id,title,text,label
16032,PRESIDENT TRUMP AND MELANIA Arrive in Poland to Cheering Crowds [Video],"The President and First Lady touched down in Warsaw, Poland today for a visit before traveling to Hamburg, Germany. They ll be in Hamburg for the G20 Summit where Trump is expected to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time and discuss the nuclear threat of North Korea with world leaders. As they stepped off of the plane, Melania appeared in a beautiful green coat . She never misses! GO TO THE 10:15 MARK FOR THEIR DEPLANING:THE FIRST LADY WAVES AFTER ARRIVING IN WARSAW, POLAND:Melania Trump waves after arriving in Warsaw, Poland. How can anyone not love our First Lady? pic.twitter.com/6821k3dH2T  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) July 5, 2017POLISH CROWDS CHEERING AS PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRIVES IN WARSAW: CROWDS LINED THE ENTIRE ROUTE!Polish Crowds Cheering as President Trump Arrives in Warsaw pic.twitter.com/TGCHfb7Blc  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) July 5, 2017A FULL MILITARY ESCORT IN POLAND:The First Couple will leave Germany for Paris and Bastille Day ceremonies next Friday. We re looking forward to watching President trump move amongst world leaders. We have to admit that it s also going to be fun to see what the First Lady is wearing each time she makes a public appearance.",0
16033,Former Navy SEAL and Harvard Grad “Body-Slams” #FakeNews CNN Host [VIDEO],"Former Navy SEAL and GOP Rep. Scott Taylor, R-Va., body-slammed #FakeNews CNN in an interview on Monday saying that they and the rest of the liberal media are  getting played  by President Donald Trump. He criticizes them for covering his tweets and not focussing on the  real issues .  I think every time he does this you guys overreact   and I say you guys, I mean the media in general. You guys play right into his hands. You guys are playing right into his hands. You overreact, and then he s able to use that politically,  Taylor said.  You ve got to start reporting on news. This is not really news.  He said the media needs to  talk about real issues . You re falling into a trap by covering tweets all the time. There s a lot of news out there  There s a lot of focus on health care, a lot of focus on veterans, a lot of focus on the South China Sea. There s a lot of news out there to cover. Source: Washington Examiner",0
16034,"Guess how leftists, millennials and ‘Black Lives Matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of July?","Guess how leftists, millennials and  Black Lives Matter  morons decided to celebrate the 4th of July? Do they even know our history? Do they care? The video below is one of the best ever from Paul Joseph Watson 2016: LANGUAGE ALERT!Paul Joseph Watson does a great job of explaining why America is great and how wrong so many leftists are on our history. From racism to genocide, Watson walks us through the misconceptions about America. Great stuff! You re carrying Mexican flags while chanting,  Trump is not my President.  You know that this is America right? ***Language warning***It s funny that a Brit can know more about how great America is than any American citizen ",0
16035,FILMMAKER DINESH D’SOUZA: Eight Things I LOVE About America!,"FILMMAKER DINESH D SOUZA S Eight things I LOVE about America!  To make us love our country,  Edmund Burke once said,  our country ought to be lovely.  Burke s point is that we should love our country not just because it is ours, but also because it is good. America is far from perfect, and there is lots of room for improvement. In spite of its flaws, however, American life as it is lived today is the best life that our world has to offer. Ultimately America is worthy of our love and sacrifice because, more than any other society, it makes possible the good life, and the life that is good.  America provides an amazingly good life for the ordinary guy  Rich people live well everywhere. But what distinguishes America is that it provides an impressively high standard of living for the  common man. America offers more opportunity and social mobility than any other country, including the countries of Europe  America is the only country that has created a population of  self-made tycoons.  Only in America could Pierre Omidyar, whose parents are Iranian and who grew up in Paris, have started a company like eBay. Work and trade are respectable in America  Historically most cultures have despised the merchant and the laborer, regarding the former as vile and corrupt and the latter as degraded and vulgar. Examples: ancient Greece and medieval Islam But the American founders altered this moral hierarchy. America has achieved greater social equality than any other society  True, there are large inequalities of income and wealth in America. These gaps in material wealth exist on every inch of the globe. But Americans are socially more equal than any other people, and this is unaffected by economic disparities. Alexis de Tocqueville noticed this egalitarianism a century and a half ago and it is, if anything, more prevalent today. For all his riches, Bill Gates could not approach the typical American and say,  Here s a $100 bill. I ll give it to you if you kiss my feet.  Most likely, the person would tell Gates where to go! The American view is that the rich guy may have more money, but he isn t in any fundamental sense better than anyone else. In America the destiny of the young is not given to them, but created by them  In most countries in the world, your fate and your identity are handed to you; in America, you determine them for yourself. America is a country where your life is like a blank sheet of paper, and you are the artist. This notion of being the architect of your own destiny is the incredibly powerful idea that is behind the worldwide appeal of America. America has gone further than any other society in establishing equality of rights  Sadly, there is nothing distinctively American about slavery or bigotry. Slavery has existed in virtually every culture, and xenophobia, prejudice and discrimination are worldwide phenomena. Western civilization is the only civilization to mount a principled campaign against slavery; no country expended more treasure and blood to get rid of slavery than the United States. While racism remains a problem, this country has made strenuous efforts to eradicate discrimination, even to the extent of enacting policies that give legal preference in university admissions, jobs, and government contracts. It is extremely unlikely that a racist society would have permitted such policies in the first place. America has found a solution to the problem of religious and ethnic conflict that continues to divide and terrorize much of the world  Visitors to places like New York are amazed to see the way in which Serbs and Croatians, Sikhs and Hindus, Irish Catholics and Irish Protestants, Jews and Palestinians, all seem to work and live together in harmony. How is this possible when these same groups are spearing each other and burning each other s homes in so many places in the world? The American answer is, do not extend rights to racial or ethnic groups but only to individuals; in this way, all are equal in the eyes of the law, opportunity is open to anyone who can take advantage of it, and everybody who embraces the American way of life can truly  become American. America has the kindest, gentlest foreign policy of any great power in world history  Critics of the United States are likely to react to this truth with sputtering outrage. Quoting a laundry list of American sins. What the critics leave out is the other side of the story. Twice in the 20th century, the United States saved the world   first from the Nazi threat, then from Soviet totalitarianism. What would have been the world s fate if America had not existed? After destroying Germany and Japan in World War II, the United States proceeded to rebuild both countries, and today they are American allies. Now we are doing the same thing in Afghanistan and Iraq. For the most part America is an abstaining superpower; it shows no real interest in conquering and subjugating the rest of the world. (Imagine how the Soviets would have acted if they had won the Cold War.) On occasion the United States intervenes to overthrow a tyrannical regime or to halt massive human rights abuses in another country, but it never stays to rule that country. In Grenada, Haiti and Bosnia, the United States got in and then it got out. U.S. troops build hospitals, orphanages and schools across the globe. Almost everyday American planes dropped food and medical supplies to avert hardship and starvation. What other country does these things? What other superpower in history has such moral restraint on its unequaled power? -list by D. D Souza",0
16036,SHUT IT DOWN! JUDICIAL WATCH PRES Calls Out Biased Mueller Witch Hunt “Are there any Trump donors on the team?” [Video]," Are there any Trump donors on the team? GREAT QUESTION BY TOM FITTON! Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined FOX News to explain Mueller s latest hire of Andrew Goldstein, a former prosecutor who worked under Preet Bharara in New York. Remember Prett Bharara? Trump fired him! Fitton questioned who is overseeing Mueller s day-to-day conduct, pointing to the 12 hires he has made for his legal team all liberal political hacks!Special Counsel Mueller s investigation is out of control. @realDonaldTrump DOJ should shut it down. https://t.co/IYr9Hiqkix  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 2, 2017A VERY KEY REASON FOR THIS WITCH HUNT TO END IS THAT: Several of the lawyers donated to Democrats and it seems that the team is  searching for a crime. Fitton said:  I don t understand what this investigation is about.. You know my count is 14, 15 lawyers to have working on this one investigation to investigate to investigate what? An employment dispute between Comey and the President? You have the conflicts caused by Comey leaking records to get Mueller appointed, you have Constitutional concerns about the way the office operates. Fitton then pointed out what s a big concern for most people watching this unfold:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD   HERE S OUR RECENT REPORT ON THE LOPSIDED GROUP OF ALL DEMOCRAT DONOR LAWYERS HELPING MUELLER TRY AND BURY TRUMP:Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
16037,TRUMP DRIVES CRITICS CRAZY: Eliminates Obama’s Czars…Pays Female Staffers More Than Men…Saves Taxpayers Millions!,"Meanwhile, back at CNN Russia Russia Russia!The White House payroll is an excellent example of Trump s commitment to shrink government and save taxpayers money. The White House released the report of Trump s staffers  salaries in a 16-page report on Friday, resulting in projected four-year savings of more than $22 million. Not only is President Trump refusing to take his $400,000 salary, but also eliminating czars (which Obama came under fire for hiring starting in 2009), expensive  fellowships , and spending on FLOTUS staff.Here are some key findings:Some special initiative czars that worked for President Obama include Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change Carol Browner ($172,000), Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships Joshua DuBois ($98,000), White House Director of Urban Affairs Adolfo Carrion Jr ($158,500), and Director of the White House Office of Health Reform Nancy-Ann DeParle ($158,500).The reports also confirm only 5 staffers dedicated to First Lady Melania Trump, compared to Michelle Obama s outrageous 24 staffers.Trump also eliminated positions in the White House Leadership Development program which was instituted by President Obama in 2015. Positions included that of Elaine Ho at a salary of $158,700 who was in charge of working with the Office of the First Lady to implement her  Let Girls Learn  initiative. Two  Directors  whose positions were also eliminated from the payroll include Pamela Coleman ($120,000) and Katherine Pielemeier ($60,876).Gary Cohn, president of Goldman Sachs and current Director of the White House National Economic Council, and Christopher Liddell, Director of Strategic Initiatives in the White House and a former Microsoft Chief Financial Officer, are serving with reduced salaries of $30,000.President Trump donated his first quarter paycheck to the Dept. of Interior for construction and repair needs in military cemeteries.  Forbes",0
16038,"“HARRY, HARRY!” Crowd Yells Military Hero’s Name During President Trump’s Incredible Speech to Veterans [Video]","President Trump spoke at the first ever Celebrate Freedom Rally last night delivering a barn burner of a speech to veterans and wounded warriors from Walter Reid Hospital. It was one of the best  red meat  speeches our President has ever delivered. We think you ll enjoy it Go to the 21:45 point for the amazing story of Harry F. Miller:Harry lied about his age to join the American forces. He was just 15 when he joined the US military during World War II. Harry was a US hero at The Battle of the Bulge!Harry s story:During the battle, the 1st Army Headquarters instructed the tank crews to go down to an ordnance depot and take whatever they needed for the tanks.  We had to take good parts off of one tank and put it on another. We finally got three tanks and a tank destroyer that would operate and run, and had a gun,  he said in an interview with VA. They took the three working tanks and sent them to their C Company. Those three tanks ended up taking out three German tanks, which ended up being members of the 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitlerbeing, Hitler s old body guards.",0
16039,HEATED! MARIA BARTIROMO Goes At It With John Podesta On Russia Probe “Get your facts straight!” [Video],"John Podesta is the guardian of the Clintons just like Valerie Jarrett was for the Obamas.  He was instrumental during the 2016 election as the Clinton campaign chair and was exposed when the Wikileaks hack happened. He was just interviewed by the House Intel Committee regarding the Russia scam and was asked about it in the heated debate below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9U5zxVyTqAJohn Podesta is not just the former chairman of the Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, but also a central figure in the ongoing narrative of Russian meddling in the US election of 2016. His hacked emails were at the heart of what some have called a coordinated news campaign led by Wikileaks, and so he met with the House Intelligence panel yesterday behind closed doors.This morning he appeared on Fox Business to discuss the Russian interference, allegations of collusion with Trump campaign and more with host Maria Bartiromo in what became a testy debate that perfectly exemplifies the divided positions that so many Americans hold right now.Bartiromo showed skepticism over the Russia claims rightfully so!. And there may be no other individual that best embodies the Clinton s web of influence   for good and bad   than Mr. Podesta. He s the definition of a weasel.Bartiromo aggressively attacked Podesta and Democrats for what she said were deeper ties with Russia, specifically asking about Podesta s investment portfolio:THIS IS JUST ONE EXAMPLE OF A  DEEP TIE  TO RUSSIA:Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU  Based Vet   (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017 Get your facts straight,  the former Clinton campaign chair shot back, before dismissing the FBN hosts claims as coming from a dubious source  like InfoWars. It went downhill from there.",0
16040,TRUMP ADVISOR Has Warning For Syria That Has Saved Lives [Video],"Deputy Assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka warned Syrian President Bashar Assad after evidence arose earlier this week that the Assad regime could be planning another chemical weapons attack on its people. Gorka says,  if you do this again, there will be significant damage done to your forces and to your interests. We are there to destroy Isis.  CHEMICAL WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT? SYRIA S ASSAD COULD BE PLANNING ANOTHER ATTACK: Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said the United States had recently seen activity at Shayrat airfield, the same base targeted by a U.S. cruise missile strike on April 6. This involved specific aircraft in a specific hangar, both of which we know to be associated with chemical weapons use,  Davis said.Davis said the activity occurred during  the past day or two.  He did not say how the United States collected its intelligence.The White House said on Monday it appeared the Syrian government was preparing for another chemical weapons attack and warned Assad that he and his military would  pay a heavy price  if it went ahead.REMEMBER WHEN WE HAD A COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF WHO DECIDED HE WOULDN T HONOR HIS THREAT TO SYRIA:THE RED LINE READ MORE: REUTERS",0
16041,"NEWT GINGRICH: Why Obama, NOT TRUMP, Should Testify Under Oath Before Congress in Russia Probe [VIDEO]","Former Speaker Newt Gingrich discusses the Russia investigation with Hannity He drops a bomb when he says that Obama should testify under oath before Congress in the Russia probe. We totally agree!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc_t7IOfonUNewt Gingrich: There s no question that Congress should call the former president in to testify under oath to explain what he was doing and why he was doing it,  Gingrich said. There s no question that they should build the case from the ground up.Who was doing the investigating? Who was reporting to the president? Who did it go through? What were the meetings like when they decided not to pursue it? I mean, talk about an extraordinary failure of national security. Guess what s about to happen, the Congress is about to have to call Barack Obama in to testify under oath about when he knew about Russia meddling. Who told him? Why did he do nothing? Who was in the meetings when he decided to do nothing? It s going to turn out, yes, there s a big Russian story. It s Barack Obama, not Donald Trump. And you cannot make this stuff up. ",0
16042,HILARIOUS! TENNESSEE RESPONDS To California’s ‘Foolish’ Travel Ban: Keep Your ‘Unfounded Moral Judgment’ To Yourself,"Tennessee lawmakers have something to say to their counterparts in California and it s perfect! We could love this more Tennessee hits back at the loony state that banned all state travel to places that they think don t have the right policy in place. The response is epic: Whereas, California has passed legislation banning state sponsored travel to Tennessee and certain other states; andWhereas, the ban stems from legislation enacted by Tennessee that allows counselors to refer patients to other counselors who can better meet their goals, which the California State Legislature has judged to be morally reprehensible; andWhereas, California s attempt to influence public policy in our state is akin to Tennessee expressing its disapproval of California s exorbitant taxes, spiraling budget deficits, runaway social welfare programs, and rampant illegal immigration; andWhereas, Tennessee is pleasantly surprised that California will not be sending its economic development teams to Tennessee to recruit our businesses, but we can still send our teams to recruit their businesses; andWhereas, Tennessee is puzzled why California thinks it is a good idea to prohibit its state colleges and universities from participating in athletic competition in Tennessee (March Madness comes to Memphis this year via the South Regional), Kansas, Mississippi, and North Carolina; andWhereas, this type of ban, the result of legitimate disagreements about government policy, is neither persuasive nor productive for either party and will lead to economic warfare among states, as one sovereign entity attempts to tell an equally sovereign entity how to conduct its affairs by restricting travel thereto; andWhereas, the United States Constitution provides for a strong federal government for the common defense, but the Tenth Amendment grants the several states sovereignty in addressing issues solely within their jurisdiction, and all states should respect this most basic precept of American government; andWhereas, if states such as California persist in banning travel to Tennessee as a punitive action for this body conducting its constitutionally mandated duties as its members see fit, our state leaders should consider strong reciprocal action in banning state sponsored travel to those misguided states; now, therefore,BE IT RESOLVED BY THE SENATE OF THE ONE HUNDRED TENTH GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES CONCURRING, that we urge and encourage the Governor, the Speaker of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives to ban state -sponsored and state funded travel within their respective jurisdictions to any state of the Union that has banned state   sponsored travel to Tennessee in a selective way, so that the other states feel the pain and not TennesseeBE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that we urge the other forty-eight states to refrain from imposing their unfounded moral judgment on their sister states as California has done in order to prevent escalating foolishness.Oh boy! Isn t that great!",0
16043,"YOU WON’T BELIEVE HIS PUNISHMENT! HISPANIC STORE OWNER Swindles Tax Payers Out Of $1,116,924.27 In Latest Food Stamp Scam","How did this man come to OWN this store? There is no information on much about this fraudster except that he stole from Americans and is getting just a slap on the wrist. It s no wonder these people are repeat offenders!A hispanic store owner testified in court through a Spanish translator (Why no English?) that he swindled the American tax payers out of millions via food stamp fraud. Eduardo Leonardo plead guilty to stealing from the USDA by illegally exchanging over a million dollars of food stamp benefits for cash for over two years. I stole from the USDA and the Food and Nutrition Service,  Eduardo Leonardo said slowly in Spanish through a translator in Brooklyn Federal Court.  It was an exchange of benefits for cash. Leonardo, 57,  admitted to committing  food stamp  fraud between Oct. 2015 and March 2017 by giving customers cash in exchange for running their EBT cards for a higher amount, which the federal government would later reimburse.In one instance, an undercover witness from the USDA went into Super Economic and picked up a jar of peanut butter and jelly and crackers, totaling $5.48. The witness then asked Leonardo to exchange benefits for $200 cash and Leonardo charged an undercover EBT card $287.89 and gave the witness $200 in cash, making a $82.41 profit.The USDA lost a total of $1,116,924.27 in the transactions.The scammer has run his store, Super Economic One Way Supermarket out of 104-21 Glenwood Road in Canarsie since Dec. 2011. It became a registered SNAP business on May 25, 2012. Specifically I gave a discounted rate in cash in exchange for them [customers] allowing me to ring up the full amount,  Leonardo said to Judge Ann Donnelly.Remember Ann Donnelly?Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) previously called the  food stamp program,  uses federal tax dollars to aid low-income households in buying affordable and nutritious food. EBT cards are used like debit cards, to swipe at special terminals in retail food stores to use the benefits in exchange for food.Between Nov. 2015 and Jan. 2017, Super Economic conducted more than 57,000 SNAP transactions totaling more than $1.5 million, according to court documents.About 8 transactions were made for $50 or more, an amount that USDA officials say is high for a store that size, which would normally conduct $15 average transactions.Leonardo is set to be sentenced on Oct. 31 and could face a maximum five years in prison WHAAAAT????THIS IS WHY THIS KEEPS HAPPENING!A man swindles more than a million dollars from Americans yet he gets only 5 years in prison? The punishment does not fit the crime!Via: Brooklyn Eagle",0
16044,"JUDGE JEANINE IS FURIOUS! RINO’s Are Plotting To Take Down President Trump…Cowardly GOP Sitting Back, Watching Democrats ‘Railroad Their President’…Only ONE Republican Is Defending Trump [VIDEO]","Fox News Channel s Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment Saturday on  Justice. Pirro accused the establishment Republicans leaders of watching the Democrats  railroad their president, and then urged them to prove their loyalty by convincing everyone that they are not in on the  effort to take down  President Donald Trump. The Republican establishment not fighting for the commander-in-chief as day after day they watch him being savaged, forcing him to defend himself and run the country. Think about it. If he s knocked out, the succession is clear and things go back to the way they were,  Pirro said. You re in power, damn it!  she later exclaimed.  Do something, pass something, cut this kumbaya crap, put on your big boy pants and act like you re in power, act like you give a damn! And more importantly, convince us that you are not in on the effort to take down the president of the United States.   Breitbart",0
16045,PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes Huge Announcement on Obama’s Cuba Policy: “We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP S REMARKS TODAY IN MIAMI INCLUDE A TOTAL CHANGE FROM THE OBAMA POLICY another campaign promise fulfilled:  I am canceling the last administration s completely one-sided deal with Cuba. We will not lift sanctions on the Cuban regime until all political prisoners are free We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uLN_ByJia4The president held a rally with a cheering crowd in Miami s Cuban-American enclave of Little Havana. He included Senator Marco Rubio, who helped with the new restrictions on Cuba.THE CROWD IN LITTLE HAVANA CLEARLY LOVES THE POTUS:The crowd in Miami yells  We love you  & @potus answers  I love you, too  standing ovation & chants of  USA!  pic.twitter.com/zKUtv76Jll  Jennifer S. Korn (@jennifersks) June 16, 2017THE CROWD BEGAN TO SING  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE PRESIDENT:Crowd starts singing  Happy Birthday  to President Trump during his #Cuba speech. What a beautiful moment  pic.twitter.com/eW3wEsbgcH  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) June 16, 2017THIS IS THE BEST TWEET OF THE DAY:President Trump ""Effective immediately, I am cancelling the Obama Administration's deal with Cuba""Thank U Trump No More Leading From Behind pic.twitter.com/qAhgho8P3c  Immigrants 4 Trump (@immigrant4trump) June 16, 2017 ",0
16046,MAN WHO ROBBED A BANK To Get Away From His Wife Gets The Ultimate Punishment," Ripple wrote out his demand note in front of his wife   and told her he d rather be in jail than at home, A 71-year-old man who robbed a bank in Kansas City, Kan. to avoid living with his wife was sentenced to home confinement this week. This is too funny!A federal judge on Tuesday sentenced Lawrence John Ripple to six months of home confinement; three years of supervised probation, including 50 hours of community service; and ordered him to pay $227.27 to the bank he robbed, according to the Kansas City Star.Ripple robbed the Bank of Labor in Kansas City in September. He walked into the bank and handed a note to the bank teller that said,  I have a gun, give me money.  After the bank teller handed over $2,924, Ripple sat down in the bank lobby waiting to be arrested by police.ADVERTISINGCourt records said Ripple wrote the note in front of his wife, telling her he would rather be in jail than live at home with her.Chekasha Ramsey, Ripple s public defender, told U.S. District Court Judge Carlos Murguia that the defendant suffered from depression after undergoing heart surgery in 2015. Ripple said that he felt better after finding the right medication and said prison would be more of a punishment for his wife than for him,  the Star reported.Via: KCS",0
16047,"FLASHBACK: KEY DEMOCRATS Call for Violence in the Streets…”March, Bleed, Die” [Video]","And we wonder why violence like today s shooting happened The left started with the violence during the 2016 and continued to escalate it once they lost. We have key Democrats calling for violent resistance in the streets Sick!Can anyone imagine a sitting Republican Senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected Democratic President? Speaking of p*ssies On Tuesday Democratic Senator Time Kaine told the Morning Joe in an interview that Democrats need to fight the Trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to the at the ballot box.Partial Transcript:MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST  MORNING JOE : So, broad question about the future of the Democratic Party, especially given your firsthand experience with what we ve all been through. There s so much going on here that we clearly see, you know, places where you   we can criticize what the administration is doing, but how does the party rebuild? How do you prevent overreach in a situation like this? How do you prevent a continuation of the bubble in a situation like this, and how does the party reclaim its reach across the country while fighting these battles? SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): So, the way we get outside the bubble is we take advantage of this tremendous public outcry against the administration. What we ve got to do is fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box, and now there s the momentum to be able to do this. And we re not afraid of the popular outcry, we re energized by it and that s going to help us do our job and do it better.  -GPListen to faux man Tim Kaine call for fighting on the streets here. Pay special attention to his comment about the  Women s March  that  was organized under a grassroots  label.'  It sounds like Kaine s admitting that it was organized under a grassroots  label  but that it wasn t really grassroots at all. Why didn t he just come out and admit that it was organized by Soros, Obama and Planned Parenthood?Obama s former AG Loretta Lynch released a video that s a call to action for Democrats. These people who have been stripped of power after being so close to achieving their goals of fundamentally transforming America into something most Americans wouldn t recognize, are serious about starting a civil war in our nation. If you don t believe me, listen to the words of Obama s former AG, who compares the fight against President Trump and his supporters to that of the Civil War:  I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people. I know it s a time of concern for people, who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back. I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our Founding Fathers. (Lynch s statement about the Founding Fathers is quite ironic, considering that she worked hand-in-hand with former President Barack Obama to destroy the very fabric of our Constitution.) It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They ve marched, they ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again. We could also add the DNC s California Chair: In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we thought Tom Perez was bad: Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!",0
16048,GAFFE OF THE DAY: VA Gov. #TerryMcAuliffe Blames “Too Many” Guns for Shootings: “We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence” [Video],"VIRGINIA governor Terry McAuliffe decided to get political today when he spoke out during the presser for the Virginia shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise. Leave it to a political hack like McAuliffe to bring gun control into the discussion:  There are too many guns on the street. We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence. CONFUSION: VA Gov. Terry McAuliffe:  There are too many guns on the street. We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence.  pic.twitter.com/36EUPl4Jsb  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 14, 2017Leave it to this uneducated political snake to make this all about politics and gun control. He eventually corrected himself to say that it s just 93 people a day who are victims of gun violence. How many are saved BECAUSE they are armed with a gun? Lives were saved today because the Capitol Police were armed. That s all thanks to Steve Scalise who is a leader in Congress and gets protection. It they hadn t been there, who know how many would have been killed!McAuliffe is a Clinton crony who has always been a snake in the grass. He will do anything to get ahead politically. He s been involved in a questionable  redistricting in his state and prior to the 2016 election he made it possible for thousands of felons to vote. ",0
16049,#CongressionalBaseballGame Shooter Identified: #JamesHodgkinson Twitter and Facebook Show Loony Leftist Hate for Trump,"The shooter at the Congressional baseball practice has been identified. His name is James Hodgkinson The 66-year old white male from Illinois is a Bernie Sanders supporter. His Facebook and Twitter accounts are full of anti-Trump/pro-Bernie Sanders posts and pictures:UPDATE: PRESIDENT TRUMP just announced that Hodgkinson has died from his injuries. His Facebook page and Twitter have been inundated with angry conservatives who are so sick of the vile and hateful rhetoric from the left. He s a huge leftist who clearly hastes President Trump calling him a  traitor  on Facebook:This man clearly represents Trump Derangement Syndrome The left is still so angry that Trump was elected. It s sick and twisted!From the shooter s Facebook page:We just reported last weekend on protests across the country that got violent and even saw Antifa attacking a police horse with a weapon:A  female  Antifa member was arrested after using a flag pole w/ a silver nail at the end to stab a police horse in the neck during a riot. pic.twitter.com/yBMThRyUdn  /pol/ News Forever (@polNewsForever) June 12, 2017 The violence on social media and on the streets must stop. Conservatives have been attacked starting with the Trump campaign rallies and are still being attacked. Supporters of our president are even afraid to wear hats or t-shirts with his slogans. Anyone who wears a Trump item could be a target of violence.Leaders of the Democrat party need to stop with the hateful rhetoric NOW! Tom Perez WE RE TALKING TO YOU!",0
16050,TILLERSON SLAMS BIDEN COMMENT: ‘Show Me Your Results and I’ll Tell You Your Commitment’,"WE LOVE HIS STYLE! Secretary of State Rex Tillerson slammed a comment from former Vice President Joe Biden about how budgets reflect priorities:  Don t tell me what you value; show me your budget and I ll tell you what you value,  Biden had said. Sen. Chris Coons (D., Del.) mentioned Biden s quote during Tuesday s Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing with Tillerson. Coons used the quote to reference the Trump administration s proposed funding cuts to the State Department s budget. Tillerson said that results gauged values more than funding. Amen!Coons was basically using a quote from Biden to push the notion that the State Department isn t spending enough money. Notice how Coons is also unhappy with not spending or hiring fast enough at the State Department. He doesn t get that the Trump administration is results oriented and not funds oriented. Secretary Tillerson continued:  Having the funds are certainly appreciated and needed, but then we have to be able to deliver working with other aid agencies and working with the situation on the ground to have the aid reach those most in need,  he said.Tillerson said in order to effectively solve international aid issues, the State Department must look at the results desired before calculating how much money is necessary to do so. He highlighted that it was irresponsible to just throw money at the problem. The statement that  show me your funding and I ll show you your level of commitment,  I do not agree with. Funding does not equal results,  Tillerson said.  Show me your results, and I ll tell you your commitment. What are the results, and then I ll tell you what I need to deliver on those results.The best line comes at the end:Giving me a pot of money and suggesting that confirms our success and commitment is just simply I have to take exception to that, I ve never had that experience,  he said.Great! Americans are so lucky to have someone like Secretary Tillerson!Via: WFB",0
16051,WHY DEMOCRATS KEEP LOSING: Rep. Hakeem Jeffries Calls Trump Voters “White Supremacists” [Video],"Hakeem Jeffries just exposed his Trump Derangement on the House floor. His hate for President Trump is so offensive and inappropriate. He s the definition of a JACKA$$:  We re wondering why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump s campaign?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIakbhiZGgwHow racist and wrong of this man who says Trump voters are  dripping in hatred Unreal!During a speech on the House floor on Monday, Representative Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) argued that while not all Trump voters are racists,  every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. Jeffries said,  Since January 20th, we ve seen a disturbing increase here in America in anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim, anti-black, anti-LGBT and anti-Semitic acts. And the question is, is this just a coincidence, or could it possibly have something to do with the election of the 45th president of the United States of America? Now, in part, what we re seeing is connected to a historic backlash that has often occurred throughout this journey that we ve been on here in America, that whenever we make significant progress, there s always a backlash amongst some in America who ve got a problem with the fact that we ve done things designed to be more consistent with our values of liberty and justice for all, equal protection under the law. After listing historical examples of this, Jeffries stated,   And then, of course, we ve got Barack Obama, who was elected in what many of us viewed as an incredible step in the right direction, African-Americans having gone from the outhouse to the White House. Eight years of tremendous progress in moving this country forward, followed by the election of Donald Trump, a man who spent five years perpetrating the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America. And many of us are wondering, why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump s campaign? What was it about this individual that so many folks dripping in hatred flocked to his candidacy? That s not to say that every American who voted for Donald Trump is a racist. We do know that every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. that s a problem. He concluded,  And so, again, I just ask the question in closing, is this all a big coincidence? We know part of it is the backlash that has often occurred whenever we ve made progress in America, but this president has a responsibility to address the rise in hate crimes that have taken place on his watch, whether or not his election is directly connected to it. ",0
16052,FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL: Why Obama is Guilty of REAL Hillary Obstruction [Video],"Former AG Mukasey went there during two morning show appearances today. He told Bill Hemmer he sees no crime in the Russia probe then told Maria Bartiromo of FOX Business (video below) that Obama may be guilty of obstruction in the investigation into Hillary s email: President Obama s statement that he thought she shouldn t be charged because she didn t intend to violate the law is the real Clinton obstruction because that is a statement by him that this is the way I want that investigation to come out A take on the matter, for what it s worth. Mukasey: I don t see evidence of any crime in Russia probe https://t.co/b4KNztDyLk  Mister Eerie (@Psychogrotesque) June 13, 2017 Mukasey:  He was introducing an element that was not in the statute to know you re violating the law and he was saying that, that was the way he wanted the investigation to end. Obviously the Justice Department picked up on that. In his testimony last week, former FBI Director James Comey said Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked him to call the Hillary Clinton probe a  matter,  not an investigation, but Mukasey said that s not breaking the law. That s, I think, not obstruction because she s simply playing the  same card the Clinton campaign is playing,  Mukasey said.On Tuesday, President Trump said on Twitter that Lynch committed a crime and  gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017Meanwhile Democratic lawmaker Diane Feinstein said she wanted to open an investigation into Loretta Lynch s statement, but Mukasey said calling it a matter is just  the tip of the iceberg. Then you re talking about how come the Justice Department didn t use the Grand Jury. How come they interviewed her at the end and two days later Jim Comey came out with a statement,  Mukasey said, noting that the Lynch interview was not recorded.  This was an un-serious investigation. FORMER AG MUKASEY DIGS INTO COMEY:  DEVIOUS Former AG Michael Mukasey considers #Comey  s calculated move regarding his  memo   extraordinarily devious ! #DrainTheDeepState @POTUS #1A pic.twitter.com/ploVQsdFzf  eternal vigilance (@uspatrol) June 11, 2017WOW! To call the FBI Director  devious  is huge!Read more: FOX News",0
16053,DISGRACEFUL! Senator John McCain Swipes At Trump…Slams His Leadership Ability,"Senator John McCain took another swipe at President Trump.  He claimed that American leadership was stronger under Obama. The Senator has been attacking Trump non-stop making people wonder what in the world is wrong with him. President Trump has only been in office 5 months!The Hill had this to say about McCain s feelings on Trump s leadership:Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said American leadership was stronger under President Trump s predecessor, President Barack Obama, according to a Guardian report published Sunday.Asked if the country stood on sturdier ground under Obama s leadership, McCain said  yes,  according to the report. As far as American leadership is concerned, yes,  said McCain, who also vocally criticized many of the Obama administration s foreign policy decisions.McCain also lost to Obama when he ran as the GOP nominee in the 2008 presidential election.He recently fumbled in questioning former FBI Director James Comey leaving people to question his mental fitness for the Senate:Memes like the one below have started to pop up on social media:McCain has become more and more of an obstructionist when it comes to Trump s policies. Is this McCain s true colors coming out or a case of his mental ability to reason diminishing? We think it s a little of both Time to go!",0
16054,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP Calls Out Feds On Overregulation: “It took only four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP ON OVERREGULATION:  They spent $29 million for an environmental report weighing 70 lbs. and costing $24,000 per page. I said, do me a favor, I m going to make a speech in a little while, do you mind if I take that and show it? So I m going to show it.  The president then walked away from the podium and flipped through the pages of the binder, then let each one hit the ground with a thud.With Trump s speech, the White House s so-called  infrastructure week  came to an end Friday. The effort was meant to highlight the need to speed up the permitting process before roads, bridges, ports and tracks across the country can be built. It took only four years to build the Golden Gate Bridge and five years to build the Hoover Dam and less than one year to build the Empire State building but today it can take 10 years just to get the approvals and permits needed to build a major infrastructure project,  Trump said.On Monday, the White House kicked off a weeklong focus on infrastructure, announcing a series of events and speeches where the president would draw attention to the issue his advisers say they hope can be tackled this year. We have structurally deficient bridges, clogged roads, crumbling dams and rocks, our rivers are in trouble, our railways are aging and chronic traffic that slows commerce and diminishes our citizens quality of life,  Trump said Friday.  Other than that, we are doing very well. Read more: WE",0
16055,OH THE IRONY! NANCY PELOSI: “Trump’s family should be concerned about his health” [Video],"Appearing on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) expressed concern for President Donald Trump s mental state saying she thinks his family should be concerned by his deterioration HUH? This is so ironic!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOMAxUDa3J4Asked by panelist Mike Barnicle,  Are you concerned of the president s health?  Pelosi said she believes Trump s family should intervene:THIS IS HYSTERICAL! AND SHE S QUESTIONING TRUMP S HEALTH? I think his family should be concerned of his health,  Pelosi carefully stated.  The fact is this is hopefully not repairable. He s the president of the United States. You mean you hope it is repairable,  host Joe Scarborough interjected. Yes, not irreparable,  Pelosi agreed.Later in the segment Pelosi was asked once again if she was concerned about the president s health, with the Democrat responding  I m concerned about his fitness for office. ",0
16056,FAST AND FURIOUS Hearing Rips Obama and Holder for Obstruction: “ATF and DOJ officials implemented an all-out campaign to silence me” [Video],"Members of a congressional committee ripped Obama and his attorney general for covering up an investigation into the death of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry. Terry was killed as a result of a botched government gun-running project known as Operation Fast and Furious:The House Oversight Committee also Wednesday released a scathing, nearly 300-page report that found Holder s Justice Department tried to hide the facts from the loved ones of slain Border Patrol Brian Terry   seeing his family as more of a  nuisance  than one deserving straight answers   and slamming Obama s assertion of executive privilege to deny Congress access to records pertaining to Fast and Furious.Senator Grassley accused the DOJ and ATF officials of obstructing the investigation and working to silence ATF agents who informed the Senate of Fast and Furious: The Department of Justice and ATF had no intention of looking for honest answers and being transparent. In fact, from the onset, bureaucrats employed shameless delay tactics to obstruct the investigation. One of the silenced ATF agents, John Dodson, testified Wednesday that he remains  in a state of purgatory  since objecting to Fast and Furious and has been the subject of reprisals and ridicule at the agency: That decision, the single act of standing up and saying,  What we are doing is wrong  instantly took my standing from being that of an agent of the government   to an enemy of the state. ATF and DOJ officials implemented an all-out campaign to silence and discredit me. Suffice to say, the last six to seven years at ATF have not been the best for me or my career. Grassley s and Dodson s testimony reinforced findings of the report, which states that the Justice Department knew before Terry s death that the ATF was  walking  firearms to Mexico and knew the day after the agent s death that Fast and Furious guns were involved in the shootout   despite denying these facts to the media. It goes on to state that the Justice Department s internal investigation focused more on spinning the story to avoid negative media coverage than looking into lapses by either the DOJ or ATF.The whistleblower testimony is especially compelling at the 42:00 point of the video:Several emails revealed in the report appear to indicate that some Justice Department staffers were working to keep information from political appointees at the department. I don t want to jinx it but it really is astounding that the plan worked   so far,  former Deputy Attorney General James Cole wrote in an email to Holder, according to the report.The report also says that Holder s Justice Department stonewalled inquiries from Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and deceptively told him that the  ATF makes every effort to interdict  firearms purchased by straw buyers. There are important reasons for not giving Grassley everything he is asking for: it would embolden him in future fights and would  use up  a lot of the material that we will eventually need to release to (California Rep. Darrell) Issa . . . as the oversight struggle continues,  the Office of Legislative Affairs Assistant Attorney General Ron Welch said in an email to DOJ colleagues.Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry died in a gunfight between Border Patrol agents and members of a six-man cartel  rip crew,  which regularly patrolled the desert along the U.S.-Mexico border looking for drug dealers to rob.Read more: FOX",0
16057,UPDATE: COMEY’S LEAKER Goes Into Hiding [Video],"A Columbia University professor from Brooklyn went into hiding Thursday after pal James Comey revealed during his Senate testimony that the man leaked memos detailing the former FBI chief s conversations with President Trump to the press.But Richman had vanished from his Henry Street digs by midday, and family members, friends and neighbors wouldn t answer doors or phone calls to shed any more light.A doorman eventually turned security guard to stop reporters entering the building.Richman s wife, Alexandra Bowie, is a former president of the influential neighborhood civic group the Brooklyn Heights Association. Its director, Peter Bray, declined to speak about the man who had suddenly usurped Lena Dunham as the nabe s most famous inhabitant.Comey said in his testimony that he decided to give the content of his Trump memo to his good friend to leak to the press after President Trump tweeted out about possible  takes  of their conversations. Comey also said of leaking the memo,  I thought it might prompt the appointment of a special counsel.  Via: NYPWho knew the FBI Director was a leaker! This is too much! Our intel community has become so politicized that it prohibits them from following the law or even focusing on gutting to the truth! During testimony today, Susan Collins asked if Comey ever shared memos from President Trump:COMEY S RESPONSE WAS A SHOCKER. HE SAID HE FELT HE NEEDED TO GET THAT OUT INTO THE PUBLIC SQUARE SO HE ASKED A FRIEND TO SHARE THE MEMO WITH A REPORTER:The person that Comey gave the memos to is a former classmate from Columbia Law School. He is considered to be a and adviser to Comey. Daniel Richman is in the video below and is a rather interesting guy. The video is dated but is meant to give you an idea of the character of this  friend  and  adviser  to the former FBI Director.Comey stated:James Comey leaked details of his conversation with @POTUS to  friend and confidant  Daniel Richman.Does this man look sane to you? pic.twitter.com/06Q7cfNRLI  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 8, 2017 Does this man look sane to you? pic.twitter.com/06Q7cfNRLI  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 8, 2017",0
16058,DELUSIONAL DEMOCRAT AL GREEN: “I Will Draw Up Documents of Impeachment” [Video],"Texas Democrat Rep. Al Green announced on Wednesday he would draw up articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump. This is the second time he s done this he s obviously got Trump Derangement Syndrome!Two delusional Democrats can t let this go   Trump derangement syndrome!Now There Are Two: Rep. Brad Sherman Joins Rep. Al Green in Call to Impeach Trump https://t.co/GoebRqz8zO pic.twitter.com/BhXq7LDpUq  Mediaite (@Mediaite) June 7, 2017OUR PAST REPORT ON AL GREEN S CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT: Spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of Democrats It s really pitiful to watch  Last night, following the release of the Washington Post fake news on Trump and Russia, several videos immediately came out repeating the same fake news. It s uncanny that the media could be so coordinated in their reports on President Trump Of course, we believe there s something to that.Two  Congresscritters  have come out to call for the impeachment of President Trump .With ZERO evidence of ANY wrongdoing, it s laughable One of our favorites is Maxine Waters but this next Congressman runs a close second. Al Green claims Trump was  hobnobbing  with the Russians Haha!Congressman Al Green just released a statement on why he believes President Trump should be impeached. This statement is laughable. Was Al Green elected because of his name? Voters can be that way, ya know This guy is the definition of clueless! Who elects these brainiacs?Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has suggested impeachment during TV interviews, but Green is the first member of Congress to formally call for impeachment hearings.Green said Trump s own public statements showed he fired Comey over the Russia investigation, which he said was grounds for impeachment:Waters and Green are a total joke! These are just two of the jokers running Washington. This is truly scary.",0
16059,GRANDSTANDING DEM SENATOR SCOLDED By Intel Chair for Interrupting Deputy AG Rosenstein [Video],"Sen. Richard Burr (R., NC.), chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, scolded Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.) for not allowing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to answer her questions during a committee hearing on Wednesday. Harris repeatedly interrupted the Deputy AG Rude, Rude, Rude!Harris was asking Rosenstein about the authority of former FBI Director Robert Mueller in his current role as special counsel to investigate interference by Russia in the 2016 presidential election. Rosenstein started to answer the question several times before Harris cut him off over and over leading Burr to intervene: Will the senator suspend. The chair is going to exercise it s right to allow the witnesses to answer the question. And the committee is on notice to provide the witnesses the courtesy, which has not been extended all the way across, extend the courtesy for questions to get answered. Political demagogue Harris then blurted out that Rosenstein is known for  joking  about his ability to  filibuster .Prior to Burr s comments, Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.) asked the chairman to intervene after Harris repeatedly interrupted Rosenstein as he started to answer her questions.We reported on Ms. Harris yesterday she s rude, rude, rude! ",0
16060,BREAKING: President Trump Makes FBI Pick One Day Before Comey Testimony [Video],"President Trump has nominated Christopher Wray to be the new director of the FBI. The president announced the pick in a tweet Wednesday:  I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. #BREAKING  @POTUS nominates Christopher Wray for @FBI Director. #AmericaFirst   #MAGA pic.twitter.com/7reLeV2ZE8  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) June 7, 2017This comes one month after President Trump fired James Comey:  While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the bureau,  Trump said in a letter to Comey.  It is essential that we find new leadership for the F.B.I. that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. You are hereby terminated and removed from office, effective immediately. Trump interviewed a slew of candidates for the position, including FBI director Andrew McCabe, former Democratic Sen. Joe Lieberman, former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating, former FBI official Richard McFeely and John Pistole before settling on Wray.The interesting thing about the pick is that this was Trump s pick. This is also a brilliant move from the president to nominate a pick for FBI Director one day before Comey testifies.Christopher Wray was the lawyer for Chris Christie in the Bridgegate Investigation. The left will probably go bonkers over that fun fact.Here s a little more on Wray:Wray was nominated by President George W. Bush as assistant attorney general in charge of the Criminal Division, according to the U.S. Department of Justice website. He held that job until 2005.Christopher Wray is a graduate of Yale Law School. He led the Enron Task Force when he was with the Department of Justice.As head of the Criminal Division, Wray led investigations and prosecutions in securities fraud, health care fraud, money laundering, public corruption and several other areas of federal criminal law, according the the website of King & Spaulding, a Washington firm where he currently serves as a litigation partner.Via: Daily Caller",0
16061,RUDE! KAMALA HARRIS Repeatedly Cuts Off Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly Over Sanctuary City Policy [Video],"RUDE, RUDE, RUDE! Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly was repeatedly cut off by Senator Kamala Harris (D., Calif.) during questioning about the administration s sanctuary city policy. Harris cut Kelly off to say the administration was forcing cities into choosing between complying with federal law or forfeiting DHS counterterrorism funds. Had you not cut me off, I would have said the same thing you just said. Probably not as eloquently, but I would have said the same thing you just said,  Kelly said.Later, Kelly said he told city officials that whatever they do within the law,  we re willing to work with them. So So are you aware that there s local law enforcement  Harris started. Could you at least let me finish once, before you interrupt me?  Kelly said. Sir, with all due respect,  Harris responded. With all due respect, senator,  Kelly said.Harris asked Kelly if the administration was advising local enforcement leaders that they could overlook government requests on detainment to avoid liability. We talk to them about whatever they re comfortable with, whatever they think they can do within interpretation of their local attorneys general, as an example, or local lawyers  Kelly said.Harris interrupted again, and Kelly became irritated. So when they re instructed  Harris started. Could you let me finish once, senator?  Kelly asked angrily. Excuse me. I m asking the questions,  Harris said. But I m trying to answer the question,  Kelly said.Things got touchy enough that the next time Kelly got a question, he asked Harris to assure him he would be allowed to finish his response. If it s responsive to the question, of course,  Harris said.Read more: WFB",0
16062,IT’S A MIRACLE! Food Stamp Use Went Down 85% After This Change In Requirements,"Food Stamp use has miraculously gone down in several states! It s a miracle! In 13 Alabama counties, food stamp use went down a whopping 85%!When Obama took out the welfare-to-work requirement, the use of food stamps skyrocketed to nearly 45 million Americans! That s 1 in every 7 US citizens using food stamps! Now that the Trump administration has vowed to reduce the use, it s interesting to see that people jump off of assistance when the work requirement is put back in.Georgia and Alabama have seen a sharp decrease in food stamp use with the work requirement back in:Georgia:More than half of the 11,779 people enrolled for food stamps in 21 counties, an estimated 7,251 people, have dropped out of the food stamp program a drop of 62 percent, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.Georgia first rolled out its work requirements for the food stamp program in three counties in January 2016. Since then, the state has expanded work requirements in an additional 21 counties, giving people in those 21 counties until April 1, 2017 to find a job or lose food stamp benefits. Via: BNALABAMA:Thirteen previously exempted Alabama counties saw an 85 percent drop in food stamp participation after work requirements were put in place on Jan. 1, according to the Alabama Department of Human Resources.The counties   Greene, Hale, Perry, Dallas, Lowndes, Wilcox, Monroe, Conecuh, Clarke, Washington, Choctaw, Sumter and Barbour   had been exempt from a change that limited able-bodied adults without dependents to three months of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits within a three-year time frame unless they were working or participating in an approved training program.During the economic downturn of 2011-2013, several states   including Alabama   waived the SNAP work requirements in response to high unemployment. It was reinstituted for 54 counties on Jan. 1, 2016 and for the remaining 13 on Jan. 1, 2017. As of April 2017, the highest jobless rate among the 13 previously excluded counties was in Wilcox County, which reported a state-high unemployment rate of 11.7 percent, down more than 11 percentage points from the county s jobless rate for the same month of 2011.Ending the exemption has dramatically cut the number of SNAP recipients in the counties.As of Jan. 1, 2017, there were 13,663 able-bodied adults without dependents receiving food stamps statewide. That number dropped to 7,483 by May 1, 2017. Among the 13 counties, there were 5,538 adults ages 18-50 without dependents receiving food stamps as of Jan. 1, 2017. That number dropped to 831   a decline of about 85 percent   by May 1, 2017. Based on the trend, the number of (able-bodied adults without dependents) recipients for SNAP benefits is expected to continue to decline statewide and in the formerly 13 exempted counties,  according to Alabama DHR spokesperson John Hardy.Statewide, the number of able-bodied adults receiving food stamps has fallen by almost 35,000 people since Jan. 1, 2016. Each recipient receives about $126 a month in benefits.Nationwide, there are about 44 million people receiving SNAP benefits at a cost of about $71 billion. The Trump administration has vowed to cut the food stamp rolls over the next decade, including ensuring that able-bodied adults recipients are working.Via: al.com",0
16063,BREAKING ATTACK AT #NotreDame Cathedral: You Won’t Believe What a Terrorist Just Used to Attack a Police Officer Near Notre Dame Cathedral,"We ve moved from machetes to hammers? How low can you go? These terrorists are using ANY means necessary to harm people.It s come to this: Photo of visitors locked inside Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris following reports man attempted to attack officer with a hammer. pic.twitter.com/3GNPK2sN6k  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 6, 2017 Police in Paris have shot and injured a man who tried to attack an officer outside Notre Dame cathedral.BFMTV and other French media reported that the attempted attack involved a hammer. Witnesses said four plainclothes police officers, doctors and paramedics could be seen surrounding the suspected attacker, whose condition is not known.David Rahul M treaum, a witness, told BFMTV that he could see a  man on the ground who is not moving . There is a group of people from the emergency services around the man on the ground. Police asked people to stay away from the area, which has been evacuated. Large numbers of police cars filled the area on the  le de la Cit  island in the river Seine in the centre of Paris.The French prosecutor s office said the counter-terrorism office has opened an investigation.Via: The Guardian",0
16064,"HYSTERICAL! President Trump Calls Out Obama: “Honestly, they didn’t know what the hell they were doing.” [Video]","President Trump has the line of the day:  The previous administration spent over $7 billion trying to upgrade the system and totally failed. Honestly, they didn t know what the hell they were doing. A total waste of money. $7 billion plus-plus. The President was announcing his upgrade of the air traffic control system when he totally ripped on the Obama administration it was epic! The Trump administration wants to turn over control of the nation s skies to private business. President Trump announced his plan to privatize the nation s air traffic control system, arguing that it is the best way to modernize the system:  We live in a modern age, but our air traffic control system is stuck, painfully, in the past,  he said at a White House event attended by current and former transportation department officials.  Americans can look forward to cheaper, faster and safer travel.  He argued that moving the system to a private non-profit corporation will help speed up the shift from using land-based radar to using more precise GPS tools. Trump and Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said the change would also reduce costs and fuel consumption for airlines. Read more: MONEY",0
16065,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S REMARKS at Ford’s Theatre Gala Include Warning to Terrorists: “This bloodshed MUST end. This bloodshed WILL end” [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP and FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP attended the Ford s Theatre Gala tonight. President Trump vowed to protect America from terror:  We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long. This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end.As president I will do what is necessary is to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores, and work every single day to protect the safety and security of our country, our communities and our people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ-rRMcXvyc The United States will do everything in its power to being those that are guilty to justice. President Trump spoke of Abraham Lincoln and Ford s Theatre with heartfelt fondness.Ford s Theatre is administered and maintained by the National Park Service as a historic landmark, but it is also a working theater operated by the Ford s Theatre Society. The gala is a fundraising event for the FTS, whose purpose is to secure private financing for much of the theater s programming. It dates back to the Carter Administration.Traditionally, the President has hosted a pre-gala reception at the White House. However, the Obamas chose not to attend in 2015 or 2016, citing the death of Beau Biden and  scheduling conflicts  as reasons. This led to a complete cancellation of last year s gala.",0
16066,LAWYER SCAMS FEDS OUT OF $600 MILLION…Suddenly Disappears,"Why let this guy out EVER! He was let out on bond even though there was discussion of concern since he s a  world traveler with tax payer dollars! This guy made millions off of fraudulently scamming the SS disability system. He inadvertently called attention to the need for this program to be totally overhauled:The scandal prompted the federal government to review the eligibility of about 1,500 people receiving benefits About 800 of those people lost their benefits.  I was always shocked that, when he was arrested, he was actually allowed out on bond.    Lawyer who represents Conn s former clientsA slimy Eastern Kentucky disability lawyer scheduled to be sentenced next month for defrauding the government of nearly $600 million has disappeared, the FBI said.Eric Conn pleaded guilty in March to stealing from the federal government and bribing a judge. He was scheduled to be sentenced next month and had been ordered to pay the government tens of millions of dollars.But Saturday, the FBI said Conn removed his electronic monitoring device, violating the conditions of his bond and prompting the U.S. District Court to issue a warrant for his arrest. David Habich, general counsel for the FBI s Louisville office, said Conn s  whereabouts are currently unknown. A call to Conn s lawyer was not returned.Conn started his law practice in a trailer in 1993 and built it into one of the most lucrative disability law firms in the country. He created a persona for himself as  Mr. Social Security,  fueled by outlandish TV commercials and small-scale replicas of the Statute of Liberty and the Lincoln Memorial at his office in rural eastern Kentucky.But Conn s empire crumbled when federal investigators uncovered he had been bribing a doctor and a judge to approve disability claims based on fake medical evidence. As part of his plea deal in March, he agreed to pay the federal government $5.7 million and to reimburse Social Security $46 million. A federal judge ordered Conn to pay $12 million in damages and $19 million in penalties to the government and two former Social Security employees who tried to expose the scheme. And Conn is also facing a liability judgment from a class action lawsuit brought by his former clients, with a hearing scheduled for later this month to determine the damages. It was totally predictable that he would flee,  said attorney Ned Pillersdorf, who represents Conn s former clients and said Conn s frequent world traveling was brought up in court to assess whether he was a flight risk.  I was always shocked that, when he was arrested, he was actually allowed out on bond. And there has been a betting pool going on in Prestonsburg on not if he would flee, but when. The scandal prompted the federal government to review the eligibility of about 1,500 people receiving benefits. Pillersdorf said about 800 of those people lost their benefits.Read more: Law Newz",0
16067,ALARMING: NSA Refuses to Release Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Transcript with Lame Excuse,"If Clinton and Lynch just talked about grandkids then why is this such a top secret transcript? This is troubling because it portends to what we ve known all along Bill Clinton was meeting with Lynch to fight Hillary s battle. They won t reveal it because it would implicate so many people in government Are we right?A citizen researcher from Florida is attempting to have the recording of the infamous Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch tarmac tape released to the public, but apparently, the National Security Agency claims they won t release it due to  national security. The man researching and seeking to have the tape released is Florida orthodontist Larry Kawa. You may remember him because of Judicial Watch s filing of a lawsuit on his behalf to obtain a week s worth of Hillary Clinton s emails regarding Benghazi.It s being reported now that the NSA has declared the recording of the conversation that took place between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch in Phoenix, Arizona on June 27, 2016.Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act request in March of this year to obtain the following:Any and all records and/or transcripts of a meeting held between Attorney General Loretta lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 28, 2016.Any and all references to the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton contained in day planners, calendars and schedules in the Office of theAttorney General. This brings us to Kawa. In an article at Big League Politics, Patrick Howley writes:The National Security Agency (NSA) blocked the release of a purported tape of Bill Clinton and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s private airplane talk with a rare legal justification used to protect top national security secrets.The NSA s block of the release of this information   citing one of President Obama s executive orders   undercuts Hillary Clinton s claim that her husband and Lynch had a  purely social  conversation about grandkids and golf on June 27, 2016, two weeks before Lynch dropped the Department of Justice investigation into Hillary Clinton s email scandal.Read more: Freedom Outpost",0
16068,COMEDY GOLD! The Left Goes Bonkers After Trump’s Withdrawal from Paris Accord [Video],"After President Trump pulled out of the Paris Accord, the left went crazy with hysterical predictions on what will happen now.The video below is a compilation of all of the  Chicken Littles  screeching about how the sky will now fall:A White House statement had this to say about the Paris Accord:  The Paris accord is a BAD deal for Americans, and the president s action today is keeping his campaign promise to put American workers first. The accord was negotiated poorly by the Obama administration and signed out of desperation. The media quickly sounded the alarm about the possible consequences of Trump withdrawing from the accord.CNN showed a graphic that was laughed at by Rand Paul for its ridiculous claims. The graphic listed rising sea levels, deadlier heat waves, droughts and wildfires, and mass extinction NBC had a Princeton University professor on to discuss the possible effects of Trump s decision: That means record heat, more drought in some places, torrential rains and floods in other places, sea level rising drowning coastal areas, the world will be a mess,  Oppenheimer said.Late-night hosts also chimed in with their own dire predictions. Donald Trump might have doomed the planet,   Daily Show  host Trevor Noah said.",0
16069,EVERY BAD THING We Can Say Goodbye To With Our Exit From The Paris Accord,"The word  nothing-burger  has been tossed around so much lately but it s best used in referring to what the Paris Accord would do to change the climate. IT WOULD DO NEARLY NOTHING! If you heard President Trump s speech yesterday then you know this was one of the HUGE points within his remarks. The cost/benefit was so out of line and so unfair for America! It s safe to say that how much the accord would change climate is a nothing burger but the total loss to America would be HUGE!Here s a list from Breitbart News of the things you can say goodbye to now that our AWESOME President has removed us from the Paris Accord:Goodbye to  American Last.  The Paris agreement was basically an attempt to halt climate change on the honor system. Its only legal requirements were for signatories to announce goals and report progress, with no international enforcement mechanism. As a result, it was likely that the United States and wealthy European nations would have adopted and implemented severe climate change rules while many of the world s governments would avoid doing anything that would slow their own economies. The agreement basically made the U.S. economy and Europe s strongest economies sacrificial lambs to the cause of climate change.Industrial Carnage. The regulations necessary to implement the Paris agreement would have cost the U.S. industrial sector 1.1 million jobs, according to a study commissioned by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. These job losses would center in cement, iron and steel, and petroleum refining. Industrial output would decline sharply.Hollowing Out Michigan, Missouri, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. The industrial carnage would have been concentrated on four states, according to the Chamber of Commerce study. Michigan s GDP would shrink by 0.8 percent and employment would contract by 74,000 jobs. Missouri s GDP would shrink by 1 percent. Ohio s GDP would contract 1.2 percent. Pennsylvania s GDP would decline by 1.8 percent and the state would lose 140,000 jobs.Smashing Small Businesses, Helping Big Business. Big businesses in America strongly backed the Paris climate deal. In fact, the backers of the climate deal reads like a  who s who  of big American businesses: Apple, General Electric, Intel, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Morgan Stanley, General Mills, Walmart, DuPont, Unilever, and Johnson & Johnson. These business giants can more easily cope with costly regulations than their smaller competitors and many would, in fact, find business opportunities from the changes required. But smaller businesses and traditional start-ups would likely be hurt by the increased costs of compliance and rising energy costs.Making America Poorer Again. A Heritage Foundation study found that the Paris agreement would have increased the electricity costs of an American family of four by between 13 percent and 20 percent annually. It forecast a loss of income of $20,000 by 2035. In other words, American families would be paying more while making less.Much Poorer. The overall effect of the agreement would have been to reduce U.S. GDP by over $2.5 trillion and eliminate 400,000 jobs by 2035, according to Heritage s study. This would exacerbate problems with government funding and deficits, make Social Security solvency more challenging, and increase reliance on government s spending to support households.",0
16070,GREAT JOB! WILBUR ROSS Destroys Pro-Paris Accord Argument With Brilliant Talking Points [Video],"Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the Paris Accord. He appeared on Neil Cavuto right before President Trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain America of trillions of dollars. We re so lucky he s our Commerce Secretary! He s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for America financially.BACKGROUND ON THE AWESOME WILBUR ROSS AND STEVE MNUCHIN: I did this because I believed in him    Steve MnuchinIsn t that all you need to know about the private sector picks for Commerce and Treasury? Steve Mnuchin is stepping up because he wants to help Donald Trump Make America Great Again. Fantastic!Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross was picked for Commerce Secretary. Does he need a boss? No! He s also doing this for all the right reasons!These two men are brilliant picks and have said they will coordinate and work to bring America roaring back.  Private sector nominees for these two positions couldn t be better! No more bureaucrats!They both want responsible tax cuts and want trade to be front and center Hedge fund manager Steve Mnuchin said this morning that president-elect Donald Trump had selected him to lead Treasury Mnuchin told CNBC.Mnuchin spent 17 years working at Goldman Sachs, an investment firm that has produced multiple secretaries of the Treasury, and went on to produce Hollywood blockbusters, before taking the helm of Trump s fundraising operation this year. His selection is the latest example of Trump tapping an insider as he staffs the government and attempts to keep his pledges to  drain the swamp  and  Make America Great Again.  In another move to fill out his economic team, Trump tapped billionaire Wilbur Ross to serve as the next secretary of Commerce.Read more: Daily Mail",0
16071,President Trump Announces Decision on Paris Climate Deal…America First! [Video],"FOX News is announcing that President Trump believes the Paris Accord is a  bad deal  and wants to jeep his promise to put Americans first. We say Amen to that! This is another mess Obama got us into that President Trump has to get us out of! The statement from the President will be any moment:THIS IS A GLOBAL REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH and will hurt Americans!OUR PAST REPORT ON THIS ACCORD: John Kerry and Al Gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. It s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and NOT our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. This is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. A deal to attempt to limit the rise in global temperatures to less than 2C has been agreed at the climate change summit in Paris after two weeks of intense negotiations. The pact is the first to commit all countries to cut carbon emissions. The agreement is partly legally binding and partly voluntary. Earlier, key blocs, including the G77 group of developing countries, and nations such as China and India said they supported the proposals. President of the UN climate conference of parties (COP) and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said:  I now invite the COP to adopt the decision entitled Paris Agreement outlined in the document.  Looking out to the room I see that the reaction is positive, I see no objections. The Paris agreement is adopted. As he struck the gavel to signal the adoption of the deal, delegates rose to their feet cheering and applauding.John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. Former U.S. vice president Al Gore says  years from now, our grandchildren will reflect on humanity s moral courage to solve the climate crisis. And they will look to December 12, 2015, as the day when the community of nations finally made the decision to act. South African environment minister Edna Molewa calls the pact  the best we can get at this historic moment.  She says it  can map a turning point to a better and safer world  but she added that developed countries still have to cut emissions more and help poorer nations to counter the effects of global warming.READ MORE: BBCRead more: AP",0
16072,HOUSE ISSUES SUBPOENAS for Key Obama Administration Officials: Unmasking the Unmaskers [Video],"Finally! Remember when Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. ? Well, they just dealt with Susan Rice Susan Rice and former CIA Director John Brennan have been subpoenaed by the House Intelligence Committee for information related to the  unmasking  of the Trump campaign team and others Can you believe it? Will we finally have justice?We know that Susan Rice was a key player in this unmasking and John Brennan is as slippery as they come. Remember how he lied to Congress? Yes, these are the people we re dealing with. Let s hope they finally get to the bottom of SOMETHING The Washington Examiner reports:The House Intelligence Committee has issued seven subpoenas as part of its ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 elections, including one seeking information about Obama s former national security adviser Susan Rice, and her activities related to intelligence documents that named members of the Trump campaign.The Journal s report said the intelligence-related subpoenas are to  seek information on requests  for the unmasking of names by Susan Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan, and United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power.Having subpoenas directed at former members of the intelligence committee could show that Republicans have strengthened their resolve to track down leaks from within the intelligence gathering agencies, such as the leak that described the contents of a phone call between Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak.Susan Rice has been a target on the unmasking for some time so this should be very interesting. Let the games begin!FLASHBACK: SUSAN RICE REFUSES TO TESTIFY: Susan Rice just announced she won t testify before the Senate on the Russian hacking.Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. She gave a very flimsy excuse for not testifying via her lawyer:Rice considered the invitation a  diversionary play  to distract attention from the investigation into Russian election interference, including contacts between Trump allies and Russians during the campaign, the source said.That s ridiculous! Could it REALLY be that she doesn t want to testify under oath? Ya think!According to CNN, Barack Obama s national security adviser turned down a request from Sen. Lindsey Graham to participate in the hearing. Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter (SEE BELOW) that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses,  Rice s lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in a letter to Graham.  Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify. Rice was the administration official who made the dozens of requests seeking to unmask the identities of Trump associates, which she said were for national security reasons and not politically motivated Read more: Daily Caller",0
16073,DEADBEATS BEWARE: Trump’s Food Stamp Reform Is Your Worst Nightmare,"All we re hearing from the left is fear mongering about President Trump s budget. We love what welfare to work is coming back after Obama stripped it out of requirements to receive benefits. Food stamp enrollment exploded during Obama s 8 years in office to be 44 million recipients.The American taxpayers are footing the bill for those who take advantage of the system. Here s the TRUTH about what the Trump administration has proposed for food stamps:WORK REQUIREMENTS: In reality, the president s proposed policy is based on two principles: requiring able-bodied adult recipients to work or prepare for work in exchange for benefits, and restoring minimal fiscal responsibility to state governments for the welfare programs they operate.The president s budget reasserts the basic concept that welfare should not be a one-way handout. Welfare should, instead, be based on reciprocal obligations between recipients and taxpayers.SHIFTING MORE RESPONSIBILITY ON STATES:Why should the federal government pay for almost all of the freebies? Shifting the responsibility to the states will help with accountability. Perhaps some of the states will make a better effort to clean up the fraud that s so rampant in the system.Read more: Daily Signal",0
16074,HORRIBLE! TEACHERS VOTE STUDENT “Most Likely To Become A Terrorist”,"This is in such poor judgement by the teachers of this school. You have to wonder what they were thinking!A number of teachers in a Texas school district are being disciplined after naming a student  most likely to become a terrorist. Lizeth Villanueva, a seventh grader, received a certificate during a mock awards ceremony Tuesday at Anthony Aguirre Junior High in Channelview, Texas, near Houston. Lizeth said the teacher who signed it handed out certificates to a number of students while other teachers watched and laughed. They just found it as a joke,  said Lizeth, 13.The awards were given out a day after the suicide bombing at the end of the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. She said that some people might get offended, but she doesn t really care about our feelings,  Lizeth said.  She was laughing about it. It s no laughing matter to Lizeth s mom. I read it twice. I m like,  What is this?!    said Ena Hernandez.Hernandez said her daughter is in an advanced academic program and has never had a discipline problem.Read more: USA Today",0
16075,PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLS OUT NATO MEMBERS Standing Feet Away For Not Paying [Video],President Trump met for the first time with members of NATO and scolded them for not paying their  fair share : Members of the alliance must finally contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. Twenty-three of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should be paying and what they are supposed to be paying for their defense. This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH5XeHaEEaYThis was true Trump style with his blunt speech telling them to pay up.,0
16076,LIKE A BOSS! President Trump’s Arrival at the EU Headquarters: “You can expect the president to be very tough on them” [Video],"President Trump arrived  like a boss  to check out what s going on at the NATO headquarters. They just spent big bucks on a new headquarters   Trump s probably wondering why they didn t use that money more wisely:NATO leaders have arranged an itinerary to appeal to the former real estate magnate: a ribbon-cutting of the alliance s glassy new headquarters, followed by a dinner where leaders will be held to a lightning-round speaking schedule to save time.Trump plans to press NATO leaders on defense spending, continuing a line of attack he started as a candidate last year, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Wednesday. You can expect the president to be very tough on them,  Tillerson said, saying that he expected Trump to tell them:  The American people are doing a lot for your security, for our joint security. You need to make sure you re doing your share for your own security as well. ",0
16077,THE SHOCKING REASON THE STATE DEPT IS HIDING Details of its Payments to Refugee Resettlement Contractors,"The reason the State Department is hiding payments to the 9 agencies that resettle refugees is because it s so much money. They know if you know how much money is spent that Americans will be even more outraged by the thousands of mostly muslim refugees being shipped in quietly to America.If you re not familiar with the refugee resettlement scam that costs BILLIONS, the information below  from Judicial Watch will shock you. The information is being hidden/redacted by the State Department because they don t want Americans to know what they give to the 9 resettlement agencies per year. It s mind blowing! Here s just one example: The State Department paid a VOLAG called United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) a ghastly $22,838,173 in one year to resettle refugees that came mostly from Muslim countries. Please listen to Ann Corcoran in the video below:State Dept. Hides Big Chunks of $22.8 Mil Contract to Resettle Muslim RefugeesThe U.S. government spends billions of dollars to  resettle  foreign nationals and transparency on how the money is spent depends on the agency involved. Judicial Watch has been investigating it for years, specifically the huge amount of taxpayer dollars that go to  voluntary agencies , known as VOLAGs, to provide a wide range of services for the new arrivals. Throughout the ongoing probe Judicial Watch has found a striking difference on how government lawyers use an exemption, officially known as (b)(4), to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) to withhold records. All the cases involve public funds being used to resettle foreigners on U.S. soil and Americans should be entitled to the records.The (b)(4) exemption permits agencies to withhold trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person which is privileged or confidential. Depending on the government agency and the mood of the taxpayer-funded lawyers handling public records requests, that information is exempt from disclosure. In these cases, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) disclosed a VOLAG contract to resettle tens of thousands of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) that entered the U.S. through Mexico under the Obama administration while the State Department withheld large portions of a one-year, $22.8 million deal to resettle refugees from Muslim countries. Most of the UACs came from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala and the Obama administration blamed the sudden surge on violence in the three central American nations. The agency responsible for resettling the minors and issuing contracts for the costly services is HHS.As a result of Judicial Watch s work HHS furnished records with virtually nothing redacted. Disclosed were employee salaries of VOLAGs contracted by the agency to provide services for the illegal immigrant minors, the cost of laptops, big screen TVs, food, pregnancy tests,  multicultural crayons  and shower stalls for the new arrivals. The general contract was to provide  basic shelter care  for 2,400 minors for a period of four months in 2014. This cost American taxpayers an astounding $182,129,786 and the VOLAG contracted to do it was government regular called Baptist Children and Family Services (BCFS). The breakdown includes charges of $104,215,608 for UACs at Fort Sill, Oklahoma and an additional $77,914,178 for UACs at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas.HHS rightfully provided all sorts of details in the records, including the cost of emergency surge beds ($104,215,608) for just four months; food for the illegal alien minors and staff ($18,198,000); medical supplies such as first aid kits, latex gloves, lice shampoo and pregnancy tests ($1,120,400); recreation items such as board games, soccer balls and jump ropes ($180,000); educational items like art paper and multicultural crayons ($180,000); laptops ($200,000) and cellphones ($160,000). Hotel accommodations for the BCFS staff was $6,765,000, the records show, and the salary for a 30-member  Incident Management Team  was $2,648,800, which breaks down to $88,293 per IMT member for the four-month period. It was outrageous that the Obama administration spent nearly $200 million of taxpayer funds to provide illegal alien children with the types of extravagant high-tech equipment and lavish benefits many American families cannot even afford for their own children.This has become a heated issue for the government which may explain why other agencies aren t as forthcoming in providing specific figures, thus abusing the (b)(4) exemption. The State Department, for instance, redacted huge portions of records involving contracts with VOLAGs to resettle refugees from mostly Muslim countries. The files illustrate the disparate redaction treatment given by different government agencies to the same types of records. The State Department paid a VOLAG called United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) a ghastly $22,838,173 in one year to resettle refugees that came mostly from Muslim countries. Unlike HHS, the agency redacted information related to what the USCCB charged the government for things like furniture, personnel, equipment and other costs associated with contracts to resettle refugees. Why did one government agency hand over the same types of records that another agency claims are trade secrets? Judicial Watch is challenging the State Department s (b)(4) exemption and will provide updates as they become available.HHS and the State Department work with nine VOLAGs to resettle refugees and the voluntary agencies have hundreds of contractors they like to call  affiliates.  It s a huge racket that costs American taxpayers monstrous sums and Judicial Watch is working to pinpoint the exact amount. Besides BCFS and USCCB, other VOLAGs with lucrative government gigs to resettle refugees are: Church World Service, Ethiopian Community Development Council, Episcopal Migration Ministries, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, International Rescue Committee, U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, Lutheran Immigration Refugee Services and World Relief Corporation.Via: Judicial Watch",0
16078,TESTY SHEILA JACKSON LEE Challenges Trump’s Budget Director: “You’re not a doctor?”…Director: “Are you?” [Video],"Mick Mulvaney is one smart cookie. He s doing a fantastic job cutting where cuts need to be made. Congress will complain about ANY cut to their voter base s favorite item. Listen to the grandstanding from Jackson-Lee on cuts to medicaid:  They are begging for their medicaid The Grandstanding is so sickening!It went downhill from there. Jackson-Lee wanted to try and make Mulvaney out to be an uncaring guy. She s a total bully!HE S ONE SMART COOKE! MULVANEY JUST GAVE DETAILS OF THE BUDGET CUTS IN A FANTASTIC PRESS CONFERENCE. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ENTIRE VIDEO BELOW: Office of Management and Budgets (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney outlines the structure, intents and purposes of the Trump administration Fiscal Year 2018 Budget    The Taxpayers Budget The best part of this great news conference is when a reporter asks about cuts to  climate science programs : At the 17:00 mark Mick Mulvaney rips into the reporter and it s just awesome!We recommend the entire video because you ll see Trump hired one smart cookie! Mick Mulvaney knows the budget and handles the press beautifully!",0
16079,FANTASTIC! TRUMP BUDGET DIRECTOR Rips Into Reporter Questioning EPA Cuts: “We’re not going to do some of the crazy things the past administration did” [Video],"WOW! THIS IS FANTASTIC! WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ENTIRE VIDEO: Office of Management and Budgets (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney outlines the structure, intents and purposes of the Trump administration Fiscal Year 2018 Budget    The Taxpayers Budget The best part of this great news conference is when a reporter asks about cuts to  climate science programs : At the 17:00 mark Mick Mulvaney rips into the reporter and it s just awesome!We recommend the entire video because you ll see Trump hired one smart cookie! Mick Mulvaney knows the budget and handles the press beautifully!",0
16080,BOOM! TREY GOWDY Hammers Ex-CIA Chief [Video],"Trey Gowdy asked a pointed question of former CIA Director Brennan:  Did you have evidence of a connection between the Trump campaign and Russian state actors?  Brennan replied:  As I said, Mr. Gowdy, I don t do evidence. BOOM! ANOTHER EPIC FAIL FOR THE DEEP STATE AS TREY GOWDY MAKES A COMPLETE FOOL OF JOHN BRENNAN:ANOTHER EPIC FAIL For the Resistance as Trey Gowdy makes a complete fool of John BrennanAGAIN, ZERO EVIDENCE Trump Colluded w/ Russia   pic.twitter.com/iCzNaEMT9C   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) May 23, 2017  BRENNAN WAS ASKED BY ADAM SCHIFF AND REPLIED THAT TRUMP NEVER PRESSURED TO HAVE THE FLYNN INVESTIGATION DROPPED: EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. NOT A GOOD DAY FOR POLITICAL HACK JOHN BRENNAN!",0
16081,EX-CIA CHIEF DROPS A TRUTH BOMB: Trump Never Pressured Intelligence Community to Drop Flynn Investigation [VIDEO],"EX-CIA Chief John Brennan testified today before the House today and dropped a bomb of truth that President Trump didn t pressure the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation: Adam Schiff:  With respect to the allegations made recently that the President or his aides may have sought to enlist the member of the IC or Director Comey himself to drop the Flynn investigation, uh have any members of the IC shared with you their concerns that the President was attempting to enlist the help of the people in the intelligence community to drop the Flynn investigation? Brennan:  No, sir. Adam Schiff:  Are you aware of any efforts the President has made who enlist the support of the intelligence community personnel to push back on a narrative involving the collusion issue that Mr. Rooney was asking about? Brennan:  I am unaware of it. ",0
16082,LIVE STREAM: PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Historic Speech To The Muslim World: “Honestly confronting Islamist extremism” [Video],"President Trump is scheduled to deliver a historic speech in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia during the Arab Islamic American Summit. The venue is The King Abdulaziz Conference Center and the scheduled time is approximately 10:00 a.m. EDTThe full speech the president will give should be historic and bold.It s billed as a call to the Muslim world to unite against common enemies and strengthen partnerships. Honestly confronting Islamist extremism Finally!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTw_wMiUGI0President Trump will deliver a great AMERICA FIRST speech that will resonate around the world.SAUDI ARABIA TAKES REAL STEPS TO CONQUER ISIS:Saudi Arabia is taking new steps to counter the messages of Islamic State and other Islamist militant groups online, a senior Saudi official said on Saturday, as U.S. President Donald Trump began a visit to the kingdom.Mohammed al-Issa, secretary-general of the Saudi-based Muslim World League, told reporters the kingdom will open a coordinating center on Sunday in an inauguration ceremony attended by Trump and Saudi King Salman.Saudi Arabia aims to take the fight beyond military action  because we know these groups can only be defeated if we defeat their ideology , he said.Read more: Yahoo ",0
16083,Deputy Attorney General Doubles Down On Comey Memo: “I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it.”,"Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein doubled down today when he told Congress he stands by a memo he wrote that the White House has cited as a justification for the firing last week of FBI Director James Comey.In closed-door meetings with lawmakers on Thursday and Friday, Rosenstein said he wrote the memo after President Donald Trump told him one day before the May 9 firing that he wanted to dismiss Comey. He said that though he was personally fond of Comey,  I thought it was appropriate to seek a new leader. The Justice Department on Friday issued a transcript of Rosenstein s remarks:OPENING STATEMENT:Good afternoon. I welcome the opportunity to discuss my role in the removal of FBI Director James Comey, although I know you understand that I will not discuss the special counsel s ongoing investigation. Most importantly, I want to emphasize my unshakeable commitment to protecting the integrity of every federal criminal investigation. There never has been, and never will be, any political interference in any matter under my supervision in the United States Department of Justice.Before I discuss the events of the past two weeks, I want to provide some background about my previous relationship with former Director Comey. I have known Jim Comey since approximately 2002. In 2005, when Mr. Comey was Deputy Attorney General, he participated in selecting me to serve as a U.S. Attorney. As a federal prosecutor, he was a role model. His speeches about leadership and public service inspired me.On July 5, 2016, Director Comey held his press conference concerning the federal grand jury investigation of Secretary Clinton s emails. At the start of the press conference, the Director stated that he had  not coordinated or reviewed this statement in any way with the Department of Justice . They do not know what I am about to say. Director Comey went on to declare that he would publicly disclose  what we did; what we found; and what we are recommending to the Department of Justice.  He proceeded to disclose details about the evidence; assert that the American people  deserve  to know details; declare that no  reasonable  prosecutor would file charges; and criticize Secretary Clinton.I thought the July 5 press conference was profoundly wrong and unfair both to the Department of Justice and Secretary Clinton. It explicitly usurped the role of the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General and the entire Department of Justice; it violated deeply engrained rules and traditions; and it guaranteed that some people would accuse the FBI of interfering in the election.There are lawful and appropriate mechanisms to deal with unusual circumstances in which public confidence in the rule of law may be jeopardized. Such mechanisms preserve the traditional balance of power between investigators and prosecutors, and protect the rights of citizens.Director Comey attended the Maryland U.S. Attorney s Office training seminar on October 27, 2016, and gave a detailed explanation of his reasons for making public statements about the conclusion of the Secretary Clinton email investigation. I strongly disagreed with his analysis, but I believe that he made his decisions in good faith.The next day, October 28, Mr. Comey sent his letter to the Congress announcing that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation. He subsequently has said that he believed he was obligated to send the letter. I completely disagree. He again usurped the authority of the Department of Justice, by sending the letter over the objection of the Department of Justice; flouted rules and deeply engrained traditions; and guaranteed that some people would accuse the FBI of interfering in the election.Before the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 3, 2017, Director Comey testified under oath about his public statements concerning the Secretary Clinton email investigation. I strongly disagreed with his explanations, particularly his assertion that maintaining confidentiality about criminal investigations constitutes concealment. Nonetheless, I respected him personally.Former Department of Justice officials from both political parties have criticized Director Comey s decisions. It was not just an isolated mistake; the series of public statements about the email investigation, in my opinion, departed from the proper role of the FBI Director and damaged public confidence in the Bureau and the Department.In one of my first meetings with then-Senator Jeff Sessions last winter, we discussed the need for new leadership at the FBI. Among the concerns that I recall were to restore the credibility of the FBI, respect the established authority of the Department of Justice, limit public statements and eliminate leaks.On May 8, I learned that President Trump intended to remove Director Comey and sought my advice and input. Notwithstanding my personal affection for Director Comey, I thought it was appropriate to seek a new leader.I wrote a brief memorandum to the Attorney General summarizing my longstanding concerns about Director Comey s public statements concerning the Secretary Clinton email investigation.I chose the issues to include in my memorandum.Before finalizing the memorandum on May 9, I asked a senior career attorney on my staff to review it. That attorney is an ethics expert who has worked in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General during multiple administrations. He was familiar with the issues. I informed the senior attorney that the President was going to remove Director Comey, that I was writing a memorandum to the Attorney General summarizing my own concerns, and that I wanted to confirm that everything in my memorandum was accurate. He concurred with the points raised in my memorandum. I also asked several other career Department attorneys to review the memorandum and provide edits.My memorandum is not a legal brief; these are not issues of law.My memorandum is not a finding of official misconduct; the Inspector General will render his judgment about that issue in due course.My memorandum is not a statement of reasons to justify a for-cause termination.My memorandum is not a survey of FBI morale or performance.My memorandum is not a press release.It is a candid internal memorandum about the FBI Director s public statements concerning a high-profile criminal investigation.I sent my signed memorandum to the Attorney General after noon on Tuesday, May 9.I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it.Finally, I want to address the media claims that the FBI asked for additional resources for the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. I am not aware of any such request. Moreover, I consulted my staff and Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, and none of them recalls such a request.END OF TRANSCRIPTThe White House has struggled since Comey s firing to explain the chain of events that led to it and who exactly made the decision. Trump said as recently as Thursday that he acted on a  very strong  recommendation from Rosenstein, but Rosenstein made it clear to Congress that he drafted his memo only after Trump told him of his plans to dismiss the FBI director.He said he did not intend for the document to be a finding of misconduct or a  statement of reasons  to justify the firing, but he added:  I wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it. Via: NBC Chicago",0
16084,BOOM! SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM: I Have Reason to Believe Clinton Camp and DOJ Colluded on Hillary Investigation [Video],"Senator Lindsey Graham:  I have reason to believe DNC, Hillary & DOJ Colluded on Hillary email Investigation. So lets get to the bottom of THAT! We should focus on the DOJ and the other intel agencies being politicized causing their efforts to get to the truth to be compromised.Think back on the  chance  meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on the tarmac. Lynch compromised herself when she lied about the reason for their meeting. Yes, she lied. Anyone who thinks they just say on the tarmac and talked about grandkids is a total idiot. There is no way they didn t discuss things about the email investigation into Hillary.Don t forget about the emails from Wikileaks and all of the back and forth about the email investigation.",0
16085,BOOM! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: The ONLY Crime Committed “Senators were under surveillance by Obama administration” [Video],"This is one of the best accounts we ve seen of who REALLY committed a crime in all of this craziness. Judge Napolitano is dead on with his assessment of the unmasking for political reasons: Were senators under surveillance by Obama administration? Rand Paul and other Senators were under surveillance for political purposes according to Senator Paul. The unmasking using the name that was unmasked for political reasons is a FELONY. The principal unmasker is Susan Rice so Susan Rice needs to be dealt with. Did she unmask illegally and for political purposes?Senator Rand Paul talks about FBI Director James Comey being fired by President Donald Trump. Paul believes Comey should have been fired a long time ago for some major missteps during his tenure including the terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida. Paul also talks about Susan Rice unmasking Innocent Americans and spying on them, the Obama administration spying on Donald Trump and other Republicans.",0
16086,WOW! DEMOCRAT DENNIS KUCUNICH WARNS: Deep State Is Trying to Take Down The President – It Needs to Stop,Deep State Is Trying to Take Down a President   It Needs to Stop   Dennis Kucinich goes there and tells Sean Hannity that the deep state is trying to destroy America as we know it. This man is a Democrat who is brave enough to speak out!  You have a politicization of the agencies. That is resulting in leaks from anonymous unknown people and the intention is to take down a president.This is very dangerous to America.It is a threat to our republic. It constitutes a clear and present danger to our way of life.What is the motive of these people? Who s putting these leaks out? Why isn t somebody coming forward to make that charge and put their name and their reputation behind it instead of attacking through the media and not substantiating their position? ,0
16087,BREAKING: FORMER FBI DIRECTOR Appointed By Jeff Session’s DOJ For “Russia Probe”,"PRESIDENT TRUMP JUST PUT THIS TO BED! The leakers are hopefully going to be exposed now (see statement below) that the DOJ has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller III as special counsel to its investigation into possible Russian interference in our presidential election. The Wall Street Journal reported:Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced the appointment because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any investigation related to the 2016 race. Mr. Rosenstein said in a statement that  I determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a Special Counsel to assume responsibility of this matter.  He cautioned that his decision wasn t the result of a  finding that crimes have been committed or that any prosecution is warranted. He signed the order on Wednesday. Mr. Mueller, a former federal prosecutor, served as FBI director from 2001 through 2013 and has a reputation for independence. Mr. Mueller has been a partner a WilmerHale, a law firm, but is stepping down from his role there to avoid any conflicts of interest, according to the Justice Department.NOTICE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT STATEMENT states that they will investigate  related matters  which opens up a can of worms for the leakers. They will now be fair game! The President released a statement:",0
16088,LEGAL EXPERT JONATHAN TURLEY Shoots Down Joe Scarborough’s Case Against Trump: “Not obstruction” [Video],"Legal Expert Jonathan Turley listened as Joe Scarborough laid out a lengthy timeline to make a case of obstruction on President Trump. His response is awesome and very precise in its reasons for not recommending obstruction charges. Turley is a Democrat but is a very fair legal expert who rules according to the law how refreshing! While the left freaks out about nothing, the people like Turley who are REALLY qualified to judge this are saying it s a nothingburger. We don t even have evidence of wrongdoing but talk of impeachment is all over the place.Please sit back, relax and listen to the voice of reason Professor Jonathan Turley: There was  ample reason  to fire Sally Yates when, as acting Attorney General, she instructed the Department of Justice not to enforce President Trump s executive order on immigration.  Obstruction of justice requires that you act to obstruct or interfere usually with a judicial or congressional proceeding, neither of which was pending at this time.   You also tend to show it was done for a corrupt, or corruptly, to use the statutory term. This doesn t meet the usual definition of that. ",0
16089,CNN Liberal Anchor Freaks Out At Navy SEAL When He Asks For TRUTH….You Won’t Believe The Reaction! [Video],"A Navy SEAL Carl Higbie was blasted and screeched at by a CNN anchor who was shocked that Higbie asked for more evidence and truth in the Trump controversy. Yikes! She s got snowflake written all over her. It s just how the left rolls you have to march in lock-step with what they believe to be true even if it s not true. Just go with it, right? We say NOT RIGHT!Shouldn t we ask that sources be exposed? Anyone can say they know the truth but when they hide behind anonymity, they ruin their credibility. The left just expects everyone to believe the many lies they ve been telling about President Trump. We re with Carl! We re not accepting any  stories  against Trump until we have proof and know the source.This woman needs to seek help!",0
16090,HANNITY AND TUCKER CARLSON: THE 5 MAJOR FORCES Aligned To Take Down President Trump [Video],"Sean Hannity and Tucker Carlson went after the deep state with commentary on who they believe is trying to harm Trump: Five entities in government and the media are trying to cripple the Trump administration. The leaks are also putting our National Security at risk. This is not just fun and games politics anymore. This is the deep state at war with a sitting president!The destroy Trump propaganda media, the Washington deep state, Democrats, establishment Republicans and never Trumpers are now working together in an unprecedented attack against a sitting president Sean Hannity:Tucker Carlson:",0
16091,BRILLIANT! LT COL TONY SHAFFER: How Trump Should Fight Back Against “Deep State” [Video],"Former CIA analyst and retired U.S. Army Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer told Lou Dobbs on Tuesday President Trump needs to understand deep state has declared war against his administration.   He needs to fire top two levels in intelligence to clean house.THE DEEP STATE:Never in American history has there been a more highly organized group of people, the  deep state , attempting to subvert the will of the American people, in this case, the Trump presidency. Peter Schweizer discusses the efforts of the  deep state , their conspiracy campaign against Donald Trump and its  potential impact on President Trump s administration.",0
16092,DETECTIVE ON SETH RICH Murder Mystery Drops Shocking News [Video],"Rod Wheeler was on Hannity last night with startling information on the Seth Rich murder mystery. He spoke about the mystery of why they can t locate the computer Rich used. They went on to discuss clues in the case that point to collusion between the DC police and the DNC. The most shocking information comes at the 4:20 mark when Wheeler says this:Rod Wheeler:  Here s one other thing that is going to be startling I m just gonna say this right now. I reached out to the police department way back in March when the family first hired me right..to get involved. I didn t hear anything from the police department for 2-3 days.Guess what I learned yesterday from the family of Seth Rich? The police department did not call me back because someone, a high ranking official at the DNC check this out a high ranking official at the DNC when I called the police department, they got that information and called the Rich family wanting to know, why was I snooping around? The plot thickens in this case. Will we finally find the murderer of this young man and who is behind it?IN CASE YOU HAVEN T SEEN UPDATES ON THIS CASE:CONFIRMED BOMBSHELL: SETH RICH Sent Over 44,000 DNC Emails To Journalist, Best Friend Of Wikileaks Founder DC Police Officer Claims They Were Told To  Stand Down  On Case [VIDEO]Wow! The private investigator hired by the Rich family to look into the death of 27-year old murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich just revealed some stunning evidence. It s been confirmed that over 44,000 emails and over 17,000 attachments were sent to the now deceased investigative journalist and best friend of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. Now that this new information has been made available to the public, will the media be asking Hillary or the DNC any questions about their involvement in Rich s death? Will the DOJ be opening an investigation into his death in light of this new stunning evidence? What about the alleged Russian hack of the DNC emails that the media tried to tie to President Trump?Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich s death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right.Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich s laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death.Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that.Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming,  said Wheeler.  They haven t been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said,  Absolutely. Yeah. That s confirmed. Wheeler also told us,  I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said,  Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you.  Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor s office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday].The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News.A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time.  FOX5DCHere is the tweet announcing the death of Gavin MacFayden only weeks before the U.S. presidential election:Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.The revelation is consistent with the findings of Rod Wheeler, a former DC homicide detective and Fox News contributor and whose private investigation firm was hired by Rich s family to probe the case. Rich was shot from behind in the wee hours, but was not robbed. My investigation up to this point shows there was some degree of email exchange between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,  Wheeler said.  I do believe that the answers to who murdered Seth Rich sits on his computer on a shelf at the DC police or FBI headquarters. The federal investigator, who requested anonymity, said 44,053 emails and 17,761 attachments between Democratic National Committee leaders, spanning from January 2015 through late May 2016, were transferred from Rich to MacFadyen before May 21.   FOX NewsWe reported on this story extensively. Here are some of our stunning findings over the past 10 months. It s pretty stunning that it took so long to find out about the e-mails on Rich s laptop: Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.",0
16093,UPDATE: UNDER PRESSURE? MISS USA Just Flip Flopped On Healthcare [VIDEO],"The glowing review we gave to Miss USA Kara McCullough must be revoked Bummer!She was our hero when she defended liberty from the liberals who believe healthcare is not a right but a privilege. Liberals wasted no time exploding in rage, seeing it as an intolerable betrayal of their ideology by someone who had an advantage in the pursuit of her crown due to political correctness. Today we see this: I am privileged to have health care. I do believe it should be a right.   @MissUSA 2017 K ra McCullough  clarifies  response. #MissUSA pic.twitter.com/QCc7irmmmq  Good Morning America (@GMA) May 16, 2017If healthcare is to be a  right for all worldwide,  you had better open up your wallet. Places like Uganda cannot be provided with modern healthcare on a coercive basis at the national level. Socialism has always been globalist in its redistributive aspirations.Hot Air says maybe she really is clarifying rather than reversing what she actually meant:Her answer on Sunday night   wasn t all that coherent ( to all the American citizens worldwide ?). She may have heard the word  privilege  and, in the stress of the moment, processed it not in the legal sense but in the colloquial sense, as a synonym for gratitude for one s good fortune. E.g., it s a privilege to be a citizen of the greatest country in the world, I m privileged to have a wonderfully supportive family, what a privilege to have good medical care through your job, etc. A pageant contestant wants to project graciousness, so that s what she did.Or maybe she was taken to the woodshed for an attitude adjustment, and came back a commie.Via: moonbattery",0
16094,WATCH THIS DEMOCRAT Call For Trump’s Impeachment With No Credible Reason Why [Video],"Spewing falsehoods has become the favorite pastime of Democrats It s really pitiful to watch  Last night, following the release of the Washington Post fake news on Trump and Russia, several videos immediately came out repeating the same fake news. It s uncanny that the media could be so coordinated in their reports on President Trump Of course, we believe there s something to that.Two  Congresscritters  have come out to call for the impeachment of President Trump .With ZERO evidence of ANY wrongdoing, it s laughable One of our favorites is Maxine Waters but this next Congressman runs a close second. Al Green claims Trump was  hobnobbing  with the Russians Haha!Congressman Al Green just released a statement on why he believes President Trump should be impeached. This statement is laughable. Was Al Green elected because of his name? Voters can be that way, ya know This guy is the definition of clueless! Who elects these brainiacs?Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has suggested impeachment during TV interviews, but Green is the first member of Congress to formally call for impeachment hearings.Green said Trump s own public statements showed he fired Comey over the Russia investigation, which he said was grounds for impeachment:Waters and Green are a total joke! These are just two of the jokers running Washington. This is truly scary.",0
16095,BREAKING! H.R. MCMASTER Explains Why Washington Post Hit Piece On Trump Was Fake News [Video],"The National Security Advisor held a press conference to reconfirm that the Washington Post article is FAKE NEWS.It s most disturbing that there are leaks within the White House after meetings with foreign dignitaries. Undermining the credibility of the president is happening daily and is NOT GOOD! Hopefully, they can connect the dots to get to the bottom of who leaked this information from the meeting with the Russians. What the president shared was wholly appropriate the president in no way compromised national security    National Security Advisor HJ McMasterThe big question should be who leaked the information to the press or did someone leak?McMaster:  What the president discussed with the foreign minister was wholly appropriate to that conversation  pic.twitter.com/8tUhnWjGev  POLITICO (@politico) May 16, 2017H. R. McMaster:  I stand by my statement that I made yesterday. What I m saying is really that the premise of that article is false.  pic.twitter.com/jgROmM5T72  CSPAN (@cspan) May 16, 2017The president did not discuss a classified  code word  with the Russians Period",0
16096,TUCKER CARLSON Confronts Nasty Activist: “I’m not saying what you did is illegal…it’s awful” [Video],"Tucker takes on the co-director of Popular Resistance, and asks him whether he advocates violence, whether he would like political foes to show up at is house and threaten him? Political resistance advocates violence as a tactic to get their way much like a toddler has a temper tantrum. Tucker Carlson debates the leader of a group that thinks it s ok to go to the FCC Chairman s house to protest. Does this cross the line? We believe it does!The Chairman of the FCC is a Republican and is such a great choice! No matter who he is, we still believe it s wrong on a moral level to do what these people are doing. Shame on them!CURRENT FCC CHAIRMAN AJIT PAI STOOD UP TO THE OTHER COMMISSIONERS WHEN THEY WERE TOLD NOT TO RELEASE INFORMATION ON FRAUD IN THE LIFELINE PROGRAM:TYRANNY: Obamaphone Fraud Kept Under Wraps Until Vote To Expand ProgramFederal regulators were instructed to keep a massive fraud investigation under wraps until a day after a controversial vote to expand a program that was allegedly used to bilk taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars, one those regulators claims.The Federal Communications Commission on Friday announced that it would seek $51 million in damages from a cell phone company that allegedly defrauded the federal Lifeline program of nearly $10 million.The commission s five members unanimously backed the Notice of Apparent Liability (NAL), but Republican commissioner Ajit Pai parted from his colleagues in a partial dissent. According to Pai, he and other commissioners were told not to reveal the details of its investigation until April 1, a day after the FCC voted to expand the Lifeline program. Commissioners were told that the Notice of Apparent Liability could not be released or publicly discussed until April 1, 2016, conveniently one day after the Commission was scheduled to expand the Lifeline program to broadband,  Pai wrote.  That s not right. Pai did not say who issued that directive. However, it had the effect of preventing public knowledge of widespread fraud in the Lifeline program ahead of a contentious vote on expanding it despite persisting concerns about a lack of internal safeguards.FCC spokesman Will Wiquist insisted that the timing was completely coincidental.  The timing of the enforcement action was in no way related to the timing of the vote on the program modernization,  he said in an email.IF YOU BELIEVE WIQUIST, WE HAVE SWAMPLAND IN FLORIDA TO SELL YOU!",0
16097,NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR Calls Out Liberal Press For FAKE NEWS: “The story…is false” [Video],"The Washington Post just got called out BIG TIME on a fake story they published This is a screenshot of the article:THE BIG LIE FROM WASHINGTON POST: President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State.The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said.They tried to discredit President Trump in his dealings with Russia by saying President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russians .NOT TRUE! They got caught and then called out by the Trump administration s National Security Advisor.This is awesome:National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster made a statement saying,  The story that came out tonight, as reported, is false. Natl Security Adviser McMaster made a statement denying a report that @POTUS revealed classified info to Russia. https://t.co/LB3P3BgT10 pic.twitter.com/gRNcLlZNvC  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 15, 2017",0
16098,WOW! WOMAN TOTALLY FREAKS OUT At Sight Of Confederate Flag In Store…REAL OR FAKE OUTRAGE? [Video],"WHAT NOT TO DO IS PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING THIS NUTJOB DID:1. Do not angrily confront anyone with children in tow Franklin claims to be terrified of these men and yet she aggressively confronts them and films them while hurling insults at them. She thinks they are  racists  and people who support  hate symbols,  which leads one to believe she also thinks they are capable of great violence. Would you provoke violent racists while you have your children with you? I wouldn t. So either she s incredibly stupid or she knows these men aren t dangerous at all and what she is doing is meant to intimidate and shame them. (Let s also acknowledge that it can t possibly be good for children to hear their mother sobbing and freaking out while she does absolutely nothing to reassure them. It s hard to watch.)2. Don t lie about things that are verifiably untrue When faking a hate hoax, make sure you edit out the parts of the video that prove you re a liar. She lied about several things. First, she lied about the Confederate flags  hanging on the wall.  You ll notice that in the video you can t see any flags. That s because there weren t any on the wall like Franklin claimed. She might have gotten away with it if she hadn t taken a picture of the flags and posted them on her Facebook page for anyone to see. Here is the  flag  she claims was displayed on the wall: It it not a flag and it is not hanging on the wall. It s a rug that is hanging in a rug rack with other rugs and it s buried in the middle where she would have had to dig through them to find it. Then she lied about what the men said to her. We can clearly hear the man call her a  bit*h.  But when she describes what happens to her to a bystander, she decides to make it sound worse by saying he called her a  f***ing bit*h.  She also adds that they followed her around, which also doesn t appear true when watching the video she made.Then she lies about the man in the parking lot  approaching  her! Clearly, the man is filming her from about 50 feet away while standing absolutely still. He only moves once when she dares him not to come any closer and sarcastically takes one giant step forward like he s playing Simon Says. It s hilarious. This triggers the next mentally unstable reaction from the SJW.3. If you can t muster real tears, don t bother Her out-of-control response and fake crying are Razzie-worthy. She s so  terrified  and scared for her life that she remembers to turn the camera around so we can all see her dry cheeks as she wails uncontrollably at an ear-splitting frequency. Then, when a good Samaritan comes over to assist her, she continues her bad acting and fake sobbing while her nose grows on camera as she starts recounting a bunch of stuff that didn t happen, proving once again that SJWs always lie.Via: PJMedia",0
16099,JUDGE NAPOLITANO Drops A Bomb About Obama’s Surveillance [Video],Judge Napolitano spoke out today about the  unmasking  of people in government by Obama. He began to discuss allegations Senator Rand Paul and another senator were under surveillance by the Obama administration but dropped a bomb on the Obama administration spying on the US Supreme Court.Judge Napolitano: Justice Scalia told me that he often thought the court was being surveilled. And he told me that probably four or five years ago If they had to unmask Senator Paul s name to reveal a conversation he was having with a foreign agent and the foreign agent was hostile to the United States they can do that. That s not what he s talking about. They re talking about unmasking him when he s having a conversation with his campaign manager when he s running in the Republican primary.During the discussion Judge Napolitano also said Barack Obama could be subpoenaed to testify if he viewed the unmasked intelligence.,0
16100,N. KOREA’S LATEST MISSILE LAUNCH Aimed At Testing Carrying “Large Scale Heavy Nuclear Warhead”,"North Korea said on Monday it had successfully conducted a newly developed mid-to-long range missile test on Sunday, supervised by leader Kim Jong Un and aimed at verifying the capability to carry a  large scale heavy nuclear warhead. Kim accused the United States of  browbeating  countries that  have no nukes  and warned Washington not to misjudge the reality that its mainland is in the North s  sighting range for strike,  the North s official KCNA news agency reported.The North fired a ballistic missile that landed in the sea near Russia on Sunday in a launch that Washington called a message to South Korea, days after its new president took office pledging to engage Pyongyang in dialogue.The missile was launched at the highest angle so as not to affect the security of neighboring countries and flew 787 kilometers (490 miles) reaching an altitude of 2,111.5 kilometers (1,312 miles), KCNA said.Experts said the altitude reached by the missile tested on Sunday meant it was launched at a high trajectory, which would limit the lateral distance it traveled. But if it was fired at a standard trajectory, it would have a range of at least 4,000 km (2,500 miles), experts said. The test-fire aimed at verifying the tactical and technological specifications of the newly developed ballistic rocket capable of carrying a large-size heavy nuclear warhead,  KCNA said. North Korea is believed to be developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and reaching the mainland United States.The U.S. military s Pacific Command said the type of missile that was fired was  not consistent with an intercontinental ballistic missile .The United Nations Security Council is due to meet on Tuesday to discuss North Korea s latest missile launch, diplomats said on Sunday, which was requested by the United States and allies South Korea and Japan.U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called the launch a message by Pyongyang to South Korea after the election of President Moon Jae-in, who took office on Wednesday.The report on the missile s flight was largely consistent with South Korean and Japanese assessments on Sunday that it flew 700 km (435 miles)and reached an altitude of more than 2,000 km (1,243 miles), which is further and higher than an intermediate-range missile tested in February from the same region, northwest of Pyongyang. North Korea s latest successful missile test represents a level of performance never before seen from a North Korean missile,  Washington-based monitoring project, 38 North, said in an analysis issued on Sunday. It appears to have not only demonstrated an intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM) that might enable them to reliably strike the U.S. base at Guam, but more importantly, may represent a substantial advance to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM),  it said.For entire story  REUTERS",0
16101,STUNNING: OBAMA PREACHES Value Of Communism To Italian Audience [Video],"STUNNING! Former US Pres. Obama was at the International Summit of Food Innovation in Milan. May 9. 2017 It s called SEEDS AND CHIPS but should be called THE BASICS OF COMMUNISM BY BARACK OBAMAYou might not want to listen to the entire video but it is truly stunning to listen to the elitist globalist vision for controlling the masses. This is where we re heading if the people don t recognize this and rise up to fight it. This is why the left hates Trump! the shadow government wants control and will do everything it can to continue ruling. Obama and his cronies are dangerous to us all. We hope you ll listen to the entire video or at least the point beginning with 44:36:Please go to the 44:36 point of the video: Obama speaks and then notice the clapping after his comments   these elitist lefties are nutso!OBAMA PRAISING THE INHERENT VALUE OF COMMUNISM: This is a much bigger concern in the economy as a whole. And my guess is that ultimately what is going to happen is that everybody is going to have to work less and we re going to have to spread work more.But that is going to require a reorganization of the social compact. That requires we change our mindset about the link between work, income and value of people in the teaching profession, or in healthcare, or in certain things that cannot be done by AI or a robot.How do we prepare for that? And how do we start creating, or at least having a conversation within our society about making sure that work and opportunities are spread; and that everybody has the chance to live a good and fulfilling life?Rather than having a few people who are working 80 to 90 hours a week and making enormous incomes; and then a large portion of redundant workers that increasingly have difficult time supporting families. That s not a sustainable mechanism for democracy and a healthy society.The end of the stunning comments is 46:40 of video",0
16102,FOUR CANDIDATES FOR FBI DIRECTOR Interviewed Today…One Is A Clinton Crony!,"Four candidates for FBI Director are being interviewed today. It looks like President Trump is going for candidates who are apolitical. John Cornyn would be the only exception to the group interviewing. Why the Texas Republican Senator?The remaining three are:Alice Fisher -lawyerMichael Garcia   judgeAndrew McCabe   Assistant FBI Director (ACTING DIRECTOR)We re hoping the Assistant FBI Director is being granted an interview out of courtesy and appearances. He should be fired!McCabe is under investigation and is a HUGE Clinton crony! The list of reasons NOT to give him the job are a mile long!A FEW OF OUR PAST REPORTS ON MCCABE:REPUBLICAN TURNS TABLES ON FBI: Deputy Director On The Hot Seat NowBREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500BREAKING: SECRET RECORDINGS About Clinton Foundation Caused Hostility, In-Fighting Between FBI AgentsTHE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT INTERVIEWS FOUR CANDIDATES TODAY:The Justice Department is interviewing four candidates on Saturday for the permanent position of FBI director, an administration official with knowledge of the vetting process confirmed.The candidates include the current acting director, a sitting congressman, a New York judge, and a former top Justice Department official during the George W. Bush administration. News reports throughout the day Friday cited as many as 11 people under consideration for the position.Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein plan to interview four candidates at the Justice Department on Saturday afternoon but it was unclear whether additional interviews might take place at a later date.According to the administration official, the four candidates being interviewed Saturday are Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe; Sen. John Cornyn, Texas Republican the Senate majority whip; Judge Michael Garcia, an associate judge at the New York Court of Appeals; and Alice Fisher, an attorney at Latham and Watkins law firm in Washington, D.C., and a former assistant attorney general for the Justice Department s criminal division.President Trump abruptly fired former FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, and Mr. McCabe was appointed to fill the role on an acting basis.Via: WT",0
16103,FURIOUS FBI Agents Speak Out On Clinton Email Case: “We didn’t search their house. We always search the house.”,"FBI Agents are coming forward now to voice their frustrations and concerns about FBI Director James Comey s inept policing of the FBI. Specifically, the Clinton email investigation was held up by Comey standing in the way. One of the specifics of the investigation that hindered it was that the Clinton house was never searched. The FBI always does a search of a household in an investigation. The New York FBI agents working the case were livid at the stonewalling in the Clinton case. FBI agents are now lawyering up and speaking up to tell what they know This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have convened but was not. That is appalling,  an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision.  We talk about it in the office and don t know how Comey can keep going. DID ANYONE ELSE THINK THIS EXACT SAME THING:The agent was also surprised that the bureau did not bother to search Clinton s house during the investigation. We didn t search their house. We always search the house. The search should not just have been for private electronics, which contained classified material, but even for printouts of such material,  he said. There should have been a complete search of their residence,  the agent pointed out.  That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable. The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire. Another special agent for the bureau that worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by Comey s saying:  we  and  I ve been an investigator. The idea that the Clinton/e-mail case didn t go to a grand jury is ridiculous. According to Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova, more FBI agents will be talking about the problems at bureau and specifically the handling of the Clinton case by Comey when Congress comes back into session and decides to force them to testify by subpoena. People are starting to talk. They re calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked to day to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away. The most important thing of all is that the agents have decided that they are going to talk. Read more: Daily Caller",0
16104,FORMER JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL On Why Comey Was Fired: “You never do that.”," Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp    former Justice Department official Victoria ToensingVictoria Toensing and her husband Joe diGenova are two well respected lawyers in DC. Because of their closeness to the intel community, Toensing has the inside scoop and held nothing back during an interview about whether Comey should have been fired:While the media and politicians from both parties look for deeper reasons for President Trump s firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, a former Justice Department official says the decision was long overdue and needed for obvious reasons. It just came too late, 109 days too late. Those of us in the swamp knew who the alligators were in the swamp and we all tried to warn the White House, and they didn t listen to us,  said Toensing, who also served as a federal prosecutor.And why did they implore President Trump to fire him? Comey was a narcissist,  she said.  It was all about Comey, and he delighted in wanting to bring down powerful people if they were Republicans. On Tuesday, the Trump administration released its rationale for the Comey firing, focusing on his public announcement that no charges should be filed against Hillary Clinton in the wake of the FBI probe into her use of a private, unsecured server through which she sent and received classified information while she served as secretary of state.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein accused Comey of usurping the authority of the attorney general in making such a pronouncement and for exposing Clinton s misdeeds when he was effectively closing the investigation.But Toensing said Comey made far more mistakes, starting with his repeated misstating of the statute in question. Comey insisted that intent to break the law was required to bring charges, while gross negligence is the standard laid out in federal law. She also savaged Comey for refusing to impanel a grand jury to probe Clinton and for allowing the same attorney to represent multiple witnesses in the case. That s called a conflict of interest, because that lawyer can get all of her clients together and they can all read from the same music,  she explained.  You never do that. Toensing is also dismissing the intense reaction from Democrats, who she said are now appalled after calling for Comey s head for months. She said the idea that Trump fired Comey because of the ongoing Russia investigation is ridiculous, and so are any comparisons to Richard Nixon s  Saturday Night Massacre. In Watergate, there was a crime. There was a burglary. There was a break-in. What s the crime here? What s the crime? Do we have a crime? No, there s no crime,  said Toensing, noting that Russian involvement in U.S. elections is nothing new. Read more: wnd",0
16105,CBS Reporter Asks Putin How Comey’s Firing Will Affect Russia…His Answer Is PRICELESS! [VIDEO],"Russian President Vladimir Putin got sassy with the press when he was approached by a reporter and asked about Comey: What do we have to do with it? I m off to play hockey with my fans    Putin s answer when asked how Comey s firing will affect Russia PRICELESS!HAHAHA #Putin reacts to #ComeyFiring What do we have to do with it? I m off to play hockey with my fans #RussiaInvestigation pic.twitter.com/jLEe6Qw8Uu  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) May 10, 2017THIS ISN T THE FIRST TIME PUTIN S GOTTEN SASSY WITH THE PRESS: PUTIN Steals Famous President Bush Quote In Forceful Denial Of Russian Interference In U.S. ElectionsRussian President Vladimir Putin has denied interfering in the U.S. elections, and he did it by using a famous quote from a U.S. president. Watch my lips, no,  Putin said.The Russian strongman made the claim when asked point-blank whether Russia had interfered and whether any evidence to the contrary would get found.He invoked former President Reagan, although the  Read my lips  quote was actually used by his successor, George H.W. Bush, speaking at a CNBC event on Arctic issues.Putin said claims of Russian interference were  lies  used for  domestic American politics.All those things are fictional, illusory and provocations, lies,  Putin continued. All these are used for domestic American political agendas. The anti-Russian card is played by different political forces inside the United States to trade on that and consolidate their positions inside. Then he delivered a friendly message to U.S. audiences.  We said on numerous occasions and I reiterate that we are confident   And know for sure that opinion polls in the Unites States show that very many people are   friendly towards the Russian Federation and I d like to tell these people that we perceive and regard the United States as a great power with which we want to establish good partnership relations. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday in an interview with CBS News,  We all knew Russia was trying to meddle with our election. And we already know right now they re trying to do it with other countries. Ryan continued:  The world s super power, the American government needs to do everything we possibly can, not only to undercut what they re trying to do but to uncover what they re trying to do and help our allies prevent it from happening.  Putin also said Thursday he is ready to meet with Trump if Finland hosts an Arctic summit. Finland is set to take over the rotating leadership of the Arctic Council.For entire story: Daily Mail",0
16106,SURREAL: Lone Venezuelan Man Plays Violin Amidst Tear Gas and Molotov Cocktails During Riot [Video],"This is so sad and such a lesson for the world Venezuela is tumbling into chaos and violence because of the collapse of their socialist government. Riots and tear gas are daily occurrences now A lone young man was filmed playing the violin right in the middle of a riot where tear gas was being thrown in the foreground. This is the definition of surreal The sound of a sole violin pierces the air. A young man, wearing a helmet painted with his country s flag, braces the instrument under his chin and confidently draws a bow over its strings https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq7obYQz8X0Our reports on Venezuela are heartbreaking: How bad is it in Venezuela? People are eating one meal a day and the government is doing its best to cover up the humanitarian crisis. We know about the toilet paper shortage but a food shortage is horrific. The lines for pretty much everything have been very long. There s a shortage of everything. The bottom line is that SOCIALISM SUCKS!WHY THINGS KEEP GETTING WORSE IN VENEZUELA:",0
16107,BOOM! KELLYANNE CONWAY Schools CNN’s Anderson Cooper On The Comey Firing [Video],"Kellyanne Conway went at it with Anderson Cooper and came out on top when she basically schooled Cooper on the chain of command in government. The facts make no sense to him because he s in denial. Conway said Trump s decision to fire James Comey had nothing to do with the FBI s investigation into Russian interference in the presidential election. She goes on to explain to Cooper that the letter recommending that Comey be fired was sent to President Trump. Was Trump supposed to then deny the Assistant Attorney General s decision? It s good to note that the Assistant AG was just confirmed by over 90% of the Senate. He s a bipartisan choice and a well respected man who came into his position under AG Jeff Sessions just two weeks ago. The letter sent to Trump summarized the numerous things that prove the case for the recommendation of firing Comey. TRUMP DID NOT DO THIS ALONE But you have the fake news media beating the RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA drums over and over.Watch how Kellyanne Conway runs circles around Anderson Cooper while Cooper just keeps coming back to the Russia scenario: It s not a cover up. The president makes it very clear in his letter. Comey assured him he s not under investigation. I think you re looking at wrong set of facts here. You re going back to the campaign. This man is president of the United States. He acted decisively today. You want this to be about Russia when this is about restoring public confidence in the FBI The FBI director reports to deputy attorney general, the deputy attorney general reports to the attorney general and the attorney general reports to the president of the United States. This has nothing to do with Russia. It has everything to do with whether the current FBI director has the president s confidence and can faithfully and capably execute his duties. ",0
16108,TUCKER ON COMEY’S FIRING: “Dictatorship by the unelected…that’s the REAL danger” [Video],TUCKER CARLSON Spoke out tonight on the firing of Comey He listed different times that Comey was inept or undermined the president. Clip after clip showed Comey s inability to keep politics out of the FBI Note the investigation into Hillary Clinton.Carlson says the firing was  long overdue  and that no one should have that much power .,0
16109,LOU DOBBS: SEAN SPICER On Trump Firing Comey [Video],White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer appeared on Lou Dobbs tonight to give the first set of explanatory points around the President s decision to fire FBI Director James Comey:,0
16110,BREAKING: YOU’RE FIRED! FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY OUT!,"Wow! This is clearly something the White House prepared for because they had a packet of information available for the press to look over.Deputy AG Rosentein sent out an email with information regarding Comey s gaffes. Then this The White House released a statement confirming the dismissal of FBI Director James Comey:All we can say about this is   It s about time!Comey had 7 years left in his 10 year tenure at the FBI.AG jeff Sessions recommended this firing The White House announced Tuesday afternoon that FBI Director James Comey was fired. Today, President Donald J. Trump informed FBI Director James Comey that he has been terminated and removed from office,  White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement.  President Trump acted based on the clear recommendations of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. PRESIDENT TRUMP S LETTER: The search for a new director will begin immediately, Spicer added. The FBI is one of our nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,  Trump said in the statement.VIA: BUSINESS INSIDER",0
16111,‘Who Appointed You to the Supreme Court?’: Senator DESTROYS Yates For Defying Trump Travel Ban [Video],"Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was grilled about her refusal to defend the president s travel executive order She made huge mistake by assuming what Trump said during the campaign could be admissible in court IT CAN T!In a hearing centered on Russian interference in the election, one senator took the opportunity to question the former attorney general who was fired for refusing to defend President Trump s travel ban.Senator John Kennedy (R-Louisiana) asked former acting Attorney General Sally Yates why she refused to defend Trump s initial executive order barring travel from several Mideast nations. I believed any argument [the Justice Department] would have to make in its defense would not be grounded in the truth,  Yates said. We would have to argue that it had nothing to do with religion,  she said.Kennedy asked whether there was no reasonable argument that could be made to defend the order any other way.Yates said she believed the intent of the order was to discriminate against Muslims trying to come to the United States.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGqsrx0LpTcHere s what former US Attorney Joe DiGenova said about Sally Yates:  This is a person of the extreme Left who should not have been anywhere near the decision-making process for this president. Yates was fired and should have been!",0
16112,SHOCKING! Reporters Show How Easy It Is To Cross The Border Over And Over…And Over! [VIDEO],"Joe  Rambo  Biggs and David Rodriguez videotaped themselves crossing back and forth from the US to Mexico. It s shocking to see just how open our southern border is with Mexico!This is how easy it is to cross our southern border https://t.co/ZgM0gXGwsM  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) May 8, 2017 What comes to mind when you watch this video? Terrorism? Drug trafficking? Crime?",0
16113,PUBLIC HOUSING Residents Getting FREE Cars In Government Program…Where’s My Car? [Video],"What next? Under a Sacramento, California program, public housing residents are getting FREE zip cars .We now have pretty much everything free for people living in government housing free phones, free food, free debit card loaded with money, low-cost housing and now a car to use to  zip  around in Oy vey!It s no wonder  refugee  from all over the world want to come to the US. We have the MOST GENEROUS FREEBIES!This program was funded by a grant from the state of California. It s basically a  Rob Peter to Pay Paul  program   The program is funded through a $1.3 million grant from the California Air Resources Board using cap-and-trade funds that businesses pay to offset their carbon emissions. This should be interesting Residents can use the cars on a first come, first served basis. They will be limited to three-hour windows three times per week.Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg said the cars will help people get to doctors appointments, job interviews and school.Residents at three public housing areas now have a mini-fleet of free Zipcars to make their way around Sacramento.On Friday, Sacramento launched a pilot program that put eight shared electric Kia Souls at public housing sites. Up to 300 residents can apply for on-demand access to the vehicles, with no charge for maintenance, insurance or juicing up the battery.The program is funded through a $1.3 million grant from the California Air Resources Board using cap-and-trade funds that businesses pay to offset their carbon emissions.Local leaders said it will provide green transportation options to disadvantaged areas where even simple tasks like getting groceries can be a challenge. Not having a car   it can be a real strain to get places safely,  said Thomas Hall, spokesman for the Sacramento Metropolitan Air Quality Management District, which is running the program in partnership with car-share company Zipcar and other governmental agencies.The cars are owned and maintained by Boston-based Zipcar, which has car-sharing operations in dozens of cities and on college campuses. Two cars are located at each of four sites: Alder Grove Housing Complex off Broadway, Edgewater apartments downtown, Mutual Housing at Lemon Hill in south Sacramento and the Sacramento Valley Station.READ MORE: SACRAMENTO BEE",0
16114,GOP VETERAN AND DOUBLE AMPUTEE Scorches Democrats For Blatant Lies About Health Care Bill [Video],"Brian Mast scorched the Democrats for their lying about the health care bill:  I too am a person with preexisting conditions and I believe it s not something I should just do but a responsibility for me to be the staunchest advocate for people out there who have preexisting conditions. And that is why I m such an ardent supporter of this bill. I think every American and every person out there with preexisting conditions should be asking themselves, how is it that they have coverage if every single insurance provider has pulled out of the market? If there s no entity to go out there and provide insurance, how is it that preexisting conditions could possibly be covered?https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=5&v=30ZhPidmLBQGo get  em!PELOSI AND USUAL SUSPECTS LIE THROUGH THEIR TEETH ABOUT THE BILL:Pelosi held a fear mongering press conference where she claimed Republicans would have a  scar they would carry with them Well, ok She then said Republicans will  glow in the dark Huh?Her hands were shaking the entire speech very bizarre indeedHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., warned that Republicans who vote to pass the American Health Care Act today will have a  scar they will carry  from that vote, and that they will be  forever identified  with the vote. They have this vote tattooed on them. This is a scar they will carry,  Pelosi said when asked if the House bill could be improved in the Senate.  It s their vote, not the Senate vote. It s their vote they are taking. So that is really a poor choice  cowardly, I might add. Why would they vote for it if they don t think it s worthy of support because the Senate will change it? LIZ WARREN  PEOPLE WILL DIE! Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren called the House GOP s plan to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act a  cruel  way to enrich the wealthy and cut insurance from many Americans.Warren said too many Republicans are treating the bill like it s a game: This isn t football. It s not about scoring points. #AHCA will devastate Americans  healthcare. Families will go bankrupt. People will die,  she tweeted.",0
16115,ANGRY DAD CONFRONTS SCHOOL BOARD After Finding Out Children Being Taught Islam In School [Video],"We can t say enough great things about this dad! He confronted his child s school board to speak against the school teaching Islam. We ned more dads like this one to speak up against the very active push to teach Islam in schools.This is disturbing for all parents. CAIR has taken it upon themselves to claim that they need to fight  Islamophobia . They see this as a problem but we see this as a shady way to have Islam taught in schools . We see what they re doing but the bleeding heart liberals in San Diego are just passively accepting this propaganda:Janet Levy of American Thinker: If allowed to stand, the SDUSD anti-bullying program   geared specifically to the CAIR-identified needs of Muslim students   could mark a dangerous departure from treasured constitutional principles and First Amendment protections. This case warrants serious attention, as it has grave implications for the direction of education and the supremacy of Islam in the nation. There s a huge problem on so many levels with this. The most obvious one is that a Christian would be hammered for even remotely trying to push Christianity on the kids. So why should we accept teaching Islam to our kids? The answer is WE SHOULDN T! Dad Christopher Wyrick,Finds Out School Is FORCING #Islam #ReligionBeliefs Down His Son s Throat!His #PATRIOTIC Reply Goes VIRAL!#BanSharia pic.twitter.com/8yKcFvOiRk  TRUMP ANOMALY  (@ANOMALY1) May 4, 2017WATCH FOR THIS IN YOUR SCHOOL!American Thinker reported: With a decade-long history of yielding to Islamic demands and recent, more alarming submissions, San Diego city schools appear to be ground zero for Islamic indoctrination within American public schools. The current capitulation includes an Islam-centric curriculum with input and resources from a Muslim Brotherhood-affiliated organization, which raises First Amendment issues as well as serious concerns of favoritism toward Muslims students over students of other faiths.This past week, SDUSD, in collaboration with the Council on American Islam Relations (CAIR), instituted an anti-bullying campaign aimed specifically at protecting Muslims students. In launching the initiative, SDUSD cited an unsubstantiated study by CAIR claiming that 55% of American Muslim students surveyed in California said they were bullied because of their religion. The new program will include adding lessons on Islam to the social studies curriculum that emphasize prominent Muslims in history, creating Muslim-only  safe spaces,  adding Muslim holidays to the school calendar, and providing support and resources for Muslim students during Ramadan.According to Stan Anjan, SDUSD s executive director of family and community engagement, the new program will focus on promoting a positive image of Islam. Special disciplinary measures will also be created for the so-called bullying of Muslims cited by CAIR. Instead of detention, the school plans a  restorative justice  program in which students dialogue with each other about perceived bullying words or actions. Educational materials on Islam and resource listings will be provided to parents and school personnel as well.CAIR,  a radical fundamentalist front group for Hamas,  according to terrorism expert Steve Emerson, was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror-funding case brought by the Justice Department in 2007. CAIR operatives have repeatedly refused to denounce terrorist groups Hamas and Hezb allah, and several CAIR executives have been successfully prosecuted and incarcerated for terrorist activities. CAIR was designated as a terrorist group by the UAE in 2014.In 2015, Kevin Beiser and Michael McQuary, two members of the SDUSD Board of Education, issued a formal proclamation in support and recognition of CAIR San Diego, citing ten years of  constructive civic engagement  in San Diego and Imperial Counties. They praised the organization s work to  promote not only religious and cultural tolerance and understanding but also justice and equality for all who live in the United States. CAIR director Hanif Mohebi was specifically complimented for his commitment to  promoting equitable educational opportunity for all students and preparing them to succeed in a culturally diverse society.  The trustees recognized a community partnership with CAIR in mediating school situations involving  discrimination and other behavioral issue[s]  and announced CAIR s upcoming tenth anniversary banquet, centered on the theme  Strengthening Our Voices, Advancing Together. CAIR, billing itself as a benign Muslim civil rights organization, has long been at the forefront in pressuring schools and businesses to accommodate the special needs of Muslims. In 2009, CAIR complained of favoritism when Christian students in Roseville, a Detroit suburb, were given permission slips to attend off-site Bible study classes. Yet CAIR pushed in 2012 for Dearborn public schools to accommodate Muslim prayer on school grounds and early Friday dismissals for Jumu ah prayers. The organization has pressured schools to have a say on textbook selection and to feature its own lecturers for school assemblies. When a public school teacher in Concrete, Washington referenced the Taliban and Hamas while citing examples of the use of violence to bully people, CAIR cried  racism  and called for a federal investigation, saying the teacher had veered off topic to make anti-Muslim statements. The school district responded that the teacher s comments were taken out of context.Mohebi, the head of CAIR San Diego, has been pushing the  anti-Islamophobia  program. He recently tried to prevent the San Diego Police Department from attending a training session on Islamic terrorism featuring Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for the Clarion Project, a nonprofit dedicated to exposing the dangers of Islamic extremism. Mohebi said officers would be learning  conspiracy theories  from Mauro. Further, Mohebi importuned that no taxpayer dollars should pay for the training and that the SDPD should not confer continuing education credits for attendance. In a further attempt to control police training on Islam, Mohebi requested the ability to monitor police training to vouch for its accuracy and to provide clarifications throughout the session.CAIR s recent activity and its incursion into the San Diego schools  curriculum has been criticized by Charles LiMandri, president and chief counsel of the Freedom of Conscience Defense Fund (FCDF). LiMandri said the San Diego program represents a  wholesale realignment of school curricula and the students  learning environment to the recommendations of a religious organization whose stated mission is to  enhance the understanding of Islam  and  empower American Muslims. The FCDF maintains that the First Amendment prohibits a government agency from attempting to effect a secular goal by the propagation of religious concepts. LiMandri points out the litigious pitfalls of a curriculum which could easily be construed as a governmental endorsement of a religion. He also cautions that CAIR s interpretation of the term  bullying  could extend to the stifling of criticism of Islam, further impinging on First Amendment protections.Citizens for Quality Education San Diego, a non-partisan group of citizens concerned about public education, voiced their opposition to the new Islamic-friendly curriculum and characterized it as an attempt to implement at local schools  anti-American sharia law,  incompatible with the U.S. Constitution. The group criticized the blatant singling out of the Muslim religion for special accommodations and demanded that the policy be rescinded. Despite widespread community outcry, the district seems to be moving ahead.Disturbing!",0
16116,SENATOR FEINSTEIN Shocks CNN Anchor With “Precise Answer” On Trump/Russia Smear Campaign [Video],"What s all the fuss about if there s no there, there? Is anyone else sickened by the left s efforts to discredit President Trump for months when they knew there was NOTHING THERE!Feinstein had visited CIA headquarters on Tuesday and was briefed on the investigation but months before this we all knew the truth It s just that Feinstein finally admitted it:  Not at this time NOT AT THIS TIME???The Democrats owe President Trump the BIGGEST apology!THE FOLLOWING COMMENT EXPRESSES HOW AMERICA FEELS ABOUT FEINSTEIN AND HER CRONIES: It s been hundreds of days since the  Russian  smear campaign conducted by MSM, democrat operative morons like Olbermann and late night  comedians , and Clintons political cronies   and yet still nothing. Nothing. Not a single thing. A few more months and then they will quietly say  case closed  and hope and pray that we all forgot. Sorry but we won t and we watch you all very differently now, we see right through you. Our patience is just about out and your time handling our power is up. FEINSTEIN EMBARRASES HERSELF DURING QUESTIONING TO NEIL GORSUCH:Senator Dianne Feinstein is no match for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. In her questioning today she really made a fool of herself when she tossed out a question that made it clear she hadn t done her homework on Gorsuch. He answered her question by citing numerous specific cases in his legal history. It s understandable that the Democrats are trying to play to their base by dragging out the process of asking ridiculous questions of this perfect nominee for the SCOTUS. This is embarrassing and we have two more days of it! It seems this is backfiring on the Democrats RETIRE ALREADY!",0
16117,NEW DATA RELEASED: OBAMA ADMIN “Accidentally Collected Info” On Americans During Election,"Did you catch that?  Information accidentally collected I think it is alarming. There seems to be a universal trend toward more surveillance and more surveillance that impacts Americans  privacy without obtaining a warrant  -Lawyer for the ACLU During his final year in office, President Barack Obama s team significantly expanded efforts to search National Security Agency intercepts for information about Americans, distributing thousands of intelligence reports across government with the unredacted names of U.S. residents during the midst of a divisive 2016 presidential election:Barack Obama s top aides routinely took advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats. Dozens of times in 2016, those intelligence reports identified Americans who were directly intercepted talking to foreign sources or were the subject of conversations between two or more monitored foreign figures.The data, made available this week by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, provides the clearest evidence to date of how information accidentally collected by the NSA overseas about Americans was subsequently searched and disseminated after President Obama loosened privacy protections to make such sharing easier in 2011 in the name of national security. A court affirmed his order.The revelations are particularly sensitive since the NSA is legally forbidden from directly spying on Americans and its authority to conduct warrantless searches on foreigners is up for renewal in Congress later this year. And it comes as lawmakers investigate President Trump s own claims his privacy was violated by his predecessor during the 2016 election.Read more: Circa ",0
16118,SUSAN RICE REFUSES To Testify Before The Senate…You Won’t Believe The Reason Why!,"Susan Rice just announced she won t testify before the Senate on the Russian hacking.Senator Lyndsey Graham said he s  very disappointed  but said,  we ll deal with her later. She gave a very flimsy excuse for not testifying via her lawyer:Rice considered the invitation a  diversionary play  to distract attention from the investigation into Russian election interference, including contacts between Trump allies and Russians during the campaign, the source said.That s ridiculous! Could it REALLY be that she doesn t want to testify under oath? Ya think!According to CNN, Barack Obama s national security adviser turned down a request from Sen. Lindsey Graham to participate in the hearing. Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter (SEE BELOW) that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses,  Rice s lawyer Kathryn Ruemmler wrote in a letter to Graham.  Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify. Rice was the administration official who made the dozens of requests seeking to unmask the identities of Trump associates, which she said were for national security reasons and not politically motivated Read more: Daily CallerTHE LETTER FROM RICE S LAWYER:Dear Chairman Graham and Ranking Member Whitehouse:I write on behalf of my client, Ambassador Susan E. Rice, in response to Senator Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice to testify at a May 8, 2017 hearing before the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism entitled  Russian Interference in the 2016 United States Election. While Ambassador Rice commends the Subcommittee s efforts to examine this matter of extraordinary national significance, it is extremely rare for the Congress to request the testimony of a former senior advisor to the President given the longstanding and well-recognized separation of powers concerns at issue. Moreover, Chairman Graham s invitation was extended only after the hearing was noticed, less than two weeks before the hearing was scheduled to occur, and without consultation with Ambassador Rice, a professional courtesy that would customarily be extended to any witness. Notwithstanding the significance of these concerns, Ambassador Rice is prepared to assist Congressional inquiries into Russian election interference because of the important national interests at stake, provided they are conducted in a bipartisan manner, and as appropriate, in classified session.In this case, however, Senator Whitehouse has informed us by letter that he did not agree to Chairman Graham s invitation to Ambassador Rice, a significant departure from the bipartisan invitations extended to other witnesses. Under these circumstances, Ambassador Rice respectfully declines Senator Graham s invitation to testify.Again, and as Ambassador Rice has stated publicly, she supports and is committed to assisting the bipartisan Congressional inquiries into Russian interference in the 2016 election, given the utmost importance of this matter to our national security.Please contact me if you have any questions. Sincerely,Kathryn H. Ruemmler of LATHAM & WATKINS LLPSUSAN RICE HAS LIED NUMEROUS TIMES OVER THE YEARS Who could forget after Benghazi when Rice went on 5 morning shows and lied about the cause of the attack:",0
16119,"WATCH TUCKER CARLSON’S Heated Debate With Delusional Illegal Activist: “I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.” [Video]","Tucker Carlson interviews Jose Antonio Vargas, CEO of Define America He gave Vargas a reality check!Vargas takes offense to the way Carlson is framing this? It s difficult for this illegal to face reality.He says,  I was an undocumented immigrant in this country  yet he doesn t think he s illegal.Vargas:  My protest yesterday was as an undocumented immigrant, one of 11 million who are viewed as criminals,  let s pause here for a moment . . . that is one illegal immigrant too many and you ARE criminals . . . now we ll continue,  my own way of protesting was just   actually   very quietly and respectfully thinking about what it means to be an immigrant in the Trump era, right? So that, that, that was my way,  he stutters on smugly.Tucker replied,  Okay, well thank you for not breaking anything . . . I m not accusing you of setting fires, I m merely saying: where are people who agree with these folks standing up and saying  you re not allowed to do this, you can t block traffic, you can t break things, you can t set fires , it  pretty simple. Vargas replies,  This issue is not just quote-un-quote political, it s personal   we re talking about millions of people who are related to undocumented people that you call  criminal illegals  everyday, right?  Tucker aptly jumps in and asks of Vargas,  What should I call people who are here illegally? Should I pretend they re not here illegally?  Vargas, in a flustered state, tries to belittle Tucker,  You ask me to come on your show, pretty much once a week, and I come here as an undocumented person . . . Tucker interrupts Vargas:  You may be overstating it a little bit, I think this is the third time   but here s the point,  Tucker begins before Vargas cuts him off,  Here s the point, I am here illegally . . . But I, as a person, am not illegal.  Tucker jumps in with a perfect line,  But I robbed a liquor store yesterday, which is illegal, but I m not illegal . . . I don t even know what the point you re making is, I m not saying you re a bad person, I m saying your status is in violation of the law. The way your framing it Carlson then says,  actually I was just playing video from yesterday TRUTH! Spare me the nonsense!    Tucker CarlsonVia: Gateway Pundit",0
16120,CUBANS BRUTALLY ATTACK Brave Man Waving US Flag In Front Of Communist Parade [Video],"This is what having no freedom of speech looks like This guy is awesome! I use whatever flag I want because I am free. I am not a hypocrite, not like all the Cubans marching yesterday [the 2016 May Day march]   all those Cubans are hypocrites,  he told his detractors. He went on to praise the U.S. flag as the  pride of the Americans  and assert,  I don t fear the government. Daniel Llorente is the brave pro-American Cuban dissident who interrupted Monday s May Day parade in Havana, running in front of the marching throngs waving an American flag. A communist mob attacked him, beating him and dragging him away.The man, identified as Daniel Llorente, has previously waged similar protests against the communist regime of dictator Ra l Castro and has expressed vocally his support for the American government.Video of the incident shows that Llorente took off running in front of the throngs, waving an American flag before the likeness of mass murderer Ernesto  Che  Guevara in the Plaza of the Revolution, waiting to march just moments before the May Day parade was to begin, shouting anti-government slogans. A group of men waiting on the sidelines, who have not been identified in reports, restrained, beat, and dragged Llorente away. Every major Cuban government leader, including dictator Castro, was in attendance.The Miami-based outlet Mart  Noticias identified the man as Llorente, a freelance cab driver and dissident, but does not belong to any dissident organizations. Instead, he has used his American flag to protest on previous occasions by waving it before public congregations. A year ago, Llorente protested before a crowd awaiting the first American cruise ship s arrival in Havana, the Adonia. Llorente greeted the ship waving an American flag and shouting  Yes we can! , the famous slogan of President Barack Obama s first presidential campaign. The government organized a rabble to berate Llorente with racial epithets, and Llorente responded by asserting his freedom.Read more: Breitbart",0
16121,BREAKING: PAUL RYAN Nervously Giggles During Budget Speech That DOESN’T Fund A Border Wall [Video],"Paul Ryan nervously giggled during the Republican announcement of the budget and Obamacare replacement this morning. It s interesting to watch all of the Republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items THEY consider to be positive. Ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.Why does the left bother with  Resistance  theatrics when the Republican Congress funds their entire wish list anyway?Is funding the NIH (National Institutes for Health) with 2 BILLION dollars a good thing? That bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. Remember shrimp on a treadmill? Drunk monkeys? Yes, this is the organization that gives out YOUR tax dollars to people to do crazy experiments that are honestly wasteful.The other things like funding Sanctuary Cities? Is anyone else puzzled by this?Why are the Republicans constantly trying to appease the Democrats?Please skip to the 5:15 mark in the video:This is a loser spending bill for the American people!",0
16122,EPIC! BLACK CONSERVATIVE Calls Out CNN Anchor On Trash Talking Trump: “You sit here and attack the President!” [Video],"Wow! This is really epic! Paris Dennard nails Paul Begala on Begala s trash talking of Trump. You won t believe the response from David Gergen! How can Trump let someone down when they never believed in his policies to begin with?  We love Paris Dennard s effort to call out the liberal pundits   this is not just good it s great that he said what every American is thinking about CNN and MSNBC:Strategist @David_Gergen clashes w/ @PARISDENNARD: ""You respect the office not the man  but he is letting me down""https://t.co/PWncWEoyzx  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) April 30, 2017PRIOR TO THE DENNARD COMMENTS, BEGALA CALLED THE PRESIDENT A  MENTAL MIDGET  AND A  NEEDY LITTLE BABY :More GREAT TAKEDOWNS from Paris Dennard:THE EXCHANGE BETWEEN THESE TWO PUNDITS IS SO CLASSIC BECAUSE THE LIBERAL IS SUCH AN ELITIST Charles Blow didn t want to listen to the truth and had a major hissy fit when confronted with facts. It s pretty epic On CNN s New Day Friday morning, Chris Cuomo interviewed two black guests from opposing parties about Donald Trump s outreach to minorities. The anti-Trump guest, New York Times op-ed columnist Charles Blow grew visibly irritated with Cuomo and the pro-Trump guest, GOP commentator Paris Dennard, when Dennard said things Blow didn t agree with. After a heated back and forth discussion, Blow finally exploded at Cuomo, saying CNN was committing  media malpractice  for letting Dennard come on the show.Read more: Newsbusters",0
16123,MYSTERY SURROUNDS Funding For Take Down Of Historic Confederate Monuments…New Orleans Mayor Refuses To Tell,"The mayor of New Orleans is being evasive on who funded the removal of 4 statues in the heart of the city. He s also not responding to questions on when the remaining 3 statues will be taken down and what he plans on doing with them.Who is funding the removal? Shouldn t the citizens know? Do the citizens of New orleans not have a say in any of this?Here s the latest:NEW ORLEANS   Just hours after crews working for the city of New Orleans removed the Liberty Place Monument, Mayor Mitch Landrieu was asked repeatedly where the money came from to pay for the removal and who s paying to take down the other three confederate-era monuments of Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis and General P.G.T. Beauregard.The mayor would only say,  We have enough funding to take down all four monuments. City spokesman Tyronne Walker offered this clarification. Due to the widely-known intimidation, threats and reported violence to contractors and employees, safety concerns have been great and donors will remain anonymous. That is the safe and responsible thing to do. Some people  want to know what s next for the city-owned monuments. Crews took the Liberty Place statue to a city warehouse, not far from the Superdome. Kurt Buchert from Save our Circle, a pro-monument group is asking for transparency from the mayor. The mayor is saying they should be in a museum one day,  Buchert said.  That s a very vague statement. They could go sit in a warehouse for 100 years and then be put in a museum when all of us are dead. Political Analyst Clancy DuBos says the mayor should reveal his plans for the statues. I think the burden is on the mayor to bring this to a close,  DuBos said.  He needs to come up with a plan and say he s what s going to happen with these statues. The council should have some input. The public should have some input. One of the other things the mayor isn t revealing at this time is when the rest of the monuments will be removed.He would only say they would be taken down in a similar manner to the Liberty Place statue,  sooner rather than later. Mayor Mitch Landrieu in a statement Monday declared: The removal of these statues sends a clear and unequivocal message to the people of New Orleans and the nation: New Orleans celebrates our diversity, inclusion and tolerance. This is not about politics, blame or retaliation. This is not a na ve quest to solve all our problems at once. This is about showing the whole world that we as a city and as a people are able to acknowledge, understand, reconcile  ..and most importantly choose a better future. Diversity, Inclusion and Tolerance?New Orleans is one of the unique cities in America. Because of its location, its culture and its commerce, it became one of the important players in the making of early America. The site of two great battles of American History. Had New Orleans not fallen in the Civil War, that conflict would have continued on for years. That IS a large part it s it s rich history ",0
16124,BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP ADMIN ANNOUNCES “MASSIVE TAX CUT” For Businesses And Massive Tax Reform [VIDEO],"President Trump s  2017 Tax Reform for Economic Growth and American Jobs  was announced today by National Economic Director Cohn and Treasury Secretary Mnuchin:Three Key Things to Remember (see photo below):-Repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax-Reduce the top Cap Gains rate to 20%-Repeal the so-called  death tax. TAX PLAN REDUCES CURRENT 7 TAX BRACKETS TO 3 AND DOUBLES STANDARD DEDUCTION    GARY COHN, NAT L ECONOMIC DIRECTOR: ENTIRE SPEECH BELOW THIS VIDEOTax plan reduces current 7 tax brackets to 3 and doubles standard deduction, National Economic Director Cohn says https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/hAOtIOh2WP  CBS News (@CBSNews) April 26, 2017TAX REFORM FOR 2017:  Tax reform plan reduces corporate tax rate to 15%; medium and small-sized businesses eligible for rate    Treasurey Secretary Mnuchin -ENTIRE SPEECH BELOW THIS VIDEO:Tax reform plan reduces corporate tax rate to 15%; medium and small-sized businesses eligible for rate, Mnuchin says https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/zavdOihq9E  CBS News (@CBSNews) April 26, 2017ENTIRE SPEECH: ",0
16125,LOU DOBBS Destroys Paul Ryan In Epic Rant: “Just get out of the way!” [Video],"Lou Dobbs rips on Speaker Paul Ryan because he s a do-nothing leader! As Dobbs says,  There s no mystery why Paul Ryan has a history of poor leadership Remember this?Funding for Sanctuary Cities, benefits for illegal aliens, fully funded refugee programs, quadruples number of work visas for foreigners, release of criminal aliens, tax credits for illegal aliens, locking in huge spending increases, making America less safe and more Rep. Paul Ryan s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.Too harsh, you say? Let the programs, the spending, and the implications speak for themselves.(1) Ryan s Omnibus Fully Funds DACAThough much of the public attention has surrounded the President s 2014 executive amnesty, the President s 2012 amnesty quietly continues to churn out work permits and federal benefits for hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens. Paul Ryan s bill funds entirely this 2012 executive amnesty for  DREAMers or illegal immigrants who came to the country as minors.Specifically, Division F of Ryan s omnibus bill contains no language that would prohibit the use of funds to continue the President s unconstitutional program. Obama s executive action, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), has granted around 700,000 illegal aliens with work permits, as well as the ability to receive tax credits and federal entitlement programs. A recent GAO report documented how this illegal amnesty program for alien youth is, in large part, responsible for the illegal alien minor surge on our southern border.In 2013, Paul Ryan said that it is his job as a U.S. lawmaker to put himself in the shoes of  the DREAMer who is waiting  and work to find legislative solutions to his or her problems.(2) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Sanctuary CitiesFive months ago, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was bleeding to death in her father s arms. She was gunned down in broad daylight by a five-time deported criminal alien whose presence in the country was the direct result of San Francisco s refusal to comply with U.S. immigration law yet Paul Ryan s omnibus rewards these lawless Sanctuary Cities with federal grants. Division B Title II of Ryan s omnibus funds various grant programs for the Department of Justice (pages 167, 168, and 169) and contains no language that would restrict the provision of such grants to sanctuary jurisdictions.In a Congressional hearing, Steinle s father demanded Congressional action and recalled his daughter s dying words:  Help me, Dad. (3) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All Refugee ProgramsDespite broad support amongst Republican lawmakers for a proposal introduced by Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX)to halt all refugee resettlement, Ryan s appropriations bill will fund President Obama s refugee resettlement operation and will allow for the admission of tens of thousands of refugees with access to federal benefits. Division H Title II of Ryan s bill contains appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and contains no language that would restrict the program. Nor are there any restrictions for the program in Division K of Ryan s bill, which provides funding for the Department of State, which oversees refugee admissions.Ryan is not one of the 84 cosponsors of Babin s bill to halt the refugee operation, and he recently told Sean Hannity that he does not support halting resettlement because,  We re a compassionate country. The refugees laws are important laws.  Similarly, this outcome represents a legislative win for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who told Sean Hannity he d  hate to use  Congress s power of the purse to deny funding for Obama s resettlement operation.(4) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All of the Mideast Immigration Programs That Have Been Exploited by Terrorists in Recent YearsAlthough multiple immigrant and visa programs in recent years have been exploited by terrorists (such as the F-1  student  visa, the K-1  fianc e  visa, and our green card and refugee programs), Ryan s proposal does nothing to limit admissions from jihadist-prone regions. As Senators Shelby and Sessions of Alabama noted in a joint statement:  The omnibus would put the U.S. on a path to approve admission for hundreds of thousands of migrants from a broad range of countries with jihadists movements over the next 12 months, on top of all the other autopilot annual immigration. (5) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Illegal Alien ResettlementOn page 917 of Ryan s omnibus a section titled  Refugee and Entrant Assistance  funds the President s resettlement of illegal immigrant border crossers.(6) Ryan s Omnibus Funds the Release of Criminal AliensSenior legislative aides tell Breitbart News that Ryan s bill does not do anything to change the enforcement priorities that Jeh Johnson established a little over a year ago that would shield entire categories of criminal aliens from immigration law, nor does it include language recommended by Sessions and Shelby to  deny the expenditure of funds to issue visas to countries that refuse to repatriate criminal aliens. (7) Ryan s Omnibus Quadruples H-2B Foreign Worker VisasDespite Ryan s pledge not to move an immigration compromise with President Obama, tucked 700 pages into Ryan s spending bill is language that would resuscitate and expand a controversial provision of the Schumer-Rubio Gang of Eight plan to increase the H-2B visa program.The provision  would quadruple the number of H-2B visas for unskilled guest workers, for a total of more than 250,000,  writes immigration attorney Ian Smith. The Americans who fill these jobs are typically  society s most vulnerable   including single women, the disabled, the elderly, minorities, teenagers, students, and first-generation immigrants,  Smith explains.A recent BuzzFeed expos  revealed how this program allows businesses to discriminate against American workers and  deliberately den[y] jobs to American workers so they can hire foreign workers on H-2 visas instead.  As one GOP aide told Breitbart News,  This provision is a knife in the heart of the working class, and African Americans. (8) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Tax Credits for Illegal AliensRyan s bill preserves the expansion of the President s expiring child tax credits without any accompanying language to prevent illegal aliens from receiving those tax credits. While Sen. Sessions attempted to include language in the bill that would prevent illegal immigrants from receiving tax credits, his recommendation was rejected.(9) Ryan s Omnibus Locks-In Huge Spending IncreasesThe bill funds the Obama-Boehner budget deal, which eliminated spending caps, and will increase both defense and non-defense spending next year by $25 billion more each.(10) Ryan s Omnibus Fails to Allocate Funds to Complete the 700-Mile Double-Layer Border Fence That Congress Promised the American PeopleNearly a decade ago with the passage of the 2006 Secure Fence Act, the American people were promised a 700-mile double-layer border fence. However, funding for the fence was later gutted and, as a result, its construction was never completed. Despite heightened media focus over the past six months about Americans  desire for this barrier to illegal entry, Ryan s bill does not require that funds be allocated to finish the construction of the 700-mile double-layer fence.A vote could occur as early as Thursday after midnight, giving lawmakers and the public only one full business day to review the 2,242 page package. The Ryan-Pelosi package represents nothing short of a complete and total betrayal of the American people.Yet Ryan s omnibus serves a second and equally chilling purpose. By locking in the President s refugee, immigration, and spending priorities, Ryan s bill is designed to keep these fights out of Congress by getting them off the table for good. Delivering Obama these wins and pushing these issues beyond the purview of Congress will suppress public attention to the issues and, in so doing, will boost the candidacy of the Republican establishment s preferred presidential contenders, who favor President Obama s immigration agenda.What may prove most discouraging of all to Americans is that recent reports reveal that conservatives in the so-called House Freedom Caucus are praising Ryan even as he permanently locks in these irreversible and anti-American immigration policies. According to Politico, the House Freedom Caucus will  give Ryan a pass  even as he funds disastrous policies that prioritize the interests of foreign nationals and global corporatists above the needs of the American people whom lawmakers are supposed to represent. Via: Breitbart News",0
16126,LAURA INGRAHAM: GOP Senior Senators “Laughed Out Loud” At Building Border Wall…”Actively Working Against” Trump [Video],"Laura Ingraham reported to Sean Hannity that Republican leaders don t want the border wall built and are actively working against Preisdent Trump One thing I know for sure, Sean, is that we have way too many people on Capitol Hill who are not on the president s side of this. I m talking Republicans. So I have no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump wants this wall to be built. Congress has to appropriate the money. I heard over two months ago that GOP leadership, the most senior senators on Capitol Hill, and I heard it from someone who was in the room with them, they were laughing at an idea a wall would ever get built. Out loud laughing. They were recently telling that source of mine,  Don t worry, it s not going to happen. In the mean time, Lou Dobbs gives a classic take down of Paul Ryan:Yes, just get out of the way!BORDER RANCHERS VOUCH FOR BUILDING THE WALL:Fred Davis and John Ladd are two Arizona ranchers who were guests on Fox & Friends to tell their story of what its like to be on the front lines at the border:REPORT: THE COST TO YOU FOR NOT BUILDING THE WALL (Note that this report is from 2013!):The Fiscal Burden of Illegal Immigration on United States TaxpayersThis report estimates the annual costs of illegal immigration at the federal, state and local level to be about $113 billion; nearly $29 billion at the federal level and $84 billion at the state and local level.The study also estimates tax collections from illegal alien workers, both those in the above-ground economy and those in the underground economy.Those receipts do not come close to the level of expenditures and, in any case, are misleading as an offset because over time unemployed and underemployed U.S. workers would replace illegal alien workers.Key FindingsIllegal immigration costs U.S. taxpayers about $113 billion a year at the federal, state and local level. The bulk of the costs   some $84 billion   are absorbed by state and local governments.The annual outlay that illegal aliens cost U.S. taxpayers is an average amount per native-headed household of $1,117.The fiscal impact per household varies considerably because the greatest share of the burden falls on state and local taxpayers whose burden depends on the size of the illegal alien population in that localityEducation for the children of illegal aliens constitutes the single largest cost to taxpayers, at an annual price tag of nearly $52 billion. Nearly all of those costs are absorbed by state and local governments.At the federal level, about one-third of outlays are matched by tax collections from illegal aliens.At the state and local level, an average of less than 5 percent of the public costs associated with illegal immigration is recouped through taxes collected from illegal aliens.Most illegal aliens do not pay income taxes. Among those who do, much of the revenues collected are refunded to the illegal aliens when they file tax returns.Many are also claiming tax credits resulting in payments from the U.S. Treasury.With many state budgets in deficit, policymakers have an obligation to look for ways to reduce the fiscal burden of illegal migration. California, facing a budget deficit of $14.4 billion in 2010-2011, is hit with an estimated $21.8 billion in annual expenditures on illegal aliens. New York s $6.8 billion deficit is smaller than its $9.5 billion in yearly illegal alien costs.The report examines the likely consequences if an amnesty for the illegal alien population were adopted similar to the one adopted in 1986. The report notes that while tax collections from the illegal alien population would likely increase only marginally, the new legal status would make them eligible for receiving Social Security retirement benefits that would further jeopardize the future of the already shaky system.An amnesty would also result in this large population of illegal aliens becoming eligible for numerous social assistance programs available for low-income populations for which they are not now eligible. The overall result would, therefore, be an accentuation of the already enormous fiscal burden.Read more: FAIR",0
16127,ACTIVIST JUDGE Just Blocked Trump’s Effort To Cut Off Funding To Sanctuary Cities Harboring Illegals,"Here we go again! Another activist judge has shut down an effort by President Trump to protect Americans A President s #1 job!How do we know Judge Orrick of California is an activist? Well, he raised 200K for Obama: That should tell you all you need to know about this guy except one more HUGE thing:He s the judge who blocked the Planned Parenthood videos:A federal judge late Friday granted a temporary restraining order against the release of recordings made at an annual meeting of abortion providers. The injunction is against the Center for Medical Progress, the group that has unveiled Planned Parenthood s participation in the sale of organs harvested from aborted children.Judge William H. Orrick, III, granted the injunction just hours after the order was requested by the National Abortion Federation.Orrick was nominated to his position by hardline abortion supporter President Barack Obama. He was also a major donor to and bundler for President Obama s presidential campaign. He raised at least $200,000 for Obama and donated $30,800 to committees supporting him. Read more: The FederalistBRILLIANT LEGAL SCHOLAR AND DEMOCRAT JONATHAN TURLEY HAD THIS TO SAY ON TWITTER:The fact is that  sanctuary cities  violate our Constitution: CORNELL LAWCALIFORNIA JUDGE BLOCKS TRUMP:A federal judge in San Francisco has blocked a Trump administration order to withhold funding from communities that limit cooperation with U.S. immigration authorities.U.S. District Judge William Orrick issued the temporary ruling Tuesday in a lawsuit over the executive order targeting so-called sanctuary cities. The decision will stay in place while the lawsuit moves through court.The Republican president s administration and two California governments that sued over the order disagreed about its scope.San Francisco and Santa Clara County argued that it threatened billions of dollars in federal funding.But an attorney for the Justice Department, Chad Readler, said at a recent court hearing that it applied to a limited set of grants.Some of Judge Orrick s comments are shocking:Judge Orrick said Trump s order  by its plain language, attempts to reach all federal grants, not merely the three mentioned at the hearing. The rest of the order is broader still, addressing all federal funding. And if there was doubt about the scope of the order, the president and attorney general have erased it with their public comments. Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves. Note that once again activist judges use  public comments  just like they did in the prior block to an executive order. READ MORE: ABC7",0
16128,DICK DURBIN Clashes With Pelosi: You can only be a Dem if you support abortion [Video],Dick Durbin might want to have a chat with Nancy Pelosi He says as long as the Democrat says they re for Roe v Wade then they can play in the sand box with other Democrats Oops! Nancy Pelosi just said the opposite about abortion and Democrats. Which is it? To kill or not to kill? DICK DURBIN:NANCY PELOSI:,0
16129,ANOTHER WIN FOR TRUMP! Release Of Americans Jailed In Egypt Secured By Trump Administration [Video],"Another great move by the Trump administration! They were proactive in securing the release of Aya Hijazi. Hijazi s release was negotiated with Egypt by President Trump and his aides.They worked for several weeks with Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi (pictured above) to secure the freedom of Aya Hijazi, 30, a U.S. citizen, as well as her husband, Mohamed Hassanein, who is Egyptian, and four other humanitarian workers. Trump dispatched a U.S. government aircraft to Cairo to bring Hijazi and her family to Washington.The Obama administration unsuccessfully pressed Sissi s government for their release. It was not until Trump moved to reset U.S. relations with Egypt by embracing Sissi at the White House on April 3   he publicly hailed the autocrat s leadership as  fantastic  and offered the U.S. government s  strong backing    that Egypt s posture changed. Last Sunday, a court in Cairo dropped all charges against Hijazi and the others:Video: The moment of Aya Hijazi and her co-defendants  acquittal:Video: The moment of Aya Hijazi and her co-defendants  acquittal pic.twitter.com/fRb6ombu2x#Egypt  Mai El-Sadany (@maitelsadany) April 16, 2017 Hijazi co-founded the Belady Foundation in 2013 with her husband Mohamed Hassanein shortly after graduating from George Mason University. The Cairo-based NGO provided resources and counseling to abandoned or runaway children.In May 2014, authorities detained Hijazi, Mohammad and six others volunteers with the organization on accusations that they physically and sexually abused these children, and included the children in anti-government protests. They had been held in pre-trial detention ever since.Throughout the course of their detention, hearings were adjourned before they began over six times. The verdict was originally scheduled for March, just before Egyptian President Abul Fattah el-Sisi s first meeting with President Donald Trump in Washington.Read more: PBS",0
16130,SUPER BOWL CHAMP PLAYER Busts Into WH Press Briefing: “Need any help?”…Liberal Snowflakes Have A Meltdown! [Video],"IT S INTERESTING THAT A LIGHTHEARTED MOMENT LIKE THE ONE BELOW COULD CAUSE SUCH ANGER AND OUTRAGE FROM THE LEFT!Rob Gronkowksi popped into today s White House press briefing to ask Sean Spicer if he needed any help. Spicer, a Patriots fan, declined the offer. Mild laughs were had. Gronkowski then disappeared, presumably to cause more mischief in other parts of the building.It s not surprising that the tight end performed a bit like this. That he was wearing a shirt while doing it was a bit of a shock.Right after this video was posted Facebook comments were brutal about how unprofessional it was to have this guy pop into the briefing. We had Obama s antics for 8 years and these people can t take one light moment like this?The left went nuts with faux outrage: We can think of many moments during the Obama administration where some  unprofessional  antics took place. The only problem is that these  antics  are much more serious Remember Jay Carney? Well, here are 6 big moments he s caught in BIG lies. We consider this to be much more important than what happened today.6 OF THE TOP  ANTICS  FROM WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFINGS UNDER OBAMA   JAY CARNEY S NOT FUNNY BUT SERIOUS  GAFFES : 1. When he said he knows 3 people named  Hilary Rosen.  After Obama adviser Hilary Rosen said Ann Romney hadn t worked a day in her life, it was discovered Rosen had visited the White House numerous times. When questioned on it, Carney claimed he knew 3 separate women named  Hilary Rosen. 2. That one time he stumbled when asked why the Obama Administration withheld a crucial Benghazi email.3. That day when he called a reporter s repeated questions on Kathleen Sebelius  lame. 4. That time he admitted White House staff knew of the IRS scandal and didn t tell Obama.5. That time he admitted that the Obama Budget wouldn t balance.6. That moment when he finally admitted Obama s  Keep Your Plan  promise wasn t true.Shouldn t the liberal snowflakes be outraged at what Jay Carney did? ",0
16131,VENDING MACHINES FOR SYRINGES? This State Is The First In Battle Against Heroin,"Do you think this is a good idea or is this enabling the addict?Las Vegas is betting on a new approach to combat rising heroin and HIV rates: vending machines of clean needles.But the syringe exchange vending machines, a first in the United States, aren t open to just anyone walking by. They are accessible to clients of Trac-B Exchange, a program run by the Las Vegas Hard Reduction Center.And the machines don t take money. Instead, drug users scan a card and enter a unique ID number in order to vend one of the colorfully gift-wrapped boxes inside. This is a harm reduction approach,  said Chelsi Cheatom, program manager for Trac-B Exchange, in an interview with NBC Las Vegas affiliate KSNV.  People are already exchanging in these behaviors, and anytime someone s engaging in a behavior that could cause them some potential health side effects, we want to encourage them to reduce their risk of harm. The center worked in collaboration with the Southern Nevada Health District and the Nevada AIDS Research and Education Society (NARES) to install the new machines, which will be available at three different locations by the end of May. Each client will be limited to two kits a week; each box contains syringes, alcohol wipes, safe sex supplies, and a sharps disposal box. Providing clean needles and supplies is a proven method for limiting disease transmission in a community,  said Dr. Joe Iser, Chief Health Officer of the Southern Nevada Health District, in a statement Wednesday.Nevada is the first U.S. state to launch a vending machine program for clean syringes, but the vending machine model has been in use for several years in Puerto Rico, Europe, and Australia.In 2014, a harm-reduction group installed crack pipe vending machines in Vancouver, Canada. But that program operated differently, with full access to anyone for just a quarter.Read more: NBC",0
16132,BREAKING: SECRET SERVICE Takes Action After White House Intruder Got too Close For Comfort [Video],"The Secret Service fired two uniformed division officers who were involved in the March 10th intrusion when Jonathan Tran jumped the White House fence and wandered the grounds for 16 minutes, even getting close to the White House s windows and doors:ALARM TURNED OFF: Shocking Details on WHITE HOUSE Fence Jumper:  It was even worse than I thought Secret Service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. Ironically, the very effort to prevent fence jumping appears to have permitted a particularly egregious intrusion.One source said superiors in the Uniformed Division told Secret Service personnel to remove the sensors and piece them together for use elsewhere. They were never replaced.There are at least 10 to 12 officers and agents, including supervisors from the Presidential Protective Division, monitoring these sensors at any given time. They do so from the Joint Operations Command Center or JOCC, which is located outside of the White House complex.Some agents and officers also are questioning why Secret Service never released the K-9 unit to try to find an intruder after the alarms on the first fence the intruder scaled went off.Rep. Jason Chaffetz weighs in below on details of what the intruder did in those 17 minutes: The White House fence jumper who lingered on the ground unnoticed for 17 minutes was literally just hanging out in plain view with alarms blaring, and the Secret Service had no clue.Congressman Jason Chaffetz tells TMZ he met with the Director of Homeland Security and the Acting Director of the Secret Service for an hour and a half Tuesday, and his conclusion    It was even worse than I thought. Chaffetz says the surveillance video is shocking   the intruder was not darting around. Rather, he was  lingering,   hanging out  on the grounds. At one point he took the time to bend down and tie his shoes.The intruder at times peered through windows of the building, where Trump was inside. As we previously reported, he also jiggled a doorknob.Chaffetz says some of the alarms failed but some went off, yet the intruder was not detected.Secret Service agents did check the grounds, but not with any urgency. Alarms frequently go off for various reasons, and this time it was met with an inadequate response.And Chaffetz says the video shows agents were simply  lackadaisical.  As he put it,  Everything went wrong.  The congressman says he was promised there would be  big changes,  adding,  There better be. Via: tmz",0
16133,15 SURPRISING FACTS About The White House Easter Egg Roll,"The big question this year for the White House Easter Egg roll is whether White House Press Scretary will show up as the Easter Bunny. A little known fact and tradition has been that Spicer is the Easter Bunny! What a guy! Who knew that the guy who dressed in the bunny costume would one day be the 45th President s Press Secretary 15 SURPRISING FACTS ABOUT THE WHITE HOUSE EASTER EGG ROLL:While the long-established custom of rolling eggs on the historic grounds has practically become a rite of passage for those who observe Easter, this time-honored tradition has come a long way since it was officially established by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1878. In fact, the fun in Washington on Capitol Hill almost didn t become the grandstanding institution as we now know it today.Here, we look back at the White House Easter Egg Roll s 138-year history to highlight 15 of the most surprising and memorable moments associated with the most sought-after ticket in D.C.1. According to the White House Historical Association, some historians note that it was first lady Dolley Madison who originally proposed the idea of a public egg roll around 1810. Presidents Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson s young children held their own informal egg roll for their own amusement in the 1860s.2. Taking advantage of a day off from school, more than 10,000 children were said to have gathered near the cast-iron dome of the U.S. capitol in 1876. Baskets in tow, filled with dyed Easter eggs, they set about to carry on the holiday tradition of rolling eggs down the hills to see how far they d go without breaking.3. Uh oh, here comes the fun police. The unusual sport of rolling and racing after hard-cooked eggs apparently did a lot of damage to the grounds of the Capitol. So in 1876, members of Congress approved the Turf Protection Act, signed by President Ulysses S. Grant, which prevented the Capitol s grounds from being used  as a playground.  The law was supposed to take effect in 1877, but inclement weather prevented any Easter activities from occurring that year anyway. However, the egg rollers who showed up in 1878 were turned away and forced to play elsewhere.4. President Hayes and his wife, Lucy, brought the holiday tradition back later in 1878 for the first official White House Easter Egg Roll. Every year thereafter, with a few notable exceptions, presidents have hosted the celebration on the South Lawn.5. By the late 1800s, games such as egg picking, egg ball, toss and catch, and egg croquet were added to the Easter festivities.6. The treasured tradition was cancelled due to World War I and suspended during the Second World War in 1942. When the White House underwent renovations in that same year, it was hosted by Congress and held at other locations.7. After a 12-year hiatus, President Dwight D. Eisenhower brought the egg-stravaganza back in 1953.8. In 1969, the White House Easter Bunny went hoppin  down the government trail for the first time. The bunny was actually a staffer for first lady Pat Nixon. While we know that the Easter bunny is always part of the current administration s staff, the rules forbid the bunny from revealing his or her identity, until now that is.9. Ursula Meese, wife of President Reagan s Attorney General Edwin Meese III, was quite the Peter Rabbit of her time, as she performed as the White House Bunny for six seasons. It earned her the nickname  The Meester Bunny.  And thanks to this unofficial  Twitter account, we know just who was under the fleece costume during the George W. Bush Administration as well. Today, he s traded in the long bunny ears for a suit and a podium, but there s no word yet if current Press Secretary Sean Spicer will be making a furry-tailed appearance again for this year s celebration.10. Enter the sacred spoon in 1974. Organizers were tasked with finding silverware for the first egg-rolling races, where children used spoons to push their eggs through the grass, down marked-off lanes.11. Step right up: The circus came to town in 1977. President Jimmy Carter introduced a three-ring circus and menagerie, including a 1,200-pound steer named  Big Red. 12. President Ronald Reagan, a superstar in his own right, brought a little Hollywood to the White House event in 1981. Not only did he and wife, Nancy, present Broadway show performances and the  Egg Hunt Pits,  but they also had balloons from the Macy s Thanksgiving Day Parade floating in mid-air.13. The Reagans were also the first to use wooden eggs at the Easter egg hunt, which were signed by Hollywood s elite, widely-recognized athletes, and notable politicians. Ever since, wooden eggs imprinted with the president and first lady s signatures are handed out as a small memento to children under 13 years old.14. By 2009, the Easter Egg Roll had become the hottest ticket in D.C. So much so, an online lottery for tickets was established to give children from all around the country the opportunity to attend. The lottery is held in March each year for three days only.15. Sean Spicer is the Easter Bunny!WHAT A GUY!Via: Southern Living",0
16134,WATCH FOR IT! TOWN HALLS FLOODED With Unhinged Fake Protesters Are Supported By These Radicals with Deep Pockets,"Discussion in America has been officially hijacked by the unhinged left and is supported by radicals with deep pockets We know you re thinking George Soros but there are more men with tons of money to support this effort to  fundamentally change  America. Tom Stayer, John Posesta, SEIU, Jimmy Dahman and others are all trying to hijack free speech by dominating and shutting down discussion at town halls across America. This is a serious effort to undermine America with tactics that are planned out in advance with a manual full of how to s. It s a recipe for the overthrow of our way of life. BUT will it backfire on these Democrats? Do you think this will change the minds of the voters or just make them angrier at the radical Dem agenda? Their tactics are truly unAmerican and they come off as jackasses We think this means more votes for Republicans.The Center for American Progress Action Fund, the advocacy arm of an organization founded by Hillary Clinton s former campaign manager John Podesta, has partnered with a town hall protest group for upcoming anti-Trump events during the congressional recess and beyond.The Town Hall Project, a group that has served as the central hub for raucous town hall events against Republican lawmakers, announced the partnership with CAP Action to amplify their efforts. So today I m excited to announce a partnership between Town Hall Project and the Center for American Progress Action Fund,  an email from Town Hall Project said.  With CAP Action amplifying our town hall event research, we can even better ensure that that all Americans have the tools needed to channel their organic energy to ensure their voices are heard and their elected representatives held accountable. ADVERTISING Let me emphasize that this is collaboration towards a common goal,  the email continued.  Town Hall Project is 100% independent and will never waiver [sic] from our core values of grassroots research and citizen engagement. While we stay true to ourselves and to supporters like you we know the way we win is to build a big coalition of progressive groups: big and small, new and old, online and offline, all working together to fight back. The email urges readers to visit ResistanceNearMe.org, a re-launched CAP Action website run in conjunction with the Town Hall Project. In partnership with Town Hall Project, Resistance Near Me is a hub for progressive local #resist actions, designed for you to find any public event, rally, town hall, protest, and more, near you, as well as the information you need to contact your member of Congress,  the website states.  It s never been more important to raise our voices to resist Trump s harmful agenda and the elected representatives who aren t speaking for us. Jimmy Dahman, the founder of Town Hall Project, claimed on CNN in February that previous, explosive town hall events were  all organic and happening at the grassroots level. Dahman is a former staffer for the Clinton campaign in Iowa, the Washington Free Beacon previously reported. At the time of his CNN interview, his group had already forged a partnership with MoveOn.org, a major progressive advocacy group, to encourage people to attend the town hall events. The group teamed up with Indivisible, a group that provides a  practical guide for resisting the Trump agenda  that contains information on how to organize in congressional districts.Dahman s group also uses the Action Network, a  progressive online organizing platform  that was involved with Walmart demonstrations and protests in Ferguson, Missouri.The Action Network is located at the same Washington, D.C., address as Change to Win, a labor union group, and United We Dream, the  largest immigrant youth-led organization in the nation.  United We Dream has received funding from liberal billionaire George Soros and has been involved actively in protests against Trump and Republicans.The Action Network s board of directors includes Mark Fleischman, a former vice president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Jeffrey Dugas, who worked for Podesta s Center for American Progress and Elizabeth Warren s 2012 Senate campaign; and Brian Young, who worked for John Kerry and Howard Dean.The Town Hall Project website now acknowledges a partnership with NextGen Climate, an environmentalist super PAC founded by liberal billionaire Tom Steyer.In the email announcing the CAP partnership, the Town Hall Project took credit for  some incredible victories  with their progressive allies. The group linked to a Yahoo article on how activists organized to defeat the Republican health care reform bill.Via: WFB",0
16135,N. KOREA WARNS It Will Strike U.S. Bases In S. Korea…Mike Pence Travels To S. Korea As Sign Of Commitment To Ally…China Warns Of “War At Any Moment”,"During Obama s 8 years in office, he took a passive approach to the aggressive and unhinged North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. At the end of his time in office, Obama had to admit that his approach with them didn t work. President Trump however, is not Barack Obama, and has chosen a different course of action. He s not about to sit back and ignore North Korea s crazy dictator, as he continues to threaten the United States.CNS News   President Obama, speaking at his final news conference in Laos, said his approach to North Korea is  to not reward bad behavior,  but he also admitted that his approach isn t working because Pyongyang  has continued to engage in the development of their nuclear program. Obama spoke shortly before North Korea conducted its fifth   and largest   nuclear test.Obama said he is  deeply disturbed  by North Korea s continued flouting of  international obligations,  and he pointed to the defensive measures   the deployment of U.S. THADD missiles in South Korea   intended to protect the U.S. and its allies.North Korea upped its warmongering with Donald Trump today in a series of menacing boasts threatening to  ravage  US troops amid fears the two countries are heading for war.The secretive state vowed to  pulverize  US bases and South Korean capital Seoul if it was threatened by the US military, which is carrying out drills on the Korean peninsula. A US aircraft carrier group is steaming towards the region.It claimed it would  ruthlessly ravage  the US if Washington attacked. China warned the region could go to war  at any moment .The rhetoric comes after North Korea warned that President Donald Trump s  troublemaking  and  aggressive  tweets have pushed the world to the brink of thermo-nuclear war.Pyongyang s Vice Minister Han Song Ryol accused Trump of building up a  vicious cycle  of tensions and warned the US against provoking North Korea militarily. He said:  We will go to war if they choose. He added the country would continue developing its nuclear program and conduct its next nuclear test whenever its leaders see fit.In the past week Trump has shown his willingness to launch military strikes, with US missiles deployed in Syria and Afghanistan.In other developments today, as tensions heighten in the Korean peninsula:Pence plans to celebrate Easter with US and Korean troops on Sunday before talks on Monday with acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn. We re going to consult with the Republic of Korea on North Korea s efforts to advance its ballistic missile and its nuclear program,  a White House foreign policy adviser told reporters, previewing Pence s trip.Pence will land in Seoul the day after North Korea s biggest national day, the  Day of the Sun. The White House has contingency plans for Pence s trip should it coincide with a another North Korean nuclear test by its leader Kim Jong Un, the adviser said. Unfortunately, it s not a new surprise for us. He continues to develop this program, he continues to launch missiles into the Sea of Japan,  the adviser said. With the regime it s not a matter of if   it s when. We are well prepared to counter that,  the adviser said.U.S. officials have played down the prospect of any military strike against North Korea, which would likely provoke massive North Korean retaliation and huge casualties in Japan and South Korea and among U.S. forces in both countries.China, North Korea s sole major ally and neighbor, opposes its weapons program and has called for talks leading to a peaceful resolution and the denuclearization of the peninsula. Military force cannot resolve the issue,  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters in Beijing.  Amid tensions we will also find a kind of opportunity to return to talks. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also underscored fears about possible threats from North Korea, telling parliament in Tokyo that Pyongyang could have the capacity to deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas.CIA director Mike Pompeo said North Korea was closer now than it had ever been to being able to threaten the United States with a nuclear-tipped intercontinental missile and increased its technical know-how with each new test.Experts do not believe North Korea has a deliverable long-range nuclear weapon, or intercontinental missiles.But that could change within the next few years, as experts say North Korea could have a viable nuclear warhead and a ballistic missile capable of hitting the US mainland during Trump s watch as president.Aerial photos taken Tuesday show continued activity at the Punggye-ri Nuclear site where US officials fear a nuclear device has been installed in a tunnel ahead of another test.And Han, referring to North Korea as the Democratic People s Republic of Korea, said Friday:  If the US comes with reckless military maneuvers then we will confront it with the DPRK s preemptive strike. We ve got a powerful nuclear deterrent already in our hands, and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed in the face of a U.S. preemptive strike. The message had been echoed in the days before, when North Korea said it would launch a  merciless retaliatory strike  against US military action.Pyongyang also recently launched a ballistic missile and some experts say it could conduct another nuclear test at virtually anytime.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
16136,IRS EXEC LOIS LERNER DEMANDS SECRECY In Law Suit…Claims Death Threats Over Tea Party Targeting [Video],"This is rich! Lois Lerner wants her testimony in an upcoming class-action case to remain sealed. The former IRS official is accused of targeting hundreds of groups due to their conservative beliefs. This is all happening at the same time Republicans just filed charges against Lerner (see below)The Washington Times reported:Former IRS senior executive Lois G. Lerner told a federal court this week that she faces the possibility of death threats if her role in the tax agency s tea party-targeting becomes public, and asked a judge to forever seal her upcoming deposition in a class-action lawsuit brought by hundreds of groups that were targeted.Mr. Lerner and Holly Paz, another figure from the IRS tea party targeting, told the judge they ve already faced  harassment and death threats  before, and said they fear another media firestorm if their version of events from the tea party targeting were to become public.The two women said they are willing to testify, but said they could be putting  their lives in serious jeopardy. Mss. Lerner and Paz have demonstrated that the public dissemination of their deposition testimony would expose them and their families to harassment and a credible risk of violence and physical harm,  they said in documents submitted by their lawyer to Judge Michael R. Barrett.HOUSE REPUBLICANS To File Charges Against The IRS s Lois Lerner Who can forget when Lois Lerner sat smugly before the House panel and plead the 5th She sat there as cool as a cucumber and didn t answer about the IRS targeting of conservatives.Well, now it s time for her to finally be held accountable Truly accountable and NOT pleading the 5th.REMEMBER WHEN WE GOT A PEAK AT HER E-MAILS? YIKES! It s official! Lois Lerner is the bitter b*tch we all knew she was when she took the 5th before Congress. Who s not surprised that she targeted conservatives while she was at the IRS. Remember Lois Lerner? How could you forget. She s the former head of the IRS  Exempted Organizations division who was caught using the agency to target Americans based on their political views.Well we now have snippets from some of her email conversations, and it becomes crystal clear that she targeted conservatives because, well, she really hates conservatives. Clearly the type of person who should be placed in a position of governmental power.From The Hill:Lois Lerner, the central figure in the IRS targeting controversy, called Abraham Lincoln the country s worst president in an email disclosed in a bipartisan Senate report, according to USA Today. Look my view is that Lincoln was our worst president not our best,  Lerner wrote in an email dated March 6, 2014.Lerner, the former IRS director of Exempted Organizations, joked in one email that the 16th president should have just let the South secede, rather than fighting the Civil War. He should [have] let the south go,  Lerner wrote in response to a friend who disparaged Texas as a  pathetic  state.  We really do seem to have [two] different mind sets.  And what is your  mind set  Ms. Lerner? That government officials should target American citizens if they hold political views you don t like?The report also highlighted emails written by Lerner calling conservatives  crazies  and  a holes.  Yes ladies and gentlemen, this is your government. Corrupt beyond belief, shady, unethical, dangerous and vengeful.So why is Lois Lerner not sitting in a jail cell for this clear abuse of power? Because oligarchy.Via: Zero Hedge",0
16137,BREAKING: HOUSE REPUBLICANS To File Charges Against The IRS’s Lois Lerner [Video],"Who can forget when Lois Lerner sat smugly before the House panel and plead the 5th She sat there as cool as a cucumber and didn t answer about the IRS targeting of conservatives.Well, now it s time for her to finally be held accountable Truly accountable and NOT pleading the 5th.REMEMBER WHEN WE GOT A PEAK AT HER E-MAILS? YIKES! It s official! Lois Lerner is the bitter b*tch we all knew she was when she took the 5th before Congress. Who s not surprised that she targeted conservatives while she was at the IRS. Remember Lois Lerner? How could you forget. She s the former head of the IRS  Exempted Organizations division who was caught using the agency to target Americans based on their political views.Well we now have snippets from some of her email conversations, and it becomes crystal clear that she targeted conservatives because, well, she really hates conservatives. Clearly the type of person who should be placed in a position of governmental power.From The Hill:Lois Lerner, the central figure in the IRS targeting controversy, called Abraham Lincoln the country s worst president in an email disclosed in a bipartisan Senate report, according to USA Today. Look my view is that Lincoln was our worst president not our best,  Lerner wrote in an email dated March 6, 2014.Lerner, the former IRS director of Exempted Organizations, joked in one email that the 16th president should have just let the South secede, rather than fighting the Civil War. He should [have] let the south go,  Lerner wrote in response to a friend who disparaged Texas as a  pathetic  state.  We really do seem to have [two] different mind sets.  And what is your  mind set  Ms. Lerner? That government officials should target American citizens if they hold political views you don t like?The report also highlighted emails written by Lerner calling conservatives  crazies  and  a holes.  Yes ladies and gentlemen, this is your government. Corrupt beyond belief, shady, unethical, dangerous and vengeful.So why is Lois Lerner not sitting in a jail cell for this clear abuse of power? Because oligarchy.Via: Zero Hedge",0
16138,OBAMA SIDEKICK VALERIE JARRETT In Hot Water Over Speaking Fee At Broke Public University,"Remember when Valerie Jarrett signed with a Hollywood talent agency? Well, we think she thinks she s a BIG deal now. How do we know? She charges $30K to speak! Who would pay a penny to hear this commie speak?A college in her hometown would pay this except they re going broke!That s a whopper of a bill for a university in her hometown that s going broke. There was an outcry when is was discovered that she would speak and charge $30K. Someone came forward to donate the fee but wouldn t it have been a great move on her part to donate the money to the failing university?Valerie Jarrett found herself in hot water in her adopted hometown for agreeing to take a $30,000 speaking fee from a public university that s going broke, a new report said Tuesday.President Obama s longtime adviser and confidante eventually waived the fee for delivering a commencement address at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago after an outcry over the hefty payment, Politico reported.The university shut down over spring break and also announced unpaid furlough days for staffers, the most recent in a string of measures taken to fight financial woes caused by a lengthy partisan state budget debate.The Chicago Sun-Times first reported the details in Jarrett s contract, and that a private donor agreed to pay her fee once university leaders raised objections. While keenly aware of the financial challenges in Illinois, we were not aware of the specific issues facing Northeastern Illinois University or that a donor would be paying for the speaking fee,  Amy Brundage, a Jarrett spokeswoman, told Politico. Jarrett notified [University] President [Richard] Helldobler this morning that she will not be accepting a speaking fee for the commencement address. Jarrett looks forward to addressing the graduates and other members of the NEIU community next month. NEIU board members were not amused about the deal paying so much for a speaker at a time the school is cutting programs and struggling to survive.Read more: NYP",0
16139,TUCKER CARLSON Shocked At Lawyer’s Delusion On Rejection Of Voter ID Law In Texas [Video],"A Texas federal judge appointed by Obama has again rejected the 2011 Texas voter ID law, stating that the legislators meant to discriminate against minority voters.Tucker Carlson interviewed one of the lawyers involved in the case. The reasoning is beyond flawed! The only people being discriminated against are the LEGAL voters of this nation! Why is this activist judge assuming that minorities are being discriminated against? You will find her reasoning to be biased and racist. The Court of Appeals even came back with this statement:  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant. U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos made this same ruling in 2014, which forced an appeal. The Fifth Circuit issued a stay against the order. The Supreme Court stepped in and allowed Texas to use the voter ID law.But last July the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans asked the judge  to re-examine the decision  since the judges found that  some of the evidence used by the judge wasn t relevant.  The two sides reached a deal for the 2016 election, which allowed a voter to  sign a declaration swearing that he or she has had a reasonable difficulty that prevented obtaining one of the accepted forms of photo identification. Ramos went back to the drawing board but came to the same conclusion.The Texas Tribune reported:After weighing the evidence again, she came to the same conclusion, according to Monday s ruling. Her decision did not identify what some have called a smoking gun showing intent to discriminate, but it cited the state s long history of discrimination;  virtually unprecedented radical departures from normal practices  in fast-tracking the 2011 bill through the Legislature; the legislation s  unduly strict  terms; and lawmakers   shifting rationales  for passing a law that some said was needed to crack down on voter fraud. The Court holds that the evidence found  infirm  did not tip the scales,  Ramos wrote. Civil rights groups and others suing the state offered evidence that  established a discriminatory purpose was at least one of the substantial or motivating factors behind passage of SB 14,  she added.The law requires a voter to use  one of seven forms of identification  when they vote. The voter can use a driver s license, concealed handgun license, military ID, passport, or a state-issued personal ID card.Democrats and civil rights activists claimed the  Republican legislators departed from procedural norms in passing the law, including classifying it as emergency legislation, cutting debate short and bypassing the ordinary committee process in both chambers. But Republican officials, which includes Governor Greg Abbott, insists the law stops voter ID and strengthens the integrity of elections.From The New York Times:They said that the law was aimed at preventing voter fraud and that the departures from the normal legislative process were made to prevent Democratic lawmakers from manipulating procedural rules to thwart passage. They maintained that opponents had turned up no evidence that any legislator had intended to discriminate against blacks and Hispanics.Texas lawmakers have not announced how they ll respond, but they can choose to appeal again.Fox News reported:Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton did not immediately react to the ruling, although the state could once again appeal, which is what one of Paxton s top deputies appeared to suggest would happen while testifying to lawmakers just as the ruling came down. Brantley Starr, a deputy first assistant attorney general, acknowledged that Texas could be dragged back under preclearance but noted there was little precedent. It s possible. It s our belief that you d have to have multiple instances of discriminatory purpose,  he said. ",0
16140,SHOCKING! HERE’S HOW OFTEN Airlines Bump Passengers From Flights [Video],"Who knew that the Department of Transportation keeps records on how many people are bumped involuntarily from a flight. Can you guess the numbers?Airlines have always bumped passengers from overbooked flights but with the recent a** kicking of a passenger on a United Airlines flight (see below), you probably never thought of it. Here s what we know:If you ve flown much then you know that airlines overbook flights. When that happens, they usually offer free tickets to anyone willing to give up their seat.In this case, EVERYONE wanted to stay on the plane including one man who eventually had to be physically tossed off by uniformed men He claimed to be a doctor and needed to get home to see patients in the morning. We re sure you ll hear more about this man but we can t verify that he s a doctor. We just find it odd that he would endure this treatment by the security at the airport. It was a disturbing situation for sure!In the fine print when you buy your ticket, the airline reserves the right to toss you if they re over booked This isn t the way to do it! Does anyone else out there REALLY miss the good old days of flying? I do!Flying these days can be a nightmare check this one out:A United passenger was forcibly removed from a flight from Chicago to Louisville after he refused to voluntarily give up his seat.Fellow passengers on the flight posted jarring videos late Sunday night of uniformed men dragging the man off of the flight after what United called an  overbook situation. Flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville was overbooked,  a United spokesperson told Yahoo News when asked about the incident.  After our team looked for volunteers, one customer refused to leave the aircraft voluntarily and law enforcement was asked to come to the gate. Audra D. Bridges and Tyler Bridges posted video of the incident:@united @FoxNews @CNN not a good way to treat a Doctor trying to get to work because they overbooked pic.twitter.com/sj9oHk94Ik  Tyler Bridges (@Tyler_Bridges) April 9, 2017ANOTHER ANGLE:@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here s how they did it: pic.twitter.com/QfefM8X2cW  Jayse D. Anspach (@JayseDavid) April 10, 2017Bridges and Anspach gave similar accounts of the incident to the Louisville Courier-Journal and on Twitter: United had overbooked the flight and was looking for four volunteers to leave the plane in order to send four United crew members to Louisville. Passengers were allowed to board and United offered $800 to anyone who gave up their seat, but when there were no volunteers, United said a computer would randomly select four passengers. The man in the video claimed to be a doctor who had patients to see in the morning and refused to leave, at which point airport security dragged him off the plane.The United Contract of Carriage lays out specific policies for passengers who are not allowed to board overbooked flights but doesn t cite policy for removing passengers who are already seated on such flights.Via: Yahoo",0
16141,“SENIOR U.S. OFFICIAL” Releases Damaging Information On Russian Involvement In Syria Gas Attack,"This is very curious! The AP is reporting a story from a  Senior U.S. Official  on Russia s involvement in the Syria gas attack. This official is saying that the we have evidence that Russia knew about the chemical weapon attack before it happened. This Associated Press report is interesting for a couple of reasons. Is the release of this information by a Senior U.S. Official an effort to embarrass Rex Tillerson or cause trouble for his trip to Russia?Tillerson will be in Russia in 36 hours so this will only add to the tension. Could this actually be the strategy of the Trump administration to give the upper hand to the U.S.?WASHINGTON (AP)   A senior U.S. official says the United States has concluded that Russia knew in advance of Syria s chemical weapons attack last week.The official says a Russian-operated drone flew over a hospital in Syria as victims of the attack were rushing to get treatment.Hours after the drone left, a Russian-made fighter jet bombed the hospital in what American officials believe was an attempt to cover up the usage of chemical weapons.Until Monday, U.S. officials had said they weren t sure if the drone was operated by Russia or Syria. The senior official said it still wasn t clear who was flying the jet that bombed the hospital.The official said the presence of the drone couldn t have been a coincidence, and that Russia must have known the chemical weapons attack was coming and that victims were seeking treatment.The official wasn t authorized to speak publicly on intelligence matters and demanded anonymity. Read more: AP",0
16142,HAPPY DAY! WATCH NEIL GORSUCH Take Oath Of Office…Gives Speech In Rose Garden: “I am humbled…” [Video],"Who says President Trump isn t moving on his agenda? Neil Gorsuch became the 113th justice of the Supreme Court today! Be happy America! Our president chose a perfect candidate to replace Justic Scalia.Now if we can just get Ruth to step down That would be great! She s hanging on for dear life because she knows Trump will pick someone who s NOT a liberal hack. It s puzzling that she even made it on the court because of her very liberal views! She s an outspoken critic of President Trump and has recently spoken out on his immigration policy.Gorsuch took the Constitutional Oath in a private ceremony, administered by Chief Justice John Roberts in the Supreme Court s Justice s Conference Room. He was accompanied by his wife Louise, who held the Bible, and his two daughters. That oath will be followed by a public ceremony at the White House where Justice Anthony Kennedy   Gorsuch s former boss   will administer the Judicial Oath.Gorsuch takes the seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February last year, and whom Gorsuch has been compared favorably to by conservatives hopeful for another originalist on the court.Gorsuch is likely to cast a deciding vote in a number of high-profile cases, which in part explains the terse and partisan hearing the 49-year-old faced. The high stakes led Republicans to trigger the  nuclear option  last week to kill the 60-vote filibuster threshold for Supreme Court nominees.Justice Anthony Kennedy, Gorsuch s former boss, administered the Judicial Oath in the Rose Garden with President Donald Trump present. Fox News continued: In his remarks, Gorsuch thanked his family and the American people for entrusting him with such an important job: To the American people, I am humbled by the trust placed in me today,  Gorsuch said after taking the oath.  I will never forget to whom much is given to much will be expected, and I promise you that I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great nation. ",0
16143,BREAKING NEWS: US Navy Strike Group Is Moving Toward Korean Peninsula As Show Of Force [VIDEO],"The U.S. bombardment of a Syrian airbase just outside of Homs Friday was likely seen by North Korea as a clear warning that President Trump will use his military if United States interests are at risk.The immediate focus after the strikes was on Russia s Vladimir Putin s reaction. Russia was not happy with the U.S., it spoke in defense of Syria and moved warships. But now the attention is on the next move by another world leader: Kim Jong-Un.Gordon Chang, a Daily Beast columnist and author of  Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes On The World,  said in an emailed statement to Fox News Friday that the U.S. strike on the Syrian airfield  tells North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un that he must now heed American military power, something that he probably dismissed before. Kim s father, Kim Jong Il, disappeared from public view for about six weeks in 2003 at the time of the Iraq war. Kim Jong-Un loves the public spotlight, and it will be telling if he similarly goes into hiding,  the author said.   FOX NewsBREAKING: A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea s advancing weapons program.Earlier this month North Korea tested a liquid-fueled Scud missile which only traveled a fraction of its range.The strike group, called Carl Vinson, includes an aircraft carrier and will make its way from Singapore toward the Korean peninsula, according to the official, who was not authorized to speak to the media and requested anonymity. We feel the increased presence is necessary,  the official said, citing North Korea s worrisome behavior.The news was first reported by Reuters.In a statement late Saturday, the U.S. Navy s Third Fleet said the strike group had been directed to sail north, but it did not specify the destination. The military vessels will operate in the Western Pacific rather than making previously planned port visits to Australia, it added.This year North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong Un, have repeatedly indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as April 15, the 105th birthday of North Korea s founding president and celebrated annually as  the Day of the Sun. Read more: Reuters",0
16144,BREAKING WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL! Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich Was DNC LEAKER: “He Was My Whistleblower”,"Conspiracy theories have been surrounding the murder of Seth Rich. They reached a new frenzy after the hacking of DNC e-mails led to the resignation of its chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.Rich was beaten, shot and killed early on the morning of July 8 while he was walking home and talking on the phone to his girlfriend. Police have said they haven t determined if his murder was a botched robbery or something else. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone.Wikileaks just confirmed murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was the source of the DNC leak.Wikileaks released a series direct messages from US alleged  Russian spy  Guccifer 2.0 to actress model Robbin Young (according to Young).In the stream of texts the discussion leads to the DNC leaker.His name is  Seth ** In November Julian Assange said Russia did not hack into the DNC servers. -h/t GP Here s the proof:Direct Messages from U.S. alleged Russian spy @GUCCIFER_2 to actress-model @robbin_young (according to the latter) https://t.co/uMsB9WgxRQ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 8, 2017Actress Robbin Young claims she had given this information she received from Guccifer 2.0 to the authorities but,  no one cared :https://twitter.com/Robbin_Young/status/850743524953702404Actress Robbin Young states that Guccifer 2.0 told her,  i m eager to find facts about seth, i m sure it wasn t just a robbery. seth was assassinated. :Guccifer 2.0 said, ""i'm eager to find fact about seth, i'm sure it wasn't just a robbery. seth was assassinated."" #SethRich  Robbin Young (@Robbin_Young) March 29, 2017In June 2016,the hacker Guccifer 2.0 claimed responsibility for breaking into the Democratic National Committee s servers, lifting opposition research the DNC had gathered, including a 200-page document focused on presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.The hacker s moniker is an homage to  Guccifer,  the nom de guerre of Romanian hacker Marcel Lazar who claimed a previous hack into Hillary Clinton s private email server and is now awaiting prosecution for cybercrimes.  RTWhile Wikileaks  Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich. Watch Assange s strange and somewhat cagey reply.Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Watch it again in slow motion below:Watch Assange answer question about Seth Rich s murder again in slow-motion: THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks  source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Seth Rich s parents explain what happened only moments before his death. He was the Voter Expansion Data Director for the DNC. His parents say he was,  Making sure everyone who wanted to vote, had the opportunity :Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI that fateful morning, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.More recently, Wikileaks s thousands of DNC emails and voice mails have piqued Reddit s interest, with Redditors combing through years of communications looking for any clue to Rich s murder.The theory is apparently based on Julian Assange s recent ITV appearance, where he scoffed at the idea that Russian hackers could be responsible for the data dump, and said that  anyone  within the Democrats  organization could easily have sent Wikileaks the offending messages.Given that Rich as a DNC staffer presumably would have had some access to its servers, Reddit is absolutely positive Rich paid the ultimate price for exposing Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC s crusade against Bernie Sanders.  HeatstreetGo HERE for fascinating timeline of events leading up to the brutal murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ",0
16145,WOW! FBI SUED Over Andrew Breitbart Records Request…What Are They Withholding?,"The speech he gave to a sold out crowd on Saturday is epic. We often listen to it to get fired up about bringing down the commies currently trying to destroy America. It s truly epic! THE SPEECH THAT BREITBART IS BEST KNOWN FOR IS HIS CPAC SPEECH:The complaint, filed Friday in federal court in California, says that Leopold filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the FBI for  all records related to Andrew Breitbart  on Aug. 7, 2012, a few months after Breitbart died at age 43.According to the suit, the FBI responded to the request on Sept. 4, but said that the bureau only searched it  main file records,  claiming that no records were located.The complaint says that Leopold appealed the FBI s response but was denied by the U.S. Department of Justice Office of Information in 2013. In its appeal decision, OIP claimed that the FBI is not required to perform cross-reference searches unless the requester provides  information sufficient to enable the FBI to determine with certainty that any cross-references it locates are identifiable to the subject of [the] request,  including, for example, the dates and locations of contacts between the subject of the request and the FBI, the subject s social security number, or other such information,  the suit reads.However, BuzzFeed and Leopold contend in the complaint,  Nothing in the FOIA statute requires a requester to provide this information before a cross-reference search must be conducted. As FBI and OIP are certainly aware, Andrew Breitbart was a well-known public figure and is easily identifiable by the FBI in conducting a cross-reference search,  the suit reads.  As the FBI and OIP are also aware, cross-reference searches frequently turn up records not located in main file searches. Via: THE WRAP",0
16146,WATCH MSNBC LIBERAL HACKS Claim Conspiracy Between Trump and Putin On Syria Attack [Video],"Have these two been watching the news?The Russian President has immediately sent his Admiral Grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the Black Sea to dock in Syria later. It will pass through the east Mediterranean waters where the USS Ross and USS Porter fired the 59 Tomahawk missiles that pounded Assad s al-Shayrat military airfield near Homs in the early hours of Friday. Bret Baier tweeted out the news: Putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between Russian and US fighter jets over Syria. In the continuing fight back Russian or Syrian planes also bombed the town of Khan Sheikhoun, the scene of Tuesday s horrific chemical gas attack where 80 died, witnesses in the rebel-held area claimed. The US was also branded  a partner of ISIS  by al-Assad s spokesman, calling the missile strikes  reckless and irresponsible  and accused Trump of  naively falling  for a  false propaganda campaign  about the Idlib Sarin massacre. Today world leaders praised the US strikes and urged Putin to hold urgent talks with Trump to prevent the Syria crisis escalating into a wider world conflict. Nikki Haley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. .@Nikkihaley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary.  #Syria pic.twitter.com/asNvxTZMUz  CSPAN (@cspan) April 7, 2017 French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, speaking alongside German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, said:  We do not want an escalation. We have to stop the hypocrisy. If Russia is acting in good faith it should stop and negotiate . Read more: Daily Mail",0
16147,DID OBAMA ROB FANNIE & FREDDIE OF BILLIONS? Dr. Ben Carson’s Shocking Discovery At HUD Could Be A Clue! [Video],"Dr. Ben Carson just found over $500 Billion missing in an audit of HUD: Link to HUD ReportTHE LAST PARAGRAPH OF THE REPORT SAYS IT ALL:HUD management is downplaying the severity of the condition and impact of the errors identified, which were significant enough to cause it to recall its published AFR and reissue its fiscal year 2016 consolidated financial statements and notes. While the errors identified may not have changed HUD s financial position, as HUD states at the bottom of its financial statements,  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  These notes contained errors of $516.4 billion.Fraud and mismanagement is rampant!The total amounts of errors corrected in HUD s notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion.These unresolved audit matters relate to(1) the Office of General Counsel s refusal to sign the management representation letter.(2) HUD s improper use of cumulative and first-in, first-out budgetary accounting methods of disbursing community planning and development program funds.(3) the $4.2 billion in non pooled loan assets from Ginnie Mae s stand-alone financial statements that we could not audit due to inadequate support.(4) the improper accounting for certain HUD assets and liabilities, and (5) material differences between HUD s subledger and general ledger accounts.This audit report contains 11 material weaknesses, 7 significant deficiencies, and 5 instances of noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.Could it be that Dr. Carson is on to something?Obama took billions frm Fannie & Freddie to fund Obamacare  & he s still trying to cover his tracks #FridayFeeling pic.twitter.com/zdSKFpq1g9  STOCK MONSTER (@StockMonsterUSA) April 7, 2017",0
16148,BREAKING: PUTIN Makes Aggressive Military Move After Trump Hit Syria With Airstrikes,"The Russian President has immediately sent his Admiral Grigorovich frigate   armed with cruise missiles and a self-defence system   from the Black Sea to dock in Syria later. It will pass through the east Mediterranean waters where the USS Ross and USS Porter fired the 59 Tomahawk missiles that pounded Assad s al-Shayrat military airfield near Homs in the early hours of Friday. Bret Baier tweeted out the news: Putin today called it an  illegal act of aggression  and also ripped up an agreement to avoid mid-air clashes between Russian and US fighter jets over Syria. In the continuing fight back Russian or Syrian planes also bombed the town of Khan Sheikhoun, the scene of Tuesday s horrific chemical gas attack where 80 died, witnesses in the rebel-held area claimed. The US was also branded  a partner of ISIS  by al-Assad s spokesman, calling the missile strikes  reckless and irresponsible  and accused Trump of  naively falling  for a  false propaganda campaign  about the Idlib Sarin massacre. Today world leaders praised the US strikes and urged Putin to hold urgent talks with Trump to prevent the Syria crisis escalating into a wider world conflict. Nikki Haley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. .@Nikkihaley says U.S.  took a very measured step last night. We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary.  #Syria pic.twitter.com/asNvxTZMUz  CSPAN (@cspan) April 7, 2017 French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, speaking alongside German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, said:  We do not want an escalation. We have to stop the hypocrisy. If Russia is acting in good faith it should stop and negotiate . Read more: Daily Mail",0
16149,MARK STEYN NAILS IT ON SYRIA STRATEGY: “Last night was inauguration day. America is back in the world.” [Video],"MARK STEYN ON TRUMP S MOVE LAST NIGHT:   @MarkSteynOnline pic.twitter.com/CM21gVlFWW  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 7, 2017Gen. Jack Keane said this is a  major setback  for Russia and Iran, close allies of the regime of Syrian President Bashar-al Assad. These airstrikes are a sign that the U.S. is open to taking a more aggressive role in the Syrian civil war. This is an incredible message. It should have been sent many years ago by the Obama administration. MARK STEYN NAILS IT ON INTERVENTION IN SYRIA:Mark Steyn nailed it when he said that President Trump should be cautious about using American power to overthrow a dictator without a very clear endgame:  To go back to the Democrats  most notorious debacle, Hillary thought knocking off Gaddafi in Libya would be easy and cost-free. What we know now is that it left a power vacuum and further destabilized the Middle East. You ve got to have an endgame here. You ve got to know what you want Syria to look like after Assad, or it s a waste of time. Trump has been very clear that he regards running around Afghanistan for 15 years as a complete waste of time. He doesn t want to get into a similar situation. THE COMMENTS BEGIN ON SYRIA AT THE 3:00 MARK:",0
16150,DR GORKA EXPOSES THE COMMIES: One Word Susan Rice Cronies Used Is A Warning To Americans [Video],The weaponization of the security services is what you expect in a banana republic and a police state or authoritarian state. And let s just look into one more piece of evidence. These individuals are politically appointed. I am politically appointed. I served as a commissioned officer of the president. So did she. We understand that. But you re supposed to be a professional I challenge your viewers right now to go to her twitter feed and read her tweets after January 20th and read her colleagues  Ben Rhodes and Colin Kahl. You will see who these people really are Just three weeks ago Colin Kahl used the word purge Purging is the kind of word Maoists use. These people have unmasked themselves PURGE Susan Rice and her cronies only want to destroy the Trump administration. Maoists all ,0
16151,LEAKED DOCUMENTS Show How This American Citizen Works To Affect Outcomes Of Elections Around The World,"Leaked documents from George Soros  Open Society Foundations reveal how Soros works to defeat populist candidates and movements in Europe.Soros, a U.S. citizen, uses a network of nonprofits and partner organizations across Europe to try and affect the outcomes of elections in foreign countries, the documents show.Through advocacy efforts, education campaigns and media influencing projects, Soros does his best to affect electoral outcomes around the globe in support of his open borders worldview.Populist candidates opposed to mass immigration represent a direct threat to that worldview: THE PM OF HUNGARY HAS CALLED OUT SOROS ON HIS MASS MIGRATION EFFORT: It is causing trouble   that they are trying secretly and with foreign money to influence Hungarian politics,  Orban said.OSF sent $35,000 to the Athena Institute for the express purpose of  Analyzing and reporting the 2014 European elections and countering extremist and populist political voices in Hungary. Another $49,930 went to the Institute for European Policy for  Naming and shaming populism in [the European Parliament] election campaign  in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia.Another $27,049 was given to the Public Diplomacy Council of Catalonia for a workshop to influence  leading journalists and media practitioners from Europe  to change their coverage to prevent  populist, xenophobic and Eurosceptic movements. The stated aim of the workshop was to  trigger a change of attitude amongst journalists and media practitioners so that they will report about the EU in a way that does not directly promote the cause of these movements. An OSF spokesperson said the organization  has funded efforts to encourage voter participation and education, encourage policy innovation, and promote independent journalism to help make governments of all types more transparent and accountable to the people they serve. Open Society Foundations does not financially support candidates for public office. OSF may not financially support candidates for public office, but it is clear from the documents that OSF did support organizations who opposed candidates who clash with the OSF worldview.A $46,840 grant to the Center for Peace Studies, for example, was meant to  stimulate public support and election turnout among ambivalent voters in order to prevent the election of xenophobic, racist, and other radical political options representing Croatia at the EU level.  Supporting restrictions on immigration is typically synonymous with  xenophobia  in OSF s internal documents.Another $100,000 went to UNITED for Intercultural Action to  counter the election [of European Members of Parliament] from populist and far-right parties in Europe. According to the documents, UNITED teamed up with the European Network Against Racism (ENAR) and Hope not Hate to push back against populist candidates in all 28 member states of the EU, while  particularly focusing  on five countries: France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, and the Netherlands. Local groups in these five countries will be formed to organize meetings and door-to-door campaigns ahead of the EP elections to (1) encourage voters to register and vote; and (2) to vote for non-extremist candidates,  the documents state.Netherlands, a separate OSF document explained, was one of the five  priority countries  because of the rise of the far-right PPV party, lead by populist Geert Wilders.OSF chose Netherlands because polling showed PPV  will have a very good result in the European Parliament elections, and because it is one of the drivers of anti-European and anti-migration discourse in the EU. Another document, from two months before the 2014 EP elections, stated that OSF s strategy in the Netherlands varied depending on the success of Wilders and PPV. The outcome of the European Parliament elections in May 2014 and how well the PPV, the populist party of Geert Wilders, does will help to determine [OSF s] next steps in the Netherlands,  the document stated.In total, Soros gave more than $6 million to 90 different partner organizations to influence the outcome of the 2014 European Parliamentary elections.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16152,U.N. AMB NIKKI HALEY SHOWS PHOTOS…SHOCKS U.N. SECURITY COUNCIL “We will continue to see pictures that we can’t unsee” [Video],"BREAKING: In UN, Amb. Haley shows images of children victimized by Syria chemical attack:  Look at those pictures!  https://t.co/iVGlbSX3fz  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) April 5, 2017 We saw rows of lifeless bodies, some still in diapers, some with visible scars of a chemical weapons attack. What option do we have after Syria s Assad gassed his own people? Russia and Iran are assisting Syria so that makes it even harder to deal with: If Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have, we need to see them use it. The truth is that Assad, Russia, and Iran have no interest in peace. We know that yesterday s attack was a new low, even for Assad s regime. Nikki Haley following yesterday s attack in Syria:  How many more children have to die before Russia cares?  https://t.co/0ICwAh1wuC  Axios (@axios) April 5, 2017What s the end game here?Preisdent Trump called out Obama for establishing a red line but doing nothing about it.  When the UN consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times we are compelled to take our own action    Nikki Haley",0
16153,WHICH IS IT? DID SUSAN RICE Lie to Andrea Mitchell or Judy Woodruff Two Weeks Ago? [Video],"WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017 I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble!",0
16154,NEW SMOKING GUN IRS DOCUMENTS Prove Targeting of Conservative Groups,"Remember the emotional testimony of Wetumpka Tea Party leader Becky Garritson:The documents were produced after a revelation by the IRS that it had located  an additional 6,924 documents of potentially responsive records  relating to a 2015 Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit about the Obama IRS targeting scandal. The FOIA lawsuit seeks records about the IRS  selection of individuals and organizations for audits based upon applications requesting nonprofit tax status filed by Tea Party and other 501(c)(4) tax-exempt organizations (Judicial Watch v. Internal Revenue Service (No. 1:15-cv-00220)).Of the 695 pages of documents released by the IRS, 422 (61%) were withheld in their entirety. These newly identified records are not records that were contained in the  Congressional Database,  which the IRS created in 2013 to house records responsive to congressional inquiries into the IRS scandal.Included among the newly released  material is a June 20, 2013, memo from Karen Schiller, then-Acting Director, EO Rulings and Agreement, suspending use of the controversial Be on the Lookout (BOLO) and Touch and Go (TAG) lists:EO Rulings and Agreements is undertaking a comprehensive review of screening and identification of critical issues. We intend to develop proper procedures and uses for these types of documents. Until a more formal process for identification, approval and distribution of this type of data is established, Rulings and Agreements will not use this technique to elevate issues.In an August 9, 2013, memo, Schiller admitted the IRS used political labels in targeting the groups for special scrutiny and possible audit and that, going forward, the agency would screen organizations based only on their activities,  not words  or  labels of any kind: As Acting Commissioner Danny Werfel has said, the IRS has taken decisive action to eliminate the use of inappropriate political labels in the screening of 501(c)(4) applications. IRS policy is now clear that screening is based on activity, not words in a name. The new steps and current policies were outlined in the June 24 report, which noted:  In the absence of BOLO lists, the Determinations Unit will continue to screen for information affecting the determination of applications for tax exempt status, including activity tied to political campaign intervention, but it [will] be done without regard to specific labels of any kind.  The 30-day report also reflects the June 20, 2013 memorandum, which was issued to officially suspend the use of the BOLO list in the screening process.The documents also include a  Dear Applicant  letter which offers an  expedited process  for 501(c)(4)s in exchange for restriction on their activities:This optional expedited process is currently available only to applicants for 501(c)(4) status with applications pending for more than 120 days as of May 28, 2013, that indicate the organization may be involved in political campaign intervention.In this optional process, an organization will represent that it satisfies, and will continue to satisfy, set percentages with respect to the level of its social welfare activities and political campaign intervention activities (as defined in the specific instructions on pages 5-7). These percentage representations are not an interpretation of law but are a safe harbor for those organizations that choose to participate in the optional process.On September 30, 2013, Acting Director, Exempt Organizations, Kenneth C. Corbin, sent a memo to IRS staff providing detailed guidance on classifying applications when  merit approval  is not an option,  emphasizing that the determination is to be based on  facts and circumstances,  not  words and labels: Classifier reviews the application and determines if it should be routed to a specialty group. This determination is based upon facts and circumstances of the stated activities within Part II of the application rather than names or labels. This is consistent with Karen Schiller s August 9, 2013 memorandum  The Schiller and Corbin memos came on the heels of the May 14, 2013, Inspector General report revealing that the IRS had singled out groups using conservative-sounding terms such as  patriot  and  Tea Party  when applying for tax-exempt status. The IG probe determined that  Early in Calendar Year 2010, the IRS began using inappropriate criteria to identify organizations applying for tax-exempt status (e.g., lists of past and future donors)  and  delayed processing of targeted groups  applications  in advance of the 2012 presidential election.Of the 422 withheld pages, 98% (all but nine) cited the FOIA  deliberative process  provision under FOIA Exemption 5. No wonder the Obama IRS has been hiding these records. The new smoking-gun documents contain admissions by the Obama IRS that it inappropriately targeted conservative groups,  said Judicial Watch President, Tom Fitton.  But the records also show that the abuse continued   as the Obama IRS tried to force conservative applicants to give up their First Amendment rights in order to finally get their applications granted. Previously, Judicial Watch released IRS documents containing email correspondence dated April 2, 2013, from former IRS Director of Exempt Organizations, Lois Lerner, to internal IRS investigators revealing the inappropriate BOLO criteria used to select conservative organizations for screening and scrutiny:The screening [Cincinnati field office] group manager asked his employees how they were applying the BOLO s short-hand reference to  tea party.  His employees responded that they were including organizations meeting any of the following criteria as falling within the BOLO s reference to  tea party  organizations:  1.  Tea Party ,  Patriots  or  9/12 Project  is referenced in the case file. 2. Issues include government spending, government debt and taxes. 3. Educate the public through advocacy/legislative activities to make America a better place to live. 4. Statements in the case file that are critical of the how the country is being run  Via: Judicial Watch",0
16155,ORRIN HATCH Shuts Down Liberal Hack Comparing Neil Gorsuch To Merrick Garland: “It’s total B.S.!” [Video],"Judge Napolitano explains what s going on as only he can do   He does a great job! The Senate has a rule they can force the senate to raise the majority to 60 that s called a filibuster.  Napolitano goes on the explain that the Dems are furious because Obama s pick for the court wasn t given his day. They also obviously feel Gorsuch is too conservative. The hypocrisy of the Democrats and Chuck Schumer is exposed when a video of past approval for Gorsuch is shown. Schumer, Blumenthal and Nelson are voting no. Democrats who are up for reelection are voting yes.Orrin Hatch on Democrats:  They re politicizing this whole process. This is a guy who is a mainstream conservative, which they hate. They don t like that. And of course, they are still upset about my other friend, Merrick Garland. But the Republicans had every right to delay that within a presidential election year. I can t go back in time and show you any case where in a presidential election year they allowed a Supreme Court justice to be nominated unless both sides agreed. And both sides didn t agree. ",0
16156,AMBASSADOR JOHN BOLTON: Susan Rice Has “Real Legal Problems Here” [Video],"Ambassador John Bolton was on Lou Dobbs tonight to comment on the Susan Rice news. It s being reported that she called for the unmasking of names for likely political reasons. if that s the case then she can be charged with fraud She should lawyer up ASAP. Reports are showing that the unmasking and spying increased as it came closer to Trump s inauguration. That could be the clue that this was stricly political. Who can forget her lies on 5 different morning shows after Benghazi. She s clearly someone who has zero credibility and who should be investigated for using intelligence for political purposes. Throw her in the slammer or give her immunity and make her talk?John Bolton    This is stunning news. And you can t, even somebody as senior as the National Security Advisor, can t just decide they d like to unmask names to find out whose name is involved in a particular intercept  If she said that even somebody as senior as her but her real motivation was political she was committing a kind of fraud on the intelligence gathering system and if she participated in that kind of fraud to help the political misuse of that intelligence she s got serious legal problems here. .@AmbJohnBolton says Susan Rice defrauded the intelligence system:  She s got real legal problems here.  #MAGA #Dobbs @POTUS pic.twitter.com/IIqdBN5AS0  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) April 3, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON SUSAN RICE FROM ADAM HOUSLEY:FOX NEWS ALERT: New details on @adamhousley's report; sources telling him the official who 'unmasked' Trump associates is 'very high up' pic.twitter.com/nowhUIIDSb  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017 ",0
16157,AWESOME! SEAN SPICER Gives Trump’s Salary Away At Press Briefing [Video],"Zinke and Brandyburg accompanied Spicer to the podium on Monday   where the White House Press Secretary announced that President Donald Trump was donating the salary from his entire first quarter as president to the National Parks Service. It is my pleasure, on behalf of the President of the United States, to present a check for $78,333, to the Secretary of the Interior Ron Zinke, and superintendent of the Harpers Ferry Park Sites, superintendent Brandyburg,  Spicer said.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRaLJumoAGoVia: Mediate",0
16158,FOX NEWS REPORTER Busts Spying On Trump Wide Open…Additional “Unmaskings” That Had Zero To Do With National Security [Video],"FOX NEWS ALERT: New details on @adamhousley s report; sources telling him the official who  unmasked  Trump associates is  very high up  pic.twitter.com/nowhUIIDSb  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 3, 2017",0
16159,REPUBLICAN TURNS TABLES ON FBI: Deputy Director On The Hot Seat Now," GCHQ director Robert Hannigan is stepping down after only two years as chief of the cyber spy agency for  personal reasons,  the intelligence service has announced. Recall also that Judge Napolitano said three sources told him the British spy agency had something to do with the witch hunt on Trump: JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017 Grassley began his investigation after the Washington Post reported on February 28 that the FBI,  a few weeks before the election,  agreed to pay former British spy Christopher Steele to investigate Trump.Prior to that, supporters of the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign had paid Steele to gather intelligence on Clinton s Republican rival. In the end, the FBI did not pay Steele, the Post reported, after the dossier  became the subject of news stories, congressional inquiries and presidential denials.  It is not clear whether Steele worked under agreement with the FBI for any period of time before the payment deal fell through. The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for president in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends,  Grassley wrote in a letter to Comey dated March 28.MCCABE HAS BEEN ON THE HOT SEAT BEFORE:BREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McAuliffe and other state party leaders recruited Dr. McCabe to run, according to party officials. She lost the election to incumbent Republican Dick Black.A spokesman for the governor said he  supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator. This is a customary practice for Virginia governors  Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Among political candidates that year, Dr. McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from Common Good VA, the governor s PAC, according to campaign finance records. Dan Gecker received $781,500 from the PAC and $214,456 from the state party for a campaign that raised $2.9 million, according to records; and Jeremy McPike received $803,500 from the PAC and $535,162 from the state party, raising more $3.8 million that year for his candidacy.The governor could recall only one meeting with Mr. McCabe when he and other state Democrats met with the couple on March 7, 2015, to urge Dr. McCabe to run, according to the spokesman. Via: Washington Examiner",0
16160,BREAKING: A Third Democrat Senator To Vote For Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch,"Assuming all Republicans support Gorsuch, the nominee would need the votes of five more Democrats to achieve the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster. If the number does not hit 60, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated he will invoke the  nuclear option  to end filibusters of Supreme Court nominees and require only a majority vote for confirmation.Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., and Joe Minchin, D-W.Va., announced Thursday they would vote to confirm Gorsuch to the Supreme Court: Senators have a constitutional obligation to advice and consent on a nominee to fill this Supreme Court vacancy and, simply put, we have a responsibility to do our jobs as elected officials,  Manchin said in a statement Thursday.  I will vote to confirm him to be the ninth justice on the Supreme Court. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csE04bREOAEHeitcamp of North Dakota also pledged her vote for Gorsuch and released a statement to confirm:  After doing my due diligence by meeting with Judge Gorsuch and reviewing his record and testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, I ve decided to vote in favor of his confirmation. He has a record as a balanced, meticulous, and well-respected jurist who understands the rule of law, . ",0
16161,RIDICULOUS! CHUCK SCHUMER Wants Republicans To Pick Another Supreme Court Nominee [Video],"RIDICULOUS! Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee. Sen. Schumer on Gorsuch nominee:  When a nominee doesn t get 60 votes, you shouldn t change the rules   you should change the nominee.  pic.twitter.com/1QmmZZSkcT  Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) April 2, 2017",0
16162,NEWT GINGRICH HITS THE NAIL ON THE HEAD: Here’s Where The REAL Influence and Money Is With The Russians [Video]," All of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the Russians relates to Democrats.    Newt Gingrich Leave it to Newt to cut through all of the BS! .@newtgingrich: ""All of the real evidence of real money and real influence buying by the Russians relates to Democrats."" #SundayFutures pic.twitter.com/niWt9bLrZJ  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 2, 2017 ",0
16163,BONKERS BERNIE SANDERS: Prioritizing Jobs Over Climate Change Is ‘Stupid and Dangerous’ [Video],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPqQIlWksbgVermont Sen. Bernard Sanders told CNN Thursday that President Trump s plan to prioritize job creation over climate change regulations is  stupid and dangerous.  The commander in chief signed an  Energy Independence  executive order Tuesday as a means of rolling back former President Barack Obama s Clean Power Plan. Mr. Trump said his policies will cause  wealth to pour into our communities,  although Mr. Sanders frames it as a recipe for environmental disaster.  [This plan is a] nonsensical, and stupid, and dangerous approach,  Mr. Sanders told CNN s Wolf Blitzer Thursday.  It s almost indescribable. Look, the scientific community is virtually unanimous. While Trump and his friends think climate change is a hoax, what the scientists are telling us it is real, it is caused by human activity. It is already causing devastating problems.  The Trump administration argues on the White House website that its actions will prevent $39 billion in electricity hikes, allow 242 million tons of coal to benefit the American economy, and disbands the Interagency Working Group on the Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.  I am taking historic steps to lift restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations,  Mr. Trump said Tuesday while surrounded by coal industry executives. Kentucky Coal Association President Tyler White cheered the move soon afterward.Read more: WT",0
16164,BUSTED! CLINTON ADVISOR JOHN PODESTA Paid BIG Money By Russia [Video],"Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU  Based Vet   (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017 ",0
16165,MICHAEL FLYNN’S LAWYER Releases Statement Scorching “Highly Politicized Witch Hunt”, ,0
16166,ROB SCHNEIDER Nails The Russia Conspiracy Theorists In One Hysterical Tweet, ,0
16167,REPORT: FBI DIRECTOR COMEY Blocked By Obama Administration Last Summer On Supposed Russian “Influence” In 2016 Election,"Comey would likely have pitched the op-ed to The New York Times.DEMOCRATS ON INTEL COMMITTEE CONTINUE THEIR ASSERTION OF RUSSIAN  MEDDLING  WHEN THERE WAS ZERO EVIDENCE OF IT:The question of collusion between Russian interests and Trump s campaign continues, despite repeated assertions by the president s spokesman that no link exists and no evidence emerging to show complicityWhite House Press Secretary Sean Spicer dismissed inquiries about the matter Tuesday, saying  every single person who s been briefed on this, as I ve said ad nauseam from this podium   have been very clear that there is no connection between the president or the staff here and anyone doing anything with Russia. SENATE INTEL INCLUDING MARK WARNER WANT YOU TO LOOK AT THE SHINY OBJECT OVER HERE DISTRACT, DISTRACT, DISTRACT FROM THE REAL CRIME OF SPYING ON AMERICANS:Leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee announced Wednesday they are expanding their investigation of Russia s interference in the U.S. presidential campaign and beyond, vowing to remain independent and  get to the bottom of this    amid mounting controversy over a similar probe on the House side.The senators announced they are now scheduling interviews and reviewing thousands of sensitive documents, and are prepared to issue subpoenas if necessary.Michael Flynn was fired as national security adviser after it emerged he lied about pre-inauguration contacts with a Russian official. As for  staff here  being in the clear, as Spicer put it, they have neither been identified as targets of the investigations nor ruled out.A close adviser to Trump, son-in-law Jared Kushner, has agreed to talk to lawmakers about the Russia allegations. Other Trump associates have volunteered to be interviewed by the House and Senate intelligence committees as well.Via: FOX News",0
16168,SARA CARTER Uncovers Explosive Evidence Of Violations Of American Civil Liberties By Obama [Video],"OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS: How scary is this to anyone who thinks the government can t spy on them: The justification for requesting unmasking (revealing your identity) can be as simple as claiming  the identity of the United States person (you) is necessary to understand foreign intelligence information or assess its importance . It does sound far-fetched but just ask FOX News reporter James Rosen who was spied on by Obama. Yes, Barack Obama spied on Americans by using the excuse that it was  necessary  to expose the name of the person the NSA was spying on. In other words, the use of intelligence information was mishandled for political purposes by a dirt bag president who only knows Chicago politics So Obama spied on Trump, right? Well, if he spied on James Rosen then you know damn well he spied on Trump. Yes, this backdoor form of political espionage by an outgoing administration trying to monitor its successor on the world stage is as bad as it gets IT S BANANA REPUBLIC BAD  As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama s top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, Circa has learned.Dozens of times in 2016, those intelligence reports identified Americans who were directly intercepted talking to foreign sources or were the subject of conversations between two or more monitored foreign figures. Sometimes the Americans  names were officially unmasked; other times they were so specifically described in the reports that their identities were readily discernible. Among those cleared to request and consume unmasked NSA-based intelligence reports about U.S. citizens were Obama s national security adviser Susan Rice, his CIA Director John Brennan and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Some intercepted communications from November to January involved Trump transition figures or foreign figures  perceptions of the incoming president and his administration. Intercepts involving congressional figures also have been unmasked occasionally for some time.The NSA is expected to turn over logs as early as this week to congressional committees detailing who consumed reports with unmasked Americans  identities from their intercepts since the summer of 2016.Read more: Circa News",0
16169,HE’S BAAACK! JUDGE NAPOLITANO On FOX News Not Backing Down From Obama Spying Claim [Video],"OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON JUDGE NAPOLITAN S CLAIM ABOUT SPYING ON TRUMP: JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency The interesting thing is that the director of the British Intel Agency resigned unexpectedly the day after Trump s inauguration. Hummm .@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017",0
16170,WATCH: TSA’S PAT-DOWN At Dallas Airport Leaves Mother Enraged: “We have been through hell this morning” [Video]," TSA allows for a pat-down of a teenage passenger, and in this case, all approved procedures were followed to resolve an alarm of the passenger s laptop,  spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein said in an email.Huh? Was the laptop given a full groping too? Why would they need to do this if the teen set off no alarms but a computer did?For at least two minutes, the TSA officer at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport gives the boy a going-over that just seems a little too thorough.Read more: WaPoTSA SEXUALLY MOLESTS TEEN AT LAGUARDIA: This is so scary for anyone out there but especially for parents who fly their kids to different places alone. This TSA agent took advantage of this young girl who was probably scared to death. Horrible!A college student was sexually molested at LaGuardia Airport by a uniformed TSA agent who demanded she go into a bathroom with him after she got off a flight so she could be searched, sources told The Post.The 22-year-old victim, who is Korean, had gotten off the plane from Salt Lake City around 8 p.m. Tuesday when the agent approached her on the third floor of Terminal B. He  lured  her into the bathroom by demanding she be searched and then molested her, the sources said. The woman filed a complaint with cops, and witnesses at a money exchange booth were able to help identify the sex fiend. The alleged assailant   a 5-foot-9, heavyset man wearing a TSA uniform   has been arrested and charged with sexual abuse, the sources said. The student picked the suspect out of a photo lineup. His identity was not immediately released. A spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration was not immediately able to provide any information about the arrest.",0
16171,BEAUTIFUL MELANIA WEARS LBD TO HOST Reception for Senators…Guess Who Was There Wearing A Smirk On His Face? [Video],"Trump commented about it during the reception: Hopefully it ll start being bipartisan. Because everybody really wants the same thing: We want greatness for this country that we love Chuck Schumer was at the event with a smirk on his face Peach of a guy, huh? He was recently spotted at a swanky Upper East side restaurant yelling at patrons he said voted for Trump. He s blocking literally everything Trump is trying to do including the vote on Neil Gorsuch.President Trump said he considers Schumer a friend He might want to rethink that! Read more: Daily Mail",0
16172,BREAKING: D.C. Driver Plows Into Capitol Police…Shots Fired,"It happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 100 block of Independence Ave., SW.The driver was arrested on the scene.Police say that officers fired shots, but no one was hit .Breaking News: Shots were fired after a US Capitol police cruiser was struck, Fox 5 reports, adding that a suspect is in custody. pic.twitter.com/0uW0wcj0BG  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 29, 2017",0
16173,TREY GOWDY ON SPYING ON AMERICAN CITIZENS…Like President Trump! [Video], ,0
16174,OUTRAGEOUS! Intimidation of Citizens Opposed to Mosque Goes to Court,"A press release by Bernards Township, NJ is provided here: PRESS RELEASEIf you speak out against building a mosque in your community, you may be slapped with a subpoena demanding all your personal documents, including emails, voicemails, text messages, and social media posts concerning Muslims, Islam, mosques, the Quran, Muslim worship or prayer services, wudu, imams, burkas, hijabs, Sharia, jihad, or anything else associated with or related to Muslims or Islam.This was part of the harassment and intimidation experienced by scores of private citizens of the small New Jersey town, Bernards Township (also known as Basking Ridge), who spoke out at public hearings against a plan to build a disproportionately-sized mosque on a small piece of residential property. The mosque project, sponsored by the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge ( ISBR ) and its president, Mohammad Ali Chaudry, was denied by Township officials for not complying with local building ordinances.On March 10, 2016, ISBR and Mohammad Ali Chaudry sued Bernards Township in federal court, claiming various violations of the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. Shortly after, ISBR had coercive subpoenas served on private citizens whose only involvement was voicing concerns at public planning board meetings about whether the proposed mosque complied with local building ordinances.The United States District Court for the District of New Jersey recently granted the Thomas More Law Center, a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, permission to represent, without charge, several of these citizens who desired to quash the coercive and abusive subpoenas. Westfield, New Jersey attorney Michael P. Hrycak is assisting the Law Center.Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of the Thomas More Law Center, commented:  ISBR is setting a dangerous unconstitutional precedent by abusing a court process to chill and trample on the First Amendment Rights of private citizens whose only involvement was to speak out against the mosque at public hearings. Because the U.S. Supreme Court has held that speech at a public place on a matter of public concern is entitled to special protection, we will ask the Federal District Court to quash the subpoenas served on our clients as a misuse and abuse of the Court s process. Lori Caratzola, described in the ISBR Complaint as a fervent and frequent objector to the mosque, was a prime target for ISBR s personal attacks. She was personally mentioned over a dozen times in their Complaint. Yet she has remained steadfast in her opposition. Ms. Caratzola commented:  Being served with a Federal Court Subpoena to turn over all my personal communications including voicemails, social media, emails, notes wherein I make any mention of anything having to do with Islam is an absolute violation of my First Amendment rights. I was a citizen exercising my right to attend public planning board meetings about a land use application that affected my community.  She continued:  Dr. Chaudry s clear intent was to embarrass, strike fear, silence and cause financial harm to any citizen who dared oppose his nonconforming project. And if these subpoenas are allowed to stand, it will set a chilling precedent for all citizens who wish to exercise their Constitutionally protected right to free speech and to petition their government.  I was named numerous times in the Complaint, yet as a non-party, I had no standing to challenge the lies and half-truths told about me. After the Complaint was filed, mainstream media picked up and repeated these lies and half-truths.  Caratzola concluded:  I have lost days, probably weeks, devoting time to trying to find counsel   only to find most attorneys are afraid of challenging an Islamic group in today s political climate.  Attorney Karen Lugo, a specialist on constitutional law and zoning issues, echoed Lori Caratzola s concerns:  ISBR s subpoena of private citizens  communications with local government, as well as all personal email and social media statements related to  anything associated with or related to Muslims or Islam  is in direct violation of speech protections enshrined in the Constitution and in Supreme Court rulings. ISBR s blatant efforts to chill the free exercise of speech while intimidating local citizens with these subpoenas must not only be denied, but must be rebuked, by the courts.  Cody Smith, another subpoenaed resident who opposed the Mosque, stated:  The planning board did exactly what it should have done set emotions aside and judge ISBR s application solely on its merits and whether it complied with our local regulations. It s unfortunate that Dr. Chaudry, the Township s former mayor, has resorted to an all-out smear campaign and retaliation against residents who exercised their fundamental Constitutional rights of Free Speech in a public forum.  Soon after ISBR s lawsuit, DOJ investigators opened another coercive front by attempting to interview the private citizens who opposed the mosque. Eight months later, the DOJ filed its own lawsuit against the Township. Astonishingly, the DOJ was dismissive of an apparent conflict of interest between Mohammad Ali Chaudry and the DOJ s chief investigator, Caroline Sadlowski, both of whom were serving together on the Center for Religious and Cultural Conflicts board at Drew University.",0
16175,GO FOR IT! RUSSIA THREATENS TO LEAK Things Obama Wanted To “Keep Secret”,"Question: How do you see the future of Russian-US diplomatic relations in the context of the current atmosphere in Washington? Can you confirm that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will come to Moscow in April?Maria Zakharova: Apparently, many volumes have been written about the development of Russian-US relations. I announced the release of the Foreign Ministry s yearend Diplomatic Bulletin and even showed it at the previous briefing.I believe that about 20 per cent of that bulletin was devoted to Russian-US relations, the way we see them, how we want them to develop, what we expect from Washington, what we are willing to do with the United States, the priority areas of cooperation, areas where our cooperation should be revived without delay and the areas where this can wait, at least for a limited time.This issue has been covered in interviews by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, comments by Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov and in numerous statements made at all levels by representatives from various Russian agencies, political analysts and politicians, as well as officials from the legislative and executive authorities. We can talk about bilateral relations with a different degree of mastery, but we would like to start implementing our relationship at long last.We provided our views on bilateral relations and the reasons for blocking them under President Obama. We said that we were willing to work with the new US administration, under President Trump. I don t think we need to invent anything in this respect, because so much has been said before. Simply, we should start concrete practical work. We are ready for this.You know that we always invite our American colleagues and diplomats to join bilateral or multilateral dialogues on issues in which the United States has traditionally played a big and active role, such as Syria, the consultations in Astana and many others. We expect Washington to formulate its foreign policy approaches in the form of a concept. We are ready for pragmatic and specific work on the principles that we have described many times.As for the visit by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the information about it, this is what I can say. It s not a secret that preparations for any visit include the coordination of the time when it can be announced. Visits by foreign ministers are public events that are never kept secret. At least, I don t know about any secret visits by foreign ministers in Russia or the United States. Preparations for such a visit also include the coordination of the format, agenda and the date it can be announced to the public.It is a matter of propriety and respect for each other s interests. One side proposes a date, and the other side is expected to accept it. This date should be acceptable to both sides, because the foreign ministers have packed schedules. The issue also concerns the coordination of the agenda by experts.One side informs the other side of the issues it plans to discuss, and the other side needs to respond that the agenda is acceptable. In other words, the sides need to reach agreements on many issues, after which they can announce an upcoming visit. This is how we work with our colleagues.To tell the truth, over the past few years we ve seen many strange things happen in Washington in connection with preparations for visits or talks by our foreign ministers. The US Department of State has more than once asked us not to announce planned visits until the last minute.This is not our tradition. We have been operating openly for years, but we have respected the requests we have received from our colleagues in Washington in the past few years. But what happened after that? First, the US Department of State asked us to keep the planned visit quiet and not to announce it until the last possible minute, until we coordinated the date.We did as they asked. But a day or two later the information was leaked by the US State Department and sometimes by the US administration. Frankly, this put Russia and the media in a strange situation, because they didn t know who to believe   the official agencies or the many leaks.It is difficult to say if this diplomatic communication is a US tradition or the latest technique. But it definitely doesn t correspond to our traditions. We believe that everything we coordinate should be made available to the media in accordance with diplomatic procedure. When we coordinate a visit and the date for announcing it, the information should be made public calmly and as agreed. This is what we do in relations with our colleagues from other countries.As I said, such cases in our relations with the US Department of State have become a bad tradition over the past few years. So, I can say in response to your question that we will make the date and format of contacts between the Russian and US foreign ministers public after we coordinate them. We won t keep them quiet.At this point, I don t have any information I can share with you. I can say that this visit and such contacts are possible in principle, but it would be premature to talk about timeframes.Also, I would like to say that if the practice of leaking information that concerns not just the United States but also Russia, which has become a tradition in Washington in the past few years, continues, there will come a day when the media will publish leaks about the things that Washington asked us to keep secret, for example, things that happened during President Obama s terms in office.Believe me, this could be very interesting information.Our American colleagues must decide if they respect the diplomatic procedure, if they keep their word on the arrangements made between us, primarily arrangements made at their own request, or we create a few very nice surprises for each other.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
16176,JUST DO IT! ALABAMA CONGRESSMAN Files One Sentence Bill To Repeal “Largest Welfare Plan By Republicans” [Video]," Effective as of December 31, 2017, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111 148) is repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. If the American people want to repeal Obamacare, this is their last, best chance during the 115th Congress,  Brooks said. Those Congressmen who are sincere about repealing Obamacare may prove it by signing the discharge petition. At a minimum, the discharge petition will, like the sun burning away the fog, show American voters who really wants to repeal Obamacare and who merely acts that way during election time,  he added. This is the largest welfare plan ever proposed by the Republican Party    Mo BrooksREAD MORE: THE BLAZE",0
16177,INTEL CHAIR Stands Up To Dems Calling For His Ouster: “Democrats want me to quit because I’m effective at getting to the bottom of things.” [Video],".@Rep_DevinNunes:  I m sure that @TheDemocrats do want me to quit because they know I m quite effective at getting to the bottom of things.  pic.twitter.com/q8rfNfLHzc  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 28, 2017",0
16178,SENIOR CIA INTEL: “Wiretapping of Trump Transition Team Worse Than Watergate” [Video], ,0
16179,TRUMP CABINET MEMBER MICK MULVANEY ON DC: “This place is much more rotten than we thought” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=IjWClQcKhD8,0
16180,THE HORRIBLE END GAME: BERNIE SANDERS Calls for Socialized Medicine aka Single-Payer Healthcare [Video], ,0
16181,OBAMACARE AND THE FORGOTTEN FAMILY: A Tale Of How The Middle Class Was Royally Scr*wed By Washington [Video],"In light of Republican failure to pass the American Health Care Act, Charles Krauthammer dismissed the idea that Chuck Schumer would try to work with Republicans at all, since the Democrats are moving toward a single-payer system as the country increasingly expects coverage to be an entitlement:Read more: CNN",0
16182,OUTRAGEOUS! NANCY PELOSI Claims Obamacare Honors “Vision of Our Founders” [Video], ,0
16183,INTEL WHISTLEBLOWER: Trump was likely spied on for some time…too easy for Americans to be spied on [Video], ,0
16184,SHOCKING REPORT: 50% of Babies in 24 States Born via Medicaid…Is Your State on the List?,"New Mexico led all states with 72 percent of the babies born there in 2015 having their births covered by Medicaid.Arkansas ranked second with 67 percent; Louisiana ranked third with 65 percent; and three states Mississippi, Nevada and Wisconsin tied for fourth place with 64 percent of babies born there covered by Medicaid.New Hampshire earned the distinction of having the smallest percentage of babies born on Medicaid. In that state, Medicaid paid for the births of only 27 percent of the babies born in 2015.Virginia and Utah tied for the next to last position, with 31 percent of the babies born on Medicaid.However, according to KFF, some of the nation s most populous states shared the distinction of having 50 percent or more of the babies born there born on Medicaid.",0
16185,WATCH FULL RESPONSE FROM TRUMP AFTER OBAMACARE VOTE: “Obamacare will explode…Pelosi and Schumer own it” [Video], ,0
16186,CRYBABY NANCY PELOSI Taunts Trump On Healthcare Bill: “Rookie Mistake” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH0pRtK9sAE,0
16187,SARA CARTER WAS RIGHT ABOUT SPYING ON TRUMP! “This goes far beyond what is being reported” [VIDEO],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws5ojb0PCCo,0
16188,WATCH PRICELESS EXCHANGE Between Neil Gorsuch and Ben Sasse On The Role of The Declaration of Independence [Video],"Ben Sasse asked Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch what role does the Declaration of Independence play in interpreting the Constitution?Gorsuch, a priceless exchange: The Declaration of Independence, which John Hancock signed    bigly.  pic.twitter.com/khzzJ8Qvdj  Senator Ted Cruz (@SenTedCruz) March 22, 2017",0
16189,‘ANGEL’ MOMS of Sons Killed by Illegals Weigh in on Rockville Rape of 14-Year Old by Illegals: “This poor child is scarred forever” [Video], ,0
16190,WHICH ONE OF THESE PEOPLE Tried to Lecture the Other on the Constitution….Guesses? [VIDEO], ,0
16191,ALARM TURNED OFF: Shocking Details on WHITE HOUSE Fence Jumper: “It was even worse than I thought”,"Secret Service personnel removed the alarm sensors along an area of fence line when the agency raised its height in response to previous fence-jumping incidents as a way to make it harder to scale. Ironically, the very effort to prevent fence jumping appears to have permitted a particularly egregious intrusion.One source said superiors in the Uniformed Division told Secret Service personnel to remove the sensors and piece them together for use elsewhere. They were never replaced.There are at least 10 to 12 officers and agents, including supervisors from the Presidential Protective Division, monitoring these sensors at any given time. They do so from the Joint Operations Command Center or JOCC, which is located outside of the White House complex.Some agents and officers also are questioning why Secret Service never released the K-9 unit to try to find an intruder after the alarms on the first fence the intruder scaled went off.Rep. Jason Chaffetz weighs in below on details of what the intruder did in those 17 minutes: The White House fence jumper who lingered on the ground unnoticed for 17 minutes was literally just hanging out in plain view with alarms blaring, and the Secret Service had no clue.Congressman Jason Chaffetz tells TMZ he met with the Director of Homeland Security and the Acting Director of the Secret Service for an hour and a half Tuesday, and his conclusion    It was even worse than I thought. Chaffetz says the surveillance video is shocking   the intruder was not darting around. Rather, he was  lingering,   hanging out  on the grounds. At one point he took the time to bend down and tie his shoes.The intruder at times peered through windows of the building, where Trump was inside. As we previously reported, he also jiggled a doorknob.Chaffetz says some of the alarms failed but some went off, yet the intruder was not detected.Secret Service agents did check the grounds, but not with any urgency. Alarms frequently go off for various reasons, and this time it was met with an inadequate response.And Chaffetz says the video shows agents were simply  lackadaisical.  As he put it,  Everything went wrong.  The congressman says he was promised there would be  big changes,  adding,  There better be. Via: tmz",0
16192,WATCH: TED CRUZ SKEWERS DEMS for Hypocritical Questioning of Supreme Court Nominee [Video], ,0
16193,TRUTH! Sara Carter is a Gem of a Reporter: “No Evidence of Trump or Trump Team Collusion and Russia or Russia Hacking” [Video], ,0
16194,FAKE NEWS! MAXINE WATERS and JOY REID Make Outrageous Claims Against President Trump “Will make sure poor people aren’t getting too much from government”, ,0
16195,BOOM! INTEL CHAIR Asks FBI/NSA Directors if Russians Hacked Votes in Key States [Video],"Russians didn t hack ANY votes. Period. #ComeyHearing pic.twitter.com/yz6c76frz1  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) March 20, 2017",0
16196,"DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Calls Out Court’s Ruling on Travel Order: If Obama had issued same ban, It would’ve been upheld [Video]", ,0
16197,TRAGIC! JOBLESS AMERICANS Forced to Train Their Foreign Replacements Speak Out: “This is not about skills…This is about costs” [Video],"Whether from incompetence or malice, the Immigration Act of 1990 was a disaster. That is why we are in the state  60 Minutes  is likely to describe tonight.   Jessica VaughanHERE S THE 60 MINUTE PIECE ON THE H1B-VISA PROGRAM:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaykxCMDPo0",0
16198,MEALS ON WHEELS Shuts the Lyin’ Lefties Up With Truth After MoveOn.org’s Fake News [Video],"Below is the comment in red that MoveOn.org put up before the video. Notice how they say NOTHING about the budget but just state that the program helps people. They re clearly fear mongering with vague information and NO FACTS. If you would like to go to the post on Facebook and hammer them with the statement below that s DIRECTLY from Meals on Wheels, here s the link: MoveOn.org Facebook Post On Meals on Wheels Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels   Meals on Wheels America is one program Donald J. Trump wants to cut in his federal budget plan. It s especially outrageous because according to one Meals on Wheels director,  we re delivering a meal but we re delivering a lot more because sometimes we re the only people that this person may see  Share the message. Notice how the people in the video just speak about how the program helps people BUT doesn t discuss budget? That s because they re only fear mongering and nothing else Shame on them!MEALS ON WHEELS CAME OUT WITH A STATEMENT TO CLEAR THINGS UP: The nationwide Meals on Wheels network, comprised of 5,000, local, community-based programs, receives 35% of its total funding for the provision of congregate and home-delivered meals from the federal government through the Older Americans Act, administered by the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Community Living. Other federal funding sources that support Meals on Wheels program operations may include the Community Development Block Grant, Community Services Block Grant or the Social Services Block Grant. In addition, programs rely on contributions from state or local governments, private donations and other resources to cover the rest, demonstrating one of the best examples of a successful public-private partnership. Meals on Wheels America, the largest and oldest national organization representing senior nutrition programs across the country, receives only 3% of its funding from the government, specifically to run the National Research Center on Nutrition and Aging. ",0
16199,NIGEL FARAGE ON TRUMP/MERKEL POWWOW: Merkel’s decision for mass migration the “worst decision by European leader in 70 years” [Video], ,0
16200,YOU WON’T BELIEVE THIS: WATCH DONNA BRAZILE Defend Her Decision to Cheat by Leaking Questions to Hillary [Video]," Well, first of all, I didn t have my hands in the cookie jar. I m an operative, I m a strategist, and part of what my role was, in addition to being a  political pundit,  was to help advance the cause of justice and equality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrCEUL19-cM",0
16201,HAWAIIAN JUDGE WHO BLOCKED TRUMP WAS OBAMA’S CLASSMATE AT HARVARD GUESS WHO Just Made a “Surprise” Visit to Hawaii? [Video],"Activist judges are killing America! The judge in Hawaii who just blocked President Trump s executive order is wrong on his decision but who cares about the law when you re an activist  Derrick Kahala Watson graduated from Harvard WITH OBAMA and is an Obama-appointed judge. WHAT S EVEN CRAZIER IS THAT OBAMA WAS JUST SPOTTED IN HAWAIIThe local news had a short comment on Obama s  surprise  visit:Coming off a string of high-profile meetings, former President Barack Obama made an unannounced return to Hawaii Monday.Just three months removed from his last official holiday visit as president, Obama was spotted dining at Buzz s Lanikai Monday night.President Trump vows that he ll fight a Hawaii judge who blocked his latest travel ban   saying he will take it to the Supreme Court pic.twitter.com/by3N86M37g  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 16, 2017The court disturbingly ruled that these two provisions   pausing refugees and foreign national entry from 6 nations   target Muslims and violate the Establishment Clause.The court created a constitutional crisis where none existed. The court s Establishment Clause analysis is fundamentally flawed and ignores the separation of powers. Worst of all, it puts our national security at risk.As the Supreme Court has rightly held, the United States Constitution is  not a suicide pact. As I explained earlier this week when we filed our amicus brief with the court in this case, the order in no way violates the Establishment Clause:First, the Executive Order (EO) does not even address religion, whatsoever. Second, the order has a secular purpose: our national security. As we explained: The EO, on its face, serves secular purposes, and no amount of rehashing of miscellaneous campaign trail commentary can change that. . . . [T]he mere suggestion of a possible religious or anti-religious motive, mined from past comments of a political candidate or his supporters, and intermixed with various secular purposes, is not enough to doom government action (along with all subsequent attempts to address the same subject matter).  [A]ll that Lemon requires  is that government action have  a secular purpose,  not that its purpose be  exclusively secular,  and a policy is invalid under this test only if it  was motivated wholly by religious considerations.  Lynch v. Donnelly, 465 U.S. 668, 680-81 & n.6 (1984) (emphasis added). The order singles out no religion for favor or disfavor. To conclude otherwise is unreasonable, and absurd. The six countries whose nationals are impacted by the pause were countries identified by President Obama and Congress as countries of particular concern. Policy disagreements, hurt feelings, and political agendas are not enough to support an Establishment Clause claim. The court s flawed order will invariably be appealed, and we will be ready to file crucial amicus briefs once again in federal appeals court.Read more: aclj",0
16202,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: THREE INTEL SOURCES Have Disclosed How Obama Spied on Trump [Video],"JUDGE NAPOLITANO was on FOX & Friends this morning discussing the Obama administration s efforts to spy on Donald Trump. Three intel sources have disclosed to the network that Obama went to British intelligence to get the goods on Trump, but we may never be able to prove it  JUDGE NAPOLITANO:  Three intelligence sources have informed FOX News that President Obama went outside the chain of command. He didn t use the NSA, he didn t use the CIA, he didn t use the FBI and he didn t use the Department of Justice He used *GCHQ.  *GCHQ is a British intel agency.@Judgenap: Three intel sources have disclosed that Pres. Obama turned to British spies to get surveillance on Trump pic.twitter.com/IghCFm7qhO  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 14, 2017",0
16203,WATTERS’ WORLD: “Do you have Obamacare?”…”How does it work?” [Video], ,0
16204,NIGERIAN IMMIGRANT Worth $1.5 Million Arrested For $100K Food Stamp and Welfare Fraud [Video],"Helen Agbapuruonwu collected food stamps and Medicaid benefits from 2010 to 2016!Helen Agbapuruonwu  fraudulently obtained public assistance in excess of $100,000 under false pretenses  police allege, and she has been charged  with felony welfare fraud and document forgery,  according to a police report.Helen s husband, Fidelis Agbapuruonwu, who immigrated to the U.S. from Nigeria in the 1990s, worked as an associate at Mayer Brown in D.C..  Agbapuruonwu received a Paul & Daisy Soros Scholarship for New Americans, which he used to pay for law school at Ohio State University.The word is that the husband  fled the country and is somewhere in Africa. So much for a free ride to Ohio State and a salary of $1.5 million  Read more: Daily Caller",0
16205,ENVIRONMENTAL TERRORISTS Videotape Themselves Carving A Quote Into Trump Golf Course Green…The Liberal Media Calls It “A Daring Act of Defiance” [Video],"The social media director for Trump called them out on it:Now we have the Washington Post accepting a videotape from crazy environmentalists who carved six feet tall letters into the 5th green on Trump s golf course. They were so proud of their vandalism that they gave details to the Post of how long it took to vandalize the property.When I went to the article to read it, there was a disclaimer at the top. Well, if you go to the comments section at the end of the article, the comments are mostly ripping on the environmentalists AND the articles reference to the vandalism as a  DARING ACT OF DEFIANCE . So the editor replaced the phrase with a more accurate term of VANDALISM WHAT THESE PEOPLE DID IS DISGUSTING AND SO WRONG   GLORIFYING DESTRUCTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY IS NEVER OK SHAME ON YOU WAPO!Editor s note: The beginning of this story was changed to more accurately reflect the nature of the actions taken by a protest group against the Trump golf course in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif.The group   which labels itself an  anonymous environmental activist collective    snuck into Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and carved a message into the green with six-foot-tall letters that said:  NO MORE TIGERS. NO MORE WOODS. The 18-hole, 7,300-yard course is set among cliffs overlooking the Pacific Ocean just south of Los Angeles. Last year, Golf Digest ranked it the 43rd best course in California.In a statement sent to The Washington Post, the group said the vandalism was carried out in response to the Trump administration s  blatant disregard  for the environment: Tearing up the golf course felt justified in many ways,  the member said.  Repurposing what was once a beautiful stretch of land into a playground for the privileged is an environmental crime in its own right. In response to the president s recent decision to gut our existing protection policies, direct action was conceived and executed on the green of his California golf course in the form of a simple message: NO MORE TIGERS. NO MORE WOODS,  the statement said.Read more: WaPo ",0
16206,BAM! Commie Scammer Mustafa Ali…The EPA’s “Environmental Justice” GURU Is GONE! [Video],"We hope Scott Pruitt is busy bidding a large swath of the agency s staff goodbye. Mustafa Ali, a senior adviser and assistant associate administrator for environmental justice, has served more than two decades at the agency, working to ease the burden of air and water pollution in hundreds of poor, minority communities nationwide.He helped found the EPA s environmental justice office during the early 1990s and became a key adviser to agency administrators under Republican and Democratic presidents.Ali s departure, initially reported Thursday by InsideClimate, comes as the White House is seeking to close the agency s Office of Environmental Justice. A budget proposal reviewed last week by The Washington Post would cut the agency s overall budget by a quarter, leading to a 20 percent reduction in the workforce. It also listed the environmental justice program as among several dozen slated to lose all funding. The document stated that the new administration supports the idea of environmental justice but would eliminate that EPA office and  assumes any future EJ specific policy work can be transferred to the Office of Policy. Check out this environmental justice warrior He starts at the 5 minute mark. Can you even figure out what he s trying to say? It s all word salad Read more: WaPo",0
16207,"JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO’S TRUTH BOMB On Fired US Attorney: ‘You were fired by President Trump, so what?’ [Video]",  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRXmFmgoPTk,0
16208,AWESOME! ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS Just Drained The DOJ Swamp,"#FlashbackFriday 1993 #AttorneyGate Clinton AG Reno Fires ALL 93 Republican US Attorneys in one day. #Sessions is following tradition. #MAGA pic.twitter.com/GGf9ur1R9f   ia (@nia4_trump) March 10, 2017WASHINGTON (AP)   Attorney General Jeff Sessions is seeking the resignations of 46 United States attorneys who were appointed during the prior presidential administration.In a statement Friday, the Justice Department said the request was similar to ones made in past presidential transitions. The department said many federal prosecutors appointed in the Obama administration have already left their positions, but that Sessions is now seeking the resignations of 46 holdovers.It is customary, though not automatic, for the country s 93 U.S. attorneys to leave their positions once a new president is in office. The Obama administration allowed political appointees of President George W. Bush to serve until their replacement had been nominated and confirmed.The federal prosecutors are nominated by the president, generally upon the recommendation of a home-state senator.One U.S. attorney appointed by Bush, Rod Rosenstein of Maryland, remained on the job for the entire Obama administration and is the current nominee for deputy attorney general.U.S. attorneys are responsible for prosecuting federal crimes in the territories they oversee. They report to Justice Department leadership in Washington, and their priorities are expected to be in line with those of the attorney general.Via: AP ",0
16209,THOUSANDS OF TEA PARTY TARGETING EMAILS FOUND: Judicial Watch President: “Corruption at the IRS is astounding”,"REMEMBER BECKY GERRITSON FROM THE WETUMPKA ALABAMA TEA PARTY? Her testimony about being targeted is riveting!The Internal Revenue Service has located 6,924 documents potentially related to the targeting of Tea Party conservatives, two years after the group Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit for them.The watchdog group intended to find records regarding how the IRS selected individuals and organizations for audits that were requesting nonprofit tax status.The agency will not say when it will make the documents available to the public Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, is calling on President Trump to clean house at the agency. The corruption at the IRS is astounding,  Fitton said in a statement.  Our attorneys knew that there were more records to be searched but the Obama IRS ignored this issue for years. President Trump needs to clean house at the IRS as quickly as possible. The government released names of 426 organizations. Another 40 were not released as part of the list because they had already opted out of being part of the class-action suit.That total is much higher than the 298 groups the IRS  inspector general identified back in May 2013, when investigators first revealed the agency had been subjecting applications to long   potentially illegal   delays, and forcing them to answer intrusive questions about their activities. Tea party and conservative groups said they was the target of unusually heavy investigations and longer delays.Read more: WFBRead more: The Washington Times",0
16210,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: Samsung Allowed British Intelligence to Spy on Americans Through Their TV’s [Video],".@Judgenap: Samsung allowed British intelligence to spy on Americans through their televisions pic.twitter.com/kHkNt0s8Ar  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 9, 2017",0
16211,IRONY ALERT! DC’S DAY WITHOUT WOMEN Literally Led By A Man…Event Turns Into Anti-Trump Rally: “He is wrong. We have to stop him.” [Video],We hope these women realize they were being used by George Soros and other leftists to protest Trump instead of to celebrate women!,0
16212,A MUST WATCH! JUDGE NAPOLITANO: “For the first time in the modern era the man in the Oval Office is an adversary of the Deep State and not a tool of it” [VIDEO], ,0
16213,"MASSIVE WIKILEAKS DROP Exposes CIA Spying via iPhones, Android Phones and Samsung TVs [Video]","WIKILEAKS JUST DROPPED DOCUMENTS EXPOSING THE CIA SPYING AND HACKING:The CIA  hacks iPhones, Android phones and TVs Via Wikileaks:Today, Tuesday 7 March 2017, WikiLeaks begins its new series of leaks on the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Code-named  Vault 7  by WikiLeaks, it is the largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency.The first full part of the series,  Year Zero , comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina. It follows an introductory disclosure last month of CIA targeting French political parties and candidates in the lead up to the 2012 presidential election.Recently, the CIA lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal including malware, viruses, trojans, weaponized  zero day  exploits, malware remote control systems and associated documentation. This extraordinary collection, which amounts to more than several hundred million lines of code, gives its possessor the entire hacking capacity of the CIA. The archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom has provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive. Year Zero  introduces the scope and direction of the CIA s global covert hacking program, its malware arsenal and dozens of  zero day  weaponized exploits against a wide range of U.S. and European company products, include Apple s iPhone, Google s Android and Microsoft s Windows and even Samsung TVs, which are turned into covert microphones.Since 2001 the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert, globe-spanning force   its own substantial fleet of hackers. The agency s hacking division freed it from having to disclose its often controversial operations to the NSA (its primary bureaucratic rival) in order to draw on the NSA s hacking capacities.By the end of 2016, the CIA s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI), had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other  weaponized  malware. Such is the scale of the CIA s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its  own NSA  with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified.In a statement to WikiLeaks the source details policy questions that they say urgently need to be debated in public, including whether the CIA s hacking capabilities exceed its mandated powers and the problem of public oversight of the agency. The source wishes to initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons.CHINA IS ALSO GETTING IN ON THE ACT:",0
16214,CHILLING! FOX REPORTER JAMES ROSEN Recounts Being Spied on by the Obama Mafia [Video], ,0
16215,BUSTED! NANCY PELOSI Claims No Meeting With Russian Ambassador…Photo From 2010 Proves Otherwise! [Video]," Pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the Russian ambassador:Pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: Pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: Leader Pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private, one-on-one meetings, which she has never had with Ambassador Kislyak,  Hammill said.  The Ambassador was incidental to the 2010 meeting between then-Russian President Medvedev and then-Speaker Pelosi. Clearly, one needs to remind Politico that Attorney General Sessions lied under oath about a secret meeting amidst Russia s hacking of our election, which he also didn t disclose in a written questionnaire. ",0
16216,NEWT GINGRICH Punches Back At Democrats With Mega Doses Of TRUTH On The BOGUS Russia Scandal: “This is a cultural civil war” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjeOoJyPNCk,0
16217,WHERE’S THE OVERSIGHT? OBAMA FUNNELED BILLIONS to Liberal Groups Through DOJ ‘SLUSH FUND’ [Video]," Advocates for big government and progressive power are using the Justice Department to extort money from corporations. It s a shakedown. It s corrupt, pure and simple.    Tom Fitton, Judicial WatchHere s how it works: Remember when big banks were sued by the feds for supposed mortgage abuse or discrimination? The government basically extorted money from the banks and then incentivized the banks to settle by giving the money to third-party organizations. How convenient, right?  It was a way to redistribute billions to radical organizations like La Raza!So far, investigators have accounted for $3 billion paid to  non-victim entities . The underlying problem with the slush funds is we don t know exactly where the money is going. Using enforcement authority to go after corporate defendants, DOJ bureaucrats are taking billions away from taxpayers to fund their pet projects overriding congressional preferences.    Ted Frank, director of The Competitive Enterprise Institute Center for Class Action Fairness. Somebody out to go to prison for this!  -Former Gov. Mike Huckabee sounds off on DOJ bankrolling leftist groups pic.twitter.com/Ut7u7FYD62  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 2, 2017READ MORE: FOX NEWS",0
16218,FATHER OF SON KILLED BY ILLEGAL Speaks Up On Democrats: “I ignore them like they ignore me” [Video], ,0
16219,CRYBABY DEM WOMEN Stay Seated When Trump Enters Chamber To Address Congress [Video], ,0
16220,HOUSE INTEL CHAIR On Trump-Russia Fake Story: “No evidence of anything” [Video], ,0
16221,BREITBART’S JOEL POLLACK Brilliantly Shuts Down “The View” Lunatics [Video],"Watch Joy Behar as she hilariously attempts to tie  anti-semitism  to Breitbart News while interviewing their senior editor who happens to be an orthodox Jew. When Behar s attempt to prove that Breitbart is an anti-semitic news site, her leftist co-host Sunny Holstein attempts to pin racism and anti-semitism on Breitbart s former boss Steve Bannon. When that didn t work, Joy Behar attempts to say that  it doesn t look like  Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus get along because of the their body language. When Pollack dispels their ridiculous attempts to convince their viewers that Trump s top officials in his administration don t get along, Behar just resorts to  the behavior one would expect from a 3 year old and calls President Trump a  liar .You almost have to feel sorry for these unhinged rabidly leftist hags almost.",0
16222,MUSLIM Candidate For DNC Chair Ignites Party Of Losers: Says Trump Impeachment Proceedings Need To Start NOW [VIDEO],"CNN has once again set the stage for a democratic politician to attempt a smackdown of President Trump.  In this case, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) felt the need to parrot what his brothers and sisters in arms have been trying to shove down America s throat; that we need to impeach the President.During the Democratic National Committee leadership debate that aired on CNN, Ellison was asked if he agreed with his fellow democratic party members Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) and Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-TX) who have said Congress should draw up articles of impeachment against President Trump.Ellison:  I think Donald Trump has already done a number of things which legitimately raise the question of impeachment. (applause) I mean on day one, he was in violation of Emoluments Clause of the Constitution. Ellison is the first Muslim member of Congress and a longtime defender of Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan.  The fact that he is being considered to be a leader in the Democratic National Committee should tell the American people just how out of touch and dangerous, if not downright ignorant, the entire party has become.Not only are they putting in positions of power men and women who subscribe to a system of belief that requires it s devotees to commit atrocities against people of other religions, it is also letting the fantasy that just because a candidate that they disagree with won the election, they should be able to have him forcibly removed from office.There are a plethora of minor of even middling issues that republicans and democrats disagree with one another on, but this problem of  we don t like the president so we want to get rid of him  flies in the very face of democracy.Many republicans don t agree with democratic policies, but you don t see us attempting to remove every legitimately elected government official who gets in the way of our agenda.(Source: The Gateway Pundit, The Washington Times)",0
16223,GUN GRABBING JUDGES Restrict Right To Own Common Firearms,"In a 10-4 ruling, Maryland s Fourth Circuit ruled that there could be a ban put on 45 common weapons and magazines that hold more than 10 rounds.  Judge Robert B. King stated,  We have no power to extend Second Amendment protection to the weapons of war Via Baltimore Sun: The law, which also outlawed magazines capable of holding more than 10 rounds, was challenged by two men who said they wanted to buy the banned rifles and by a handful of gun stores and associations. They argued that the rifles were popular among gun enthusiasts, used by people to defend their homes and not inherently dangerous. A federal judge in Baltimore disagreed, upholding the law.Maryland, New York, and Connecticut all banned a plethora of semi-automatic rifles that had exterior features that made them look scary following the Sandy Hook shooting. They also banned magazines with 10 rounds or more and some states even enforced a registration of those who already owned such firearms.Judge William Traxler, in a rare display of intellectual honesty, laid out the consequences of this case:  Today the majority holds that the Government can take semi-automatic rifles away from law-abiding American citizens. In South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland, the Government can now tell you that you cannot hunt with these rifles. The Government can tell you that you cannot shoot at targets with them. And, most importantly, the Government can tell you that you cannot use them to defend yourself and your family in your home. In concluding that the Second Amendment does not even apply, the majority has gone to greater lengths than any other court to eviscerate the constitutionally guaranteed right to keep and bear arms. What this demonstrates to us, as average citizens, is that nothing is sacred to judges who think they can legislate from the bench.  Even constitutional rights and rulings from higher courts will not bind a judge who wants to rally around their own pet cause. We believe that the Second Amendment means what it says   and we all need to stand together and take decisive action to protect liberty RIGHT NOW before anti-gun activist judges kill off our rights through rulings like this one.  Firearms Policy Collation(Sources: Baltimore Sun, Conservative Review)",0
16224,WOW! NEW REPORT: IRS Didn’t Tell 1 Million Taxpayers That Illegals Stole Their Social Security Numbers!,"REMEMBER BECKY GERRITSON OF ALABAMA WHOSE TEA PARTY GROUP WAS TARGETED BY THE IRS? SHE GAVE AN IMPASSIONED SPEECH TO CONGRESS. It seems the IRS hasn t changed its tune!The IRS has discovered more than 1 million Americans whose Social Security numbers were stolen by illegal immigrants, but officials never bothered to tell the taxpayers themselves, the agency s inspector general said in a withering new report released Tuesday. Investigators first alerted the IRS to the problem five years ago, but it s still not fixed, the inspector general said, and a pilot program meant to test a solution was canceled   and fell woefully short anyway. As a result, most taxpayers don t learn that their identities have been stolen and their Social Security files may be screwed up. Taxpayers identified as victims of employment-related identity theft are not notified,  the inspector general said. The report alarmed lawmakers on Capitol Hill, who were shocked that the IRS had gone for so long without fixing the issue.  It is stunning that the IRS has chosen to aid and abet identity thieves for so long instead of protecting the innocent victims of the theft,  said Sen. Daniel Coats, Indiana Republican.Victims  numbers are stolen by illegal immigrants who need to give employers a valid Social Security number in order to get a job. Employers are prohibited from probing too deeply into numbers, even when they suspect fraud. But the IRS learns of the scam when the illegal immigrants file their taxes using a special Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) the agency doles out chiefly to illegal immigrants as a way of making sure they re paying taxes even if they re not supposed to be in the U.S. Between 2011 and 2015 the agency flagged nearly 1.1 million returns where someone appeared to have stolen a valid Social Security number, the inspector general said.Read more: WT",0
16225,BREAKING: US Deploys “Nuke Sniffer” Plane To Test For Threat From Russia,"Tensions in the US are growing as it is feared that Vladimir Putin s Military may have carried out secret nuke tests in the Arctic.  This is based on tests that show a dangerous spike in radiation levels across EuropeIn response to this possible threat, the US Air Force sent a special WC-135 Constant Phoenix to RAF Mildenhall   whose main mission is to detect and identify nuclear explosions from the air.Tracking over the #UK     US Air Force WC-135C Constant Phoenix Nuclear explosion 'sniffer'62-3582 COBRA55https://t.co/fvbSNtInVP pic.twitter.com/BB1WbDzAZK  CivMilAir     (@CivMilAir) February 17, 2017While there s been no official statement from the US Military about the reason for aircraft s deployment, sources suggest that the aircraft has been sent to investigate the elevated radiation levels.Many are pointing to this as proof positive that Russia has been doing nuclear tests at Novaya Zemlya near the Arctic.(Source: The Sun UK)",0
16226,"BREAKING: PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes National Security Adviser Pick: “Great Leader, Great Strategic Thinker” [Video]","President Trump had said that there are  many, many that want the job. . . I ve been thinking about someone for the last three or four days, we ll see what happens,  Trump said.  I m meeting with that person. They re all good, they re all great people. Fox Nation reported that the President was scheduled to interview at least four of the front-runners in Florida on Sunday.  Scheduled to discuss the job with the president at Mar-a-Lago were his acting adviser, retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg; John Bolton, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations; Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster; and the superintendent of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen.PRESIDENT TRUMP ANNOUNCED HIS PICK FROM FLORIDA:Breaking News: @POTUS announces Gen. H. R. McMaster will take over the role of national security adviser after Gen. Michael Flynn resigned. pic.twitter.com/Zga0nVeCwq  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 20, 2017",0
16227,"WHITE HOUSE LEAKER Reportedly A #NeverTrumper, Top Aide For Reince Preibus","Sunday, GotNews reported that the primary source of the White House leak was traced back to Deputy Chief of Staff and #NeverTrumper Kate Walsh. The goal was to undermine the Trump Presidency and Administration.Walsh is being investigated as a primary person of interest and is said to have been distributing highly confidential information to The New York Times and others. From Got News: Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,  says a source close to the president.  The only question is whether or not she s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles. Walsh would have significant access as she controls the president s schedule. There s also reportedly a trove of e-mails where Katie Walsh and Reince Priebus discuss how to rid themselves of Trump, according to a former #NeverTrump consultant. The president and his allies have been deliberately feeding her fake information in order to find her network, says a source close to the president s family.  It s been going well. Walsh was a #NeverTrump Republican during the campaign . . . a White House investigation is planned into Walsh, who couldn t be reached for comment.(Source: Gateway Pundit)",0
16228,AWESOME! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTER Rips Into Pro-Sanctuary City Officials: “I’m a hard core TRUMP supporter” [Video], ,0
16229,MCCAIN NEEDS TO GO! Makes Claim That Trump Is Trying To Be A Dictator But Was Silent On Obama,"Sen. John McCain(R-Ariz.) dug himself into a hole on Meet The Press when he was asked to respond to this tweet by the President.The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017McCain essentially said that he in no way agrees with the President s position, and thinks an adversarial press is a natural thing.  I guess the idea of an impartial press has been taken off the table altogether.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1J_X0gn9Bk0As you can see, McCain got a taste of what President Trump has been experiencing near the end of the interview with the host attempting to twist his words.While we can admire the politician s optimism, the fact that the news media is biased doesn t go away just because you don t like the person who said it.(Source: The Hill)",0
16230,AWESOME! DIAMOND AND SILK Rip Into The Press: “We don’t believe you!” [Video],"President Trump s rally in FL on Saturday was a smashing success with about 9000 crowding into a hanger to hear him speak and another two or three times that amount congregating outside.Trump told his supporters  I want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news. The warm up act to President Trump s speech was YouTube sensations Diamond and Silk who fired up the crowd.Diamond and Silk:  Let me just say this to the media. Let me just say this. We didn t believe you in the primaries. We didn t believe you in the general election. And, read my lips, we don t believe you now! Diamond and Silk have a message for the media at @realDonaldTrump Melbourne FL rally pic.twitter.com/3b5U4UUbTO  Kristinn Taylor (@KristinnFR) February 18, 2017Me with my favorite Deplorables @DiamondandSilk! #melbourne #trumprally #trumptrain pic.twitter.com/cW2RMiIOHU  Cory Trump 2020 (@LiveLifeCorAZy) February 18, 2017(Source: Gateway Pundit)",0
16231,YOU’RE FIRED! WHY THE WHITE HOUSE Just Fired A Senior National Security Aide,"National Security Council aide Craig Deare was dismissed on Friday after it was learned that he harshly criticized the President and his top aides.Deare s criticisms took place at an off-the-record roundtable and included attacking the President himself, chief strategist Stephen Bannon and the President s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, both of whom serve as advisers.  He also claimed that the President had an embarrassing phone call with Mexico s president, Enrique Pena Nieto.Deare served as the NSC s senior director for Western Hemisphere Affairs and was previously the dean of administration at National Defense University.(Source: Free Beacon)",0
16232,"WORLD FAMOUS DESIGNER Tells Americans To “Deal” With Trump’s: “Mrs. Trump is a very nice woman and pretty handsome. Good body, no? And this Ivanka is…","Fashion Designer Kari Lagerfield who was rumored to dress Melania Trump for her husband s inauguration has no plans of letting his political views get in the way of his fashion business.The 83-year-old hasn t voted in 40 years since he became an official resident of Monaco, and the designer says that he prefers to keep business and politics separate.Via Page Six:The designer reveals he  loved Michelle Obama,  and  Mrs. Trump is a very nice woman and pretty handsome. Good body, no? And this Ivanka is quite cute, no? He says,  I knew [Donald] Trump before, when he was not in politics. I m not American, but he s a democratically elected president   so people have to deal with it. (Source: Daily Mail, Page Six)",0
16233,REPORT: TRUMP Set Brilliant “Fake News” Trap For Leakers…,"According to the Associated Press on Friday, President Trump had plans to mobilize the National Guard to round up illegal aliens.  Now, it appears, the memo was a ploy to find the White House information leak.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer denied these rumors and called them absolutely false.Via Gateway Pundit:  There is no effort to do what is potentially suggested,  he said. Spicer called the AP report  100 percent not true,  adding that there was  no effort at all to utilize the National Guard to round up unauthorized immigrants. Sources are now saying that multiple memos were released, all with slight differences in order to smoke out the leak.Multiple sources within the WH have told me that the ""memo"" on the 100K National Guard soldiers was fake news designed to smoke out leaker.  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 17, 2017Same group who leaked the National Guard ""memo"" also created the fake news story about Flynn. @realDonaldTrump is FURIOUS. #BringBackFlynn https://t.co/JYsbs49R55  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 17, 2017Give 10 different people 10 different copies of the ""same"" memo. Include 1 different words or typos in each. Oldest trick in the book.  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) February 17, 2017(Source: Gateway Pundit)",0
16234,THE HUNT IS ON: How Trump Team Is Smoking Out Leakers To Take Down And Punish,"President Trump has made it clear that he will not stop the search for those responsible for leaks at the White House.The hunt that began with the resignation of National Security Advisor Michael Flynn does not stop, now that he is gone.  Trump has also vowed that the perpetrator will be punished to the fullest extent of the law, even possibly serving hard time.Via Fox News: Leaks are prevalent in Washington, [but] I think what makes this different is the leak environment has just kicked into hyper drive,  Thomas Dupree, former deputy assistant attorney general, told Fox News.  In the first few weeks of this administration, we have seen a multitude of leaks on a variety of subjects   from national security to immigration, to the conversation that Flynn had with the Russians   it s just every direction. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCI7OMB6qQs(Source: Fox News)",0
16235,FANTASTIC! Watch Boeing Employees Chant “USA USA USA!” During Intro of President Trump [Video], ,0
16236,Trump Ends A Recent Tradition Established By Obama,"President Trump is once again proving that he will be running the White House in a vastly different manner than his predecessor.For the past several years Barack Obama welcomed ESPN to the White House to fill out the NCAA tournament bracket.  The news called this  Baracketology.  The Sports network reached out to the Trump staff, asking if the president would be continuing the tradition, but according to The Washington Post, the offer was declined. We expressed our interest to the White House in continuing the presidential bracket. They have respectfully declined,  an ESPN spokesman said in a statement.Unfortunately, this tweet might be correct,  Baracketology  may be the best thing Obama did while in office.the best thing Barack Obama did in his 8 years. #Baracketology #ObamaFarewell pic.twitter.com/Z1blhjN3rG  nick stasiak (@1staz8) January 11, 2017(Source: IOTW Report, Daily Caller)",0
16237,WATCH TRUMP Call CNN “Hateful and Angry” – Jake Tapper Proves Him Right [Video],"In a press conference on Thursday, President Trump called out CNN as being not only fake but downright hateful and uninteresting.Trump pointed out that the news would actually be more interesting to watch if the stories were real instead of all being a part of an attempt to discredit his administration.He freely admits to being flawed and making mistakes but says that the media should be focused on real stories instead turning to slander in order to get ratings.In a segment after the press conference, CNN s Jake Tapper proved President Trump s point by calling the president  unhinged  and unfocused on real American needs.  Tapper apparently missed the first part of this press conference, before the press battered him with questions about Russia for half an hour.Here s a segment of the press conference.And here is the hard hitting journalistic response by Tapper.(Source: Gateway Pundit)",0
16238,BOMBSHELL REPORT Proves Trump Right On Illegal Voting,"According to a nationwide poll, as many as 2 million non-citizen Hispanics are illegally registered to vote in the U.S.Just Facts President James D. Agresti told The Washington Times:  Contrary to the claims of certain major media outlets and fact checkers, a comprehensive analysis of polling data, election records and government investigations shows that many noncitizens vote illegally in U.S. elections, In light of these alarming findings, President Trump has announced that he will be putting together a task force headed by Vice President Mike Pence to look into the allegations of voter fraud which will focus on inaccurate voter registration.A largely ignored National Hispanic survey executed by McLaughlin and Associates in 2013 polled U.S. resident Latinos. The poll s section on voter profiles showed that of the randomly selected sample of 800 Hispanics, 56 percent, or 448 were non-citizens, and of those 13 percent said they were registered to vote. The poll did not ask if the non-citizen registered voters had actually voted, presumably because it was made a felony to vote as a non-citizen in 1996.White House adviser Stephen Miller told ABC News:  It is a fact and you will not deny it, that there are massive numbers of non-citizens in this country who are registered to vote. That is a scandal. We should stop the presses. Hopefully, the President s task force will be able to prevent any more of the roughly 8.3 million non-citizen adults living in the U.S. from registering to vote.(Source: Washington Times)",0
16239,BREAKING! WIKILEAKS Releases Proof That Obama’s CIA Interfered In Frances’ 2012 Election,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL! All of the major political parties in France were targeted by Obama s CIA with both human and electronic spies for the 7 months leading up to their 2012 Presidential election.In a document released by WikiLeaks today, the parties targeted and the goal of the operation are outlined in detail.RELEASE: CIA espionage orders for the last French presidential electionhttps://t.co/ARd8alUjMS #CIAFrance pic.twitter.com/15Q5ojw4L4  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) February 16, 2017Via WikiLeaks:Specific tasking concerning his party included obtaining the  Strategic Election Plans  of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP); schisms or alliances developing in the UMP elite; private UMP reactions to Sarkozy s campaign strategies; discussions within the UMP on any  perceived vulnerabilities to maintaining power  after the election; efforts to change the party s ideological mission; and discussions about Sarkozy s support for the UMP and  the value he places on the continuation of the party s dominance .The targets specifically named in the document are:  the French Socialist Party (PS), the National Front (FN) and Union for a Popular Movement (UMP), current President Francois Hollande, then President Nicolas Sarkozy, current round one presidential front-runner Marine Le Pen, and former presidential candidates Martine Aubry and Dominique Strauss-Khan.The CIA required that it s agents specifically discover Sarkozy s private opinions  on other candidates  along with how he worked with his personal advisors.The CIA seemed to have two prevailing goals according to WikiLeaks: What policies do they promote to help boost France s economic growth prospects, and what are their opinions on the German model of export-led growth.  This resonates with a U.S. economic espionage order from the same year which required someone obtaining every prospective French export contract or deal valued at $200m or more.This travesty is another example of how our intelligence community ran amok during the Obama administration.",0
16240,BATTLE OF THE “PAUL’S”: Angry Rand Paul Walks Out On Paul Ryan During Obamacare Discussion…Ryan’s Plan Would Create “New Entitlement Program”…Demands COMPLETE REPEAL,"Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) made a big statement walking out of a meeting with Speaker Paul Ryan on Obamacare.The disagreement occurred over the possibility of keeping the Medicaid expansion and creating new tax credits.  Paul believes that this would create a  new entitlement program. Speaker Ryan assured Senate Republicans on Tuesday that the Obamacare repeal is underway.  However, Paul considers the Medicaid exception to be unacceptable.Paul said: I hear things that are unacceptable to me. If they don t seem to care what conservatives think about complete repeal of Obamacare, they re going to be shocked when they count the votes. Senator Paul and The Freedom Caucus announced in 2015 their support of a complete repeal of Obamacare, including the Medicaid expansion and the employer and individual mandate.According to Paul  This legislation is the conservative solution to replacing Obamacare, and it will enable millions more to acquire affordable insurance through the free market.(Source: IOTW Report)",0
16241,JUDGE NAPOLITANO On Bombshell That Intel Isn’t Telling Trump Information: “There’s only one president” [Video],The officials  decision to keep information cite  deep mistrust  Judge Napolitano has a great solution QUIT! The people who re loyal to Barak Obama need to go! ,0
16242,WOW! WHY TRUMP’S PICK FOR LABOR SECRETARY Withdrew Just Hours Before His Senate Hearing,"President Donald Trump s pick for secretary of labor, Andrew Puzder, has withdrawn from the nomination just hours before his first scheduled appearance before the Senate HELP committee.Puzder s nomination was controversial from the start because of some of his own business practices that many felt were less than generous.  He officially withdrew after an interview his ex-wife, Lisa Fierstein, did on The Oprah Winfrey Show came to light.  She claimed that she had to flee from her, then husband, and that she had been abused by Puzder during their marriage.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cURHgCbSWOcFierstein has since admitted that her allegations were false and that she concocted them to get a better settlement in their divorce.  She has also sent a letter to the Senate in an attempt to clear her ex-husband s name but it seems to be too little too late.Puzder released this statement concerning his withdrawal.I am withdrawing my nomination for Secretary of Labor. I'm honored to have been considered and am grateful to all who have supported me.  Andy Puzder (@AndyPuzder) February 15, 2017(Source: Daily Mail) ",0
16243,STUNNING: First Lady Melania Trump Welcomes Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu [Video]," President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu planned this trip within hours of Trump s inauguration in January, with the hope of repairing the damage done by the former administration to the countries  relations.It s so wonderful to see a President and First Lady that we can be proud of show so much decorum and hospitality to our allies.Watch @POTUS and @FLOTUS greet Prime Minister @Netanyahu and his wife Sara as they arrive at The White House. pic.twitter.com/rhI4LeZXf5  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 15, 2017(Source: Daily Mail, Fox News)",0
16244,BREAKING: HOUSE INTEL LAUNCHES Investigation Into Leaks: FBI “Better have a good answer”,"House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes does not plan on investigating the circumstances surrounding the resignation of former national security adviser Mike Flynn, but will launch a probe into who leaked the story. CATHERINE HERRIDGE REPORTED ON THE SERIOUSNESS OF WHAT HAPPENED TO FLYNN: FLYNN S RESIGNATION LETTER:Nunes, whose committee was tasked to investigate Russia s involvement in cyber attacks during the election, told CNN the panel won t look into President Donald Trump s knowledge of the situation due to executive privilege.The California Republican confirmed to CNN the committee will investigate where the leaks were stemming from.Nunes said it s troubling the call was tapped with the information later being leaked to the media, adding he hopes to receive more information form the Federal Bureau of Investigation. I expect for the FBI to tell me what is going on, and they better have a good answer,  he told The Washington Post.  The big problem I see here is that you have an American citizen who had his phone calls recorded. Via: BPR",0
16245,SECURITY ANALYST ON MIKE FLYNN PHONE CALL LEAKS: “I would say the Obama White House is directly involved in this” [Video], ,0
16246,WOW! HUNGARIAN PRIME MINISTER Cracks Down On Refugee Invasion…Calls Out Open-Borders Soros For Secretly Using “TONS OF MONEY AND HEAVY ARTILLERY” To Influence Politics,"Hungary s populist prime minister on Friday lashed out against billionaire financier George Soros, claiming he and groups backed by him want to secretly influence the country s politics.In his annual state of the nation speech, Viktor Orban said groups partly funded by Soros, who was born in Hungary, needed to be made transparent and identifiable. Large-bodied predators are swimming here in the waters. This is the trans-border empire of George Soros, with tons of money and international heavy artillery,  said Orban, who received a Soros-funded scholarship as Hungary was transitioning from communism to democracy in the late 1980s. It is causing trouble   that they are trying secretly and with foreign money to influence Hungarian politics,  Orban said.He did not cite evidence backing his claims, and did not identify the groups he mentioned. Government officials had earlier taken aim at corruption watchdog Transparency International and rights groups like the Hungarian Helsinki Committee and the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union.The Open Society Foundations is bigger than you think. In fact, it may be the largest philanthropic organization ever built, with branches in 37 countries. While the Gates Foundation spends more money, OSF has a larger footprint worldwide thanks to its many local offices, including throughout Africa. OSF s budget will be around $930 million this year which is substantially more than Ford s total grantmaking.That budget is set annually by George Soros, who s given away nearly $12 billion since he got into philanthropy decades ago. Nevertheless, thanks to his skills in financial markets, Soros who recently turned 85 is now richer than ever, with a net worth estimated at $26 billion. The bulk of that fortune is slated to go one day to OSF, creating a massively endowed foundation that, in recent years, has been redesigned to exist in perpetuity.Watch this video that explains a leaked memo from George Soros s Open Society Foundation, outlining a proposed strategy for successfully influencing immigration policy:In 2014, Orban ordered a crackdown on civic groups supported in part by Norway, but extensive investigations and audits did not uncover any financial irregularities of note.In an email to The Associated Press, a Soros representative said they were  proud to support Hungarians who insist on having a voice in their democracy. Orban also claimed that Soros  organizations were still working on bringing hundreds of thousands of migrants into Europe, contrary to the wishes of Hungarians and their government. Orban has been outspoken about his strong opposition to taking in refugees and migrants, and in 2015 ordered fences built on Hungary s southern borders with Serbia and Croatia to stop the migrant flow.On Friday, he reiterated a government plan to keep migrants in border camps built from shipping containers while their asylum applications are being processed.Orban also painted a bleak picture of Western Europe, saying its  future is casting a long and dark shadow on its present. He joked that Hungary was ready to take in Western Europeans, whom he said are suffering from globalization s effects. Naturally, we will take in the real refugees,  Orban said to laughter and loud applause.  The panicked German, Dutch, French and Italian politicians and journalists, Christians forced to leave their countries who want to find here the Europe they lost at home.  FOX News ",0
16247,“Would You Rather Do A Job You Hate And Not Pay Taxes?”…How These ILLEGALS Answer This Question Tells You Everything You Need To Know About How They “Help” Our Economy [VIDEO],"Filmmaker and patriot, Dennis Michael Lynch is the best in the business when it comes to bringing the illegal alien issue to life for Americans. In his first of 3 movies, Dennis asks these construction workers to open up about their allegiance to the country who makes it possible to support their families in Mexico. Their answers may (or may not) surprise you ",0
16248,WOW! 3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel…One Has Criminal Background…May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO],"3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
16249,BREAKING: PRESIDENT TRUMP MAKES HIS PICK For The Supreme Court,"JUDGE NEIL GORSUCH   A strict conservative similar to Justice Scalia   A STRICT CONSTITUTIONALISTJudge Neil Gorsuch, 49, is President Donald Trump s pick for appointment to the Supreme Court to fill the seat vacated a year ago by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. THE ANNOUNCEMENT FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP:BREAKING: Donald Trump reveals that his choice for US Supreme Court is Neil Gorsuch, 49 https://t.co/D91eYAcIMZ https://t.co/dbCiP2bP2U  CNN (@CNN) February 1, 2017Gorsuch has the typical pedigree of a high court justice. He graduated from Columbia, Harvard and Oxford, clerked for two Supreme Court justices and did a stint at the Department of Justice.Since 2006, he has served on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, in Denver, Colorado. His supporters note that he is an outdoorsman who fishes, hunts and skis. On the court, conservatives hope he could become the intellectual heir to Scalia, long the outspoken leader of the conservative bloc. The real appeal of Gorsuch nomination is he s likely to be the most effective conservative nominee in terms of winning over Anthony Kennedy and forging conservative decisions on the court,  said Jeffrey Rosen of the National Constitution Center.  He s unusual for his memorable writing style, the depth of his reading and his willingness to rethink constitutional principles from the ground up.Like Justice Scalia, he sometimes reaches results that favor liberals when he thinks the history or text of the Constitution or the law require it, especially in areas like criminal law or the rights of religious minorities, but unlike Scalia he s less willing to defer to regulations and might be more willing to second-guess Trump s regulatory decision. Read more: Politico ",0
16250,GREAT! TRUMP ADVISOR Hits Back At Sen. Liz Warren On Trump Order: Entitled to her own opinion but not her own Constitution [Video], ,0
16251,"AWESOME! DONALD TRUMP JR: Fifth Avenue Redneck: “Well, my love for the outdoors came from my grandfather, Milos Zelnicek”","Editor s note: It was late winter when I got a call from a mutual bowhunting friend who told me Donald Trump Jr. was a serious bowhunter and he might agree to an interview. I decided it would make an interesting article so I accepted the opportunity and that article appeared in our April/May issue.In that editorial I clearly stated this was not a political endorsement of Donald Trump Sr. Some readers were skeptical. But, the fact is, if Donald Trump Jr. were not an experienced bowhunter the article would never have appeared in Bowhunter Magazine   or here now at Bowhunter.com. Take a look and let us know what you think.Q: So, how does the son of a wealthy New York real estate developer find his way to the woods carrying a bow and arrows?A: Well, my love for the outdoors came from my grandfather, Milos Zelnicek, a blue-collar electrician who lived in the Communist Czech Republic. He saw the lifestyle we lived here and understood both the good of that life, and the pitfalls, and he wanted to make sure we saw the other side of life. As youngsters, my brother Eric and I spent six to eight weeks every summer with him. He would say,  There s the woods; go have fun,  and my brother and I immersed ourselves in the outdoors. He taught us how to shoot homemade stickbows, and we were amazed how much amusement we could get out of those crude bows and arrows. I just had a knack for it. Since then, most of my bowhunting has been self-taught, so the learning curve was slow because I made every mistake possible. The good thing about that is those lessons are well-learned. By the time I went to college in Philadelphia, I was driving back and forth on the weekends to go bowhunting, and I ve been into bowhunting ever since.Q: I know you hunt with firearms, but what would your bowhunting resume look like? Do you have a favorite species to hunt?A: Well, favorite is subjective, and what I love about hunting is it is seasonal. So about the time I ve had enough of sitting in a whitetail stand, I get a bit of a lull and then I go right into turkey season. Then summer comes, and I ve been fortunate to have done quite a bit of bowhunting in Africa, and I ve taken 15 or 16 species there. Then fall comes and I m out west, where I ve taken elk and numerous mule deer. I ve also hunted sheep and caribou, but mostly with a rifle. Of course, whitetails are big for me because they re the most accessible. I can roll out of bed at my cabin and choose from five treestands within 500 yards of the front door.Q: What kind of archery tackle and gear do you hunt with?A: Well, I shoot both traditional and compound bows   mostly traditional around home, and then a compound when I hunt out west. Right now I m shooting Mathews compounds, and I have a number of recurves, including DAS bows from 3Rivers Archery and a couple of Black Widows. I m a do-it-yourself kind of guy. I cut and fletch my own arrows, especially the traditional shafts. I think tuning is just as critical on traditional gear, because you have to tune the arrow more than the bow. A 25-grain change in point weight, especially with broadheads, can make a huge difference, and I m always tweaking my arrows to get the best flight. With a compound, I m tuning the bow more than the arrow. I have a bow press, so I do all that stuff myself.Donald-trump-jr-bowhuntingI shoot fixed-blade broadheads with my traditional gear, and mechanicals out of my compounds. Twenty years ago, when mechanicals first emerged, I had problems shooting deer broadside and having the arrow almost bounce off. The technology has improved, and now I m having great luck with Rage Hypodermics.Q: Your knowledge of all things archery and bowhunting tells me you re a detail-oriented guy. That is also very important in the corporate world. Which came first?A: Certainly it came from the outdoors, because I started so early. In archery, if you want to be good, you have to pay attention to details. I m not satisfied with a six-inch group at 20 yards. If my fletchings are not all touching in a tight group, I m working to find out why. Archery has taught me so much discipline, and a willingness to accept a challenge, and all that translates into the business world. My friends here in New York City call me the  Fifth Avenue Redneck.    Q: Is your brother as passionate about the outdoors as you are?A: Yes, he is. We work two offices down from each other, and every weekend we re doing some kind of shooting together. He s my number-one hunting buddy, and we don t do anything halfway.Q: You and your wife, Vanessa, have five children. Does she get out in the field or on the range with you?A: She will, but she is Mama Bear to the extreme, with five kids under eight years old. She s an incredible wife and mother, but she is a freakishly talented shooter, especially with a high-powered rifle. She has a PSE bow, and she shoots it well, too. I will say the archery industry has done a better job than any other industry in getting women into the game and encouraging them to participate, whether it s on the shooting side or the hunting side. And that interest filters down to the kids. My four-year-old knows a caribou from an elk, and a trout from a bass. It s amazing what they will absorb, and the whole family benefits.Q: Some hunters say they just don t have time to bowhunt. How does an ultra-busy New York real estate developer find the time to grab his bow and go hunting?A: Listen, it s about prioritization. The outdoor lifestyle is very important to me. We head for our country place every Friday night. With mobile technology, I can work anywhere in the world, and I don t think we ve spent a weekend in the city as a family since my daughter was born.I m not exaggerating when I say I am doing some form of shooting 48 weekends out of the year. I don t get that much vacation time, but I make sure I get in at least one major hunting trip every year. And there are times when I m working on a deal and I decide I am done for the day. That deal can wait until I am out of the tree and back on my computer. I make time for hunting and fishing.Q: What other benefits has hunting given you over the years?A: Well, the anticipation of an upcoming adventure keeps me sane, it helps me work harder when I am working, and it also helps keep me in shape. I don t work out because I love working out. If I have a sheep hunt coming up, I work hard to get in shape. Usually the guide will figure, yeah this guy talks a good game, but he s from the city, he s Trump s kid, and he ll never hold up. My goal is to show the guide I can handle myself on the mountain. If he knows I m up for it, he ll take me into places he may not take everyone else.Q: I imagine in your business life you run into antihunting types. How do you handle them?A:I m certainly not loved by a lot of those people because I don t apologize or renounce hunting and fishing, and I don t back down. That s not my style. Of course, they will never let the facts get in the way of their campaign against hunting, but I hit them back by saying,  Here are the benefits for conservation, and here are the facts about wildlife and hunting.  I m a big believer in the hunting and conservation mindset and the value that hunters bring, not only in this country, but all over the world.Q: How is your relationship with your father, and what does he think of your love of hunting?A: He s been very supportive, but he grew up in Queens, New York. He s an avid golfer who spent his life building a company. That was his focus. He takes pride in my accomplishments, but it s probably too late to introduce him to hunting and fishing. That said, my brother and I are good sounding boards for him.My father knows what he doesn t know, and he will defer to those who do know. You can bet Eric and I will be in his ear when it comes to things we value. And my father is a very vocal supporter of the 2nd Amendment. Maybe it s because he s a New York guy, but he doesn t get the credit he deserves for that support.Q: Do you think your father is surprised by how well he has done in the campaign?A: My father would never do anything that he didn t think he had a good shot at. He has done everything he wanted to do in his life and could sit back and play golf every day. But that s not his style. He s a true American and a true patriot, and he s sick of the lies and nonsense in Washington and the crony capitalism, which is why he s funding his own campaign. He doesn t want to be bought. He wants to do what s right for the country   not what s right for some lobby group.Q: Some would say that with your  resources,  wouldn t it be easier to just spend all your time hunting and fishing? Why work?A: It s not so simple. Part of what makes me the person I am is we were not spoiled financially. We had to work. We were not just given everything, and I know it s hard to say that in America today. People throw out the old  Silver Spoon  thing, but that s not the way we were raised by my father and grandfather. We started work young, and my dad often made sure we had to earn whatever we got. Being a trust-fund baby is not my style.I graduated from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania, then moved to Colorado and spent 18 months working as a bartender and fly fishing and hunting all the time. I wanted to take a break before I started my career in the business world. I m just not programmed to not be working.Q: You once said,  Hunting forces a person to endure, to master themselves, even to truly get to know the wild environment. Actually, along the way, hunting and fishing makes you fall in love with the natural world.  Every hunter can identify with that quote. Do your nonhunting acquaintances  get you? A: I m a pretty vocal proponent of the outdoors. I ve introduced dozens of New Yorkers to the outdoors who would likely never be exposed to it. I ve taken them shooting for a weekend, or hunting upland birds, and every one, even the ones who may have been squeamish about the idea at first, has said it was one of the most fun weekends of their life. My friends here in New York City call me the  Fifth Avenue Redneck. They no longer call me when they have something planned in the city on the weekends, because they know I m in the woods somewhere. The outdoors has been good to me, and it kept me out of trouble. I believe in the outdoor lifestyle and the benefits it brings to my life, and I want to make sure it is still there for my children and other people s children in the future.Q: So what would you say is your most memorable bowhunting moment?A: I ve been really lucky to do some cool stuff all over the world, but I would have to say the first elk I got with a bow. It was during my time in Colorado when I had two friends who were U.S. Ski Team members. We spent 28 days hunting elk on public land. It was a DIY hunt, and we were in great shape and hunted hard. One of my buddies tagged his elk on the 15th day, and the other on the 20th day. We packed their bulls out on our backs, and had a great experience. On the very last day, the day before I was to drive back to New York to start my career, we were hiking up a very steep slope toward a bugling bull. Suddenly, I saw a hoof step down through the brush 10 yards in front of me. I couldn t see the bull, but I signaled to my buddy to start cow-calling. When the bull started moving toward an opening I drew my bow, and when the vitals cleared at seven yards, I took the shot. Luckily the bull ran downhill, which made the pack out quite a bit easier. But after 28 long days of grueling hiking and hard hunting, that 4 4 raghorn is still the greatest animal I ve been able to take because of the intensity of the hunt and the effort expended. The three of us defied the odds by all tagging out on bow-killed elk. It was an unforgettable experience.By now you know preconceived notions do not always translate into reality. Yes, there are plenty of big-city businessmen who are serious bowhunters, but prior to this interview Donald Trump Jr. would not have appeared on my list.He and his brother Eric are two great examples of the transcendent nature of hunting with a bow and arrow. This passion we all love casts a wide net across every walk of life from rich to poor, young to old, city to country. The flight of the arrow is capable of capturing the imagination of anyone given the opportunity to experience it.We can all learn from the late Milos Zelnicek. If you share the outdoors and archery with a youngster, or anyone for that matter, the magic will happen on its own.You just never know who will become one of us.Read more: Bowhunter",0
16252,STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS OUT! Connected To Benghazi Scandal And Clinton E-mail Scandal [Video],"The Washington Post reported that higher ups in the State Department jumped ship before Rex Tillerson could take the helm but we don t know that was the case. Were the people who left asked to vacate their post or did they jump ship? WaPo was even called out by CNN for the misleading headline.   One of the things that the main stream media doesn t mention is that these officials were knee deep in the Benghazi Scandal and one of those (see below for more on Patrick Kennedy) was knee deep in the Clinton e-mail scandal too! It s what the press doesn t tell you that s important. We just don t know if this is a matter of these people resigning or a matter of our new president recognizing that we need to DRAIN THE SWAMP! COULD THIS BE THE SMOKING GUN THAT TRUMP CALLED OUT ON PATRICK KENNEDY: In what one congressman called the  flashing red light of potential criminality,  FBI documents indicate a senior State Department official offered a  quid pro quo  to get the FBI to remove the  Secret  label from one of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s emails from the days when she was secretary of state.The documents say State Department Undersecretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who had served as an aide and confidante to Clinton, offered the deal, and continued trying to influence the FBI s decision by taking his case over the head of FBI agents to whom he initially proposed the deal.FBI documents say Kennedy offered the FBI additional positions overseas if the  Secret  label, the middle level of classification, would be removed. Clinton, who used a private server for her emails while she was secretary of state, has contended she never sent or received classified information. The FBI has ruled otherwise.In response to the FBI bombshell, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump released a video on Twitter in which he said the allegations show  corruption at the highest level.  READ MORE: WJ",0
16253,DEFIANT NATIONAL PARK SERVICE STAFF GOES ROGUE: Mounts Anti-Trump Twitter Campaign,"The employees went on twitter to speak about global warming and immigration The Twitter accounts themselves went beyond the official National Park Service accounts. The @AltUSNatParkService account, which calls itself an  Unofficial  Resistance  team of the U.S. National Park Service,  has garnered over half a million followers.Climate-related tweets sent out by the official Badlands park account were deleted after they went viral on Twitter, sparking debate over whether the park was defying the Trump administration.YES! THIS IS DEFIANT AND SINCE THE FEDS ARE THEIR EMPLOYER, THEY SHOULD BE FIRED! ",0
16254,TERRIFIC! PRESIDENT TRUMP Takes On The United Nations With Latest Executive Order,"THE US PROVIDES 22% OF THE BUDGET FOR THE UNITED NATIONS!Donald Trump is preparing executive orders that would dramatically reduce US funding of the United Nations, as well as other international organizations that do not meet certain criteria.The executive order plans to repeal certain multilateral treaties too, officials told the New York Times, which would likely include treaties on climate change.The first order, called  Auditing and Reducing US Funding of International Organizations , will take away funding for any United Nations agency or international body that meets criteria, including: organisations that give full membership to the Palestinian Authority or Palestine Liberation Organisation; support abortion and any group that circumvents sanctions on Iran or North Korea.Funding will be taken away from any organization that is  controlled or substantially influenced by any state that sponsors terrorism  or is behind the persecution of marginalised groups or systematic violation of human rights.The order has singled out peacekeeping, the International Criminal Court and the United Nations Population Fund. The UNPFA targets violence against women, fights to keeps childbirth and abortion, where it is legal, safe, and was a key presence in safeguarding women in Haiti following Hurricane Matthew.The order demands decreasing US funding towards international organizations by at least 40 per cent.Earlier reports revealed that Congress was planning legislation to stop funding the UN after it voted to condemn Israeli settlement building in the Occupied Territories.Read more: The Independent ",0
16255,WOW! TUCKER CARLSON TAKES ON OBAMACARE ARCHITECT Who Thinks “Americans just don’t understand what it’s done for them” [Video], ,0
16256,PRESIDENT TRUMP Describes Receiving Nuclear Codes…Gives Great Answer! [Video],"Pres. Trump on receiving nuclear codes:  It is a very sobering moment, yes. It s very, very, very scary in a sense.  https://t.co/FXAwZGhKWA pic.twitter.com/KGPh6CKyE3  World News Tonight (@ABCWorldNews) January 26, 2017 President Donald Trump said during an interview Wednesday that the moment he received the codes to the country s nuclear arsenal was a  very scary thing.  The president described being given the responsibility as a  very sobering moment  during the interview that aired on ABC.  It is very, very  very scary in a sense,  Trump said. No but it s, I have confidence that I ll do the right thing, the right job. But it s a very, very scary thing,  he told ABC s David Muir when asked if having access to the nuclear codes keeps him up at night.Via: NYP",0
16257,"MIC DROP MOMENT: Veteran Senator Asked By A Testy Sen. Schumer Where He Was 8 Years Ago: “Eight years ago, I was getting my ass shot at in Afghanistan”","When President Donald Trump visited the CIA Saturday, he had hoped that CIA Director Mike Pompeo would accompany him. But when Trump arrived at the Langley, Virginia, headquarters of the Agency, he was instead accompanied by Congressman Mike Pompeo.Here s what happened between Schumer and Cotton on Friday:The Senate reconvened after the inaugural ceremonies on Friday, with Pompeo s nomination set to come up at 4:50pm. Cotton angrily confronted Schumer about his broken promise. According to witnesses, Schumer told Cotton to lower his voice and asked him move off of the Senate floor to an adjacent hallway for a private discussion.  We need to take this out into the hallway,  Schumer said. Cotton walked with Schumer but loudly rejected his first request.  Don t tell me to lower my voice!  he shouted, with an additional salty admonition tacked on for emphasis. Burr and Cornyn were present, as was Senator Mark Warner, ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and several aides.Schumer told Cotton that the Senate had never previously confirmed a CIA director on Inauguration Day and if Cotton had been around eight years earlier, he d know that Republicans didn t extend that courtesy for incoming president Barack Obama.  Eight years ago, I was getting my ass shot at in Afghanistan,  Cotton snapped.  So don t talk to me about where I was 8 years ago. Cotton asked Schumer why he d gone back on his word. Schumer claimed that he d only been speaking for himself when he promised to let Pompeo through.  I said that I would not block him,  Schumer said, emphasizing the personal pronoun, according to sources who witnessed the exchange.  I never said that I could speak for 47 other Democrats. The Republicans were stunned.Senator Chuck Schumer is the poster boy for term limits. His actions on this are a stain on his already tarnished reputation.Thank you to GREAT PATRIOT TOM COTTON for your service and for standing up to this weasel!Read more: WS",0
16258,TRUMP COMES OUT SWINGING: Watch Announcement On Taxes And Regulation…This Leader Means Business! [Video], ,0
16259,WATCH! Clueless Anti-Trump “Protesters” Asked Why They’re Protesting Give Hysterical Answers [Video], ,0
16260,KARMA! HOLLYWOOD LIBERALS Bashed Trump So Guess What’s Up For SERIOUS Cuts?,"Obama Leaves U.S.A $9,335,000,000,000 Deeper in Debt",0
16261,BREAKING: PRESIDENT TRUMP Signs Most Important Executive Order “To Ease The Burden”,Via: NPR,0
16262,CLASSIC! UNHINGED LIBERAL Loses It…Screams “Nooo!” As Soon As Trump Is Sworn In [Video],"An anti-Trump protester screams  no  as Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th US President pic.twitter.com/qmsaFmMSkr  ITV News (@itvnews) January 20, 2017",0
16263,WATCH HILARIOUSLY AWKWARD Moment Between Rick Perry And Al Franken: “Oh my Lord!” [Video],Franken asked Perry if he enjoyed a meeting they recently had at his office:Franken:  Thank you so much for coming into my office. Did you enjoy meeting me? Perry:  I hope you re as much fun on that dias as you were on your couch. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxrKlVv4UDA,0
16264,WATCH MAJOR MOMENT President-elect Trump And Entire Family Arrive In D.C. [Video], ,0
16265,JUDGE NAPOLITANO: TRUMP Plans To Sign 200 Executive Orders ASAP With A Few Key Orders The First Day In Office [Video],"Some of the key regulations are thought to be with energy regulations, Obamacare and other items Trump has at the top of his list like dealing with illegal aliens All in all Napolitano says 200 executive orders will crush the Obama legacy Thank goodness! ",0
16266,TRUMP FINANCIAL ADVISOR Has Great Tax News For Job Creators: “I think they need to get that done quickly”…MAGA! [VIDEO],President-elect Donald J. Trump s economic advisor Steve Moore told Neil Cavuto the incoming administration may introduce two separate tax bills to increase chances of prompt Congressional approval. Moore says Trump s tax reform plan should primarily focus on slashing the corporate tax rate to somewhere between 15% and 20%. ,0
16267,RADICAL ERIC HOLDER STIRS THE POT…Claims Republicans Won Election By “Rigging The System” [Video], ,0
16268,“LITTLE” MARCO RUBIO GRILLS Trump’s Secretary Of State Nominee Like A Chihuahua Biting The Ankles Of Andre The Giant [Video], ,0
16269,BUZZFEED’S EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Attempts Lame Explanation Of Why He Published Fake News On Trump: “This was absolutely the right thing to do” [Video],"Here s @chucktodd s interview with @BuzzFeedBen about BuzzFeed s decision to publish that dossier https://t.co/Oa7Fs6IVLT  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) January 11, 2017",0
16270,BREAKING: Black Caucus Chair Threatens Over “Cops are Pigs” Painting: ”We may just have to kick somebody’s ass and stop them” [Video],A spat between black lawmakers and Republicans over a painting on display in the Capitol got uglier Tuesday after multiple GOP lawmakers removed the painting for the second time in a week   and the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus suggested supporters of displaying the painting  may just have to kick somebody s ass. THE BIG PROBLEM WITH THIS IS THIS CONGRESSMAN HAS A HISTORY OF GETTING INTO DRUNKEN BAR FIGHTS:Please listen to Congressman Lacy Clay and his very questionable reasoning for wanting the painting to be displayed in the Capitol building:IN CASE YOU HAVEN T SEEN THIS PAINTING: ,0
16271,OBAMA MAKES STUNNING 11th Hour Gift Of Massive Uranium Shipment To Iran…As Iran Develops Long-Range Missile Plan,"In what amounts to an 11th hour  gift  by the outgoing Obama administration to Tehran s leadership to keep the country, which on Sunday was involved in yet another shooting incident with a US destroyer, content and compliant with Obama s landmark  Nuclear deal , the AP reported that Iran is to receive a huge shipment of natural uranium from Russia to compensate it for exporting tons of reactor coolant. The move was approved by the outgoing U.S. administration and other governments  seeking to keep Tehran committed to a landmark nuclear pact. AP cites two senior diplomats who said that the transfer which was recently agreed by the U.S. and five other world powers that negotiated the nuclear deal with Iran, foresees delivery of 116 metric tons (nearly 130 tons) of natural uranium. U.N. Security Council approval is needed but a formality, considering five of those powers are permanent Security Council members, they said. The swap is in compensation for the approximately 40 metric tons (44 tons) of heavy water exported by Iran to Russia since the nuclear agreement went into effect. Another 30 metric tons have gone to the U.S. and Oman.While Uranium can be enriched to levels ranging from reactor fuel or medical and research purposes to the core of an atomic bomb, Iran has claimed it has no interest in such weapons and its activities are being closely monitored under the nuclear pact to make sure they remain peaceful. As we reported at the time, Tehran previously received a similar amount of natural uranium in 2015 as part of negotiations leading up to the nuclear deal, in a swap for enriched uranium it sent to Russia. But the new shipment will be the first such consignment since the deal came into force a year ago.The news comes ahead of a meeting in Vienna, where representatives of Iran, the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany will review Iranian complaints that the U.S. was reneging on sanctions relief pledges included in the nuclear deal.As AP adds,  the uranium agreement comes at a sensitive time. With the incoming U.S. administration and many U.S. lawmakers already skeptical of how effective the nuclear deal is in keeping Iran s nuclear program peaceful over the long term, they might view it as further evidence that Tehran is being given too many concessions. Tehran s nuclear activities start to expire in less than a decade. The troubling part, if only for those who see Iran as hell bent on creating nucleaar weapons was noted by David Albright, whose Institute of Science and International Security often briefs U.S. lawmakers on Iran s nuclear program, says the shipment could be enriched to enough weapons-grade uranium for more than 10 simple nuclear bombs,  depending on the efficiency of the enrichment process and the design of the nuclear weapon. While it remains to be seen if Trump will comment on the unexpected delivery, we are certain that Israel, and especially its embattled prime minister Netanyahu, will raise a substantial fuss over the renewed possibility of a nuclear-armed neighbor. Heavy water is used to cool a type of reactor that produces more plutonium than reactors cooled by light water. Like enriched uranium, plutonium can be turned into the fissile core of a nuclear weaponMeanwhile, Reuters reports that Iranian lawmakers, far from demilitarizing, approved plans on Monday to expand military spending to five percent of the budget, including developing the country s long-range missile program which U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to halt. The vote is a boost to Iran s military establishment   the regular army, the elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and defense ministry   which was allocated almost 2 percent of the 2015-16 budget. But it could put the Islamic Republic on a collision course with the incoming Trump administration, and fuel criticism from other Western states which say Tehran s recent ballistic missile tests are inconsistent with a U.N. resolution on Iran. The resolution, adopted last year as part of the deal to curb Iran s nuclear activities, calls on Iran to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Tehran says it has not carried out any work on missiles specifically designed to carry such payloads.The Obama administration says Iran s ballistic missile tests have not violated the nuclear agreement with Tehran, but Trump, who criticized the accord as  the worst deal ever negotiated , has said he would stop Iran s missile program. Those ballistic missiles, with a range of 1,250 miles, were designed to intimidate not only Israel   but also intended to frighten Europe and someday maybe hit even the United States,  he told the American Israel Public Affairs Committee AIPAC in March.  We re not going to let that happen. So one hand, we have Obama desperate to salvage his diplomatic legacy (having already seen TPP implode and Obamacare starting the repeal proess), appeasing Iran in every possible way, even if it means further antagonizing Israel; on the other we have Iran taking advantage of Obama s weakness, and accelerating the ballistic weapons program which has been banned per the same treasury that Obama wants to see continue. Finally, throw in Trump and Netanyahu in the mix, and the future for US-Iranian relations after January 20 suddenly looks rather volatile.  Zero Hedge",0
16272,BREAKING: WHY IS OBAMA Sending Huge Number Of Troops To Germany? [VIDEO],"The largest armed U.S. military brigade to be deployed to Europe since the end of the Cold War arrived Saturday at a port in northern Germany, military officials said.The U.S. Army s 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division arrived in the port of Bremerhaven on Friday and began a days-long process of deploying heavy equipment including tanks and armored vehicles. The deployment is the culmination of a promised heavier armed troop presence in eastern Europe since the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014.The move was meant to reassure nervous NATO allies the United States was prepared to respond in the event of further Russian aggression in the region.The arrival of the 3,500-troop heavy brigade is part of Operation Atlantic Resolve. The Army has maintained troop deployments in the region for decades, but had allowed their numbers to lapse for months at a time as troops were rotated out of Europe without being replaced. Stars and Stripes reported the Pentagon plans to maintain the full deployment and immediately replace returning soldiers after their 9-month deployments are completed.The troops will meet in Poland and eventually will be deployed there, as well as Romania, Bulgaria, Germany and across the Baltics. Once there, they will engage in training exercises with NATO host nations.  UPI",0
16273,WIKILEAKS HITS BACK At Lying Political Hack James Clapper…Testimony On The Hill Highly Partisan! [Video], ,0
16274,FECKLESS RINO JOHN MCCAIN Waits For Final Days Of Obama Presidency To Call Out His Inept Handling Of Cybersecurity,"McCain: Our intelligence agencies concluded unanimously that the Russian government directed compromises of emails from US persons and institutions including from US political organizations. McCain: US intelligence agencies unanimously found Russia hacked US political organizations https://t.co/iG3fDGnY4k https://t.co/uOAaSL2ini  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) January 5, 2017DNI Clapper repeatedly refused to answer questions and referred to a report coming out next week THIS is why this entire showboat is a joke!Furthermore, DNI Clapper has been proven a liar before so we have no reason to believe him now: March 12, 2013- Senator Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) asks Director of National Intelligence James Clapper  Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans? . Director Clapper answered  No, sir   not wittingly.  Later that year, it was revealed the the NSA was indeed collecting telephone metadata of millions of law-abiding Americans.",0
16275,INVITED POP STAR SAYS SHE’LL PERFORM At Trump Inauguration ONLY If She Can Sing Song About Lynching Blacks,"British pop singer Rebecca Ferguson, daughter of a white British woman and Jamaican father, says she has been invited to perform at Donald Trump s inauguration, but her response may not be the RSVP the President-elect s team were expecting.The former UK X-Factor runner-up said she would only accept the invitation on the condition that she could perform  Strange Fruit    a song protesting racism in 1930s America, made famous by Billie Holiday.The lyrics, written in the 1930s by Jewish communist Abel Meeropol, were composed as a protest poem to highlight endemic racism in America s southern states.The song s opening lyrics deal with lynching, which was still happening in parts of the country at the time: Southern trees bear strange fruit // Blood on the leaves and blood at the root // Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze // Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees.According to Billie Holiday s Estate, Holiday regularly performed the song at live performances in 1939. Her record label, Columbia, refused to let her record the song under their name, so they granted her a one-session contractual release that gave Holiday clearance to independently record the track.Later that year, the album featuring  Strange Fruit  sold a million copies, becoming Holiday s biggest-selling record at the time. In 1978, the single was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.  Last month, The Beach Boys told CNN that the group has been contacted about performing, but that  no decision has been made at this point as to how or whether they will participate. The so-called ""A"" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016-CNN",0
16276,SHOCKING AUDIO RELEASED Of John Kerry Discussing Obama Allowing The Rise of ISIS To Help Regime Change In Syria,"WHAT S WORSE IS THE SECOND LONGER VERSION OF THE AUDIO WHERE KERRY SPILLS THE BEANS ON HOW THE END GOAL OF CREATING ISIS WAS TO CAUSE REGIME CHANGE IN SYRIA BUT THEY DIDN T COUNT ON RUSSIA GETTING INVOLVED. LANGUAGE ALERT BELOW BUT WORTH IT:DISGRACE!John Kerry says the problem with Syria is that young Americans don t want 2 die anymore Secret Audio John Kerry Behind Closed Doors pic.twitter.com/0K4fvLuaUT  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) January 3, 2017AT THE 30:00 MARK IS WHERE KERRY TALKS ABOUT SENDING AMERICANS IN TO FIGHT:THREE OBJECTIVES ARE REVEALED:They didn t count on Assad turning to Russia for help And now you know the rest of the story Read more: CT ",0
16277,TRUMP TWEET STORM On Obamacare Sets Up Battle with Democrats On “Lousy Healthcare” [Video],Remember when Pelosi said it s  AFFORDABLE : ,0
16278,"PELOSI Lied About “Affordable” Healthcare And Now Threatens Republican “Cowards” For Ditching It: “You break it, you own it” [Video]",Via: WT,0
16279,TOP 5 WAYS TRUMP Can Cut Waste ASAP!,"1. Disarm federal regulatory agenciesDuring an eight-year period, 53 non-military, non-law enforcement agencies spent a shocking $335 million on guns, ammunition and military-style equipment.2. Fire EPA lawyersThe EPA has more lawyers than scientists The EPA doesn t need 1,020 lawyers to harass the private sector.3. Blockade federal funds for sanctuary citiesBest was to clean up sanctuary cities!4. Cut funding for agency self-promotionCongress should tell the administration how agencies are doing through rigorous oversight. Funding self-promotional agency PR campaigns is absurd.5. Direct small business funds   to small businessHere s a novel idea: Lending by the U.S. Small Business Administration should go to small businesses!Read the last 5 at: Forbes ",0
16280,RUSSIA’S STRANGE 45-ACRE MARYLAND COMPOUND Closed Down To Punish Diplomats,"WASHINGTON   It sits on the Corsica River along the Eastern shore, a 45-acre Russian compound known as the Washington Dacha to those who use it.When it was closed on Thursday as part of the White House s response to what it called Russian interference during the presidential election, questions began to swirl around what took place at the estate in Queen Anne s County. The main reason it was used was to get rid of spy gear, and to possibly have private conversations,  said Pete Earley, author of the book  Comrade J: The Untold Secrets of Russia s Master Spy in America After the End of the Cold War. The property in Centreville, Maryland, consists of two Georgian-style mansions, six guest cottages, a pool and tennis court. It was mainly a retreat for Russian diplomats stationed in Washington according to Earley and wasn t used as a site for spying activities.The site, however, did play a small role in Russian espionage, Earley said.As the story goes, according to Earley, Russian generals at the compound wanted a speed boat to use on the water, but the only one docked there was for diplomats. To sell the Kremlin on the idea of buying a boat for military officers, the generals came up with a plan to use the boat to discard old spy gear. They would take speed boat out into the middle of the river and they would dump all this smashed spy gear into the water,  Earley said.Read more: wtop",0
16281,"BREAKING: Federal Judge STOPS Obamacare Transgender, Abortion Related Protections","O Connor found that the plaintiffs had standing to bring the lawsuit because they  have presented concrete evidence to support their fears that they will be subject to enforcement under the Rule. WASHINGTON   A federal judge in Texas on Saturday issued a nationwide injunction halting enforcement of Obama administration protections for transgender and abortion-related healthcare services just one day before they were due to go into effect. The lawsuit   brought by Texas, a handful of other states, and some religiously affiliated nonprofit medical groups   challenges a regulation implementing the sex nondiscrimination requirement found in the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The Health and Human Services (HHS) regulation  forbids discriminating on the basis of  gender identity  and  termination of pregnancy  under Obamacare, as US District Court Judge Reed O Connor wrote in his opinion halting enforcement of those provisions in the rule.Specifically, the ACA provision   Section 1557   prohibits discrimination in federally-funded health benefits, including based on sex. Over the course of 2015 and this year, HHS proposed and finalized a regulation interpreting the definition of  sex  in that provisions to include  gender identity    defined as  internal sense of gender, which may be male, female, neither, or a combination of male and female    as well as  sex stereotyping  and  termination of pregnancy. Explaining the lawsuit, O Connor wrote,  Plaintiffs claim the Rule s interpretation of sex discrimination pressures doctors to deliver healthcare in a manner that violates their religious freedom and thwarts their independent medical judgment and will require burdensome changes to their health insurance plans on January 1, 2017.  The states and nonprofits in the healthcare lawsuit allege that the regulation violates the Administrative Procedure Act (APA)   which sets the rules for federal government rule-making   and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). O Connor found that the plaintiffs had standing to bring the lawsuit because they  have presented concrete evidence to support their fears that they will be subject to enforcement under the Rule.  The White House defended the administration s policies on Saturday night.Read more: Buzzfeed",0
16282,UNREAL! Obama Administration Paying Some Illegals To Stay In Their Home Country [Video],"Some illegal immigrants receive money from Uncle Sam even after they are deported back to their home country, a new report said Thursday.According to Sen. Rand Paul s annual  airing of grievances,  a report that documents the most extreme cases of government waste from the previous year, the Obama administration is using a taxpayer-funded program to provide business support to undocumented immigrants from El Salvador that were deported from the U.S.The Republican from Kentucky also chairs a Senate subcommittee on federal spending oversight.The annual document cites a report first published on Jan. 4, which found that the Obama administration has given $50,000 in taxpayer money to illegal immigrants who were deported from the U.S. back to their home country of El Salvador.",0
16283,BREAKING: Did The U.S. Government Attack Drudge Report?,"A tweet from conservative media icon Matt Drudge s verified Twitter account Thursday night appeared to accuse the government of interfering with his website, DrudgeReport.com, just hours after the Barack Obama administration announced new sanctions against Russia over election hacking. Is the US government attacking DRUDGE REPORT? Biggest DDoS since site s inception. VERY suspicious routing [and timing],  the tweet to Drudge s 457,000 followers read. There were no other tweets from the account at the time.A large-scale distributed denial of service attack, or DDoS, can cause major Internet disruptions. In the past, such attacks have shut down major websites such as Twitter, Spotify, Netflix, Amazon, Tumblr, and Reddit. The attack sends a server many illegitimate requests to make it hard for real requests to get through, effectively shutting down the site.Drudge Report was down briefly around 7 p.m. EST, but working hours later. The top headline read:  MOSCOW MOCKS OBAMA  LAME DUCK'  Meanwhile, the conservative Washington Times wrote:  Matt Drudge suggests U.S. government cyberattack on Drudge Report website. DDoS attack comes same day Obama announced countermeasures against Russia for hacking of Democrats. Conservatives on Twitter also accused the government of shutting down the Russian news website, RT.  Numerous reports of Russian state-run Network RT being unavailable. Drudge Report also under  Biggest DDoS attack since site s inception,'  wrote one user.Read more: ibtimes",0
16284,RUSSIA’S HYSTERICAL RESPONSE To Obama’s Sanctions: “Cold War Deja Vu”,"The Russian response to Barack Obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the US election, was fast, and in some cases, rather amusing:The Russian response to Barack Obama s announcement that he was expelling 35 diplomats over the alleged cyber attack on the US election, was fast, and in some cases, rather amusing.As officials in Moscow said that US diplomats would be ordered to leave in a tit-for-tat response, the Russian Embassy used Twitter to make its point with little panache.Read more: Independent ",0
16285,BOMBSHELL CLAIM: ISRAEL’S NETANYAHU Resonds To Kerry’s ‘Skewed’ Speech [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31MRqr9ydUU,0
16286,A DEFENSIVE JOHN KERRY Asks That Israel Move Its Borders Back To 1967 [Video],"John Kerry gave a long-winded speech today claiming the Obama administration had been a friend to Israel. He went on and on describing the support to the Israeli military. He was clearly on the defensive after the debacle of the US abstaining in a vote by the UN Security Council to punish Israel. It s been no secret that the Obama administration has been anti-Israel from the beginning, so Kerry s speech was wasted air time. No one believes anything John Kerry says his credibility had been lost long ago. All you need to know about him was revealed when he flew singer James Taylor to Paris to sing  You ve Got A Friend  after the horrific terror attack by Islamic terrorists. Obama and Kerry are clearly of the pacifist school of thought that will clear a path for the destruction of the West and Israel.During his speech today he asked that Israel move its borders back to the 1967 location something Obama had previously stated he d like to see Israel do WHAT ARE THESE TWO SMOKING? ",0
16287,DIRTY JOBS’ MIKE ROWE: Great Opportunities Out There That People Don’t Know Exist [Video], ,0
16288,PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP’S INAUGURAL COMMITTEE Announces Schedule Of Events,"Today, the Presidential Inaugural Committee (PIC) released the schedule of official events for the 58th Presidential Inauguration. The official portion of the inaugural will begin with the President-elect and Vice President-elect laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery, continue with a welcome concert on Thursday, January 19th, and end with the National Prayer Service on Saturday, January 21st. The inaugural will carry the message of President-elect Trump s historic campaign,  Make America Great Again! President-elect Trump is committed to unifying our country as we once again celebrate the foundation of our American system and the peaceful transfer of power,  said PIC Chairman Tom Barrack.  The 2017 inaugural celebrations will reflect President-elect Trump s eagerness to get to work in order to make our country safer and stronger. The Committee also released an extensive schedule of inaugural events to be held over a five day span starting Tuesday, including several dinners honoring the President-elect, Vice-President-elect, and cabinet secretaries, a concert celebrating the American people, the swearing-in, the inaugural parade, two inaugural balls and a ball saluting our armed forces and first responders.Many of the ticketed events will be available to the general public, and information can be found at the PIC website at www.58pic2017.org for those interested in obtaining tickets. Media credentialing information for inaugural events is available at https://www.58pic2017.org/press.Wreath Laying Ceremony Arlington National CemeteryMake America Great Again! Welcome Celebration Lincoln Memorial Ticket required for special viewing areas. No ticket required for general public viewing areas.Inaugural Swearing-in Ceremony US CapitolInaugural Parade Pennsylvania Avenue Ticket required for special viewing areas. No ticket required for general public viewing areas.Inaugural Balls Ticket required   limited availability.National Prayer Service Washington National Cathedral",0
16289,A MUST WATCH! “It’s Time To Show America Is Bigger And Better Than Ever Before!” – Donald J. Trump [Video],"  #PresidentElectTrumpABSOLUTELY MUST WATCHToday there is hope for the American people.We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgainPlease RT pic.twitter.com/WSbpcKr8np  Brian Fraser (@bfraser747) November 9, 2016",0
16290,LOONY CALIFORNIA SECESSION Group Proclaims They’ve Opened An Embassy…In Russia [Video],"California gained an embassy in Russia last weekend, at least in the eyes of those who have promised to seek a statewide vote on secession, nicknamed  Calexit,  in 2018.Louis Marinelli, a San Diego resident who is the leader of the group promoting an effort to turn the state into an independent country, organized the Moscow event that was publicized on social media. We want to start laying the groundwork for a dialogue about an independent California joining the United Nations now,  he said in an email Monday.Read more: LA Times",0
16291,EX-FBI AGENT NAVY SEAL: “Russian Interference” Lie Spread By Intelligence Community Is Like Hitler’s Mein Kampf [Video],"Former FBI Agent and Navy Seal Jonathan Gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  Russian interference :  The people who leaked stuff to The New York Times, those people are political appointees and that is a measured response and a coordinated response that goes right along, and I know this is big me saying this, with Hitler s Mein Kampf and the big lie. Where they tell a big lie and keep telling it until people believe it. And that s what this is. You have political appointees and people who are chosen by those political appointees to be at the top of the CIA and these other intel agencies and they do the president s dirty work. ",0
16292,FINALLY! THE 538 ELECTORAL COLLEGE MEMBERS Cast Ballots Today…What You Need To Know About The Process,"WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:In all 50 state capitals and the District of Columbia, electors   chosen by the state parties of the candidate who carried their state, Trump or Hillary Clinton   will meet to cast their ballots. There s no national meeting of the Electoral College. Instead, electors gather in each state   usually in the Capitol.Under federal law, though, electors must gather on December 19. And each elector must sign six copies certifying their votes for president and vice president.Two ballots go to the National Archives. One goes to the president of the Senate. Two go to their state s chief elections officer. And one goes to a local judge. After Monday s votes, there is still one last step: On January 6, Congress has to officially count the electoral votes. Vice President Joe Biden will preside over the count. Lawmakers can technically object   in writing, with objections signed by at least one House and one Senate member   to individual electoral votes or entire states  results. If the House and Senate support that objection, the vote or votes in question are thrown out. But that has never happened. After the votes are counted, the results are final, and Trump is officially set for his inauguration at noon on January 20.Read more: CNN",0
16293,MAN ROBS TAXPAYERS OF $1.4 Million In Food Stamp Scam…Using Fish!,"Feldman operates Upstate Fish, a market at 826 Joseph Ave. His father, Jack, a Holocaust survivor, opened the store under the name Jack s Modern Fish Market in 1954 and is a well-known figure in the community. A year ago, the elder Feldman was among a number of Holocaust survivors who had Hanukkah dinner with the Obamas and the president of Israel at the White House.Irving Feldman was accused of two different schemes, one netting more than $1.2 million and the other more than $200,000.The more lucrative scheme involved unlawfully buying $1,227,063 worth of food stamps from willing recipients for less than half their face value, according to the news release. The recipients received cash, and Feldman was able to reap a considerable profit by redeeming the food stamps with the federal government for their full value. This fish market owner was caught running a food stamp fraud scheme that was truly breathtaking in scale,  state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said.Feldman also admitted to a second scheme in which he induced food stamp recipients to use their benefit cards to buy fish from other retail markets, then sell the fish to him at steeply discounted prices. The recipients pocketed cash, and Feldman got inventory he could sell at full value.The value of that scheme was about $202,000, the official statement said.Read more: DandC",0
16294,FBI NEW YORK FIELD OFFICE Just Gave A Wake Up Call To Hillary Clinton,"EXCLUSIVE: FBI New York Field Office Told To Continue Clinton Foundation ProbeOfficials at FBI headquarters instructed its New York field office to continue its corruption investigation into the Clinton Foundation following the election of Republican candidate Donald Trump, according to a former senior law enforcement official.The instructions ordered agents to  go forward  with their ongoing inquiry into the Clinton Foundation which is focusing on issues of corruption and money laundering, according to the source. There were no instructions to shut it down, to discontinue or to stand down on the investigation, but to continue its work,  the former official told the Daily Caller News Foundation in an interview.He said he received this information about a week ago and that the order originated from the bureau s headquarters in Washington, D.C. well after the November 8 election. He did not know who at FBI Headquarters issued the order.Read more: DCF",0
16295,TRUMP MEETS WITH TECH GIANTS: “Everybody in this room has to like me” [Video],"Trump to tech leaders:  You re doing well right now and I m very honored by the bounce so right now everybody in this room has to like me  pic.twitter.com/LNhvHg31Wq  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) December 14, 2016",0
16296,WOW! FORMER AMBASSADOR TO RUSSIA Lists Failures Of OBAMA in Syria [VIDEO], ,0
16297,BREAKING: TRUMP ANNOUNCES Nominee For Secretary Of State…Liberal Heads Explode!," Leading Republicans have already expressed anxieties about Tillerson, as they contend with intelligence assessments saying that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election to help turn the tables Trump s way.   FOX NewsThe RINOs will certainly join in with their concerns just like Marco Rubio did in a tweet: Being a  friend of Vladimir  is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState.    Sen. Marco RubioPresident-elect Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he intends to nominate ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State.Tillerson impressed Trump during the two meetings he had with him. Trump had high praise for the energy titan, calling him a  world class player . He s in charge of an oil company that s pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor,  Trump told host Chris Wallace.  It s been a company that s been unbelievably managed, and to me a great advantage is he knows many of the players and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia, he does massive deals for the company. Not for himself, for the company. Trump pointed to Tillerson s relations with Moscow and other political hot spots as a selling point. As ExxonMobil s chief, he maintained close ties with Russia and was awarded by Russian President Vladimir Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013, a high honor for a foreign citizen.Read more: FOX ",0
16298,SCROOGE PASTOR HECKLES Kids Waiting In Line For Santa: “Santa Does Not Exist!” [Video], ,0
16299,"WAR HAWK, ANTI-TRUMPER RINOS Join Dems To Investigate Russian Influence In Election…Trump Says Russian Interference Claim Is “Ridiculous”[VIDEO]","Pro man-made climate change, RINO Lindsay Graham, who never saw a war he didn t want to engage our troops in, joins his war hawk, RINO, anti-Trumper friend John McCain (who got crushed by Obama in the 2008 Presidential election), to call for investigations into Russian influence in our November elections. John McCain withdrew his support for Trump after the bad words he used in a private conversation with another guy. Lindsey Graham got crushed by Trump in the primaries and was a loud voice against his nomination. He eventually changed his mind and offered his support for Trump in the general election against Hillary. John McCain did not change his mind.The recount is over, but there s still time to discredit the legitimacy of Donald J. Trump s landslide election. Who better to help the Democrats, than two RINO s who are at the top of the heap when it comes to draining useless Republicans from  the swamp. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) said Wednesday he would lead a charge to investigate Russia s interference in the U.S. election and hacks on the Democratic Party. I think [Donald] Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia, because if he doesn t, you re going to allow Russia to begin to break apart alliances,  Graham told CNN s Manu Raju.The Republican senator also said he hoped to use his leadership role on two subcommittees to launch a deeper investigation of Russia s hacks, CNN reported. Graham chairs the State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs subcommittee and the Crime and Terrorism subcommittee.Raju said Graham told him that he and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chair of the Armed Services Committee, will travel to Eastern Europe to investigate Russian meddling in other countries  elections.During the campaign, Graham was a strong GOP critic of Trump, including on his friendlier stance toward Russia, and chose to vote instead for independent candidate Evan McMullin.  The HillThe Obama administration clearly stated that they saw NO evidence of outside election tampering in the general election.On November 26, 2016 the Obama administration said it has seen no evidence of hackers tampering with the 2016 presidential election, even as recount proceedings began in Wisconsin. We stand behind our election results, which accurately reflect the will of the American people,  a senior administration official told POLITICO late Friday. The federal government did not observe any increased level of malicious cyber activity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on election day,  the official added.  We believe our elections were free and fair from a cybersecurity perspective. Yet yesterday this story appeared in the New York Times: WASHINGTON   American intelligence agencies have concluded with  high confidence  that Russia acted covertly in the latter stages of the presidential campaign to harm Hillary Clinton s chances and promote Donald J. Trump, according to senior administration officials.They based that conclusion, in part, on another finding   which they say was also reached with high confidence   that the Russians hacked the Republican National Committee s computer systems in addition to their attacks on Democratic organizations, but did not release whatever information they gleaned from the Republican networks.In the months before the election, it was largely documents from Democratic Party systems that were leaked to the public. Intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russians gave the Democrats  documents to WikiLeaks.Republicans have a different explanation for why no documents from their networks were ever released. Over the past several months, officials from the Republican committee have consistently said that their networks were not compromised, asserting that only the accounts of individual Republicans were attacked. On Friday, a senior committee official said he had no comment.Donald Trump has said the CIA s conclusion that Russia interfered in the presidential election is  ridiculous  and being used by Democrats as  just another excuse  for his defeat of Hillary Clinton.The president-elect told Fox News Sunday that he did not necessarily oppose Barack Obama s order for a review of campaign-season cyber-attacks.But he added that in any such effort,  you should not just say  Russia . You should say other countries also, and maybe other individuals.   Guardian",0
16300,OUTRAGE! HOW REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT Is Using United States As Dumping Ground To Settle Diplomatic Disputes," Admitting Somalis who d been settled for years in Pakistan   like the Ohio State jihadi and his family   is only one of them. Another  refugee  absurdity was revealed recently   the Obama administration has agreed to admit illegal aliens intercepted at sea by Australia and held in camps outside that country, on two Pacific islands.The number of people said to be affected is reported to range from 1,600 to nearly 2,500; my colleague Nayla Rush has an overview here. These are people Australia has decided do not warrant refugee status (or what our law would consider asylum). Therefore they have no right to move to Australia. But for a variety of reasons, Australia cannot, or does not want to, send them back, and the  refugees  won t accept offers of resettlement in New Guinea or Cambodia because they re holding out for a First World country. What s more, their presence in those Australian-run camps on the islands of Nauru and Manus (the latter owned by Papua New Guinea) has become a political headache. Most are from Iran, with smaller numbers from Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, and elsewhere.I can see why Australia would want this deal; it costs Oz taxpayers $2 billion to run the two island detention facilities and closing them down would rid the government of the headache. But if Australia doesn t consider them refugees, why should we take them?It appears we re doing this as a favor to Australia; some speculate it s a quid pro quo for Australia s taking some U.S.-bound illegals in camps in Costa Rica, though how that s comparable isn t clear, and Australia has denied any such bargain. The chairman of the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, Bob Goodlatte and Chuck Grassley, also want to know why we re doing this, and they wrote to the secretaries of State and Homeland Security asking for details on the secret agreement to bring the illegal aliens here. When Capitol Hill staffers asked the State Department how many such  refugees  would be resettled here under the secret deal, they were told the number was  classified. Read more at: NRO",0
16301,MIKE ROWE ASKS: Why Are OUR Tax Dollars Funding Colleges That Burn the Flag? [Video], ,0
16302,GREAT! PRO-COAL OKLAHOMA AG Tapped For Head Of EPA," When the Environmental Protection Agency proposed rules regulating carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants, Scott Pruitt sued. When the Justice Department offered legal status to young undocumented immigrants, Scott Pruitt sued. And when the Obama administration sought to give tax credits to states that hadn t set up their own health insurance exchanges, Scott Pruitt sued.Since becoming Oklahoma attorney general in 2010, Pruitt has filed or joined lawsuits against federal agencies at least a dozen times. Even when Oklahoma isn t an actual party in litigation, the state often submits a legal brief against the federal government. Besides air pollution, immigration and health care, Pruitt has fought federal laws and regulations on banking, contraception and endangered species. These days, whenever states go to court against the Obama administration, the chances are that Pruitt is somehow involved.Not that Pruitt is alone. During Obama s presidency, the entire cadre of Republican attorneys general (27 at present) has coordinated cases against federal agencies at an unprecedented pace. But Pruitt is at the center of the action. He has set up a first-in-the-nation  federalism unit,  which seeks to combat instances of federal overreach by every possible means.Read more: Governing",0
16303,"JOE BIDEN’S SHOCKING ANNOUNCEMENT: “What the hell, man?” [Video]","VP Joe Biden:  Yeah, I m going to run in 2020.  Reporter:  For what?  Biden:  For president! What the hell, man? https://t.co/fsRl25AD12 pic.twitter.com/GMco1PkJiL  CNN (@CNN) December 6, 2016",0
16304,"OBAMA FLOODS America With Illegal Aliens, Muslim Refugees, While Veteran Under VA Care Dies With Maggot-Infested Wound","Four employees at an Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs facility have resigned after a resident with a maggot-infested wound died while under their care.Vietnam veteran Owen Reese Peterson, 73, initially came to the Talihina Veterans Center with an infection, but ended up with sepsis and died on Oct. 3.Sepsis is a potentially life-threatening complication of an infection that can damage the internal organs, causing them to fail.Peterson had apparently been at the facility for just a few weeks, and the time frame between the gruesome discovery of the maggots and his death is unclear. He did not succumb as a result of the parasites,  Executive Director Myles Deering told the Tulsa World.  He succumbed as a result of the sepsis. A physician s assistant and three nurses, including the director of nursing, resigned in the wake of the investigation, said Shane Faulkner, a spokesman for the ODVA. All four chose to resign before the termination process began,  Faulkner said.   WND ",0
16305,WHAT THE HECK! Why Was Al Gore Meeting With The Trump Team Today? [Video],"Talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of Gore s visit to Trump Tower today. Michael Savage was very disappointed but Rush Limbaugh gave the best comment: I m gonna tell you something,  said Limbaugh.  If Trump goes south on climate change, that is just gonna be deeply disappointing and alarming because of what climate change is to the left. It s everything, it s everything they want and everything they believe and it s almost everything they can get to achieve it, to accomplish it. We couldn t agree more with Rush! It s just upsetting that they would even want to speak with the phony who claims global warming is real Yikes!",0
16306,TRUMP SLAMS THE GLOBALISTS: “There is no global anthem…We pledge allegiance to one flag” [Video],  ,0
16307,BREAKING: TRUMP PICKS Private Sector Titans For Trade And Commerce: ‘I did this because I believed in him’,"Hedge fund manager Steve Mnuchin said this morning that president-elect Donald Trump had selected him to lead Treasury Mnuchin told CNBC.Mnuchin spent 17 years working at Goldman Sachs, an investment firm that has produced multiple secretaries of the Treasury, and went on to produce Hollywood blockbusters, before taking the helm of Trump s fundraising operation this year. His selection is the latest example of Trump tapping an insider as he staffs the government and attempts to keep his pledges to  drain the swamp  and  Make America Great Again.  In another move to fill out his economic team, Trump tapped billionaire Wilbur Ross to serve as the next secretary of Commerce.Read more: Daily Mail ",0
16308,DIVISIVE OBAMA GIVES THANKSGIVING ADDRESS: “Speak out for what is right” [Video],"President Obama delivered his final #Thanksgiving address and called for Americans to  speak out for what is right.  pic.twitter.com/1oWL8EOOW2  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 24, 2016",0
16309,DONALD TRUMP SKIPS MEDIA: Delivers Transition Update Straight To The People [Video], ,0
16310,DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Fines Sheriff For Excluding Illegals When Hiring,"From Wikipedia:The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965: The Hart Celler Act abolished the quota system based on national origins that had been American immigration policy since the 1920s. The new law maintained the per-country limits, but it also created preference visa categories that focused on immigrants  skills and family relationships with citizens or U.S. residents. The bill set numerical restrictions on visas at 170,000 per year, with a per-country-of-origin quota. However, immediate relatives of U.S. citizens and  special immigrants  had no restrictions.The Denver Sheriff Department will accept a penalty from the Department of Justice after a federal probe found it wrongly made U.S. citizenship a job requirement during a recent hiring spree.The sheriff s department   the biggest sheriff s office in Colorado   will pay a $10,000 fine after it required applications for deputy sheriff jobs to be U.S. citizens when hiring from the beginning of 2015 through March 2016. The department went on a hiring spree of 200 deputies as part of its ongoing reform.The department will also have to go through old applications to find applicants who were eliminated because of their citizenship status and reconsider them for future jobs.The Justice Department made the announcement on Monday, saying the sheriff s department violated the Immigration and Nationality Act without having an exemption.Read more: WE",0
16311,OOPS! HOMELAND SECURITY CANDIDATE Accidentally Shows Plan For Border And Illegal Criminals…You’ll Love It!,"One of President-elect Donald Trump s potential cabinet picks showed photographers more than he intended over the weekend, revealing part of an aggressive plan to change the Department of Homeland Security s approach to combating illegal immigration.Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who was rumored last week to be on an attorney general short-list, emerged as a contender for the DHS job and interviewed with Trump on Sunday. When the two posed for pictures beforehand, however, Kobach was clutching his proposal   and photographs captured the parts that his left hand didn t obscure.Here are the portions revealed by a photo enlargement: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY / KOBACH STRATEGIC PLAN FOR FIRST 365 DAYS I. Bar the Entry of Potential Terrorists 1. Update and reintroduce the NSEERS screening and tracking system (National Security Entry-Exit Registration System) that was in place from 2002-2005. All aliens from high-risk areas are tracked. 2. Add extreme vetting questions for high-risk aliens; question them regarding support for Sharia law, jihad, equality of men and women, the United States Constitution. 3. Reduce intake of Syrian refugees to zero, using authority under the 1980 Refugee Act. [II. Deport] Record Number of Criminal Aliens in the First Year. [4. Reinstate] 193,000 criminal removal cases dropped by the Obama Administration. [5.   ICE guidance memoranda adopted by Obama Administration; issue new guidance   [to redefine  ]criminal alien  as any alien arrested for any crime, and any gang member. [6.  ] to repatriate their citizens who have committed crimes in the United States. [7.  ] expedited 287(g) agreements with at least 70 cities and counties to enlist state and   alien criminals.   in addition to the 386 miles of existing actual wall within   entire 1,989 miles planned for rapid build.   under the PATRIOT Act to prevent illegal aliens     immediately to forestall future lawsuits. V. Stop   21. Issue regulations   voter rolls. Direct   22. Direct the Department of Justice   23. Draft Amendments to National Voter  Read more: Daily Mail",0
16312,RUSH TO FINISH: OBAMA SLAPS $5 BILLION In Regulations On America Before Exit,"Clyde Wayne Crews of the Competitive Enterprise Institute warns that Obama s manufacturing of regulations is not over. With the amount of time left in the year, the current pace of rule passage could bring many thousands of more pages. This is astonishing and should be of great concern, and intolerable, to policymakers.  Said Wayne Crews.  It is remarkable enough that the all-time record has been passed before Thanksgiving.  Read more: ZH This is either the beginning of a midnight uptick in regulation or an otherwise busy week for federal regulators,  Sam Batkins, the director of regulatory policy at the right-leaning American Action Forum, wrote in a report.Batkins, an expert on federal regulations, found federal agencies finalized 19 new regulations last week totaling $2.4 billion in costs, but only $623 million in benefits. Batkins also pointed to another two recently-finalized rules costing businesses $2.3 billion.The White House is increasing the number of rules it pushes out every week as federal agencies rush to finish regulations before President Barack Obama leaves office in January. The Obama administration s latest Unified Agenda had 1,019 final rules ready to be put on the books.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16313,DELUSIONAL OBAMA BLAMES “Fake News” For Hillary’s Big Election Loss [Video], ,0
16314,JUDGE JEANINE Scorches Cast Of Hamilton: “Out and out reverse racism and teed up hate” [Video], ,0
16315,CONFEDERATE MEMORIAL TAKEN DOWN On 153rd Anniversary Of Gettysburg Address…The Cleansing Continues [Video],"Councilman David James said the memorial WILL come down. Please let him know how you feel about this.David James on FacebookDavid James on TwitterWDRB Reported:CLEANSING OUR PAST WILL NOT CHANGE IT! WE CAN ONLY LEARN FROM IT!Per Councilman James: The statues will come off this morning. The rest of the monument will be disassembled later. pic.twitter.com/O4sewdlIH8  Katrina Helmer (@KatrinaWDRB) November 19, 2016",0
16316,TRUMP TAPS Anti-Iran Deal Congressman To Head CIA…The Left Goes Ballistic!,"The main stream media wasted no time in trashing Congressman Pompeo and his supposed  anti-Islamic rhetoric :Pompeo, of Wichita, met with the president-elect s transition team in New York s Trump Tower earlier this week. He is a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence and has been an ardent supporter of the Patriot Act and the National Security Agency s collection of bulk data.Pompeo was a vocal critic of President Obama s nuclear deal with Iran and has come under fire for what his critics have called anti-Islamic rhetoric. Via: FOX News ",0
16317,BREAKING: LOYAL TRUMP SUPPORTER Offered Attorney General Cabinet Position…Here’s Why This Is A Great Choice,"Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, Donald Trump s friendly but fierce Alabama ally, has a message for Republicans still queasy about their party s nominee: Tide s about to roll over you. Sessions, a 69-year-old former state attorney general who famously donned the  Make America Great Again  trucker s cap at a massive rally in Mobile last August, thinks Trump is more a movement than a man. And this sprightly son of country preachers and teachers is on a mission to evangelize maybe-Trumpers like House Speaker Paul Ryan on the Gospel According to Donald   with a sermon on self-preservation. My advice is to listen and accept the will of the American people, the Republican voters   the Republican Party is the Republican voters,  he added   a pointed reference to Ryan s suggestion that he, and not the presumptive party nominee, represents authentic conservative values.  Give me a break! A lot of our drift within our party has gotten away from the will of the voters.   I think the leaders in all parties tend to adjust to reality. They just have to or they won t remain in office.   Already many are sensing it.  Via: PoliticoFOX News reported:Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, who jumped aboard the Donald Trump train long before the real estate mogul sewed up the Republican nomination, has been offered the post of attorney general, Fox News has confirmed.Sessions, 69, who advised Trump on immigration during the bruising campaign, was U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Alabama from 1981 to 1993 before being elected to the U.S. Senate in 1996. He was re-elected to a fourth term in 2014.Sessions was famously photographed in a  Make America Great Again  baseball cap at an August, 2015 Trump rally, and formally endorsed Trump on Feb. 28, 2016. His longtime spokesman, Stephen Miller, later joined the Trump campaign as a senior adviser.Read more: FOX News",0
16318,SHOCKER! IS MITT ROMNEY Being Considered For A Trump Cabinet Position?, ,0
16319,SLIPPERY SNAKE JAMES CLAPPER Resigns In Time For The Era Of Trump…Remember The “Not Wittingly” Moment? [Video],"Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: Clapper took over in 2010 heading up 17 different intelligence agencies. His tenure was marked by the Edward Snowden leaks on US intelligence. He s always said he d resign at the end of Obama s presidency but we re wondering if he s jumping before Trump appointees arrive. Clapper and Gen. Mike Flynn have a history that s not so perfect:Two years ago, I was called into a meeting with the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and the director of national intelligence, and after some  niceties,  I was told by the USDI that I was being let go from DIA. It was definitely an uncomfortable moment (I suspect more for them than me).I asked the DNI (Gen. James Clapper) if my leadership of the agency was in question and he said it was not; had it been, he said, they would have relieved me on the spot.I knew then it had more to do with the stand I took on radical Islamism and the expansion of al Qaeda and its associated movements. I felt the intel system was way too politicized, especially in the Defense Department. After being fired, I left the meeting thinking,  Here we are in the middle of a war, I had a significant amount of combat experience (nearly five years) against this determined enemy on the battlefield and served at senior levels, and here it was, the bureaucracy was letting me go.  Amazing.This ll be interesting to watch.",0
16320,BEGGIN’ MEGYN KELLY’S New Book Ripped To Shreads In Amazon Reviews…Karma!,"Megyn Kelly started out like a shooting star as an anchor on FOX News but is now crashing down in so many ways. Here s the latest epic failure She s been out hawking her new book all over the place but the people just aren t buyin  it. What s even better is they re totally ripping her in the Amazon reviews and giving her one out of five stars (see below).We d like to say that a big dose of karma has hit Ms. Kelly and we can t think of a more deserving person.She literally used her position against Donald Trump to promote her book and career. Who knows if her accusations that Donald Trump screamed at her are true. How can he defend himself from the horrible things she s said about him?We think his supporters have done a great job of helping him out. Amazon is on fire with one star reviews for Kelly. We think she should rename her book  Settle for More  to  Settle for One Star Real, Raw Gimme a Break! ",0
16321,OH BOY! Obamacare Architect Ripped To Shreds By Maria Bartiromo…Who’s Stupid Now? [Video],HERE S A REMINDER OF JONATHAN GRUBER INSULTING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OVER AND OVER: ,0
16322,TRUMP GIVES BRUTAL WARNING To Lawless Sanctuary Cities…There’s A New Sheriff In Town [Video],".@KrisKobach1787: Trump has made clear that sanctuary cities could lose federal grants if the mayors continue to defy federal law pic.twitter.com/mGrYjDCdFi  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 15, 2016",0
16323,3 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS Under Investigation For Voting…After Obama Told Them It Was Ok,"Part of the problem is that organizations are registering people without  any proof they are legal American citizens .Leaked funding documents reveal an effort by George Soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.The billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws, fuel litigation to attack election integrity measures, push public narratives about voter fraud, and to integrate the political ground game of the left with efforts to scare racial minority groups about voting rights threats.These Soros-funded efforts moved through dozens of 501(c)(3) and (c)(4) charities and involved the active compliance with civil rights groups, government officials, and purportedly non-partisan groups like the League of Women Voters.The leaked documents also reveal deliberate and successful efforts to manipulate media coverage of election issues in mainstream media outlets like the The New York Times.IF YOU LIVE IN ONE OF THE STATES BELOW, PLEASE DEMAND THAT VOTER ID IS ENACTED: Although some states require some form of ID before voting, California, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, and Washington, D.C. all require no identification before voting.Please contact True the Vote for any and all information regarding voter fraud. Via: Info WarsHere s Obama essentially telling illegal aliens it s okay to vote, no one will catch you:",0
16324,FLASHBACK 2015: ANTI-GUN OBSESSED White House Gives Tips On How To Talk About “Gun Control” At Thanksgiving [VIDEO],"Nothing says  Thanksgiving  or  family  like a room full of brain washed liberals sitting around the dinner table talking about ways to strip Americans of their Constitutional rights This Thanksgiving, the Obama administration wants Americans to talk about why Congress won t pass more gun control   but not about Obama s foreign policy failures.During the White House press briefing, Press Secretary Josh Earnest continued to press a narrative set up by gun control activists in response to the terrorist attacks in Paris. As people sitting around the Thanksgiving table talking about these issues as they should and I m sure they will all across the country, I hope that s a question that will be raised and asked by members around the table,  Earnest said, referring to a bill supported by Democrat to ban people on the no-fly list from purchasing a gun.Earnest attributed opposition to the bill from Republicans and some Democrats to  fear  of the National Rifle Association.But as Breitbart News gun reporter AWR Hawkins has noted, the campaign is misguided as the no-fly list is imprecise. A law based on that list could would block innocent individuals from exercising their Second Amendment right to purchase firearms.Via: Breitbart NewsAnd for those who choose to take the pro-American side of the Second Amendment argument, here s a little video you might want to share with your guests:",0
16325,HILLARY JUST CAN’T STOP LYING…Even after she lost the election,"The chance encounter a mother hiking with her daughter had with Hillary Clinton the day after losing the election may not be what it has been made out to seem.Margot Gerster was out hiking with her daughter when she ran into Hillary and Bill Clinton in the upstate New York town of Chappaqua, where the Clintons have a home. She took a photo with the former first lady who beamed from ear to ear, appearing to have had the weight of the world lifted from her shoulders as she stood next to Gerster. Clinton was said to have been out walking her dogs with former president Bill Clinton, when Gerster spotted them.The chance encounter Gerster had with Clinton gained national media attention as it was the first time Clinton had been photographed after losing the election. However, some critics allege that their meeting while hiking was staged and not random at all. Adding more fuel to those claims is the fact that it s actually not the first time they ve met. When Gerster was in high school, her mother held a fundraiser for Clinton at Crabtree s Kittle House in Chappaqua. Gerster and her sister posed for a photo with Clinton inside the restaurant which happens to be one of the politician s favorites, as the siblings smiled next to a beaming Clinton. The fundraiser their family hosted may have been during the period of time Clinton was running for senator or when she served as senator for New York. Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
16326,BOOM! This Is How President Reagan Handled Protesters: “Negotiate? What is there to negotiate?” [Video],Ronald Reagan shut down the Berkeley protests many years ago THIS is how you do it! ,0
16327,BREAKING: OBAMA CAUGHT ON LIVE TV Telling Illegal Aliens It’s OK To Vote…Promises The Law Will Not Come After You! [Video], ,0
16328,NATIONAL ARCHIVES MISSING Massive Data From Clinton White House Records,"The National Archives inspector general investigated the theft. Later emails released by the State Department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive.There s also the separate case of Sandy Berger who literally stuck documents in his clothes and left the National Archives with them. He was later found cutting the documents up with scissors! It s understood that he wanted to destroy any papers with writing/notes written in the margins. He was the National Security advisor for the Clinton administration and it appears he was a good and loyal soldier to the Clintons when he destroyed evidence These two case of stolen documents have not been solved and we feel it s yet another case of a Clinton coverup A newly released email from the State Department shows that Hillary Clinton was informed in April 2009 of a massive theft of data pertaining to former President Bill Clinton s White House records.On April 13, 2009, Clinton attorney Cheryl Mills informed newly sworn-in Secretary of State Hillary Clinton via email that the National Archives could not account for a two-terabyte hard drive. The drive may contain a wide range of memos, emails, and other electronic documents from the Clinton White House.  The hard drive contained information from the administration of her husband, former President Bill Clinton.The email was made public from State Department files on Thursday as part of an ongoing release of recovered emails that had been previously deleted from Clinton s private server.The forwarded email said the National Archives had a duplicate and was examining it to know what was stolen. It was stolen or misplaced between Jan. 30, 2009, and March 24, 2009.The possible data losses were all serious but only three documents were classified. Social Security numbers and dates of births may have been lost to thieves. Political information may have been stolen too. Two terabytes is a very very large amount of data; the drive may contain a wide range of memos, emails, and other electronic documents from the Clinton White House,  wrote Blake Roberts, deputy associate White House counsel for President Barack Obama.  All the material is unclassified, except for three documents which Bill Leary has examined and does not believe present any significant risk. But the loss was still serious. Based on its analysis, NARA (National Archives) believes the drive contains other sensitive material, including: There is at least a 50% likelihood that the personal information (including DOB and SSN) of all individuals placed through the Clinton Presidential Personnel Office was on the lost hard drive,  wrote Roberts.  There is a 90% likelihood that the personal information (including DOB and SSN) of all Clinton WH staff was on the lost hard drive. There is a 100% chance that some of it was on the lost hard drive. The three classified documents were authored by Lael Brainard, then a top nominee for the Department of the Treasury, Roberts wrote. There are almost certainly records from many other White House officials,  he said.The National Archives inspector general investigated the theft. Later emails released by the State Department do not indicate if the federal government ever found the hard drive. The federal government said they would notify affected people of the breach.The National Archives later did issue a press release on July 16, 2009, updating the public on the search for the hard drive. It offered a reward of $50,000. It also said 15,750 individuals had to be notified by mail of the possible theft.It s not clear why the hard drive was stolen eight years after Bill Clinton left office, and at the start of a new Democratic administration that included his wife, Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state.Theft of records from the National Archives had happened before.The late Sandy Berger, Bill Clinton s national security adviser from 1997 to 2001, removed several documents from the National Archives between Sept. 2, 2003, and Oct. 2, 2003.Berger removed the classified documents from the National Archives by sneaking them out in his socks and pants. Berger then stored and retained such documents at his place of employment. He pleaded guilty in 2005 but received no prison time, according to CNN.",0
16329,BILL CLINTON LOSES IT With Heckler In Finger-Pointing Rant: “I defended Obama…” [Video], ,0
16330,FANTASTIC! TRUMP’S 7 POINT PLAN To Reform Healthcare Begins With A Bombshell!,"Since March of 2010, the American people have had to suffer under the incredible economic burden of the Affordable Care Act Obamacare. This legislation, passed by totally partisan votes in the House and Senate and signed into law by the most divisive and partisan President in American history, has tragically but predictably resulted in runaway costs, websites that don t work, greater rationing of care, higher premiums, less competition and fewer choices. Obamacare has raised the economic uncertainty of every single person residing in this country. As it appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight, the damage done by the Democrats and President Obama, and abetted by the Supreme Court, will be difficult to repair unless the next President and a Republican congress lead the effort to bring much-needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry.Congress must act. Our elected representatives in the House and Senate must:1. Completely repeal Obamacare. Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to.2. Modify existing law that inhibits the sale of health insurance across state lines. As long as the plan purchased complies with state requirements, any vendor ought to be able to offer insurance in any state. By allowing full competition in this market, insurance costs will go down and consumer satisfaction will go up.3. Allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system. Businesses are allowed to take these deductions so why wouldn t Congress allow individuals the same exemptions? As we allow the free market to provide insurance coverage opportunities to companies and individuals, we must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance. We must review basic options for Medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it.4. Allow individuals to use Health Savings Accounts (HSAs). Contributions into HSAs should be tax-free and should be allowed to accumulate. These accounts would become part of the estate of the individual and could be passed on to heirs without fear of any death penalty. These plans should be particularly attractive to young people who are healthy and can afford high-deductible insurance plans. These funds can be used by any member of a family without penalty. The flexibility and security provided by HSAs will be of great benefit to all who participate.5. Require price transparency from all healthcare providers, especially doctors and healthcare organizations like clinics and hospitals. Individuals should be able to shop to find the best prices for procedures, exams or any other medical-related procedure.6. Block-grant Medicaid to the states. Nearly every state already offers benefits beyond what is required in the current Medicaid structure. The state governments know their people best and can manage the administration of Medicaid far better without federal overhead. States will have the incentives to seek out and eliminate fraud, waste and abuse to preserve our precious resources.7. Remove barriers to entry into free markets for drug providers that offer safe, reliable and cheaper products. Congress will need the courage to step away from the special interests and do what is right for America. Though the pharmaceutical industry is in the private sector, drug companies provide a public service. Allowing consumers access to imported, safe and dependable drugs from overseas will bring more options to consumers.",0
16331,WOW! RECKLESS HILLARY’S SENIOR AIDE Left Classified Documents Unattended In Hotel Room During 2010 China Trip,"Every day we learn of a new security breach or criminal act by Hillary, her closest staff members or her campaign. Every American, regardless of party affiliation should be ashamed to have such a reckless, criminal running for the highest office in our nation. An unnamed  senior aide  to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton left classified information unsecured and unattended in a hotel room during a 2010 trip to China, one of several overseas lapses by Clinton s inner circle, Fox News has learned.Confirmation of the alarming violation comes as Clinton herself is under a renewed FBI probe for mishandling sensitive information on a private server and her longtime senior aide, Huma Abedin, also faces scrutiny as part of the investigation. It was not known which of Clinton s aides left the information exposed. In May 2010, Secretary Clinton was on official travel in Beijing, China, accompanied by senior staff. Upon Secretary Clinton s departure, a routine security sweep by Diplomatic Security agents identified classified documents in a staff member s suite,  State Department spokesman John Kirby told Fox News in a statement, issued several weeks after a Freedom of Information Act request was filed with the agency.Diplomatic Security, which protects the Secretary of State in the U.S. and abroad, as well as high-ranking foreign dignitaries and officials visiting the United States, wrote up the incident on a Form 117, while the Marine Security Guards filed a separate formal report, the source said.The information came to light when the FBI was investigating whether Clinton or her staff violated the US Espionage Act by mishandling classified and top secret information.House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., citing a whistleblower who separately came to him with an allegation it was Clinton who left the material out, wrote to the FBI director on Monday asking for more information. I  understand that former Secretary Clinton left classified documents in her hotel room in China and that U.S. Marine Corps security officials filed a report related to the possible compromise of the documents,  Nunes wrote to FBI director James Comey.Additionally, Nunes said an email released in response to a FOIA request described Abedin asking another staffer to remove  burnstuff  Abedin had left in a car during a trip to India.Kirby told Fox News that incident may not have involved classified material. This email exchange does not show that classified information was left in a motorcade car,  Kirby said of that incident.  Sensitive But Unclassified material is routinely disposed of in burn bags. As the regulations state, Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) and Personally identifiable information (PII) documents are often burned. So it s not accurate that any reference to a document going to a burn bag is a document that includes classified material. As for the China incident, Kirby insisted that Clinton had nothing to do with the matter. To be clear   this was not Secretary Clinton s hotel room and no citation whatsoever was given to Secretary Clinton, nor were any reports written about Secretary Clinton s conduct,  Kirby said in the statement.At the time of the security sweep, the suite was still inside of a Diplomatic Security-controlled area, Kirby said, and under the direct control of a Diplomatic Security agent posted outside the room. Ultimately, Diplomatic Security concluded that classified information had been improperly secured, but that the evidence did not support assigning culpability to any individual. Furthermore, the Diplomatic Security investigation concluded that due to the fact that the documents were found within a Diplomatic Security controlled area, the likelihood that the information was compromised was remote. Leaving out classified or top secret information is a serious offense, a former state department staffer told FoxNews.com. Diplomatic Security and the Marine Security Guard takes exposure of classified information very seriously,  said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy research at the Center for Immigration Studies.  You can lose your security clearance if you re caught more than once, and that means you might lose your job. It s a big deal.    FOX News",0
16332,"BREAKING: SOURCE TELLS HOW Anthony Weiner Accidentally Got The 650,000 Emails The FBI Discovered [Video]", A source close to Anthony Weiner s legal team says it seems the laptop containing the emails was used to backup his estranged wife s Smartphone contacts in the process. The computer apparently backed up all of the emails as well.  ,0
16333,"DOJ BLOCKED INVESTIGATION AFTER FBI AGENTS Discovered 650,000 Emails: “Pissed Off”","As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee:The Justice Department official was  very pissed off,  according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dead.Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe.The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign.Even as the previous probe of Mrs. Clinton s email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons  family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter.The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a minor, they had recovered a laptop with 650,000 emails. Many, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter.Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that hadn t previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating.The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography, people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn t give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton s email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the teenager.In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton s home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI. Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them.FAST FORWARD TO EARLY LAST WEEK: STUNNING!At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department s senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said.Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop s contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant.Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results. Senior Justice Department officials had warned Mr. Comey that telling Congress would violate policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey s repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his press conference on the subject in July.The back-and-forth reflects how the bureau is probing several matters related, directly or indirectly, to Mrs. Clinton and her inner circle.New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in the bureau s investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case.That led to frustrations among some investigators, who viewed FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case.It isn t unusual for field agents to favor a more aggressive approach than supervisors and prosecutors think is merited. But the internal debates about the Clinton Foundation show the high stakes when such disagreements occur surrounding someone who is running for president.The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Mr. McCabe s wife, Jill McCabe, received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member.Mr. McAuliffe had supported Dr. McCabe in the hopes she and a handful of other Democrats might help win a majority in the state Senate. Dr. McCabe lost her race last November, and Democrats failed to win their majority.A spokesman for the governor has said that  any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Dr. McCabe told the Journal,  Once I decided to run, my husband had no formal role in my campaign other than to be  supportive.In February of this year, Mr. McCabe ascended from the No. 3 position at the FBI to the deputy director post. When he assumed that role, officials say, he started overseeing the probe into Mrs. Clinton s use of a private email server for government work when she was secretary of state.FBI officials have said Mr. McCabe had no role in the Clinton email probe until he became deputy director, and by then his wife s campaign was over.But other Clinton-related investigations were under way within the FBI, and they have been the subject of internal debate for months, according to people familiar with the matter.Early this year, four FBI field offices New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark. were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter.Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said.The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity.In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn t go well.Some said that is because the FBI didn t present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career public integrity prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn t a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. That was one of the weirdest meetings I ve ever been to,  one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter.Justice Department officials told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn t authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said.About a week after Mr. Comey s July announcement that he was recommending against any prosecution in the Clinton email case, the FBI sought to refocus the Clinton Foundation probe, with Mr. McCabe deciding the FBI s New York office would take the lead, with assistance from Little Rock.Director James Comey testified before the House Judiciary Committee in September on a variety of subjects including the investigation into former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s email server. The Washington field office, FBI officials decided, would focus on a separate matter involving Mr. McAuliffe. Mr. McCabe had decided earlier in the spring that he would continue to recuse himself from that probe, given the governor s contributions to his wife s former political campaign.Within the FBI, the decision was viewed with skepticism by some, who felt the probe would be stronger if the foundation and McAuliffe matters were combined. Others, particularly senior officials at the Justice Department, felt that both probes were weak, based largely on publicly available information, and had found little that would merit expanded investigative authority.According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe, despite the department s refusal to allow more aggressive investigative methods in the case. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn t use those methods.The Justice Department official was  very pissed off,  according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dead. Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?  Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied,  Of course not,  these people said.Mr. McCabe s defenders in the agency said that following the call, he repeated the instruction that he had given earlier in the Clinton Foundation investigation: Agents were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had.Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case:  Stand down.  When agents questioned why they weren t allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director Mr. McCabe.Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction.For agents who already felt uneasy about FBI leadership s handling of the Clinton Foundation case, the moment only deepened their concerns, these people said. For those who felt the probe hadn t yet found significant evidence of criminal conduct, the leadership s approach was the right response.In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information.Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldn t  go prosecutor-shopping. Not long after that discussion, FBI agents informed the bureau s leaders about the Weiner laptop, prompting Mr. Comey s disclosure to Congress and setting of the furor that promises to consume the final days of a tumultuous campaign.Read more: WSJ",0
16334,HOMELESS WOMAN Beaten By Thugs For Hillary After Protecting Trump’s Hollywood Star Speaks Out For Millions Of Forgotten Americans…A MUST READ,"The woman s name is Denise Scott. You can donate to her here.All funds will go to provide Denise care:   Immediate & Affordable Housing   Health Assessment and Medical Treatment   Food Supplies   Winter and Summer Clothing / Shoes / Hygiene Products   Personal Identification Registration as Needed (Licenses, SS Card, Birth Certificate, etc.)   Employment AssistancePlease donate here and pass it on.After Trump saw this horrible video, he asked his attorney to find this woman, he said he wanted to give her a gift..@DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump someone please help me locate this woman as Mr. Trump has a gift for her  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016The homeless woman seen in this video has allegedly now been identified on Twitter and other social media outlets as Denise Scott..@sandra48050139 with everyone's love and help, this woman will have the last laugh on these thugs  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016In 2013, Denise Scott met up with Chris Mack, an outreach worker with JWCH Institute in Los Angeles  Skid Row neighborhood. Denise Scott may be homeless and she may have been forgotten, even ignored by our society, but she believes in Donald J. Trump and she s not afraid to stand up and defend him.  She believes Americans need to take care of their own citizens before allowing illegal aliens to flood our country looking for handouts from our government.Denise Scott may be homeless, but she represents a portion of the silent majority in America who are sick and tired of watching politicians putting their own interests and those of special interest groups and lobbyists  before the American citizens who elected them.Denise Scott shouts angrily over the way America has forgotten her. We don t need no more illegals comin  over here!  she screams from a Skid Row sidewalk littered with chicken bones, paper plates and discarded clothes. Fix the problems in this country! I need a place to live! Christopher Mack, a lead community outreach worker for a health clinic in the heart of Los Angeles  Skid Row, squats next to her. He softly tells her to calm down, to breathe, to remember to see her case worker in the morning about housing.He also wants to know if she has health insurance.But Scott, who will turn 61 soon and has lived on Skid Row for 18 months, is in no mood to hear sweet talk. She s bone thin. Her sweater is ripped and riddled with holes. Her clothes and important papers are squashed into various size bags all around her. Tears of frustration drip down her face. I m not a racist,  she tells Mack apologetically,  But I can t go to Mexico to get a house and you can t find me a place to live here. Today is not Scott s day, Mack determines. She is too angry. Despite the fact that she and many others will qualify for health insurance by the end of the year under requirements of the Affordable Care Act, finding a place to live, not health care, is Scott s priority. So Mack will try again another time.The encounter demonstrates how difficult it can be to provide health coverage to some of the most destitute, even those who qualify for free or subsidized plans. Some of them say that simply trying to survive or find a roof over their heads takes precedence even over caring for their own health.   Daily News ",0
16335,BREAKING: DEVICE THAT BUSTED HILLARY CLINTON Discovered To Have Tens Of Thousands Of Emails,"Here s why Clinton and Abedin should be flipping out: Multiple State employees  told the FBI that they considered emailing Abedin  the equivalent of e-mailing Clinton.  Another close Clinton aide told the FBI that  Abedin may have kept emails that Clinton did not. The electronic device shared by Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner on which the FBI found more Clinton emails was a laptop and it contained tens-of-thousands of emails, a senior law enforcement official told Fox News on Saturday.The FBI announced Friday that it had restarted an investigation into emails Clinton sent on a private server system while secretary of state, as a result of a probe into Abedin s husband, disgraced New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner,  sexting,  of sending sexually-suggestive electronic messages, to a teenage girl.The law enforcement official told Fox News that the laptop had  five digits  of emails, meaning tens-of-thousands of them. However, federal investigators remain unclear whether Abedin or Weiner own the laptop.The FBI conducted a roughly two-year investigation into Clinton s use of a private server system, finding several emails marked as classified and concluded that she had been  extremely careless.  However, the agency did not find evidence that Clinton had been criminally negligent and did not recommend criminal charges to the Justice Department.People familiar with the case say it was restarted by the FBI because the agency thought the new emails were  pertinent to the investigation. The source also told Fox News that law enforcement officials think it s highly unlikely that all of the new-found emails are duplicates, as the Clinton campaign has suggested.Read more: FOX News",0
16336,A VOTE FOR HILLARY IS A VOTE FOR WW III: Are You ‘With Her’ Nuclear Holocaust? [Video], ,0
16337,WILL SEXTING By Anthony Weiner Finally Bring Down Hillary Clinton?,"WASHINGTON   Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner.The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case   one federal official said they numbered in the thousands   potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election.In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, and that they  appear to be pertinent to the investigation. Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was taking steps to  determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.  He said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails, or whether the new information was significant.Donald Trump seized on the F.B.I. action on Friday at a rally in New Hampshire. To cheers of  lock her up  from his supporters, Mr. Trump said:  Hillary Clinton s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. After deriding the F.B.I. for weeks as inept and corrupt, Mr. Trump went on to praise the law enforcement agency.  I have great respect for the fact that the F.B.I. and the D.O.J. are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,  Mr. Trump said.  This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand. It is everybody s hope that it is about to be corrected. Read more: NYT",0
16338,REVEALED: HILLARY’S OVER-THE-TOP Spending During State Department Reign Will Blow Your Mind,"CLINTON S STATE DEPARTMENT WASTE AND MISMANAGEMENTThese are all State Department expenditures during her tenure: $5.4 million on a no-bid contract for Crystal Stemware $167.5 million on cost overruns at the Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan Over $200 million on mostly unused police training facilities in Iraq $79,000 to buy copies of President Obama s books $53,000 to polish marble at the Brazilian Embassy $630,000 to try to make State Department Facebook pages more popular $216,000 to hire an event planner for a 4th of July party in Madrid $88,000 to send three comedians to India more than $250,000 to purchase art in Mexico $410,000 to purchase art in China",0
16339,"BREAKING! Ammon, Ryan Bundy, 5 Fellow Patriots: NOT Guilty On ALL Charges Related To Oregon Standoff! [VIDEO]","Who could forget the unbelievable standoff in Oregon between patriots and the government?  Who could forget the dramatic shooting of patriot Savoy Finicum who traveled from Arizona to Oregon from to stand with American ranchers against the BLM, an overbearing government agency. Oregon State Police troopers fired the three rounds that killed the Arizona rancher and father of 11 during a confrontation on a remote road, law enforcement officials said at a news conference in Bend.An independent investigation by Oregon authorities later found the troopers were justified in shooting Finicum because he failed to heed their commands and repeatedly reached for his weapon, Masher County District Attorney Dan Norris said.The not guilty verdict of the other members who were involved with Finicum who gave his life for the fight against our government, must be especially stinging for the large loving  family this father of 11 left behind.As expected, liberals are freaking out over the verdicts, like this Black Lives Matter crybaby:I have a criminal record for protesting for #FreddieGray meanwhile #oregonstandoff terrorists didn't even get a slap on the wrist.  Kwame Rose (@kwamerose) October 28, 2016Here are the verdicts. #oregonstandoff pic.twitter.com/fXW9GoxKUr  Ryan Haas (@ryanjhaas) October 27, 2016Ammon and Ryan Bundy have been found not guilty of conspiracy. Their five co-defendants Jeff Banta, Shawna Cox, David Fry, Kenneth Medenbach and Neil Wampler have all been found not guilty as well. Jurors were unable to reach a verdict on Ryan Bundy s theft of government property charge.The jury returned its verdict after some six weeks of testimony followed by less than six hours deliberations, and the last minute replacement of a juror after an allegation surfaced that he was biased.The jury was instructed to disregard their previous work and to re-consider the evidence. It was a pretty jaw-dropping verdict,  said OPB reporter Amelia Templeton of the climate in the courtroom. The jury began by reading out the verdict for Ammon Bundy, ostensibly the leader of the occupation, and when we heard that Ammon Bundy was not guilty, it became clear very quickly that likely no one in the case was going to be found guilty, and indeed, everyone has been acquitted. After the verdict was read, Ammon Bundy s attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled to the ground by five U.S. Marshals. He insisted his client was free to go. Ammon Bundy faces a US Marshall hold and is supposed to be transferred to Nevada where he faces charges for the Bunkerville standoff. There s a hold for Ammon Bundy and Ryan Bundy out of the district of Nevada,  said Matt Schindler attorney for Kenneth Medenbach. There s nothing Judge Brown can do about that. So acquitting him here, all it does is effectively release him to that hold, to be transported to Nevada. And the court that has anything authority to deal with that, is the court in Nevada. Marcus let the emotion of the moment, I think, overtake his better judgement. During the incident, Judge Brown ordered everyone out of the courthouse. Mumford was later detained.United States Attorney for the District of Oregon Billy J. Williams reacted to the decision on Thursday saying,  While we had hoped for a different outcome, we respect the verdict of the jury and thank them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.  The charges stem from the 41-day armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns in eastern Oregon s high desert. The armed protest began Jan. 2 and ended when the final four occupiers surrendered to the FBI on Feb. 11. For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers   federal, state, and local   worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully,  said Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI in Oregon.  Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system. Prosecutors initially charged Ammon Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy, and 24 others with conspiracy to prevent Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Fish and Wildlife employees from doing their jobs at the wildlife refuge in Harney County. Some defendants named in the indictment faced weapons charges for carrying firearms in a federal facility, as well as theft of government property.Only seven defendants went to trial in September. Others have pleaded guilty or are scheduled to go to trial in February 2017. Oregonian ",0
16340,OBAMACARE LOAN SHARK: If Gov’t Can Extort More Money From TAXPAYERS…OBAMACARE Can Still Work [VIDEO],THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! ,0
16341,OBAMA LIED To Protect Hillary..New Wikileaks Email Proves It!,"Remember Combetta is Hillary s Oh Sh*t IT guy:BREAKING: FEMALE LAW STUDENT Busts Hillary s  Oh Sh*t  IT Guy Who Was Seeking Help To Scrub Hillary s Name From Emails Wikileaks Applauds!The same day that President Barack Obama publicly insisted that he learned about Hillary Clinton s use of private email for government business from news reports, internal campaign emails show that Clinton staffers knew he wasn t telling the truth.Obama was asked by CBS in March 2015 when he learned about Clinton s use of  an email system outside the U.S. government for official business  as Secretary of State.  The same time everybody else learned it, through news reports,  he responded.In a hacked March 7, 2015 email released by WikiLeaks Tuesday, Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin highlighted Obama s comments in an email to other staffers.  You probably have more on this, but it looks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her personal email when he saw it in the news,  he said.Clinton s former chief of staff at the State Department Cheryl Mills immediately followed up in a private email to campaign chairman John Podesta.  We need to clean this up,  she worried.  He has emails from her   they do not say state.gov. Read more: Mediate ",0
16342,DRAIN THE SWAMP! EPA Wastes Millions To Make Sure Employees Feel “Included”…”Advisory Bodies” = Scam,"The Environmental Protection Agency is looking to hire 15  Diversity and Inclusion Specialists,  each of whom will make $100,000 or more per year.The agency will hire employees to set up diversity and inclusion  advisory bodies  across the country, according to a government job posting. Earth Day is every day at EPA!  the agency said.  At EPA, you can protect human health and the environment of all Americans, and you ll discover that EPA is one great place to work! We offer great benefits and work flexibilities, and our diverse workforce connects to more than just a career we share a common passion to promote a cleaner, healthier environment,  the EPA said.The salary range for Diversity and Inclusion Specialists is between $99,785 and $146,570 per year. If all 15 positions are filled, the hires would cost taxpayers between $1,496,775 and $2,198,550 each year.The employees will be in charge of implementing a  diversity strategy  within the EPA s Office of Research and Development. Other duties include analyzing recruitment and retention, as well as setting up diversity and inclusion advisory boards.Read more: WFB",0
16343,OBAMA DANCES At Last-Ever White House Gig To Drake’s “Hotline Bling” [Video], ,0
16344,FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: FBI’s Comey Considered To Be “Dirty Cop” And Here’s Why [Video],Former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova slammed FBI director James Comey s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server. DiGenova says  people both currently in the FBI and with the FBI consider Comey to be a dirty cop. ,0
16345,DEMOCRAT CLERK Claims Election “Not Rigged” But “Bungled Beyond Belief”,"About 14,000 Genesee County voters were mailed a second absentee ballot this month after officials discovered deformities and irregularities in an initial printing run that made many ballots unreadable by voting machines.A mass reprint ordered by Genesee County Clerk John Gleason has prompted the state to step in with guidance on how to minimize voter confusion and ensure that each vote will count   but not twice. Everything is on track now,  said Gleason, a Democrat.  There was a lot of thought that went into this process, a lot of discussion and good dialogue, and I think the recovery happened really fast for what the situation was. The Genesee County ballot snafu comes as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump continues to raise concerns about potential voter fraud and has refused to say whether he will honor the results of the Nov. 8 election if he loses.Trump may find fodder for his  reckless  accusations in Genesee County, said former Flushing Mayor Archie Bailey, a Democrat who argued in an online newsletter that the county s election system  is not rigged  but  bungled beyond belief. Gleason blames the faulty ballots on  a sloppy job  by the company that printed them, which he has declined to name. He said many ballots were skewed, not centered properly, smudged, flecked or had other problems. But election clerks in 22 municipalities had already sent those ballots to voters. Those who received them have since been mailed a replacement ballot, identified by a green number at the bottom.The first batch of ballots were not sent to voters in Flint or Burton, the county s largest cities, which  saved a lot of confusion in those communities,  Gleason said.Local clerks in affected municipalities will likely have a long night on Nov. 8.Under a process recommended by the Michigan Bureau of Elections, returned replacement ballots will be processed as usual after polls close at 8 p.m. while the corresponding originals will be marked as spoiled. If a voter returns only an original, clerks and their staff will duplicate those votes onto new ballots that can then be fed into a voting machine. It s a tremendous amount of work,  Gleason said.  It s routine work, but it s enhanced this year because of the complete reprinting. Mistakes should have been caughtGleason and Genesee County should have discovered the printing flaws before they sent any absentee ballots to local clerks, said Bailey, who previously served on the county board of commissioners.He predicted  a whole lot  of losing candidates are going to challenge Genesee County results in the wake of the Nov. 8 election.Read more: Detroit News",0
16346,BREAKING: Philippines President Announces ‘Separation’ From U.S….Now Supporting THIS Super Power [Video], ,0
16347,SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Reveals How She Wanted To Beat Justice Scalia With A Baseball Bat…No Kidding!,"It s no secret that Justice Sotomayor is a liberal with radical roots. She s proven over time that her bias is HUGE! Comments like the one below don t help her to appear impartial which is what our Supreme Court is supposed to be Here s a great example of an article on her bias:JUDICIAL BIAS? LATINA SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Declares Her Shockingly Racist View On Ethnicity And Sex When Judging I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorHere s another one of her many biased comments:This only calls attention to the fact that WE MUST ELECT DONALD TRUMP! Our Supreme Court will be changed for decades if we elect Hillary Clinton! If you believe in our Constitution and the rule of law VOTE TRUMP!When Chief Justice John Roberts promised the Senate Judiciary Committee he would serve as the U.S. Supreme Court s umpire   dutifully calling balls and strikes   he most certainly did not anticipate Justice Sonia Sotomayor swinging for the fences from the end of the bench.Sotomayor gave the Robert A. Stein Lecture at the University of Minnesota Law School Monday night, where she let slip the inner monologue that runs during oral argument. There are things he d say on the bench, where if I had a baseball bat, I might have used it,  she told the assembly, in reference to the late Justice Antonin Scalia, who reveled in the thrust and parry of the Court s proceedings.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16348,EMOTIONAL TRUMP ENDORSEMENT From Former FBI Asst Director: “Our country is going down the tubes” [Video],"Former FBI Asst Director James Kallstrom endorses Donald J. Trump  and he s emotional about it:  our country is going down the tubes.  pic.twitter.com/Ym6yxWhah6  Varney & Co. (@Varneyco) October 19, 2016",0
16349,DEMOCRAT THUGS VANDALIZE REPUBLICAN Offices Across Several States…Now Who’s “Deplorable”?,"NC REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS Firebombed By The Terrorists On The LeftINDIANA REPUBLICAN OFFICE VANDALIZED:DELAWARE COUNTY, Ind.   The Delaware County Republican Party said vandals struck at their office last week.Someone threw two landscaping bricks through a window on Oct. 8. Signs for Donald Trump and Todd Young were hanging on the window at the time, according to the group s Facebook page.Officials said it would cost about $1,200 to replace the broken window and said anyone interested in helping cover the cost could donate online.This week, Delaware County Sheriff Ray Dudley said his office has received reports of campaign signs being taken from yards in the Yorktown and Mount Pleasant Township area.Dudley said the reports were being taken seriously and that removing signs without the authority to do so may be criminal conversion under Indiana s criminal code. Via: FOX59",0
16350,ELECTION WHISTLEBLOWER: DOJ In Cahoots With Dems…4 Million Dead On Voter Rolls…Trump Is Right! [Video],"J. Christian Adams: Dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. They must like it. They must like who they are voting for  Now we have four million, four million Steve, ineligible and dead voters on American voter rolls according to the Pew Charitable Trust.While the press and Democrats call Trump a  racist  for even suggesting the voting system is rigged, we find out that the Democrats are refusing to do anything about the 4 million dead people still on voter rolls.Elections expert J. Christian Adams told FOX and Friends on Tuesday morning there are 4 million dead people on US voter rolls. Far left groups continually sue to keep them there. The Obama administration has no desire to clean up these voter rolls.",0
16351,WOW! HILLARY Took State Department Furniture To Furnish Residence,"Most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.In one of the documents, an unnamed State Department official tells the FBI that  early in Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department, which were transported to her residence in Washington, D.C. The staffer did not know  whether these items were ever returned to the government upon Clinton s departure from the State Department. The Clintons were accused of taking more than $200,000 worth of furnishings and other items from the Executive Mansion after they left the White House in 2001, PolitiFact reported. They eventually returned several items due to political pressure.",0
16352,BRAVE FBI AGENTS Come Forward On Clinton Email Scandal: “Comey thought this was going to go away”,"FBI agents say the bureau is alarmed over Director James Comey s decision to not suggest that the Justice Department prosecute Hillary Clinton over her mishandling of classified information.According to an interview transcript given to The Daily Caller, provided by an intermediary who spoke to two federal agents with the bureau last Friday, agents are frustrated by Comey s leadership. This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have been convened, but was not. That is appalling,  an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision.  We talk about it in the office and don t know how Comey can keep going. The agent was also surprised that the bureau did not bother to search Clinton s house during the investigation. We didn t search their house. We always search the house. The search should not just have been for private electronics, which contained classified material, but even for printouts of such material,  he said. There should have been a complete search of their residence,  the agent pointed out.  That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable. The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire. Another special agent for the bureau who worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by Comey s saying:  we  and  I ve been an investigator. After graduating from law school, Comey became a law clerk to a U.S. District Judge in Manhattan and later became an associate in a law firm in the city. After becoming a U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York, Comey s career moved through the U.S. Attorney s Office until he became Deputy Attorney General during the George W. Bush administration.After Bush left office, Comey entered the private sector and became general counsel and Senior Vice President for Lockheed Martin, among other private sector posts. President Barack Obama appointed him to FBI director in 2013 replacing out going-director Robert Mueller. Comey was never an investigator or special agent. The special agents are trained investigators and they are insulted that Comey included them in  collective we  statements in his testimony to imply that the SAs agreed that there was nothing there to prosecute,  the second agent said.  All the trained investigators agree that there is a lot to prosecuted but he stood in the way. He added,  The idea that [the Clinton/e-mail case] didn t go to a grand jury is ridiculous. According to Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova, more FBI agents will be talking about the problems at bureau and specifically the handling of the Clinton case by Comey when Congress comes back into session and decides to force them to testify by subpoena.DiGenova told WMAL radio s Drive at Five last week,  People are starting to talk. They re calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked today to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
16353,THE HIGHEST TAXED PLACES TO LIVE Also Happen To Be Democrat Controlled Cesspools Of Corruption," The difference between taxes in one place versus another comes down to city and state taxes. That s right, in some high taxed places, you get taxed not only by the state but by the city government as well. Here are some cities that have the highest amount of taxes in the county.Highest Taxed City   ChicagoThe tax burden in Chicago, Illinois is impressive, impressively devastating to a citizen s wallet. According to smartasset.com, a family making $75,000 will have to pay $2,732 to Illinois state income taxes. On top of that, Illinois has the highest property taxes in the nation, at roughly 2.7%. According to a recent study though, the sales and auto taxes are not quite as bad as some. At the end of the day, there are a few worse places to live for your pocket book. Highest Taxed City   BridgeportWhat is one of those worse places to live? Bridgeport, Connecticut. A resident of this city would pay a whopping 17.70% of their income just in State/City sales, property, auto and income tax. Add the standard federal taxes on top of that and you are in for a serious shakedown come tax time.Highest Taxed City   NewarkWhat city is almost as bad as Bridgeport? Newark, New Jersey. Residents of Newark pay roughly 14.50% of their income. Similar to Bridgeport, this is mostly due to an extremely high property tax.Via: BusinessBend",0
16354,BREAKING: STATE DEPARTMENT Asked FBI To Switch Clinton ‘Classified’ Email To ‘Unclassified’ For ‘Quid Pro Quo’…Intent!,"In the documents, an unnamed person interviewed by the FBI said Kennedy contacted the FBI to ask for the change in classification in  exchange for a  quid pro quo.' Whether or not Clinton sent classified emails from her private server that could have jeopardized national security has become a key issue ahead of the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8, when Clinton will face Republican nominee Donald Trump.Catherine Herridge of FOX News is a class act and out there telling the truth day after day. Here s her truth bomb on this effort to protect Hillary Clinton:FBI releases docs showing a State Dept exec wanted changes to email classification that would benefit dept & shield HRC, Herridge reports. pic.twitter.com/JMNethoRmX  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 17, 2016 VIA: REUTERS",0
16355,BREAKING: OBAMA POISED To Exact Revenge On PUTIN With Unprecedented Cyber Attack For Allegedly Exposing Hillary Emails…While Campaigning For Hillary,"Putin Tells Russian Army To Prepare For WWWIII With U.S While Obama whines about Trump campaigns for Hillary Is our Community Organizer In Chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes Putin is responsible for Hillary s email hacks? What kind of sick, reckless and vengeful clown do we have running our nation? The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News.Current and former officials with direct knowledge of the situation say the CIA has been asked to deliver options to the White House for a wide-ranging  clandestine  cyber operation designed to harass and  embarrass  the Kremlin leadership.The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation. Former intelligence officers told NBC News that the agency had gathered reams of documents that could expose unsavory tactics by Russian President Vladimir Putin.Vice President Joe Biden told  Meet the Press  moderator Chuck Todd on Friday that  we re sending a message  to Putin and that  it will be at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact. When asked if the American public will know a message was sent, the vice president replied,  Hope not. Retired Admiral James Stavridis told NBC News  Cynthia McFadden that the U.S. should attack Russia s ability to censor its internal internet traffic and expose the financial dealings of Putin and his associates.   NBC NewsFULL REPORT: @NBCNews has learned the CIA is preparing a major unprecedented cyber-strike against Russia. @CynthiaMcFadden reports pic.twitter.com/MjxKrdL7zS  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) October 14, 2016Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a flamboyant veteran lawmaker known for his fiery rhetoric, told Reuters in an interview that Trump was the only person able to de-escalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington.Americans should vote for Donald Trump as president next month or risk being dragged into a nuclear war, according to a Russian ultra-nationalist ally of President Vladimir Putin who likes to compare himself to the U.S. Republican candidate.By contrast, Trump s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton could spark World War Three, said Zhirinovsky, who received a top state award from Putin after his pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR) came third in Russia s parliamentary election last month.Zhirinovsky s comments coincide with deep disagreements between Washington and Moscow over Syria and Ukraine and after the White House last week accused Russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations.Even as WikiLeaks released another trove of internal documents from Clinton s campaign on Wednesday, Putin insisted his country was not involved in an effort to influence the U.S. presidential election. Via: Reuters ",0
16356,WHOA! RUSH LIMBAUGH RIPS Into Republicans Who Don’t Support Trump [Audio], ,0
16357,DID HILLARY REALLY THINK She’d Get Away With Telling Big Fat Lie About Obama’s “Red Line” Comment?,"It s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying, but when Hillary knew she was getting destroyed by Trump on her ineffective, embarrassing record as Secretary of State, she lied about not being Obama s Secretary of State during his ridiculous  red line  comment During Sunday night s presidential debate, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton denied that she was in office as Secretary of State when President Barack Obama refused to punish Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons against civilians after calling chemical weapons use a  red line  which could not be crossed. They had a chance to do something with Syria, and that was the line,  Republican nominee Donald Trump said of his Democratic rival and the administration in which she worked.  You were there as Secretary of State with the so-called  line in the sand. No, I wasn t, I was gone,  Clinton replied.President Obama delivered his famous  red line  speech   in which he described the use of chemical weapons against civilians by Assad as a  red line  that Assad could not cross without suffering serious international consequences   in August 2012. We have been very clear to the Assad regime, but also to other players on the ground, that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized. That would change my calculus,  President Obama said at the time.Hillary Clinton served President Obama as Secretary of State from January 21, 2009 to February 1, 2013, according to the State Department. She was not in office when Assad used chemical weapons yet again in 2015, violating international law. The White House did not respond to Assad with any direct military retaliation. Via: Breitbart ",0
16358,FLASHBACK! BILL CLINTON: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman” [VIDEO], ,0
16359,"SHOCKING VIDEO! SWARM OF OVER 20,000 AFRICAN FREELOADERS Flooding Mexico To Get Into The US…#OpenBordersHillary","HOLY SMOKES! WE ARE EUROPE! TAKE A LOOK AT THE DEMANDS MADE BY THE AFRICAN  ECONOMIC MIGRANTS  WHO DEMAND MORE MONEY AND JOBS FROM THEIR HOSTS IN BERLIN   THESE ARE NOT REFUGEES BUT FREELOADERS! Mexico s National Migration Institute has extended 12,500 permits to these African migrants that allow them to travel freely. Excelsior reports the amount of Africans entering Mexico is set to exceed the usual 800,000 Guatemalans, Salvadorans, and Hondurans who enter the country seeking to reach America s border.Mexico is not only being inundated with African migrants but also with Haitians. In the border town of Tijuana, 300 Haitians arrived on Sunday alone.There have been almost 10,000 foreigners in the border town of Tijuana in the past five months, and activists project this could reach 16,000. There has been violence due to this influx in foreigners and police have had to intervene. Maria del Rosario Lozada Romero, director of migrant care in the area, told Excelsior,  They themselves cause this disorder, they don t cooperate, and they hit women. More than 4,300 Haitians have entered the San Diego border crossing of San Ysidro between October 2015 and August 31, 2016, the San Diego Union Tribune reports. The Haitians along with the African migrants typically originate from Brazil where they were working or just took a boat to with the purpose of reaching the US. South American countries have liberal immigration policies allowing the migrants to reach Central America with ease.These immigrants either seek asylum in the United States or cross over illegally. Immigrants from Haiti along with Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, and South Sudan can live free of risk of deportation in the United States due to Obama administration policies.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16360,BREAKING: WIKILEAKS E-MAILS: SOROS AND CLINTON Working Together On “Police Reform” And BLM…REMEMBER “Implicit Bias”?,"Leaked emails from Hillary Clinton campaign manager John Podesta s personal email account published by WikiLeaks reveal the Clinton campaign s coordination with George Soros s Open Society Foundations on the subject of police reform.Soros, who has given almost $10 million to Clinton super PAC Priorities USA, is a major funder of Black Lives Matter. The Washington Times reported in August that Soros has given at least $33 million to the group through the Open Society Foundations (OSF), which he funds and controls.Both OSF and Clinton have called to crack down on police officers   implicit bias. A December 2015 email exchange between Podesta and OSF president Chris Stone was included in the batch of Podesta s emails released by WikiLeaks on Friday. Hi, John. Your policy team was asking me for ideas on police reform a couple of months ago. Here s a concrete idea I ve written up, and a good hook for it in Chicago,  Stone wrote.Stone attached to the email an article he wrote that advocated putting federally-funded bureaucrats in charge of police oversight.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16361,BREAKING: Wikileaks Email Release Exposes TWO-FACED HILLARY Admitting She Needs To Have A Private AND Public Position On Policy,"Huh? This could be one of the most damning emails yet, as it reveals the true character of a woman who will say whatever is necessary to get elected Is it any wonder before these leaks even came out, that over 70% of Americans said they don t trust her?BOMBSHELL Hillary Clinton Caught Saying Ther Needs 2B Public Policies(4us idiots) & Private Policies! #PodestaEmails pic.twitter.com/gDfJwBqbdq   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 7, 2016",0
16362,DISASTER CAPITALISTS: How Bill And Hillary’s “Clinton Foundation” Used Relief Donations Like An ATM,"Hillary was Secretary of State an unimaginable earthquake hit Haiti in January 2010. 250,000 people were estimated to have died in the earthquake. Hillary promised Haitians on behalf of the United States that we would offer disaster relief and humanitarian assistance. Meanwhile, as billions of dollars flowed into the coffers of the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton was appointed Special Envoy to Haiti for the United Nations was also named co-chair of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission.Here is the horrific story of how the Clinton s  helped  some of the poorest people in the world:",0
16363,TAKE THIS SHORT QUIZ: Which Radical Said It? We Guarantee The Answers Will Surprise You…," Here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. The answers are very revealing. If you don t know the answer, make your best guess. Answer all of the questions (no cheating) before looking at the answers.Hint: The answers to these questions aren t all Barack Obama.1)  We re going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good. A. Karl MarxB. Adolph HitlerC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above2)  It s time for a new beginning, for an end to government of the few, by the few, and for the few  And to replace it with shared responsibility, for shared prosperity. A. LeninB. MussoliniC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above3)  (We)  can t just let business as usual go on, and that means something has to be taken away from some people. A. Nikita KhrushevB. Joseph GoebbelsC. Boris YeltsinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above4)  We have to build a political consensus and that requires people to give up a little bit of their own  in order to create this common ground. A. Mao Tse DungB. Hugo ChavezC. Kim Jong IID. Barack ObamaE. None of the above5)  I certainly think the free-market has failed. A. Karl MarxB. LeninC. MolotovD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above6)  I think it s time to send a clear message to what has become the most profitable sector in (the) entire economy that they are being watched. A. PinochetB. MilosevicC. Saddam HusseinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above(1) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/29/2004(2) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 5/29/2007(3) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(4) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(5) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(6) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 9/2/2005",0
16364,MISSING: TWO FILE ‘BOXES’ OF CLINTON E-MAILS…Evidence Tampering?,"FBI files reveal missing email  boxes  in Clinton case, allegations of evidence tamperingBuried in the 189 pages of heavily redacted FBI witness interviews from the Hillary Clinton email investigation are details of yet another mystery   about two missing  bankers boxes  filled with the former secretary of state s emails.The interviews released earlier this month, known as 302s, also reveal the serious allegation that senior State Department official Patrick Kennedy applied pressure to subordinates to change the classified email codes so they would be shielded from Congress and the public.The details about the boxes are contained in five pages of the FBI file   with a staggering 111 redactions   that summarize the statements of a State Department witness who worked in the  Office of Information Programs and Services (IPS).  The employee told the FBI that,  Initially, IPS officials were told there were 14 bankers boxes of former Secretary of State Hillary CLINTON s emails at CLINTON s Friendship Heights office.  Friendship Heights is a neighborhood that straddles the Northwest neighborhood of the District of Columbia and Maryland.The State Department witness further explained to the FBI that  on or about December 5, 2014, IPS personnel picked up only 12 bankers boxes of CLINTON s emails from Williams & Connolly. The officials were not sure if the boxes  were consolidated or what could have happened to the two other boxes.  Clinton s chief lawyer at Williams & Connolly, who leads all Clinton-related legal matters, is David Kendall. He has successfully represented Bill and Hillary Clinton together and separately throughout decades of their legal entanglements since the 1980 s, ranging from the former president s sex scandals to missing billing records for Hillary Clinton s work as a partner in The Rose Law Firm on behalf of the failed Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan and Capital Management Services.In the documents provided by Kendall s law firm, the witness told the FBI they were  unable to locate any of her emails from January-April 2009.  This timeframe is crucial as it covers the start of Clinton s term as secretary of state and when she set up a private server for all government business, in turn skirting public records laws.Read more: FOX News",0
16365,HILLARY CLINTON CRONYISM VIOLATES FEDERAL RULES: Chelsea’s “Best Friend” Given Millions In Contracts With The Feds…A New Low!,"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sought to arrange Pentagon and State Department consulting contracts for her daughter s friend, prompting concerns of federal ethics rules violations.Clinton in 2009 arranged meetings between Jacqueline Newmyer Deal, a friend of Chelsea Clinton and head of the defense consulting group Long Term Strategy Group, with Pentagon officials that involved contracting discussions, according to emails from Clinton s private server made public recently by the State Department. Clinton also tried to help Deal win a contract for consulting work with the State Department s director of policy planning, according to the emails.Deal is a close friend of Chelsea Clinton, who is vice chair of the Clinton Foundation. Emails between the two were included among the thousands recovered from a private email server used by the secretary of state between 2009 and 2013. Chelsea Clinton has described Deal as her best friend. Both Clintons attended Deal s 2011 wedding.Here s a little blurb from the fashion rag WWD on an event the two attended together: This story first appeared in the October 20, 2011 issue of WWD. Wearing a short-skirted black Chanel dress, Clinton began by crediting her longtime friend Jacqueline Newmyer.  Jackie invited me to see  Romeo and Juliet,  she said, remembering back to 1995.  The next time, I got my parents to come. And I have been coming here ever since.  That historic family night out occurred three years later. She and her parents arrived at the theater two days after Christmas 1998 and a week after the House of Representatives voted to impeach her father. The show they saw? None other than  Twelfth Night,  a tale of magical transformation. Talk about Freudian.Later, at the after party, Clinton elaborated on the nearly 20-year friendship with Newmyer, putting to lie the old Harry Truman quip  If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.   Jackie and I are still best friends,  said Clinton, who met Newmyer her first year in Washington at the Sidwell Friends School.  She was in my wedding, and I was in hers.  Clinton, 31, continues to work on snagging her Oxford Ph.D. while working at New York University and with the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Global Initiative. Newmyer, 32, is the president of the Long Term Strategy Group, a military research firm in Cambridge, Mass.Government cronyism, or the use of senior positions to help family friends, is not illegal. However, the practice appears to violate federal ethics rules that prohibit partiality, or creating the appearance of conflicts of interest.Specifically, the Code of Federal Ethics states that government employees  shall act impartially and not give preferential treatment to any private organization or individual.  Pentagon ethics guidelines also call for avoiding actions that would create even the appearance of improper behavior or conflicts of interest.The Clinton email exchanges with Deal between 2009 and 2011 were among tens of thousands of private emails made public by the State Department under pressure from Congress and the public interest law firm Judicial Watch.Read more: WFB",0
16366,UNREAL! OBAMA BLAMES SYRIAN CIVIL WAR ON CLIMATE CHANGE…Mocks Those Who Wear Flag Pins [VIDEO], ,0
16367,WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP LOSING HIS OWN MONEY? $6 BILLION LOST Under Hillary Clinton As Secretary Of State,"The State Department misplaced and lost some $6 billion due to the improper filing of contracts during the past six years, mainly during the tenure of former Secretary of State Hilary Clinton, according to a newly released Inspector General report. The $6 billion in unaccounted funds poses a  significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department s contract actions,  according to the report. The alert, originally sent on March 20 and just released this week, warns that the missing contracting funds  could expose the department to substantial financial losses.  The report centered on State Department contracts worth  more than $6 billion in which contract files were incomplete or could not be located at all,  according to the alert.  The failure to maintain contract files adequately creates significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department s contract actions,  the alert states.Read more: WT",0
16368,SHOW THIS TO YOUR FRIENDS Who Don’t Fully Grasp The Severity Of Hillary Clinton’s Email Breach, ,0
16369,BREAKING: A HUGE DEAL! Putin Suspends Nuclear Pact With US," The Obama administration has done everything in its power to destroy the atmosphere of trust which could have encouraged cooperation Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium, signaling he is willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria.Starting in the last years of the Cold War, Russia and the United States signed a series of accords to reduce the size of their nuclear arsenals, agreements that have so far survived intact despite a souring of U.S.-Russian relations under Putin.But on Monday, Putin issued a decree suspending an agreement, concluded in 2000, which bound the two sides to dispose of surplus plutonium originally intended for use in nuclear weapons.The Kremlin said it was taking that action in response to unfriendly acts by Washington. It made the announcement shortly before Washington said it was suspending talks with Russia on trying to end the violence in Syria.The plutonium accord is not the cornerstone of post-Cold War U.S.-Russia disarmament, and the practical implications from the suspension will be limited. But the suspension, and the linkage to disagreements on other issues, carries powerful symbolism.Read more: Reuters",0
16370,WIKILEAKS Posts NEW Document…Shows Hillary Reportedly Asked: ” Can’t we just drone this guy [Julian Assange]?”,"Hillary Clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long Julian Assange announced Sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked Clinton documents. Assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.To Silence Wikileaks, #HillaryClinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange   report https://t.co/S7tPrl2QCZ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016Assange was going to make the announcement on Tuesday. Obviously, Julian Assange is concerned about his safety.Julian Assange announced in August: The  Most Interesting and Serious  Wikileaks Info On Hillary Clinton Yet to Be ReleasedNow this  Wikileaks posted a document this morning that reportedly shows Hillary wanted to drone bomb Julian Assange.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16371,4 DEAD TEENAGERS In Two Weeks…Illegal Immigrant Gang Violence Hits Long Island Town HARD,"It was only a matter of time We can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over, offer them immunity from the law in sanctuary cities that basically give criminals the ability to move around freely and expect a positive result. We asked for it when most American citizens sat back and allowed Obama to bully our border agents into submission, while shaming our government officials and law enforcement agencies for daring to demand stricter immigration controls. There s a good reason Donald J. Trump rose to the top of the packed GOP Presidential field when he mentioned building a wall on our southern border and clamping down on the insane flow of unvetted immigrants and refugees into the United States.Hillary is on the same team as Obama when it comes to unchecked illegal immigration. BRENTWOOD, N.Y.   Four dead teenagers. Two weeks. One town. And a ruthless gang, the authorities say, was most likely responsible for the toll. Again.On Sept. 13, Nisa Mickens, 15, and her best friend, Kayla Cuevas, 16, were murdered, their battered bodies found near an elementary school here. A week later and just two miles away, the skeletal remains of two more teenagers   identified as Oscar Acosta, 19, and Miguel Garcia-Moran, 15   were found in the woods near a psychiatric hospital. Oscar had been missing since May, Miguel since February. Their deaths have been ruled homicides.Brentwood, a hardscrabble town of nearly 60,000 on Long Island, 40 miles east of Manhattan, has reached another crisis point. For nearly two decades, MS-13, a gang with roots in Los Angeles and El Salvador, has been terrorizing the town, the authorities say, especially its young people. Since 2009, its members have been accused of at least 14 murders, court and police records show.School officials are scrambling. Police officers are searching. Students are frightened. Parents are anguished. It s so hard, I m hurting,  Eveylyn Rodriguez, the mother of Kayla, said last week.  I wish I could hold my daughter again. In her first interview since Kayla s funeral, Ms. Rodriguez spoke measuredly about how her daughter had been bullied by gang members inside and outside of her high school. To me, it s worse than it was before; it s everywhere,  said Ms. Rodriguez, a 1987 graduate of Brentwood Ross High School, where her daughter was a student.  This is ridiculous,  she added.  We need some type of assistance to help our police officers here and see if they can come together to figure out a plan to make things better for the kids now. The path to such a plan, however, runs through a fractured Suffolk County. Its former police chief is headed to jail, its district attorney is under federal investigation and a Justice Department settlement mandated changes in the police department in 2013 after findings of bias against Latino residents.Tensions simmer here because some residents say they believe an increase in Central American migrants to town has led to the increase in gang violence. According to 2014 census figures compiled by Queens College, Brentwood s population is 68 percent Latino or Hispanic, with more than 17,000 residents claiming to be from El Salvador.Brentwood has 4,400 high school students divided into two schools, and administrators say the environment is safe. Gang members rarely present themselves in the schools,  Richard Loeschner, the principal of Brentwood Ross High School, said.  If they do, we take care of that pretty quickly. But ultimately, he said, after acknowledging that the administration knew of about 20 to 25 students in the district with possible gang affiliations, there is only so much they can do. We can t exclude a kid because we suspect they are in a gang,  Mr. Loeschner said.  That s state and federal law that they are entitled to an education. Even before the girls  murders, students were subject to random screenings with metal detectors, which have increased over the past few weeks, he added. There are no detectors at the entrances of either high school, however.Some parents were concerned that the school s response to the violence was not proactive enough. Dr. Levi McIntyre, the school superintendent, sent an email to parents warning their children not to wear royal blue, the color identified with MS-13, or clothes displaying the Salvadoran flag. A student on the way to school, he wrote, recently had his blue shirt torn off by gang members and burned.MS-13 formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by immigrants from El Salvador escaping civil war. The abbreviation stands for Mara Salvatrucha, which roughly translates to  Salvadoran street posse. Authorities say it has been in Suffolk County since around 1998, and is organized in cliques bearing names like the Brentwood Locos Salvatruchas. Leaders gather to discuss their lines of business   extortion, prostitution, robbery, drug dealing   and to authorize the killings of chavalas, or members of rival gangs like the Bloods and Crips, court papers say.The recent murders have exacerbated disputes in the town over immigration policy, which Donald J. Trump, the Republican candidate for president, fueled during last week s debate by saying that the gangs roaming the streets were made up of illegal immigrants. There s been a huge influx, to be honest with you,  said Ray Mayo, the president of the Brentwood Association of Concerned Citizens, who added that he was upset over undocumented immigrants crowding rental properties.  It seems like a whole new set of gang members who have stirred the pot up. Two law enforcement authorities, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the continuing murder investigation, said that over the last several years the gang has sought to enlist recent immigrants from Central America because they are often more vulnerable to recruitment. For entire story: NYT s ",0
16372,NEW YORK TIMES Publishes Trump Tax Return From 20 Years Ago…TRUMP FIRES BACK!," In a lame effort to score political points for Hillary Clinton, the New York Times published a portion of Donald Trump s 1995 tax return. They re now promoting the idea that Trump  could have  not paid taxes for decades.  Could have  doesn t mean he did! Does anyone care that a man with a huge business empire might try and pay less taxes or work the tax system to his advantage? Isn t that what most people do and it s legal to do it! I would question Trump s sanity if he begged to pay more taxes! The front pages of the tax returns themselves are essentially a non-issue, representing the 1995 gross business loss incurred by candidate Donald Trump who operates a massive conglomeration of business entities.The anti-Trump political angle is easily identifiable within the extensive article use of:  could have ,  might be ,  may have , phrases used throughout the woven narrative. Journalistic  narratives  are rarely based on facts.The identified $916 million single year operating income loss is no different than current losses of Amazon, Facebook, Twitter and a host of other corporations and businesses.Actually, Donald Trump s 1995 loss is smaller than the operating loss the New York Times reported when it sold the Boston Globe in 2013 for a net loss of $1.03 billion.The Times purchased the Boston Globe in  93 for $1.1 billion and sold it in 2013 for $70 million, a loss of $1.03 billion. However, for some reason it s doubtful the Times will publish their own 2013 tax returns. That doesn t meet the political need.THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED THIS STATEMENT:Read more: Conservative Treehouse",0
16373,"CUBA’S GETTING NUCLEAR Reactors From Putin, While Obama Campaigns For Hillary","As our limp-wristed President flies around on taxpayer funded Air Force One campaigning for Hillary, Putin sells Castro s Cuba nuclear technology.Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016A Russian government-controlled company signed an agreement to sell nuclear technology to Cuba this week.Cuba plans to purchase nuclear medical technology, radiation research, training for nuclear specialists, and staff to help manage radioactive waste. Ultimately, the country may purchase nuclear reactors and storage space for nuclear waste from Russia.This is not the first time Cuba has attempted to build a nuclear reactor. With the help and financial assistance of the former Soviet Union, Cuba tried the to build two 440-megawatt nuclear power reactors near the city of Cienfuegos. Construction of the reactors began in 1983, but the collapse of the Soviet Union disrupted construction.Former Cuban President Fidel Castro says that the country invested $1.1 billion into the project, and cost estimates to complete the partially constructed reactors range from $300 million to $750 million. The U.S. government has consistently opposed Cuba s plans to build a nuclear reactor, although President Barack Obama recently normalized relations with the country.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16374,BREAKING: OBAMA JUST TURNED INTERNET Over To International Body With NO Congressional Approval…4 AG’S From These States Are FIGHTING BACK!,"Has Obama sacrificed the freedom of speech we enjoy on the internet, as a way to boost his standing with foreign dictators, as he campaigns to be the next UN Secretary General?  An Obama-appointed federal judge ruled Friday that the transfer of internet domain systems oversight to an international governing body can move forward, overruling opposition from several state attorneys general and lawmakers. Read more: Zero HedgeIn their lawsuit, the attorneys general for Arizona, Oklahoma, Nevada and Texas contend that the transition, lacking congressional approval, amounts to an illegal giveaway of U.S. government property. They also express fear that the proposed new steward of the system, a nonprofit known as ICANN, would be so unchecked that it could  effectively enable or prohibit speech on the Internet. Read more: PoliticoSATURDAY   THE US HANDS OVER THE INTERNETWashington (AFP)   The US government on Saturday ended its formal oversight role over the internet, handing over management of the online address system to a global non-profit entity.The US Commerce Department announced that its contract had expired with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which manages the internet s so-called  root zone. That leaves ICANN as a self-regulating organization that will be operated by the internet s  stakeholders    engineers, academics, businesses, non-government and government groups.The move is part of a decades-old plan by the US to  privatize  the internet, and backers have said it would help maintain its integrity around the world.US and ICANN officials have said the contract had given Washington a symbolic role as overseer or the internet s  root zone  where new online domains and addresses are created.But critics, including some US lawmakers, argued that this was a  giveaway  by Washington that could allow authoritarian regimes to seize control.A last-ditch effort by critics to block the plan   a lawsuit filed by four US states   failed when a Texas federal judge refused to issue an injunction to stop the transition.Lawrence Strickling, who heads the Commerce Department unit which has managed these functions, issued a brief statement early Saturday confirming the transition of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA). As of October 1, 2016, the IANA functions contract has expired,  he said.Stephen Crocker, ICANN s board chairman and one of the engineers who developed the early internet protocols, welcomed the end of the contract. This transition was envisioned 18 years ago, yet it was the tireless work of the global Internet community, which drafted the final proposal, that made this a reality,  he said in a statement. This community validated the multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance. It has shown that a governance model defined by the inclusion of all voices, including business, academics, technical experts, civil society, governments and many others is the best way to assure that the Internet of tomorrow remains as free, open and accessible as the Internet of today. The Internet Society, a group formed by internet founders aimed at keeping the system open, said the transition was a positive step. The IANA transition is a powerful illustration of the multi-stakeholder model and an affirmation of the principle that the best approach to address challenges is through bottom-up, transparent, and consensus-driven processes,  the group said in a statement.Via: Yahoo ",0
16375,NO! OBSCURE FUND OF BILLIONS To Be Used To “Shore Up” Obamacare,"The Obama administration is maneuvering to pay health insurers billions of dollars the government owes under the Affordable Care Act, through a move that could circumvent Congress and help shore up the president s signature legislative achievement before he leaves office.Justice Department officials have privately told several health plans suing over the unpaid money that they are eager to negotiate a broad settlement, which could end up offering payments to about 175 health plans selling coverage on ACA marketplaces, according to insurance executives and lawyers familiar with the talks.The payments most likely would draw from an obscure Treasury Department fund intended to cover federal legal claims, the executives and lawyers said. This approach would get around a recent congressional ban on the use of Health and Human Services money to pay the insurers.Read more: WaPo",0
16376,YOU WON’T BELIEVE THIS! CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR’S Desperate Move To Help Elect Hillary," I wrote AB 2466 because I want to send a message to the nation that California will not stand for discrimination in voting California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing felons to vote from their jail cells pic.twitter.com/6bhKD4hOZJ  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) September 29, 2016Despite widespread opposition from law enforcement, Gov. Jerry Brown on Wednesday signed a bill that will allow thousands of felons in county jails to vote in California elections as part of an effort to speed their transition back into society.Through a representative, Brown declined to comment on the bill by Assemblywoman Shirley Weber (D-San Diego), who said it would reduce the likelihood of convicts committing new crimes. Civic participation can be a critical component of re-entry and has been linked to reduced recidivism,  Weber said when the bill was introduced.On Wednesday, Weber said California is setting an example at a time when other state s are trying to limit voting rights. I wrote AB 2466 because I want to send a message to the nation that California will not stand for discrimination in voting,  Weber said Wednesday after the bill was signed.Sen. Patricia Bates (R-Laguna Niguel) criticized the approval of the legislation, which takes effect Jan. 1.Bates said the new law will undermine the integrity of elections by allowing people in jail to decide close contest. It is very disappointing that felons still serving their sentences behind bars will now be able to vote since Governor Brown failed to veto this really bad bill,  Bates said in a statement.Read more: LA Times",0
16377,BURN! TREY GOWDY Skewers FBI Director Comey: “That is not the FBI that I used to work with” [Video], ,0
16378,URGENT! 24 HOURS UNTIL SURRENDER OF INTERNET BY TREASONOUS OBAMA: “This is NO Drill…We need your help NOW!”,"This will be IRREVERSIBLE! Call your Congressman or Congresswoman TODAY and DEMAND they stop this!Frank Gaffney was on Breitbart Radio speaking about the impending takeover of the internet. He was pleading for Americans to call Mitch McConnell  and urge him not to give up the Internet   don t let this happen, make sure the Continuing Resolution doesn t permit that.He had a great idea of bringing pressure to bear on the Democrats through their presidential candidate:Let s call out Hillary Clinton, to find out whether she supports Barack Obama in diminishing our country, undermining our friends and our own interests, and emboldening our enemies. I call that the Obama Doctrine   whether she s actually gonna stand with Donald Trump and say,  Don t give up the Internet. We need her help on this, and if she does it, I think most, if not all, of the Democrats in the Senate will agree, and will stop being obstructionists, will support a sound measure on this count, at least, on the Continuing Resolution.And again, we ve got three days to fix this, folks. This is no drill. This is a live-fire exercise. We need your help, now.I think the more people understand what s going on here, the more we re gonna have the right outcome. The challenge, as with so much of the Obama agenda, as you know, Alex, is trying to slip it under the radar. Keep people from figuring it out until it s done.And this is the real hook. This will be irreversible. Once this so-called mechanism known as the numbering and naming function is permanently and irreversibly to some multinational non-profit   which will, trust me, be dominated in due course, if not right away, by the Russians, and the Chinese, and the Saudis, and so on   we re not getting that back. There s not anything a President Trump is gonna be able to do about it, if he does, in fact, become president.It s three days from now. It s October 1st, the end of the fiscal year. It s what Obama s been striving for, is to jam this thing through, while nobody s paying attention. We can t let that happen.Read more: Breitbart",0
16379,BREAKING: SENATE STRIKES BACK After Obama Slaps 9/11 Victim’s Families In The Face….Vote 97-1,"WASHINGTON   The House and Senate Wednesday voted to reject President Obama s veto of legislation allowing lawsuits against foreign sponsors of terrorism in the first successful override of a presidential veto since Obama took office.The president had vetoed the legislation Friday because he said the bill   known as the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA   would infringe on the president s ability to conduct foreign policy. It was the 12th veto of his presidency.But after an intense, lengthy push by 9/11 survivors and families of victims who want to sue Saudi Arabia based on claims the country played a role in the 2001 terror attack, even Obama s Democratic allies on Capitol Hill voted to override his veto. The final vote tally in the Senate was 97-1. Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-.Nev., cast the sole vote against override. In our polarized politics of today, this is pretty much close to a miraculous occurrence,  said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas. Democrats and Republicans in both chambers have agreed, he said, that the bill  gives the victims of the terrorist attack on our own soil an opportunity to seek the justice they deserve. .Read more: USA Today",0
16380,TREY GOWDY Rips DOJ For Giving Immunity To Guilty In Clinton E-mail Scandal: “It’s just 5 get out of jail free cards”, ,0
16381,OBAMA Made CHRISTIAN Pastor Pay For His Own Ticket Home After Iran Got Secret $1.7 Billion Ransom For His Release,"Just when you thought there was nothing Barack Hussein Obama could do to shock you this Christian pastor s story is revealed. How much money does an American who spends 3 1/2 years in an Iranian prison leave with? Enough for a one-way ticket home to the U.S?Iranian president Hassan Rouhani spoke before the United Nations General Assembly Thursday despite protests from Iranian-Americans who feel Iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.Pastor Saeed Abedini, one of four American hostages released from Iran in January, shared his disbelief of Rouhani s annual speech during an interview with FOX Business Network s Trish Regan. I was just telling people that imagine leader of ISIS come to the United States after 30 years of all the executions that they did and leaders of the world shaking his hand. It s unbelievable,  Abedini said.Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini, who spent three-and-a-half years in Iranian prisons before being released in January, claims that the United States government wouldn t pay for a return flight home even though his family faced serious financial issues.Abedini said he and other hostages were left to fend for themselves after flying from Iran to Germany when they were released after the Obama Administration s $400 million payment to Iran.The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander.After spending a few days in a hospital in Germany, Adedini was surprised to hear that he needed to buy his own plane ticket home. We were actually all shocked because I came out; I just had prison clothes and [they] just told us you need to buy your own ticket. Abedini said he was physically and psychologically tortured in the Iranian prison to the point where his stomach was bleeding for months from all the beatings. The whole last three to five years that I was there, it was just torturing, it was so hard,  Abiding said. Via: Downtrend",0
16382,BREAKING: MASS SHOOTING IN BALTIMORE: 8 Shot Including A Toddler…Manhunt Underway [Video],"East Baltimore was the scene of a mass shooting tonight that included a 3-year old toddler as one of the victims. The shooter is on the loose. No description of the suspect yet The location of the shooting is near a senior apartment building and the brand new @OpenWorksBmore cowering space that formally opened just this week. This appears to be a gang hit. No word from Black Lives Matter yet  VIDEO FROM THE SCENE OF THE CRIME:Police say a 3 y/o and her dad are among 8 shot in East Baltimore. All are expected to survive. Limited suspect info. #WBAL pic.twitter.com/zFuvGQF50a  Vanessa Herring (@VanessaWBAL) September 25, 2016",0
16383,AFTER SCHOOL SATAN CLUB Allowed By School District…Is YOUR District Next?,"A school district in Mount Vernon, Washington, was advised by legal representation Wednesday to allow the Satanic Temple of Seattle to start an after-school program at one of their elementary schools because it would be costly and futile if officials chose otherwise.Duncan Fobes, a lawyer with the Seattle-based law firm Patterson, Buchanan, Fobes and Leitch, advised the Mount Vernon School Board during a Wednesday meeting that any effort to block the proposed  After School Satan Club  by the Satanic Temple of Seattle for Centennial Elementary School  would ultimately be unsuccessful,  according to the Skagit Valley Herald. I think that if the school district denied that application, you would face costly litigation that would be distracting from your mission,  said Fobes who was hired by the district s risk-pool insurance group to assess if the district had legal standing to deny the temple s application. We believe that it s clear that, because the district has a policy and procedure that encourages the use of community groups to use your facilities, because you do that, you must open it to this group,  Fobes added.  You don t have to sponsor the group, you don t have to help the group. Read more: Christian Post",0
16384,BOMBSHELL: FBI REVEALS LYING OBAMA Used A Pseudonym To E-mail Clinton…Refuses To Release E-mails,"Obama told CBS News March 7, 2015 that he did not know about Clinton s private email while she was his secretary of state from Jan. 21, 2009 to Feb. 1, 2013.Q: Mr. President, when did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. government for official business while she was secretary of state?Obama: The same time everybody else learned it through news reports.President Barack Obama used a pseudonym in email communications with Hillary Clinton and others, according to FBI records made public Friday.The disclosure came as the FBI released its second batch of documents from its investigation into Clinton s private email server during her tenure as secretary of state.The 189 pages the bureau released includes interviews with some of Clinton s closest aides, such as Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills; senior State Department officials; and even Marcel Lazar, better known as the Romanian hacker  Guccifer.  In an April 5, 2016 interview with the FBI, Abedin was shown an email exchange between Clinton and Obama, but the longtime Clinton aide did not recognize the name of the sender.  Once informed that the sender s name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed:  How is this not classified?'  the report says.  Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president s use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email. The State Department has refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers have cited the  presidential communications privilege,  a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. The report doesn t provide more details on the contents of that particular email exchange, but says it took place on June 28, 2012, and had the subject line:  Re: Congratulations.  It may refer to the Supreme Court s ruling that day upholding a key portion of the Obamacare law.Read more: Politico",0
16385,MUSLIM FAMILY Swindles Millions From Taxpayers…Federal Policy Gives “Lighter Sentence”,"Undisputed Facts:An Oak Creek woman and her son have been indicted on allegations of stealing $3 million from the federal government through a benefits program intended to help the poor, according to court records.The indictment, released late Wednesday, says the fraud was committed at Family Super Saver store, 2301 W. Hopkins St., from 2009 to 2014. The indictment was handed down by the grand jury Tuesday.Elham M.  Brenda  Abdul Rahim and Ahmad Zaki Abdul Rahim were both indicted on a count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Elham Rahim also was indicted on counts of fraud and unauthorized use of food stamps, while Ahmad Rahim was also indicted on a count of lying to investigators from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.The conspiracy count carries up to 20 years in prison, but the defendants are likely to get much less time in prison under federal sentencing guidelines if they are convicted.Ahmad Rahim said Wednesday he didn t know that he and his mother had been indicted and he denied being involved in any fraud. He said his father, who has since died, used to run the store and he could not account for how he ran the operation.According to the indictment:The Rahims used the store to exchange Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program cards for cash. Through the program, recipients get a debit card. The defendants would swipe the card for a certain amount, say $400, and give half the amount to the recipients in cash and keep the rest. The store would charge the government for the entire $400.Via: jsonline",0
16386,ARMED WOMAN Takes Out One Of Three Burglars In A Crazy Home Invasion [Video],"If not for the second amendment, this woman would be dead pic.twitter.com/QKLST51VaF  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 23, 2016",0
16387,UNBELIEVABLE! OBAMA’S ATTORNEY GENERAL SAYS MOST CHARLOTTE RIOTERS WERE “PEACEFUL” PROTESTERS…In Her Home State Of North Carolina [VIDEO]," Now, most of the demonstrators gathered last night were exercising their constitutional and protected right to peaceful protest in order to raise issues and create change.    Loretta Lynch aka Eric Holder in a skirt",0
16388,WHAT? OUR CIA DIRECTOR Just Admitted To An “Indiscretion” That’s Mind Boggling…How Did This Guy Become CIA Director?," CIA Director John Brennan voted for the Communist Party candidate in the 1976 presidential election.Brennan told a congressional panel last week that he  froze  while taking a CIA polygraph test four years later when the questioner asked him if he had ever worked with or for a group that was  dedicated to overthrowing the U.S.,  CNN reported. This was back in 1980, and I thought back to a previous election where I voted, and I voted for the Communist Party candidate,  Brennan said at a panel discussion regarding diversity in the intelligence community during the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation s annual conference.Read more: WFB",0
16389,TRUMP FALSELY ACCUSED OF ENCOURAGING Police to Racially Profile by Biased CNN!,"What Trump actually said was: Our police are amazing. Our local police   they know who a lot of these people are. They are afraid to do anything about it because they don t want to be accused of profiling and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. You know, in Israel they profile. They ve done an unbelievable job, as good as you can do. But Israel has done an unbelievable job, and they ll profile. They see somebody that s suspicious, they will profile. They will take that person and they ll check out. Do we have a choice? Look what s going on. Do we really have a choice? We re trying to be so politically correct in our country. And this is only going to get worse. The above screenshot  shows the contradiction. CNN indicates that Trump is supporting  racial  profiling, while they go on to  show his exact quote where he does not state  racial .H/T [ Breaking 911 ] ",0
16390,GEORGE SOROS WILL DUMP $500 MILLION Into Obama’s Plan To Flood America With Muslim Refugees Vetted By UN,"Billionaire investor and all around puppet master, George Soros, said in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that he would invest $500 million to meet the needs refugees.The payout answers the Obama administration s  Call to Action  initiative, asking U.S. companies to help ease the migrant crisis.Soros, the founder of the Open Society Foundations, stated that he intends to work as closely as possible with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Rescue Committee to properly manage his investments.Fact Sheet for Obama s  Call To Action : ViewHow are these refugees chosen and vetted, an by whom?It is a bit concerning that to even get on the site that can provide the information on how refugees are vetted you have to sign in to the National Journal website.The BBC did piece on the vetting process that outlines the UN s deep ties to the system: ViewThis outline details how the UN and the U.S. State Department basically run the vetting process. Which is extremely concerning seeing as how Obama has been known to recruit Muslim Foreign Service Officers through Jihad Conferences, as reported here at Judicial WatchIf you look closely at the above links and tie them all to what we know is a corrupt relationship between Soros and Obama it becomes very apparent that the influx of refugees isn t a charitable act to save lives. We re being taken over by an outstanding number of possibly dangerous individuals and they are funded by those up on high.Basically muslims are vetting other muslims and telling us they are not dangerous while the government drives us farther into debt with the expense of these refugees even though they know that many if not most of these refugees are in fact ties somehow to terrorist organizations with a strong intent to kill us. No wonder the terrorist attack numbers on our homeland has been higher in the last 8 years then ever in American history.How do you feel about that? I for one am not ok with any of it. H/T [ Breitbart ]Featured Photo Via Foreign Policy Magazine",0
16391,VETERAN RIPS INTO OBAMA And Democrats For Their Failures and Lies [VIDEO],"United States Army veteran, A.D. Bell, tore into President Obama in a video posted to his YouTube channel this Sunday. He expresses his frustration with Obama and the fact that nothing in the country is any better in the minority communities as Democrats claim. When President Barack Obama said he d find it a personal insult if the people, black people in particular, don t vote for Hillary Clinton. I find it a personal insult that you ve only made one attempt to reach out to these people. People have been calling on him to come back to Chicago for a long time. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2146tlPyyQ#action=shareH/T [ Young Cons",0
16392,CAN WE ADD DIRTY MONEY ‘LAUNDERING’ To The Obama $1.7 Billion Iran Ransom Payment?,"A member of the House Intelligence Committee is accusing the Obama administration of laundering some $1.7 billion in U.S. taxpayer dollars to Iran through a complicated network that included the New York Federal Reserve and several European banks, according to conversations with sources and new information obtained by the lawmaker and viewed by the Washington Free BeaconNew disclosures made by the Treasury Department to Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.), a House Intelligence Committee member, show that an initial $400 million cash payment to Iran was wired to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) and then converted from U.S. dollars into Swiss francs and moved to an account at the Swiss National Bank, according to a copy of communication obtained exclusively by the Free Beacon.Once the money was transferred to the Swiss Bank, the  FRBNY withdrew the funds from its account as Swiss franc banknotes and the U.S. Government physically transported them to Geneva  before personally overseeing the handover to an agent of Iran s central bank, according to the documents. It looks as if the White House made just about every corner of the executive branch complicit in covering up the extent of its payments to Iran,  the source said.  Congress was already aggressively looking into payments involving the State, Treasury, and Energy Departments. Now it s the Justice Department, too. We already know that top officials from Justice objected strongly to the ransom deal, but were overruled. Congress wants to know what happened and why. Read more: WFB",0
16393,TRUMPS BIGGEST LITTLE FAN KNOCKS It Out Of The Park [VIDEO],This 11 year old girl gives me such great hope for our future. This video has been going around for a few days and I think it is important to outline the children that will be greatly affected by this upcoming election. Our children are much more in-tune to politics an social going-ons then most of us were at their ages and it s an amazing thing to see.Her enthusiasm and knowledge is refreshing that s for sure. There have been many children at rallies in support and in opposition and we need to really start taking their presence into account. There is a definite shift in this country and it starts at home.Featured image and video courtesy of ITV News,0
16394,HILLARY EPICALLY BOMBS PRESS CONFERENCE About Weekends Attacks By Saying All The Wrong Things [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is known world-wide for saying and doing the most ridiculous things, but her press conference concerning the attacks over the weekend has to be the most ridiculous to date.Any American that truly decides to actually listen to the things she said can see that she has run out of any form of ammo against Trump that she thought she had.Just a few of the things she said that will make you think twice: We need a better Visa System. Lets remember what happened on 9/11. These were not refugees. We need to do everything we can to support law enforcement. We will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists.   Take the fight to ISIS everywhere they threaten us. These are just a few in a 12 minute long dialogue that sounds like she is doing her best to literally say the opposite of everything she has ever said before.  Hillary even has the gall to claim that Trump is aiding and abetting terrorists. She must have forgotten that she is the one who takes monetary gifts from places like Iran.In an ironic twist Hillary basically blames Trump for any and all attacks saying that his anti-Muslim rhetoric is the root cause for Muslims to want to attack us. Really Hillary?Clinton has tried to push the refugee program on us even after it was made clear that the  refugees  cannot be vetted properly. She has fully supported Black Lives Matter and continuously disrespects Law Enforcement. Hillary has said more than once that she supports the rights of Muslims in America (Sharia Law). Furthermore she tries to label anyone that protests the radical ideology of Islam as terrorists. Every word she says in the press conference is a direct contradiction of her record:",0
16395,BREAKING: NYC BOMBING SUSPECT ARRESTED After Shooting NJ Cop!,"Ahmad Rahami has been identified as a suspect in the New York and New Jersey bombings over the weekend, and he has been taken into custody Monday after shooting a police officer in Linden, New Jersey, around 11 a.m.Thankfully the officer injuries are non-life-threatening, a senior official told NBC News. Two sources said that Rahami had also been shot and is on the way to a local hospital.This Saturday, a bomb exploded in the New Jersey shore town on Seaside Park, forcing a large charity race to cancel. Later the same day, a bombing in New York s Chelsea neighborhood injured 29 people. Officers found a possible secondary device nearby. Then on Sunday, five additional explosive devices were found near a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey. Rahami, a 28-year-old Afghan-born U.S. citizen, was identified as a suspect on Monday in the bombings after authorities found a fingerprint on one of the devices that had not been detonated.The suspect was sleeping in the doorway of a local bar when the bar owner happened to recognize him and called 911.  The police approached Rahami and he sat up. The officer recognized him and told him to put his hands up. Rhami then shot the officer in the stomach but the officer was wearing a bullet proof vest so his injuries are thankfully minor. Rahami ran and started shooting at cars and passersby when he was shot and then taken into custody.  The story is developing.Obama didn t comment on the breaking story at his news conference. He also never mentioned the suspect during the short press conference.H/T [ NY Daily ] ",0
16396,RUSSIA HITS OBAMA…HARD: “We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State.,"U.S.-led coalition air strikes killed dozens of Syrian soldiers on Saturday, endangering a U.S.-Russian ceasefire and prompting an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting as tensions between Moscow and Washington escalated.Just a few days ago it was reported that Putin felt that if anything happened to damage the tentative ceasefire agreement that it would be Obama s fault. Seems he was right.Reuters reported:The United States military said the coalition stopped the attacks against what it had believed to be Islamic State positions in northeast Syria after Russia informed it that Syrian military personnel and vehicles may have been hit.  The United States relayed its  regret  through the Russian government for what it described as the unintentional loss of life of Syrian forces in the strike, a senior Obama administration official said in an emailed statement.  Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said in an emailed statement that Russian officials did not voice concerns earlier on Saturday when informed that coalition aircraft would be operating in the strike area.  The 15-member Security Council met on Saturday night after Russia demanded an emergency session to discuss the incident and accused the United States of jeopardizing the Syria deal.  The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, chastised Russia for the move. Russia really needs to stop the cheap point scoring and the grandstanding and the stunts and focus on what matters, which is implementation of something we negotiated in good faith with them,  Power told reporters. She said the United States was investigating the air strikes and  if we determine that we did indeed strike Syrian military personnel, that was not our intention and we of course regret the loss of life.  When asked if the incident spelled the end of the Syria deal between Moscow and Washington, Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said:  This is a very big question mark.   I would be very interested to see how Washington is going to react. If what Ambassador Power has done today is any indication of their possible reaction then we are in serious trouble,  Churkin told reporters. Moscow cited the strikes, which allowed Islamic State fighters to briefly overrun a Syrian army position near Deir al-Zor airport, as evidence that the United States was helping the jihadist militants.   We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State. Now there can be no doubts about that,  the RIA Novosti news agency quoted Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova as saying.  Power said Zakharova should be embarrassed by that claim. Churkin said Russia had no  specific evidence  of the United States colluding with Islamic State militants. The Syrian conflict has been a tug-o-war between Washington and Moscow for some time now. Both Putin an Obama have pulled maneuvers that could have been detrimental to all involved, but this latest air-strike was such an obvious and epic failure that Obama can t hide from. We have all felt that he supports the Islamic State terror group and if this  accident  doesn t show that then nothing will. Lets hope an pray that the ramifications aren t too harsh.The discussions are still being maintained in a diplomatic way thankfully and they haven t reached a level of action by Russia against the U.S. as of yet.H/T [ Reuters ] ",0
16397,OBAMA GUILTS CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS Members To Vote For Hillary,"Obama s narcacism was in full swing on Saturday night at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus. He spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country, and then he manages to tell the room that they need to vote for Hillary to keep from insulting his legacy! Oh, how the mighty have fallen. My name may not be on the ballot but our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that s on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things. And there is another candidate whose defining principle, the central theme of hos candidacy is opposition to all that we have done. There s no such thing as a vote that doesn t matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote! H/T [ Breitbart ] ",0
16398,TRUMP SLAMS OBAMA AND VOWS To Undo Cuban Policy,"Last year Obama added an action to his manifesto that would forever put him in the cross-hairs of Americans nationwide when he announced that he would be normalizing diplomatic relations with Communist-Cuba. Cuban-Americans were deeply offended and angered that Obama would extend the hand of friendship to the very regime that ha tortured and murdered their family members for years simply for having an opinion.Here are just a few facts from Obamas Policy on Cuba:*General tourist travel is still prohibited, but Americans authorized to visit Cuba for any of a dozen specific reasons can do so without first obtaining a special license from the government. The 12 categories of acceptable travel include family visits, official visits, journalistic, professional, educational and religious activities, and public performances.*Licensed U.S. travelers to Cuba can use credit cards and spend money in the country, and are able to import $400 worth of goods from Cuba, including up to $100 in tobacco and alcohol products. *Americans can send more money to Cubans, up to $2,000 every three months instead of the $500 currently permitted. *U.S. citizens can bring home small amounts of Cuban cigars. *U.S. companies will be able to export cell phones, televisions, memory and recording devices, computers and software to Cuba. Cuba is known to have poor Internet and telecommunications infrastructure.Thankfully in Miami on Friday, Trump announced at his rally that when elected he would be undoing that order unless Cuba met OUR demands first.Trump promised to  stand with the Cuban people in their fight against communist oppression  and condemned Obama s  concessions  to the Castro regime. All of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done through executive order, which means the next president can reverse them, and that, I will do, unless the Castro regime meets our demands   not my demands, our demands.  Obama can t really seem to shock us anymore however, he has made deals and woven ties with numerous terroristic countries over his 8 years in office, and yet we still see no actually improvement in our own country. January 2017 will be a blessing for sure.H/T [ Conservative Tribune ]",0
16399,STUNNING DEVELOPMENT: OBAMA GIVES $75 MILLION US Tax Dollars To Mexico To Build Border Wall,"You have got to be kidding me! After all the times that Trump has been attacked by the Democratic side of our society for saying that we need a wall on our Mexican border to stop illegals from getting into our country and destroying our economy, Obama just pulled the most hypocritical and pointless move of his career.Obama just gave a  gift  of $75 MILLION to Mexico to provide material and equipment for the building of a border wall on Mexico s SOUTHERN border and to help cover the expense of training to help man the wall properly.So basically he is helping Mexico to keep out illegals from central America because Mexico doesn t want them. Yet the Mexican President, Enrique Pe a Nieto, says he will not pay for the border wall on the northern border of Mexico to keep them out of the U.S, and Obama somehow sees the logic in this?Trump has and always will be right about the wall blocking Mexico and if Obama had wanted to help a country keep illegals out then maybe he should start in the country that he is President in. Then again Obama has given trillions of dollars away to other countries while we Americans still sit here struggling to pay simple bill like mortgages, medical, food, electricity, etc.I guess he felt the need to stick it to us in a special kind of way before we unceremoniously drop him outside of the White House gates come January 2017.H/T [ Young Cons , Conservative Tribune ]",0
16400,ONLY 5.7% OF CLINTON FOUNDATION DONATIONS Went To Charity [VIDEO],"The 2014 IRS filings for the Clinton Foundation have been released and the numbers are absolutely sickening. Out of $91.3 million spent in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show that only $5.2 million of that went to actual charity.See the documents here: ViewIt all gets very ugly when you see the numbers broken down.>$34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits.>$50.4 million recorded as  other expenses >$851K was marked as  professional fundraising expenses. Despite an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40% less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more  other expenses  in 2014.It is worth noting that Sean Davis at The Federalist stated,  the bulk of the charitable work lauded by the Clinton Foundation s boosters   the distribution of drugs to impoverished people in developing countries   is no longer even performed by the Clinton Foundation. Those activities were spun off in 2010 and are now managed by the Clinton Health Access Initiative, a completely separate non-profit organization. It is absolutely abhorrent that while she claims to do so much for charity one day, then turns around and lauds her wealth over the heads of hard working Americans the next she is continuously stashing donated funds for her own personal purposes.We all know that politicians aren t going to be honest but this is a crime, literally, and yet it is just another day in the lives of the Clintons.Check out this Haiti citizens interview about the Clintons:H/T [ WZ ]",0
16401,ILLEGAL ALIEN COLLEGE STUDENTS Protest For A Freebie You Won’t Believe!,"Social Media went nuts when illegal alien college students protested for free college tuition. Yes, that s a bold move by illegals who feel they should be receiving exactly what the legal college students get. Check out the Twitter responses: Why is it that that it s different with me?  Araceli Garcia-Garnica asked.  Why is it that one simple piece of paper matters to them so much? Garcia-Garnica is in the United States since she was 2 years old and is now living under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.Mary Vigue, the director of Say Yes Guilford, said she is willing to meet with the illegals to discuss the options they have moving forward. We try to provide support in other ways even without the scholarship,  she told WFMY.  In terms of directing students to other scholarships and schools that will support them if they aren t eligible for our scholarship. Read more: BPR",0
16402,DR. WOLF CALLS OUT HILLARY For Lying About Pneumonia Diagnosis [VIDEO],"Dr. Milton Wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of Hillary Clinton. He states in no uncertain terms that  Non-Contagious Bacterial Pneumonia  does not even exist. His argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.You may remember Dr. Wolf from stories of him being Obama s second cousin. He has been featured on a few Mainstream Media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to Obama to his campaign for Kansas State Senate in 2014.These screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning Hillary and her supposed diagnosis.Is it possible that Hillary, her  doctor , and her staff are all lying once again to hide somethin more disturbing, like a neurological disorder? Clinton is very aware that the DNC has had meetings to discuss replacing her as the 2016 candidate, even going so far as discussing the possibility of Obama taking a 3rd term, so it is well within the possibility that she is panicking and trying hard to cover the truth.Not that we expect Hillary to ever tell the truth about anything, but it would be nice to know if someone who may be running this entire country is possibly suffering from a disease that may cause her to not be fully able to use her cognitive abilities to the fullest when making important decisions for the American people.In an ironic twist the YouTube link for this particular video clearly states that the two doctors featured have never even met Hillary. H/T [ Proud Cons ]",0
16403,COLIN POWELL Picked On The Wrong Guy: GENERAL FLYNN Rips Him To Shreds Over Nasty Comments In Leaked Emails [VIDEO],"After General Powell s email server was hacked it seems that Hillary and Trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.Powell went after retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a top Trump military adviser. Powell called Flynn  a jerk who is unchained  and a  right-wing nutty.  Powell however had to admit once called on the insults that he has actually never even met Flynn nor did he ever serve with him.He responded by stating,  Talking to people in the know, his real problem was leadership and management issues at DIA. Senior staff was in incipient revolt. He has been over the top in his comments, conduct unbecoming. But he is unchained.  He continues by saying,  Pattern of behavior which is why he was fired. Real question is how he got that far in the Army. Flynn did respond during an interview on the  Kelly File. I ve actually been called worse things by my little sister.  He went on to say,  Colin Powell, he s an amazing guy, amazing service, but he s actually, you know, as a footnote in history, he s going to be always struggling for his credibility because of the statement that he made to the United Nations that brought us into the war in Iraq. After the disparaging remarks towards Hillary, Trump, Flynn and a even a few other service members were highlighted as having been said by Powell, Flynn did caution that prominent individuals need to be more careful about what they send electronically.H/T [ Fox ] ",0
16404,"RADICAL ANTI-GUN MUSLIM State Senator Who Was Arrested While Drunk With Gun, Joins Kaepernick’s “Disrespect The American Flag” Movement [VIDEO]","On October 20, 2015, radical Muslim State senator Jamilah Rasheed was arrested while protesting with the manufactured  hands up don t shoot  movement in Ferguson. The vocal anti-gun legislator was also drunk and in possession of you guessed it a gun!You probably don t remember her arrest, or maybe you never even knew she was arrested. The media s kinda funny when it comes to covering law-breaking Democrats. So in case you missed it, the woman on her knees with her  hands up  pushing a false narrative that was proven in court to be a lie has decided to join Colin Kaepernick in his public disdain for America.In what she calls a  show of solidarity  with Colin Kaepernick, Missouri State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed, chose to sit as her colleagues stood for the Pledge of Allegiance on the senate floor. Nasheed said that she wants to call attention to the issues that the 49ers player outlines and that she is not  anti-American. Her seat taking was met with complete silence in the chamber.When the session ended however, Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder, a former GOP candidate for governor who presided over the Senate Wednesday, released a statement calling Nasheed s protest an  occasion for great sorrow.  He said he worried about  the example she is setting, particularly for our young people. It is indeed a sad day in this country when out NFL players, Soccer players, and now even members of our government are choosing to address their own beliefs and real issues in our country by completely disrespecting parts of what make us what we are AND they are doing it on the clock as we, the American people, are paying for it.How can it even be considered ethical for such protest to be acted out while on the job? I fully agree that each of these people do in fact have the right to protest how they see fit, but the issue here is that they are using platforms to get the attention they want that are literally funded by the very citizenship that they are showing such a huge disrespect for.Use your free time to protest, not the time in which I as an American citizen am paying for.H/T [ Fox ]",0
16405,HOUSE TAKES ACTION TO BLOCK OBAMA From Releasing Every Last Guantanamo Terrorist Before Leaving White House,"House Republicans are gathering closely around a bill that would essentially block President Barack Obama from releasing any more detainees from Guantanamo Bay until Congress can create a new defense policy bill.Even though the House passed the bill on a 244 to 174 vote,  some leading Republican House members acknowledge that it stands almost no chance of being approved by the Senate.Despite that possibility the House s vote represents a final stand in the eight-year struggle between Republicans and President Barack Obama, who have fought rigorously over the future of the detention facility housing suspected terrorists that Obama has sworn to shut down. The White House has also threatened to veto this attempt as well.In August, the president approved the largest single transfer of detainees, 15 total were sent to the United Arab Emirates, leaving the population at 61. Two of those released from Guantanamo Bay now join others that have reengaged in terrorist activity.The bill s sponsor, Rep. Jackie Walorski, R-Ind, states  We wouldn t be seeing 30 percent recidivism if we had true partners in this cause and in these countries.  He continues by saying that  Obama s detainee transfer policy is more about the president running out of time to fulfill his campaign promise than about the national security interest of the United States, and that puts Americans at risk. Let s hope that the bill either passes or holds Obama off long enough for his term to end.H/T [ Breaking 911 ] ",0
16406,BREAKING: MORE HACKED E-MAILS From DNC Released By A Vengeful Guccifer,"It s not the first time that the name of Vladimir Putin has been brought up in the US presidential campaign, but this time the US president used this  argument  while openly campaigning for Clinton against Trump. The situation has become  really ludicrous and it borders on the ridiculous,  believes Gregory R. Copley, editor of Defense & Foreign Affairs. In my 50 odd years covering the US government, I have never seen this level of partisanship within the administration where a sitting president actually regards the opposition party as the enemy of the state,  Copley told RT.The analyst said that the democrats are  blaming the messenger to revert the attention from the message. The message which Donald Trump delivered on RT was unambiguous in his campaign. Just like the fact that WikiLeaks revelation of the hacked emails was very explicit in showing up what the Democratic party itself was doing,  Copley added.The US establishment is  sacrificing key bilateral relationships in order to win [a] domestic election,  believes Copley. He added that neither Obama nor Clinton are interested in unifying the country, but they are rather  interested in winning and engaging in what modern democracy seems to have become   the tyranny of the marginal majority over the marginal minority. When you think about the number of times that the Clinton campaign has brought up President Putin and the alleged Russian hacking of Hillary Clinton s service, it makes you wonder just how desperate they are,  Copley noted.  President Obama has lost literally all prestige in an international community with the loss of prestige he has become desperate.  Read more: RTAnother round of hacked Democratic National Committee documents have been released. Provided by an anonymous representative of a hacker, Guccifer, the 500 megabytes detail the DNC s information technology infrastructure and internal reports on donors.Forbes reports that on Tuesday in London at the Future of Cyber Security Europe conference, Guccifer addressed cybersecurity experts through an unknown and remote transcriber.The notorious hacker then shared a trove of documents ostensibly obtained via a breach of the DNC s cybersecurity. According to Forbes, a password and login was given to them, and the documents they accessed appeared to show details of DNC donors and finances as well as the information technology setup to protect the sensitive data.In July, just as the Democratic National Convention was getting underway, WikiLeaks released the results of the first DNC hack carried out by Guccifer. That hack revealed signs of bias in favor of Hillary Clinton over her primary opponent Bernie Sanders, and consequently led to the resignation of the DNC chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, as well as several other top officers.The DNC responded to the latest hack claim Tuesday through its Interim Chair Donna Brazile, who stated that the  DNC is the victim of a crime,  which she blamed on  Russian state-sponsored agents,  while also cautioning that the hacked documents were still being authenticated by the DNC legal team, as  it is common for Russian hackers to forge documents.  ",0
16407,RAW VIDEO: A SHOCKING TOUR Of The Detroit Ghetto…Ruled By DEMOCRATS For Decades! [Video], ,0
16408,FATHER OF BENGHAZI VICTIM TY WOODS SPEAKS UP AGAINST HILLARY: “My son would still be alive…” [Video], ,0
16409,"TRUMP ROCKS MASSIVE PENSACOLA, FL RALLY: “The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.” [Transcript And Video]","It is so great to be back in Florida, my second home. Let me also thank our good and dear friend, Chairman Jeff Miller, for joining us here today. We ve worked closely together on developing much-needed reforms to take care of our Veterans.Let me open by making this very important declaration: I love this state, I love the people of this state, and together we are going to have an amazing victory in November.Decades of political failure and corruption will come swiftly to an end, and a New American Future will begin.The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.The special interests have had their day. That chapter in our history is closing. The history book is closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. A new chapter is beginning, and this chapter will be authored by you, the American people.This will be your time. You will be running the show. Not the donors, not the insiders, not the media executives.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.All we have to do is cut our ties to the bitter failures of the past, and anything becomes possible.Change is coming.All the people who ve rigged the system for their own personal benefit are trying to stop our change campaign because they know that their gravy train has reached its last stop.It s your turn now. This is your time.The fact that so many encrusted old political insiders oppose our campaign is the best proof you will ever need that we are fighting for real change   not partisan change.We are fighting for all Americans   Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Conservatives, Liberals   who ve been failed by this corrupt system. We re fighting for everyone who doesn t have a voice.We re also fighting for every region of this country. For every part of Florida, and every part of America. From Pensacola to Pittsburgh, from Baltimore to Baton Rouge, we are fighting for every last city and every last person in this country.Hillary Clinton is the candidate of the past.Ours is the campaign of the future.In this future, we are going to pursue new trade policies that put American workers first   and that keep jobs in our country. All the people who got NAFTA wrong, and China wrong, and who are trying to give us the Trans-Pacific Partnership   are the same failed voices pushing for Hillary Clinton.Our trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars. We ve lost one-third of our manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary Clinton gave us NAFTA. China is manipulating its currency and taking our jobs. We are going to stop companies from leaving our country and keep those jobs right here in America. The era of economic surrender is over.We will also have a very strong border that stops people and drugs from illegally pouring into our country   and we re going to build a border wall, and Mexico will pay for it.In this new future, we are going to raise your wages. Household incomes are over $4,000 less today than they were in the year 2000.My tax, trade, energy, immigration and regulation reforms will get your salaries and wages up. Hillary Clinton will continue the failed economic agenda that has only made her friends rich at your personal expense. Many people in this room tonight, and across this country, haven t seen a real wage increase in 18 years.The people getting rich off of our rigged system have sent tens of millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton   much of it to her personal bank account   to keep you from having the future you deserve.But on November 8th, you get to vote for the future you want.In this future, we are going to pursue new education policies. At the center of my plan is school choice. I want every disadvantaged child in America to be able to attend the public or private school that is right for them and their family.In this future, we are also going to keep our country out of the endless wars that have defined Hillary Clinton s career.To keep our country out of war, we will remember those three very famous words: Peace Through Strength.That means rebuilding our badly depleted military. I laid out a detailed plan this week to re-invest in our military and our troops.We are going to build a 350 ship Navy, a 540,000 soldier Army, an Air Force of 1,200 combat-ready fighter jets, and a Marine Core built on 36 Battalions. Crucially, we are also going to pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense.We will start by modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs.As we expand our Navy toward the goal of 350 ships, we will also procure additional modern destroyers that are designed to handle the missile defense mission in the coming years.Just today we were reminded of the need for missile defense after North Korea performed its fourth nuclear test since Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State.One more massive Hillary Clinton failure.Just like she failed in Iran and put them on the path to nuclear weapons.Hillary Clinton has presided over the greatest series of foreign policy failures and blunders anyone has ever seen. Her policies have produced massive global disorder.She handed Iraq over to ISIS, unleashing that terror group onto the world. ISIS would not be threatening the West today if not for the decisions Hillary Clinton made.She helped destabilize Egypt by supporting the ouster of President Mubarak in exchange for the Muslim Brotherhood. Fortunately, President El-Sisi is now in charge, but terrorists have gained a foothold in that country.She helped push Syria into a prolonged civil war by pushing regime change in that country too   without any plan for the day after.She failed with China, which has only grown more aggressive. By the way, she also let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.And of course, Hillary Clinton failed with her Russian Reset. She gave up missile defense in Poland and the Czech Republic in exchange for nothing in return. Then, she gave up 20% of U.S. uranium to Russia  while those who benefited from the deal gave money to the Clintons.Let s not forget, Russia went into Crimea on President Obama s watch.Unlike Clinton and Obama, we will negotiate with Russia from a position of strength   not weakness. And weakness is all we get from President Obama and Hillary Clinton.The difference between me and my opponent on Vladimir Putin, and in all negotiations, is that I negotiate by creating leverage so I can extract a good deal for the United States.Hillary Clinton negotiates but never gets anything of value for the United States. Putin laughs at our leaders, and takes them to the cleaners again and again.That is why we will rebuild our military, strengthen our economy, and regain our position of leadership in the world   so we can negotiate from a position of great strength once again.If I cannot get a good deal for the United States, I will follow the example of Ronald Reagan and walk away. That is completely contrary to the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton negotiate which gets nothing of value for the United States, ever. They just keep losing.I will end this legacy of failure and strongly defend the interests of the United States.But I will also keep focused on the ultimate goal. We will not seek endless conflict and hostility; we won t get trapped in the failed approaches of the past. A future where America can find common ground with countries like Russia and China is a better future for our children.We will pursue these relationships with our eyes wide open, and a clear understanding of our many, many differences. I will advocate the American position with a strength and clarity President Obama and Hillary Clinton never have. No more apology tours. No more bowing to foreign powers. We proudly defend America at every single turn.America will get the respect it deserves.And if we don t, I will walk away from the deal like you ve never seen anyone walk before. And, believe me, within a short while, they will come back   but only on my terms, therefore the terms of the American people.On these principles, we will pursue our long-term goals of peace   for the sake of our kids, and for the sake of the world s future.Hillary Clinton has failed in every single country where she has ever gotten involved, and at a very high price for the world.Her policies have produced only death and destruction, not diplomacy. She s trigger-happy, pushing recklessly for regime change   but never creating or promoting stability, or advancing the core interests of the United States.Her only real achievement as Secretary of State has been getting away with her massive email scandal. She bleached, deleted and destroyed her emails after a subpoena from Congress.She lied to Congress while under oath, and smashed her phones with a hammer to keep them from getting to authorities.By the way, who has thirteen phones in the first place? Only somebody with a whole lot to hide.And we all know what Hillary Clinton was hiding. She was hiding her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.Hillary Clinton isn t just part of the corrupt establishment, she is the corrupt establishment.I just saw her press conference today where Hillary Clinton complained about all of the problems in the world. If only we d had a competent Secretary of State who could have prevented all of these problems from happening.Throughout it all, Hillary Clinton and her Foundation raked in millions and millions of dollars from the most oppressive and brutal regimes on earth. Hillary Clinton and her Foundation have cozied up to regimes that oppress and brutalize women, that murder gays, and that violate human rights on an unimaginable scale.My Administration will be a voice for all people who are oppressed, including the millions of women being oppressed by Radical Islam.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years and produced only failure. Yet people keep giving her money and protecting her.It s the powerful protecting the powerful.The insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.trump im with youAll the people advising Hillary Clinton are the people responsible for the endless wars and conflicts, and the tragedies in the Middle East.I am proud to have the support of the retired generals and admirals who know how to win   and how to avoid endless war.Let me also take this moment to express our deepest thanks and gratitude to everyone who has worn the uniform, but most especially to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice for this country.There is no greater expression of love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for their country and its people.It is our duty to ensure that their sacrifices are not in vain. That means we don t issue timetables for political reasons, but that we work with our generals and our leaders to produce a real plan for victory.We will pursue a new, steady foreign policy that seeks to advance the national security interests of the United States   not a reckless, interventionist globalism that has failed this country so badly.And we will be clear in naming our enemy: Radical Islamic Terrorism.The fact that Hillary Clinton can t even say these words proves how unfit she is to lead this country. This is one single fact she can never escape.Any country that shares our goal of defeating this enemy will be our partner in this mission.We will break the cycle of regime change, and refugee crisis, that has gone on for so many years.We simply can t afford to continue down the road we are on right now.That applies to everything.Change is needed at every single level of our society.When I talk about making America Great Again, I m talking about creating a future that includes each and every American.I want the most inclusive, generous and prosperous society we have ever had.The possibilities for our future are unlimited.The Hillary Clinton campaign is so small, so petty, so tired.If we just break from this bitter, divisive past, we can achieve anything.That also means breaking from the lies and the deceit of the Clintons. They want to scare you out of voting for change. The most recent smear comes from Bill Clinton, who said that the theme of Make America Great Again is somehow racist   now they ve unearthed video footage of Bill Clinton repeatedly using this same phrase. It s just one more Clinton lie, one more desperate slander to keep the people from having the future they deserve.When I talk about Making America Great Again, I m talking about making it Great Again for Everyone   but especially for all of the Americans who have been left behind.We are the campaign of unity, and we will deliver amazing things for all of our people.New schools, new factories, new infrastructure.Beautiful skyscrapers will rise all across this nation. We will develop Detroit, Not Beijing.Most importantly, we will fight to end the systemic poverty in our inner cities, and to lift millions of African-Americans and Hispanics out of poverty.Here, in Florida, we have such an amazing and diverse community of Hispanic-Americans   from Cuba, from Puerto Rico, from Venezuela, from Haiti, from all over.These incredible Americans will have in Donald J. Trump a President who is determined to fight for their jobs, their wages, their schools, and their futures.To all Hispanic-Americans who want better jobs and higher wages: I will be your champion.All working people, of all backgrounds and from all places, will have a true friend in Donald Trump.In particular, I have a very special place in my heart for those who make a living as tradesmen, craftsmen and construction workers.I ve spent my professional life among construction workers, bricklayers, electricians and plumbers. I feel more comfortable around blue collar workers than Wall Street executives. There s a reason the hedge fund managers are funding Hillary Clinton s campaign, and not mine.My campaign is powered by my own money, but also small dollar donations from people like all of you who just want their country back.This is our chance. It s our last chance to give the people control over their own futures once again.Gleaming new plants stretching across our nation.Young Latino children getting an amazing education at the school of their choice   and their parents having their jobs protected from unfair competition.Our Veterans will get the best healthcare in the world. You can read the whole plan on our website, DonaldJTrump.com.Massive tax reductions and tax simplification   so that you can keep more of your precious time and your hard-earned money. Hillary Clinton wants to raise your taxes big time.Most importantly, 2017 will be about unity.Once again, we will be One American Nation.We Will Be One American People.Just imagine what we can accomplish together if we set aside our differences, and focus on what we have in common as Americans.We will be one people, living under One God, saluting one beautiful American Flag.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.Friends and fellow citizens, We Will Make America Great Again!",0
16410,IRAN MAY HAVE RECEIVED Over $33 Billion In Cash AND Gold From Obama,"Iran may have received an additional $33.6 billion in secret cash and gold payments facilitated by the Obama administration between 2014 and 2016, according to testimony provided before Congress by an expert on last summer s nuclear agreement with Iran.Between January 2014 and July 2015, when the Obama administration was hammering out the final details of the nuclear accord, Iran was paid $700 million every month from funds that had previously been frozen by U.S. sanctions.A total of $11.9 billion was ultimately paid to Iran, but the details surrounding these payments remain shrouded in mystery, according to Mark Dubowitz, executive director at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.In total,  Iran may have received as much as $33.6 billion in cash or in gold and other precious metals,  Dubowitz disclosed.New questions about these payments are emerging following confirmation from top Obama administration officials on Thursday that it was forced to pay Iran $1.7 billion in cash prior to the release of several U.S. hostages earlier this year. The administration insisted that cash had to be used for this payment.Read more: WFB",0
16411,INSULTS FLY During Obama’s Town Hall In Laos…EXCEPT The Insults Were Directed At AMERICANS! [Video], ,0
16412,HOUSE TAKES Measures To Impeach IRS Chief After Stubborn Refusal To Cooperate…Who Do These People Think They Are? The IRS?,"Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday the House will vote on whether to impeach Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen, and he indicated members won t be pressured to vote one way or the other.The entire House Republican conference is to meet behind closed doors next week to discuss the issue, but conservatives led by Representative John Fleming of Louisiana say the process of introducing a  privileged resolution  to force the vote will begin before that.Ryan, who has previously hedged on whether the House should take such action, said on Wednesday that he won t stop it. The House hasn t impeached a cabinet official since the mid-1870s and has never impeached an executive branch official, such as Koskinen, who doesn t hold cabinet rank. Any House action would be largely symbolic, because the effort is expected to be blocked in the Senate if it passes the House. Read more: Newsmax.com The IRS is refusing to recant the targeting criteria it used to single out tea party groups for intrusive scrutiny, according to court filings made public Wednesday that show the tax agency still struggling with the fallout from the scandal.At least three tea party groups are still awaiting approval from the IRS more than three years after agents publicly admitted they d asked inappropriate questions and put the groups through unreasonable delays in obtaining tax-exempt status. Last month the IRS told both Congress and a federal judge that it would start processing the outstanding applications   but the agency has refused to say how or when, leaving the groups themselves struggling to make sense of things. Making matters ever more difficult, the IRS specifically refused in court papers to reject further use of the criteria it used to single out tea party and conservative groups in the first place.  Despite all the representations made by the IRS about having changed its ways, it still asserts that the viewpoint-based Targeting Criteria are relevant for making a determination of tax-exempt status,  Edward Greim, the lawyer representing tea party groups in a class-action lawsuit, told the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.Read more: WT",0
16413,BREAKING: DEMS TRY TO SCAPEGOAT: Release Colin Powell’s E-mail To Hillary…Only Proving They’re Both Corruptocrats,"The top Democrat on the House committee investigating Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s use of a private email system released an email exchange Wednesday between former Secretary of State Colin Powell and Clinton in which he advised her on circumventing State Department servers.The exchange between Clinton and Powell, two days before the start of her tenure as secretary of state, shows Clinton asked him for advice on the use of a BlackBerry. He responded with multiple tips, saying he used a personal computer for government and personal business that wasn t  going through the State Department servers. Powell said,  I even used it to do business with some foreign leaders and some of the senior folks in the Department on their personal email accounts. The emails were cited in the FBI s notes from their investigation into Clinton s and her aides  handling of classified information during her time at the State Department. According to The Wall Street Journal, the FBI quoted some, but not all, of the conversations between Powell and Clinton.Clinton has told federal authorities she didn t follow Powell s guidance, even though she used a private email account to handle government business. FBI Director James Comey recommended no charges be brought against Clinton, but said that she had been  extremely careless  with classified information.What exactly Powell advised Clinton to do had been a matter of debate, and Powell even recently suggested Clinton s allies were trying to pin the controversy on him. Democrats released the full exchange in a bid to show that Clinton s predecessors did not use official email accounts.In his Jan. 23, 2009, response to Clinton, Powell said he used a  personal computer  and a PDA.The latest release appears to show that Powell acknowledged he exchanged work-related emails with foreign leaders and State Department officials using a personal device. He said the setup allowed him to  bypass the government s computer network. The release of the email by Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md. came on the eve of a House Oversight hearing in which Republicans are expected to focus on Clinton s use of a private email server and whether the State Department had been forthcoming with Freedom of Information requests.However, Cummings came down on Republicans accusing lawmakers of holding Clinton to a double standard during the investigation into her private email server. If Republicans were truly concerned with transparency, strengthening FOIA, and preserving federal records, they would be attempting to recover Secretary Powell s emails from AOL, but they have taken no steps to do so despite the fact that this period including the run-up to the Iraq War was critical to our nation s history,  he said.Read more: FOX News",0
16414,WAKE UP AMERICA! CATERPILLAR JUST SCREWED OVER AMERICAN WORKERS Just Like Disney And Tech Companies [Video],"Outsider GOP candidate Donald Trump has vigorously denounced the outsourcing by Carrier s air-conditioning business. His opposition has helped him get a nine-point polling advantage in the state. But Trump s support for major reforms to the H-1B program to reduce the outsourcing of professional jobs is raising his support among upper-income professional-class voters in many other states.The Caterpillar outsourcing  is all the same thing happening over and over again,  said John Miano, a lawyer and software expert who has sued the federal government to reduce or stop various outsourcing programs, such as the H-1B visa.  What we see is that companies ask for more [H-1B visas] while they re laying off the same kind of [American professionals]   this is going to be an election that decides whether this continues,  Miano said.Early in 2016, Caterpillar asked the federal government for 71 H-1B visas needed to hire foreign white-collar college-grads. At least 30 of the requested H-1B visas are for engineers and other skilled professionals in Mossville, which is suffering the most layoffs.At least 44 of the visas requested in 2016 are for foreign graduates who are already working at Caterpillar in the United States. These  continuation  visas are automatically approved, and do not count against the much touted annual limits on H1-B visas.Another 22 of Caterpillar s visas are for new hires.Since 2012, Caterpillar has requested 768 visas for H-1B workers. Roughly speaking, companies get one-fifth of the H-1B visas they request, suggesting the company has outsourced at least 100 U.S.-based jobs to lower-wage foreign graduates.The visa allows the H-1B workers to stay for at least three years, and some manage to stay permanently. For example, the company has also helped get green cards   the precursor to citizenship   for roughly 70 foreign college graduates. Most of these green card employees have replaced Americans software graduates.Read more: Breitbart",0
16415,WATCH LIBERAL CNN LAWYER Skewer “Village Idiot” Hillary Clinton: “Clear Violations Of Federal Records Act”, ,0
16416,CHECK OUT THE NAME! FOOD STAMP FRAUD OF OVER $5.7 MILLION From ONE Store!,"WATERBURY   A federal agent, with help from an informant, went undercover for nearly two years to document food stamp fraud occurring at an inner-city market whose employees were busted in recent weeks.Though W.B. Trade Fair Supermarket, a small corner market on Willow Street, had dusty cans and only one regularly used register, federal authorities estimated they have redeemed almost $5.7 million in food stamps since 2011.But those benefits weren t used to provide nutritional food to city residents, rather they were swapped for cash, glass smoking pipes and even power tools, federal authorities allege.A recently unsealed federal search warrant for the store shows an undercover agent with the Office of the Inspector General suspected the store of  trafficking,  or exchanging large amounts of benefits for cash.Tallat Mahmood, 63, Raul Carlos Monarca, 40, and Tahir Shahzad, 32, of Harrison, N.Y. were charged with federal food stamp fraud and illegally trafficking in food stamp benefits.The food stamp program is aimed at giving low-income residents the ability to purchase nutritious foods using a type of debit card called an EBT. But people enrolled in the program are barred from buying booze, cigarettes, paper goods and soap, among other items. The market is well stocked with everything from rice and sugar, to doorknobs and scented candles.But authorities say the trio allowed customers to illegally swap their federal food stamps, known as Supplemental Nutrition and Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, for cigarettes, bongs, hookahs and glass smoking pipes, which are in display cases at the front of the store.When the EBT card is run through a special terminal, the total amount of items is inputted by the store, which is then deducted from the person s SNAP account. When that occurs, that inputted amount is then transferred to the store s bank account.Federal authorities allege the men exploited those transfers, giving customers a meager portion of their SNAP benefits in cash, while the rest went into the store s bank account. Store employees are supposed to ensure the items being purchased are eligible for the benefits when they run the person s EBT card.THE STORE OPENED IN early 2011 and by March of that year the owners applied to accept SNAP benefits, federal authorities allege. The store redeemed $6,532 in SNAP benefits in April 2011, but by March of this year, that one-month tally had grown to more than $179,000, according to federal documents.The agent, along with an informant, visited the store 19 times starting in 2014 and paid about $7,381 in SNAP benefits in exchange for about $2,905 in cash  and a number of eligible and ineligible items such as soda, chips, glass pipes, bongs, hookahs, and hardware. For instance, in April, the agent was given $200 cash, two glass smoking pipes, an electric circular saw and cigarettes in exchange for $583 in SNAP benefits.Only weeks later, a federal SNAP employee visited the store under the guise of inspecting it to talk about SNAP rules and regulations.Shahzad indicated he knew that exchanging cash for SNAP benefits was prohibited, while Mahmood stated the benefits were to  buy food, that s it  and  no lottery. Only weeks later during another visit by the undercover agent, an employee at the store gave him $200 cash for $540 in benefits.THOUGH AUTHORITIES SUSPECT the store redeemed more than $5 million in federal benefits, the store employees were charged with fraud based on a roughly 18-month span starting in 2014 where the store took in $3.2 million in benefits. This practice results in illegal profits to traffickers, misuse of government funds intended to provide food for needy families, and the creation of a market for stolen or fraudulently obtained SNAP benefits,  the agent wrote of alleged traffickers, according to a federal search warrant for the store.The store now only accepts cash for payment, according to a sign on its door.Mahmood and Shahzad are free after they posted bond, but they were ordered to surrender their passports. Monarca has not been released from jail. If convicted, they face a maximum of five years in prison.The principal member of the store is listed as Aijaz Ahmed, according to state business records, but he has not been charged with any crime.Via: REP-AM",0
16417,HOW DID THE FBI NOT REPORT THIS? Devastating Facts Not Mentioned In FBI Report Point To Hillary’s Pal Sid Blumenthal,"Former NSA officer John Schindler reports on a devastating fact NOT mentioned in the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton conducting State Department business on an unsecure homebrew email server: Sidney Blumenthal s email read exactly like classified NSA reporting, as anybody acquainted with our SIGINT would immediately recognize. As one veteran agency official told me back in January, Blumenthal s email was NSA information with  at least 90 percent confidence. Which was no coincidence, since an NSA investigation subsequently determined that Blumenthal s Sudan assessment was derived from their reporting in some cases verbatim. As I reported in March, NSA concluded that Blumenthal s Sudan report came from four different agency SIGINT reports, all classified Top Secret/SCI. Then it got worse:At least one of those reports was issued under the GAMMA compartment, which is an NSA handling caveat that is applied to extraordinarily sensitive information (for instance, decrypted conversations between top foreign leadership, as this was). GAMMA is properly viewed as a SIGINT Special Access Program, or SAP, several of which Clinton compromised in another series of her  unclassified  emails.NSA had no doubt that Blumenthal somehow got his hands on some of their  crown jewels  information.  It s word-for-word, verbatim copying,  an agency official of them explained.  In one case, an entire paragraph was lifted from an NSA report  that was classified Top Secret/SCI. To add to the mystery, Sid emailed Hillary his  personal  assessment on Sudan only hours after some of those classified NSA reports were issued.Somehow Sid Blumenthal who in 2011 was not working for the U.S. Government in any capacity and had not held security clearances in a decade was reading above-top-secret NSA reports just hours after they appeared in tightly restricted GAMMA channels.Read more: Observer",0
16418,NEW EVIDENCE PROVES Hillary Manipulated Senate Benghazi Hearing With Help From Democrat Senators [Video], ,0
16419,CLINTON’S EPIC LABOR DAY COUGH ATTACK: Hillary Coughs Up A Lung During Speech And On Campaign Plane [Video],A CLOSER LOOK   PLEASE LISTEN TO THE WAY SHE SPINS TRUMP S WORDS RIDICULOUS!AND THEN ON THE PLANE! SHE HAD TO STOP SPEAKING AND LEAVE THE PRESS:,0
16420,LEAKED DOCUMENTS: GEORGE SOROS GAVE 600K To Pro-Refugee Groups To Influence “Attitudes”," Leaked documents from left-wing financier George Soros s Open Society Foundations continue to reveal the extent to which the group has influenced the political response to Europe s refugee crisis. Internal documents show OSF used $600,000 in reserve funding in March 2016 to bring pro-refugee positions into the  political mainstream. Jordi Vaquer, OSF s regional director for Europe, approved a $600,000 proposal entitled,  Countering the anti-migrant rhetoric and toxic narratives surrounding migration in Europe. According to OSF documents, half of the $600,000 would go towards lobbying efforts. All $600,000 came from OSF s  Europe Reserve Fund. A summary of the proposal notes that  the proposed reserve fund allocation will allow for additional resources to be allocated towards countering xenophobic attitudes in Europe, move parts of the political mainstream towards more pro-refugee positions, and build constituencies around a more progressive approach to migration and asylum. Read more: Daily Caller",0
16421,"GARY JOHNSON: Meet The “Creepy” Pro-Amnesty, Anti-Gun, Pro-TPP, Pro-Abortion, Democrat Party Operative And His Anti-Gun Rights, Friend Of Clinton’s VP Pick [VIDEO]","For anyone who believes they re more CONSERVATIVE than the average Trump supporter because they re planning to vote for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and his running mate, former Governor Bill Weld you may want to re-think your  conservative  position. It turns out, you re really just voting for another Barack Obama without the race card to fall back on or Hillary without the criminal background Libertarians should be allergic to power grabs by the executive for the obvious reason that they lend themselves to concentrated authority and (usually) bigger government. If you want to slow the state down, a robust, sharply divided Congress that jealously guards its constitutional prerogatives from the president should be your ideal   even in cases where the executive happens to be acting towards an end you deem salutary. In this year of all years, admirers of Obama s various forms of overreach should be thinking hard about how President Trump might build on his precedents. To a constitutionalist, which most mainstream libertarians claim to be, all of this is second nature.Is Gary Johnson a constitutionalist?THRUSH: How about Obama s executive order, which was decried as being a great constitutional violation by the Republicans, Obama s executive order on immigration. Did you consider that to be a violation or did you consider that a reasonable use of targeted executive power?MR. JOHNSON: I saw it as a reasonable use, challenging Congress to action. And an untold story with regard to Obama and immigration is he s broken up 3 million families. He has deported 3 million heads of households that have gone back to Mexico and their families have remained in the United States.If Obama issued an executive order to the IRS demanding that they collect 10 percent more in tax from individuals than the Internal Revenue Code provides, would Johnson deem that legal? What if the order instructed the agency to collect 10 percent less tax? Would his opinion of its legality change? Because it shouldn t. Bear in mind, Obama s 2014  DAPA  amnesty has already been blocked by a preliminary injunction that was upheld on review by the Fifth Circuit so Johnson had plenty of legal cover here to say that he s troubled by Obama s procedural approach despite the fact that he happens to agree with the policy ends. Instead he seems to endorse the bizarre legal theory pushed by some leftists that if Congress isn t moving quickly enough for the president s taste in enacting a policy he supports, he can go ahead and  challenge  them by enacting it himself and leaving it to Congress to overrule him if they feel strongly to the contrary. How the hell does a libertarian arrive at that model of government? The president does what he wants, and then it falls to the people s representatives to try to muster a two-thirds majority to override his policy? What?   HotAirHere is Gary Johnson in 2 minutes:Gary Johnson s running mate, Bill Weld wants all firearms that have five rounds or more banned.The NYT s reported on gun-grabber Governor Bill Weld here:Watch Gary Johnson s running mate former Governor Bill Weld endorsing Barack Obama. The most stunning part of the entire interview with MSNBC s Chris Matthews is when he calls radical leftist Barack Obama a  Once in a lifetime talent. Here s a fun fact uncovered by Newsweek: Weld has been friends with both Hillary and Bill Clinton for quite some time. According to Newsweek, Weld and Hillary both worked together on the House impeachment committee in 1974 and almost worked for Bill during Bill s presidency in 1997. Weld has also gone on to say that he does not believe Hillary is in the wrong or should be punished for her emails. Some experts worry that his closeness to the Clintons could be a problem other Libertarians. Weld was also chosen as Bill Clinton s ambassador to Mexico before he withdrew after being denied a hearing by the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Sen. Jesse Helms. ",0
16422,HILLARY IS FURIOUS OVER EMAIL HACKS…Openly Threatens War With Russia…Media Is SILENT [VIDEO],But the media s concerned Trump is the threat to our national security with his  reckless words.  LOL!Watch #UnFitHillary threaten Russia here:,0
16423,ANGRY Venezuelans CHASE Their President…Bang On Pots And Yell [Video],"Scenes from the confrontation late Friday, which also appeared in videos uploaded to social media, captured the attention of Venezuelans, many of whom blame the unpopular president for the country s food shortages.In one video, Mr. Maduro tries to calm the pot-bangers by walking among them, only to be surrounded as the furious crowd yells obscenities. What is this?  an astounded voice behind the camera asks in one of the video clips.Mr. Maduro had traveled from the capital, Caracas, to Margarita Island off Venezuela s northern coast to inaugurate a number of new public housing units and give a televised address.During the speech, he denounced his opponents  calls for his removal from office, calling them  vampires  and saying they were preparing for violence.Foro Penal, a Venezuelan human rights group, said 20 people had been arrested after the protest in the island town of Villa Rosa. Mr. Maduro s office made no statement about the episode.",0
16424,RED FLAG IN CLINTON’S FBI INTERVIEW Shocks Former Prosecutor Andrew McCarthy,"Finally, something else about those lawyers. I nearly fell out of my chair upon reading the very first paragraph of the notes of Clinton s interview, which identifies the lawyers for Clinton who were permitted to be present for the interview. Among them is Cheryl Mills, Clinton s longtime confidant and chief-of-staff at the State Department.Readers may recall that I suggested back in May that  the fix  was in in the investigation of the Clinton emails. The reason was that the Justice Department was allowing Cheryl Mills   a witness, if not a subject, of the investigation   to invoke attorney-client privilege on behalf of Mrs. Clinton in order to thwart the FBI s attempt to inquire into the procedure used to produce Clinton s emails to the State Department. Mills was a participant in that procedure   and it is the procedure in which, we now know, well over 30,000 emails were attempted to be destroyed, including several thousand that contained government-related business.When she worked for Clinton at State, Mills was not acting in the capacity of a lawyer   not for then-Secretary Clinton and not for the State Department. Moreover, as Clinton s chief-of-staff, Mills was intimately involved in issues related to Clinton s private email set up, the discussions about getting her a secure BlackBerry similar to President Obama s, and questions that were raised (including in FOIA requests) about Clinton s communications.That is to say, Mills was an actor in the facts that were under criminal investigation by the FBI. Put aside that she was not Mrs. Clinton s lawyer while working for the State Department; as I explained in the May column, Mills, after leaving the State Department, was barred by ethical rules from acting as Mrs. Clinton s lawyer  in connection with a matter in which the lawyer participated personally and substantially as a public officer or employee. There is no way Mills should have been permitted to participate as a lawyer in the process of producing Clinton s emails to the State Department nearly two years after they d both left.I thought it was astonishing that the Justice Department indulged her attorney-client privilege claim, which frustrated the FBI s ability to question her on a key aspect of the investigation. But it is simply unbelievable to find her turning up at Mrs. Clinton s interview   participating in the capacity of a lawyer under circumstances where Clinton was being investigated over matters in which Mills participated as a non-lawyer government official.FLASHBACK: REMEMBER WHEN CHERYL MILLS WALKED OUT OF FBI MEETING: Read more: NRO",0
16425,RED ALERT: CLINTON DESTROYED EVIDENCE IN TWO WAYS…Isn’t This Criminal Intent?, ,0
16426,DO YOU SEE A PATTERN WITH THE NAMES HERE? HUGE FOOD STAMP BUST! 14 Arrested For $16 Million In Food Stamp Fraud[Video],"Check out the names below and you ll see that so many times foreigners come to America to scam the food stamp system. We have reported on numerous scams involving immigrants and food stamps. Believe us   they come from all over the world to take your money! Here are just a few examples of foreign-run convenience stores caught in food stamp fraud millions and millions stolen and probably sent overseas: IMMIGRANT Ghanaian Woman Pleads Guilty To $3.6 Million in Food Stamp Fraud Media Ignores Her Immigrant Status22 LATINOS ARRESTED In Largest Food Stamp Fraud Bust In History Here s How They Did ItALABAMA FRAUD: FOOD STAMPS TO CASH SENT TO YEMEN3 BUSTED, 4 AT LARGE! IMMIGRANT MUSLIM GROUP Ran Huge Food Stamp Fraud RingIs this connected to the Investor visa program?  It makes you wonder if they have training programs abroad in how to buy convenience stores in the US and rip off the dumb (infidel) Americans!More than a dozen retail store operators in and around Baltimore have been charged in connection to a huge food stamp and wire fraud scheme.The indictments allege the retailers received more than $16 million in federal payments for transactions in which they did not provide any food, a fraud scheme commonly known as  food stamp trafficking. Retailers must apply to and be approved by the USDA s Food and Nutrition Service to participate in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly known as the Food Stamp Program, which helps low income families afford nutritious foods.In Maryland, the program provides eligible individuals with an electronic benefit transfer (EBT) card, which operates like a debit card. Authorized retailers use a terminal that checks the card information and deducts the cash value of the purchase from the SNAP balance.SNAP reimbursements are paid to retailers through electronic funds transfers. Retailers bill the government in return for providing approved food items to customers.The indictments allege that the defendants illegally exchanged EBT benefits for cash, instead. To avoid detection, they debited the funds from the card in multiple transactions over a period of hours or days, or called a different store where the transaction was processed manually, the Department of Justice says.As a result these transactions, they allegedly obtained more than $16,482,270 in EBT deposits for transactions in which food sales never occurred or were substantially inflated and split the proceeds with food stamp recipients. The food stamp program is intended to put food on the tables of needy recipients, not to put money in the pockets of greedy criminals,  said U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein.  Honest storeowners work hard to earn a profit by actually selling food, and food producers and distributors also benefit. People who play by the rules deserve to know that criminals who defraud them will be held accountable. The defendants face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count of wire fraud; a maximum of five years in prison for conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud and wire fraud; and a maximum of five years in prison for food stamp fraud.The defendants and their stores are:Walayat Khan, 36, of Reisterstown Barbara Ann Duke, 50, of Owings Mills Maria s Market Place, 307 S. Broadway in Baltimore and Royals Food Market, 921 E. Patapsco Avenue in Brooklyn. From October 2013 to June 2016, Khan and Duke allegedly obtained more than $1,486,118 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Shaheen Tasewar Hussain, 60, of Ellicott City Shop & Save, 301 Crain Highway South, Suite D, Glen Burnie. From July 2014 through October 2015, Hussain allegedly obtained more than $778,183 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Kelym Novas Perez, 34, of Baltimore Jose Remedio Gonzalez Reyes, 50, of Baltimore Kelym Grocery, 2734 Pennsylvania Avenue in Baltimore. From August 2013 through March 2016, Perez and her husband, Gonzalez Reyes, allegedly obtained more than $879,500 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Mulazam Hussain, 54, of Windsor Mill Monroe Food Mart and Y&J Grocery in Baltimore. From March 2013 through July 2016 Hussain allegedly obtained more than $1,242,745 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Mahmood Hussain Shah, 57, of Catonsville Muhammad Rafiq, 58, of Reisterstown Corner Groceries, 1242 Darley Avenue in Baltimore. From October 2010 through August 2016, Shah and Rafiq allegedly obtained more than $1,610,556 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Mohammad Shafiq, 50, of Gwynn Oak, Maryland; and his daughter,  Alia Shaheen, 24, of Baltimore  Quick Stop Convenience Store, 237 N. Patterson Park Avenue; New York Food Mart, 1201 N. Patterson Park Avenue; and Barclay Food Mart, 2454 Barclay Street, all in Baltimore; and Shafiq Corporation, 6929 Holabird Avenue, in Dundalk, Maryland. From about October 2010 through July 2016, Mohammad Shafiq and his daughter, Alia Shaheen, allegedly obtained more than $3,712,353 in payments for food sales that never occurred or were substantially inflated.The operators managed 17 stores. Mohammad Shafiq and his daughter, Alia Shaheen, allegedly stole the most money, more than $3.7 million. They operate the Quick Stop Convenience Store and New York Food Mart on North Patterson Park Avenue, Barclay Food Mart on Barclay Street, and Shafiq Corp. on Holabird Avenue in Dundalk.Mohammad Irfan, 59, of NottinghamMuhammad Sarmad, 40, of Nottingham New Sherwood Market, 6324 Sherwood Road in Northwood, Maryland; Martin Mart, 1504 Martin Boulevard in Middle River, Maryland; Rosedale Mart, 6326 Kenwood Avenue in Rosedale, Maryland; and M&A Mart 7400-A Belair Road in Baltimore. From October 2010 through August 2016, Irfan and Sarmad allegedly obtained more than $3,550,662 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Rizwan Pervez, 38, of Essex M&N Mini Mart, 1846 W. North Avenue; and Mega Mart1, 1522 Ellamont Street, both in Baltimore. From April 2014 through July 2016, Pervez, allegedly obtained more than $1,689,511 in payments for food sales that never occurred.Kassem Mohammad Hafeed, a/k/a Kassam Mohammad Hafeed, 51, of Baltimore C&C Market, 4752 Park Heights Avenue in Baltimore. From November 2010 through April 2013, Hafeed allegedly obtained more than $1,532,642 in payments for food sales that never occurred.",0
16427,THE POPE PUSHES CLIMATE JUSTICE : “Ambitious Action” Needed…Add Global Warming Agenda To “Works Of Mercy”,"On the surface, this seems like such a simple request it s not! After digging and finding the TRUE agenda on the climate change scam, it s very clear that this entire thing is an effort to redistribute wealth around the world. Don t believe us? Just check out the comments from the people attending the Paris Climate Summit:For many years the public at large has been spoonfed the idea that Global Warming Climate Change, is caused by man s excessive release of carbon into the atmosphere. And that the solution to the Climate crisis was to decrease the production of said gas.Over the past several years the Global Warming fanatics have changed their tune. Many of us in the  new  media have been warning about their true motives for year.Now, instead of the climate crisis being caused by carbon emissions, it is being caused by inequality.On Monday, during a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris, Ms. Camille Risler, a representative of the Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development (APWLD) which is an organization listed as an official consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, stated that the cause of Climate Change is the unequal distribution of wealth, carbon, and power: This is the press conference of the Women and (unintelligible) constituency. It is one of the nine official constituencies of the UNFCCC, and we are composed of 15 women s rights and feminist organizations from all around the world. So I m going to begin with kind of an overview of our positions and then I will give the floor over to my colleagues that will go more into details of each section of negotiations.I m Camille Risler. I m from France but I m living in Thailand. I m working for a feminist network that is called Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development and I m working for the Climate Justice Program.So what we want to highlight here is that Climate Change is a clear symptom of an unequal and unjust world.So if we are to address the Climate crisis we need to challenge the structural causes of the crisis which lies on unequal distribution of wealth, of carbon, and of power. Whether it s political power, economic power, or even military power. Ms. Risler goes on to say that the solution to the Climate crisis is to create more  just and equitable economies .Roughly translated that means an economy based along the lines of Socialism and Communism. Because now, according to the Climate preachers, nothing is more dangerous to the planet than a free market economy, individual free will, and inequality. Not even Islamic Terrorists.You can view the entire press conference HEREPope Francis has urged Christians to make caring for the environment a core part of their faith as he called for concerted action against ecological degradation and climate change. God gave us a bountiful garden, but we have turned it into a polluted wasteland of debris, desolation and filth,  Francis said in a document released to coincide with the World Day of Prayer for the Care of Creation. He proposed adding care for the natural world to the seven  works of mercy  Catholics are meant to perform.Francis has placed environmental causes at the heart of his papacy, denouncing what he sees as a throwaway consumer culture, financial greed and rampant, market-driven economies. Economics and politics, society and culture cannot be dominated by thinking only of the short-term and immediate financial or electoral gains,  he said, suggesting more ambitious action might be needed to curb climate change.Francis welcomed the Paris accord, but urged voters everywhere to make sure their governments did not backtrack.  It is up to citizens to insist that this happen, and indeed to advocate for even more ambitious goals,  he said.He asked the world s 1 billion Roman Catholics to embrace a green agenda, saying defence of the environment should be added to the works of mercy that provide believers with guiding principles and duties they are meant to follow.",0
16428,HOLY RIGGED ELECTION! Obama Regime Considers Special Declaration To Take Charge Of Elections! [VIDEO],"If the Obama regime is allowed to wrest control of our elections from the states America better get used to the idea of a President #CrookedHillary Even before the FBI identified new cyber attacks on two separate state election boards, the Department of Homeland Security began considering declaring the election a  critical infrastructure,  giving it the same control over security it has over Wall Street and and the electric power grid.The latest admissions of attacks could speed up that effort possibly including the upcoming presidential election, according to officials. We should carefully consider whether our election system, our election process, is critical infrastructure like the financial sector, like the power grid,  Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said. There s a vital national interest in our election process, so I do think we need to consider whether it should be considered by my department and others critical infrastructure,  he said at media conference earlier this month hosted by the Christian Science Monitor.DHS has a vital security role in 16 areas of critical infrastructure and they provide a model for what the department and Johnson could have in mind for the election.DHS describes it this way on their website:  There are 16 critical infrastructure sectors whose assets, systems, and networks, whether physical or virtual, are considered so vital to the United States that their incapacitation or destruction would have a debilitating effect on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination thereof. A White House policy directive adds,  The federal government also has a responsibility to strengthen the security and resilience of its own critical infrastructure, for the continuity of national essential functions, and to organize itself to partner effectively with and add value to the security and resilience efforts of critical infrastructure owners and operators. At the time, Johnson did not mention specific security issues, but the FBI has since cited one hack and another attempt.Johnson also said that the big issue at hand is that there isn t a central election system since the states run elections.  There s no one federal election system. There are some 9,000 jurisdictions involved in the election process,  Johnson said. Washington Examiner",0
16429,WHITE HOUSE GOES ROGUE: Obama Approves Global Warming Treaty Without Congress!…What About The Constitution? [Video],"The Imperial Presidency continues against the Constitution: The Constitution provides that the president  shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators present concur  (Article II, section 2) White House: The president has the legal authority to ratify the accord without the two-thirds Senate vote required for treaties. The pact is merely an  executive agreement.  What they re not telling you is this  executive agreement  is a HUGE redistribution of American tax dollars to other countries!This should be voted on!For many years the public at large has been spoonfed the idea that Global Warming Climate Change, is caused by man s excessive release of carbon into the atmosphere. And that the solution to the Climate crisis was to decrease the production of said gas.Over the past several years the Global Warming fanatics have changed their tune. Many of us in the  new  media have been warning about their true motives for year.Now, instead of the climate crisis being caused by carbon emissions, it is being caused by inequality.On Monday, during a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris, Ms. Camille Risler, a representative of the Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development (APWLD) which is an organization listed as an official consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council, stated that the cause of Climate Change is the unequal distribution of wealth, carbon, and power: This is the press conference of the Women and (unintelligible) constituency. It is one of the nine official constituencies of the UNFCCC, and we are composed of 15 women s rights and feminist organizations from all around the world. So I m going to begin with kind of an overview of our positions and then I will give the floor over to my colleagues that will go more into details of each section of negotiations.I m Camille Risler. I m from France but I m living in Thailand. I m working for a feminist network that is called Asia Pacific Forum on Women, Law and Development and I m working for the Climate Justice Program.So what we want to highlight here is that Climate Change is a clear symptom of an unequal and unjust world.So if we are to address the Climate crisis we need to challenge the structural causes of the crisis which lies on unequal distribution of wealth, of carbon, and of power. Whether it s political power, economic power, or even military power. Ms. Risler goes on to say that the solution to the Climate crisis is to create more  just and equitable economies .Roughly translated that means an economy based along the lines of Socialism and Communism. Because now, according to the Climate preachers, nothing is more dangerous to the planet than a free market economy, individual free will, and inequality. Not even Islamic Terrorists.You can view the entire press conference HEREVia: Gateway Pundit",0
16430,OBAMA’S BAILOUT OF PUERTO RICO: TAXPAYERS Take A BIG Hit But Rewards Go To Political And Financial Players,"Puerto Rico is getting a HUGE bailout from the US government on the backs of the American taxpayers You will not believe the total BS in this bailout that everyone in the Obama administration kept saying it wasn t a bailout. Nancy Pelosi is one of many I recall who promised this would not be on the backs of the taxpayers .she lied.  Is anyone surprised that Jack Lew and Sylvia Burwell both are going full force to give 54,000 the earned income tax credit which is basically a handout Unreal!In a free market, everyone would take a serious hit: The bondholders (mostly municipal bond funds in the United States) would be forced to write off most of their Puerto Rico bonds, the pensioners would have their expectations cut drastically, and government spending would be severely cut back.But neither Puerto Rico nor the board is likely to do any such thing, simply because of the various political and financial interests involved. For example, investment funds such as insider John Paulson s Paulson and Company, David Tepper s Appaloosa Management, Marathon Asset Management, Blue Mountain Capital, and Monarch Alternative Capital each swooped in and took substantial positions in Puerto Rico s debt just days after the rating agencies dropped their ratings to junk. Now they hold hundreds of millions in bonds, selling at massive discounts against their face value and have little interest in negotiating anything.What s more likely is that they will bring pressure on the board members to go to investors   last resort,  the American taxpayer. After all, the island s pensioners are already poor and have been forced to pay ever higher taxes as the government tried to right itself. And a government reorganization, eliminating overpaid bureaucrats and setting up a badly needed system of meritocracy to weed out incompetents, is simply not going to happen. The pressure to pass the buck to the American taxpayer has already begun. Obama officials Jack Lew (secretary of the treasury) and Sylvia Burwell (secretary of health and human services) sent a letter to the oversight board last week with its  suggestions : Reforms should include removing the cap on Puerto Rico s Medicaid program and gradually increasing the federal support Puerto Rico receives through the federal Medicaid match. The letter also included  adopting  an earned income tax credit   essentially a welfare check to the poor   in order to  pull 54,000 Puerto Ricans out of poverty.  It s much easier to pass the buck to the only place that still has the capacity to bail the island out: the U.S. taxpayer. Following that bailout, those vulture funds will then see their bonds return to face value and sell them, reaping enormous profits from the misery being inflicted on the residents of the United States  island territory.Read more: The New American",0
16431,HERE’S HOW CROOKED HILLARY Deleted The “Money Trail” Of Millions In E-mails,"Here s just one more piece to the puzzle Hillary was able to delete the money trail with bleach bit The owner of BleachBit was tipped off that his product was used by Clinton when Trey Gowdy mentioned it in a TV interview:  Gowdy said Clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even God can t read them. How transparent of her!BleachBit s creator says Hillary may have chosen that program to scrub emails because it doesn t leave a  money trail .Hillary Clinton s decision to use BleachBit to scrub her private email server could have been based on the fact that the free software can be downloaded and used with complete anonymity, the program s developer said.Andrew Ziem, the creator of BleachBit, pointed to a recent CNN report about his software in which a computer security expert had speculated that Clinton s team would have selected a more expensive, more sophisticated service if it truly sought to conceal records. While there may be some merit to that, there is also an argument to be made for hoping that this doesn t leave a money trail. :Ziem said he was not aware Clinton had applied BleachBit to her server until Rep. Trey Gowdy said so on Fox News Thursday, because downloads of the program are anonymous and untraceable.Gowdy said Clinton s emails had been so thoroughly scrubbed that  even God can t read them. It seems probable that the intent was to erase information,  Ziem said of Clinton s use of BleachBit.The open-source software can also be used to clear space on a computer with a cluttered memory, the BleachBit creator said.But in a post on his website Saturday, Ziem noted the program is an effective way to delete emails beyond recovery short of the  physical destruction  of servers with  a hammer or blow torch. Millions of people have downloaded BleachBit since its creation in 2008, Ziem said. He noted his website has experienced a spike in traffic since Clinton s use of BleachBit was revealed.Read more: Washington Examiner ",0
16432,"CRAZY LIKE A FOX: JOE BIDEN Announces $2.45 Billion Dollar “Loan” To Money-Sucking AMTRAK…No, We’re Not Kidding!","No, we re not kidding -the money sucker of all time is getting a  loan . AMTRAK has always been a loser but leave it up to crazy Uncle Joe to toss OUR money away for new chop choos in Washington, DC  and Delaware yes, Joe is protecting his own before all you little people.  Could someone please tell Joe Biden we re close to 20 TRILLION dollars in debt? Holy smokes, these Dems love to spend money on boondoggles Liberals love public transportation and no one in government has been a better friend to Amtrak than Vice President Joe Biden, who just announced a multi-billion dollar federal loan to Amtrak.Of course, calling it a loan assumes it will be paid back at some point. How is Amtrak going to pay back the loan when it has never even been profitable? Amtrak couldn t even continue to exist without huge government subsidies.Also, as you should note in the CNN report below, the lion s share of the loan is going towards trains and maintenance in  You guessed it, Washington, DC.From the report:Biden announces $2.45 billion federal loan to AmtrakVice President Joe Biden announced Friday a $2.45 billion loan to Amtrak from the Department of Transportation, the largest loan in the department s history. Biden announced the new loan at his namesake Joseph R. Biden Jr., Train Station in Wilmington, Delaware.The $2.45 billion will be used to purchase 28 new train sets for the high-speed Acela train between Washington through New York and into Boston. The money will also be used to rehabilitate railroad tracks and upgrade four stations, including Washington s Union Station and Baltimore s Penn Station.Read more: CNN",0
16433,In His Own Words: STUNNING Unofficial TRUMP AD That Will BLOW You Away! [VIDEO],"Wow! America is hungry for a real leader. America, this is what leadership looks like https://youtu.be/JCXpkAPQvhk",0
16434,WEBSITE AND TWITTER PAGE Of DC Group Leaking Soros Documents Is Taken Down…Censorship Alive And Well In Obama’s America,"Censorship is alive and well in Obama s America DCLeaks, a website that releases information on powerful political figures, has had part of its website taken offline after releasing a cache of documents on billionaire donor George Soros. The @DCLeaks Twitter account has also been suspended from Twitter for reasons unknown:The website had previously released 2,500 internal Open Society Foundation (OSF) documents in order to  shed light on one of the most influential networks operating worldwide.  OSF is one of Soros  networks of organizations.The leaked documents had resulted in several damaging reports about the organization. OSF had previously confirmed that the documents were legitimate.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16435,"OBAMA STONEWALLING ON Why He Sent 13 Payments Of $99,999,999.99 To Iran…Where Was Congress?","Leave it to the one and only Andrew McCarthy to put together a fantastic case against Obama and his lying administration when it comes to the latest race on the Treasury. This time it was a raid on a Treasury slush fund to give $1.3 billion to Iran. The Iran Deal is a great example of just how corrupt and dysfunctional our government is. Please take the time to read this incredible overview of the inner workings of giving billions to Iran It s UNREAL!The structured transfers of $1.3 billion from a Treasury slush fund remain shrouded in mystery.  Confidentiality ? Yes, that s the State Department s story on why the Obama administration is stonewalling the American people regarding the president s illegal and increasingly suspicious Iransom payoff. The administration refuses to divulge any further information about the $1.7 billion the president acknowledges paying the world s leading state sponsor of terrorism.Grilled on Wednesday about how Obama managed to pay the final $1.3 billion installment   particularly given the president s claim that it is not possible to send Tehran a check or wire-transfer   State Department spokesman Mark Toner decreed that the administration would continue  withholding this information  in order  to protect confidentiality. Whose confidentiality? The mullahs ? That of the intermediaries the president used? Whose privacy takes precedence over our right to know how Obama funneled our money to our enemies?The closest thing to an answer we have to the latest round of questions comes courtesy of the perseverance of the investigative journalist Claudia Rosett. (You weren t expecting the Republican Congress to be minding the purse, were you?) Recall that we have been asking about the $1.3 billion payment since the first revelations about this sordid affair. After all, if, as Obama and his toadies maintain, the payment is totally on the up and up   just a routine legal settlement involving Iran s own money   then why won t they answer basic questions about it? Why are such matters as the administration s process in tapping a congressionally appropriated funding source for the settlement   a settlement Congress did not approve and seems to be in the dark about paying for   being treated as if they were state secrets so sensitive you d need have a Clinton.mail account (or be a Russian hacker of a Clinton.mail account) to see them?Generally speaking, the State, Treasury, and Justice Departments cannot issue press releases fast enough to salute themselves over legal settlements that supposedly benefit taxpayers by billions of dollars   at least according to the same math that brought you all those Obamacare savings. How is it that, in what is purportedly a completely aboveboard legal case, we are not permitted to know how our own money was transferred to the jihadist plaintiff?With the administration taking the Fifth, it was left to Claudia to crawl through Leviathan s catacombs. In her New York Sun report on Monday, we learned that she hit pay dirt: stumbling upon a bizarre string of 13 identical money transfers of $99,999,999.99 each   yes, all of them one cent less than $100 million   paid out of an obscure Treasury Department stash known as the  Judgment Fund.  The transfers were made   to whom, it is not said   on January 19, just two days after the administration announced it had reached the $1.7 billion settlement with Iran. They aggregate to just 13 cents shy of $1.3 billion, the same amount the State Department claims Iran was owed in  interest  from the $400 million that our government had been holding since the shah deposited it in a failed arms deal just prior to the Khomeini revolution. So, stacked atop of the pallets of $400 million in foreign cash that Obama arranged to shuttle from Geneva to Tehran as ransom (or, as the administration prefers,  leverage ) for the release of American hostages   via an unmarked cargo plane belonging to Iran Air, a terrorist arm of the mullahs  terrorist coordinator, the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps   we now have a second whopping money transfer that (a) violates federal criminal laws against providing things of value to Iran and (b) looks like it was conceived by Nicky Barnes.Read more: NRO",0
16436,JUSTICE DEPARTMENT: Firing Workers With Expired Papers Is Discrimination? Outrageous! [Video],"Our Justice Department is beyond out of control to give 6 months extra to those who ve let their permission to work in America expire! How in the world is being negligent rewarded? Do these people have a personal responsibility to renew papers themselves?The goal ultimately is to make it harder and harder for companies to fire anyone.Sounds good for workers right? Well, it s a double edged sword. If it s harder to fire it s much harder to hire. Companies fearing being stuck with poor performers will choose to not hire or to automate.And check this video out:This is the sort of thing employers have to concern themselves with these days. Good luck keeping all the rules straight. But you d better or you might find yourself subject to a government inquiry.The video is shot in a dimly lit office, where two actors discuss whether their fictional company should let go of some Salvadoran employees who have failed to provide updated paperwork on their immigration status.After a discussion about whether retaining the workers would violate the law, a woman says,  I think this is an exception to that rule,  and recommends that they contact the the Office of Special Counsel for Immigration Related Unfair Employment Practices before making any decisions. We want to follow the rules but we don t want to lose these workers or discriminate against them,  she concludes.  They are too valuable.  ",0
16437,EPIPEN PRICE GOUGING CEO Tries To Explain Away Price Increase: “Fasts Are Inconvenient To Headlines” [Video],Nice try BUT WE RE NOT BUYIN  IT! ,0
16438,TREY GOWDY BREAKS DOWN What Clinton Hasn’t Answered To About Use Of Private E-mail Server [Video],"Trey Gowdy rips into the Clinton case of using a private e-mail  for convenience When you are habitual, serial liar in this facet of life it tends to make people not believe you in other facets of life  ",0
16439,CARELESS CLINTON AIDE Kept ‘Top Secret’ State Department Info In Unsafe Locations,"How careless are these people? Clinton s right-hand-woman was tossing documents in the back of a staff car! These documents were considered  burn bag  material which means they were classified! Is this carelessness a sign of the Clinton attitude of being above it all or was Abedin just not aware of the seriousness of her actions?Hillary Clinton s most trusted State Department aide Huma Abedin once left classified papers in the pocket behind the front seat of a staff car she was assigned in India, according to an email released Monday.Abedin wrote to Clinton s personal assistant Lauren Jiloty on July 20, 2009 to ask her to move the material to her trunk so an ambassador wouldn t see them when he rode with her in the back seat.She told Jiloty that the papers consisted of  burn stuff,  indicating that they were classified documents that belonged among materials that agency rules required employees to place in  burn bags  for incineration. I m going to have ambassador ride on next drive,  Abedin wrote to Jiloty in an email titled  Favor.    There s a bunch of burn stuff in the pocket of my front seat.    Can u put in trunk?  she asked.  Jiloty responded that she would take care of it.It s unclear how highly classified the material was. Three of the emails Clinton provided to the State Department from the private email server she used exclusively while she was secretary of state were classified at the  Top Secret  level or above. Unless Abedin planned to violate State Department rules regarding burn bags, the papers she referred to were unquestionably classified materials. The State Department s Foreign Affairs Manual directs that  burn bags must contain only the classified material that is to be destroyed.   Personal documents, trash, recyclable materials, metal objects (such as binder clips and acco fasteners), string, twine, spiral bindings, cleaning cloths, food, or any other object that is not classified material should not be placed in a burn bag.  Abedin wrote to Clinton s personal assistant Lauren Jiloty (pictured above) on July 20, 2009Read more: Daily Mail",0
16440,"DON’T EXPECT GOVERNMENT Or Black Lives Matter To Help: PRIVATE CITIZENS, FREE MARKET Provide Much Needed Help For Total Strangers In LA Flood","After Obama was embarrassed by Donald Trump acting more  presidential  than he, as Trump traveled to one of the poorest states in America bringing a semi-truck filled with needs for the LA flood victims. He finally managed to find his way off the golf course on Martha s Vineyard to visit the people who couldn t have cared less if he showed or not, by the time he got there. Like Trump said, it was  too little too late for Obama s phony photo-op.Of course, only Obama could turn the flood into a race issue. While refusing so far to survey the Louisiana flood disaster until days later, he did let state and local officials know that he s watching to make sure they don t engage in racial discrimination. In a 16-page guidance issued Tuesday, the Obama administration, led by the Justice Department, warned Louisiana recipients of federal disaster assistance against engaging in  unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin (including limited English proficiency). The guidance s frameworks  highlight the importance of complying with nondiscrimination requirements of civil rights statutes, addressing the needs of the whole community, and ensuring equal opportunity to access recovery efforts. Black residents should be asking where the thousands of Black Lives Matter protesters, who are so concerned about the lives of Blacks in America are when they really could ve used their help? George Soros, Al Sharpton and Barack are so good at organizing, why weren t they putting their heads together and coming up with a plan to help the poor black residents of LA who had lost everything they owned to the historic flooding? They can be organized in a very short time to create chaos, burn cities and loot, but where are they when they have an opportunity to do something positive for Blacks in LA? The recent flooding that hit Louisiana is the worst natural disaster to hit the United States since Hurricane Sandy hit New Jersey in 2012. So far we know that at least 13 are dead and tens of thousands were left homeless in the flooding. Even worse, most of those affected do not have flood insurance. Up to $21 billion worth of housing stock was wiped out by the deluge of rain.The recovery will be long and difficult in one of the poorest states in the country. There is the challenge of finding employment and housing for all these displaced people. Given the fact that Louisiana is a hot and humid state most of the year, there will also be the issues of dealing with mold and increased injuries as people try to rebuild.But one of the greatest stories of the Louisiana flooding is how the people and free markets are playing a role in helping to both rescue people and deliver relief much quicker than the government.Black patriot Arlene Barnum asks,  Where s the BlackLivesMatter men? Citizens to the RescueThe rains that swamped parts of Louisiana over a period of a few days were relentless. Local governments and first responders were overwhelmed with calls for help from people trapped in their homes by rising waters.#CajunNavy pic.twitter.com/hjScnNu7Gy  Ben Sanders (@BenSandersLaw) August 14, 2016Instead of waiting for the government to come rescue them, the people of Louisiana used their own privately-owned boats to save their neighbors. This  Cajun Navy  drew its ranks and fleet from Louisiana s large numbers of sportsmen. People who needed rescue contacted a Facebook group and the boats used smartphone apps such as the GPS app Glympse and the walkie talkie app Zello to coordinate. The  Cajun Navy  was responsible for saving the lives of thousands of Louisianians and their pets and livestock.#CajunNavy is shown deploying in this pic by Troy @gulfsails #BatonRougeFlood pic.twitter.com/P9yI0QRQoM  walter michot (@WalterMichot) August 15, 2016#CajunNavy doing what they can to help in #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/7nltb8Q1nU  Ashley Doan (@AshleyMDoan) August 15, 2016The people of Louisiana also distributed immediate relief to their displaced neighbors much more efficiently than the government was able to. One of the best examples of this was the conversion of a movie studio into a shelter housing over 2,000 people. The Celtic Media Centre is one of Louisiana s premier film production studios located in Baton Rouge, which was one of the cities hardest hit by the flooding. The studio s executive director, Patrick Mulhearn, saw how devastated his neighbors were by the high water and decided to open up Celtic as an emergency shelter.There were smaller examples of churches opening themselves up, without prodding by either the Red Cross or the state government, as storm shelters for those who lost everything. Such shelters are all over the parishes that were flooded, and have largely been stocked with supplies by volunteers all over the state. People are even taking donations to the parking lots of stores that were unaffected to bring food, water, and other supplies to the flood zone.People looking to donate supplies have been coordinating their relief efforts on Facebook and other social media. If people are looking to donate supplies, they can use social media to find places to drop them off. If people in other parts of the state and out of state want to donate, they re being directed on social media to places where they can help.Even while the streets of Louisiana flooded, trucks from Wal-Mart and UPS did not stop rolling. Wal-Mart, in particular, was able to use its corporate meteorologists to plan delivery routes and shift deliveries of much-needed supplies such as baby formula and water to the affected areas. UPS is able to prioritize delivery of items such as mail order prescription drugs. Companies are rushing supplies into the disaster area quicker than lethargic government agencies and the Red Cross.Motivated by HistoryIn 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Louisianians tried waiting on the government. That help never came and over 1,500 Louisianians died in the flood waters of New Orleans, St. Bernard Parish, Plaquemines Parish, and Jefferson Parish. The people of Louisiana learned the hard way that they had to rescue themselves.The people of Louisiana were motivated by a sense of community. While the Federal government was giving anti-discrimination lectures to flood victims, the Cajun Navy was rescuing people of all races. Louisiana has come together like never before.But it wasn t just the compassion of the people of Louisiana that saved lives. Companies which were seeking profit were also responsible. Everyone from the smartphone app developers to the retailers who provided the products to sustain and save lives played a role in this. Businesses and entrepreneurs meeting the needs of customers were literally lifesavers.For entire story: Kevin Boyd",0
16441,"VANISHED: FBI FILES Related To Mysterious “Suicide” Death Of Hillary’s Trusted WH Counsel, Vince Foster DISAPPEAR From National Archives","Corruption is nothing new for Hillary and Bill. What is truly stunning is the mountain of evidence that clearly shows their criminal behavior has been going on for decades How did documents describing Hillary Clinton s role in the death of White House counsel Vince Foster vanish?Foster is believed to have shot himself with a .38 caliber revolver at Fort Marcy Park along the Potomac River on July 20, 1993From NewsMax April 4, 2001. Vince Foster s Gun  Serial Number Searched Before DeathWhen Vince Foster was found dead from an apparent gunshot wound to the head in 1993, the government was quick to write off the death as a suicide.That sat well with Bill Clinton and Vince s closest confidante, Hillary Rodham Clinton.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.Recently, a NewsMax.com reader named Craig Brinkley contacted us.Curious about the gun, Brinkley had filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the FBI, asking details of requests on the gun s serial numbers with the NCIC   the National Crime Information Center.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to Brinkley s request.Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?We called Marilyn Walton at the FBI s Access Integrity Unit. She told us that the government does not disclose which law enforcement agencies requested a trace on the serial number. She said it could have been made by local or federal agencies who have access to the NCIC computer.She noted that serial numbers are often duplicated, and usually when a request is made, it includes additional information, such as the gun s make and model.In all four cases no such information was entered, just the number. Walton added that many guns share similar serial numbers.Is it a coincidence that in the year of Foster s death, four searches were conducted on the serial number found on the old gun   none ever before or after? Two former FBI agents involved in the investigation tell Daily Mail Online they issued reports linking Hillary s tirade to Foster s suicideIn interviewing Clinton White House aides and Foster s friends and family, the FBI found that a week before Foster s death, Hillary held a meeting at the White House with Foster and other top aides to discuss her proposed health care legislation.Hillary angrily disagreed with a legal objection Foster raised at the meeting and ridiculed him in front of his peers, former FBI agent Coy Copeland and former FBI supervisory agent Jim Clemente told me. Copeland was Starr s senior investigator and read the reports of other agents working for Starr.During the White House meeting, Hillary continued to humiliate Foster mercilessly, according to both former FBI agents, who spoke about the investigation for the first time. Hillary put him down really, really bad in a pretty good-size meeting,  Copeland says.  She told him he didn t get the picture, and he would always be a little hick town lawyer who was obviously not ready for the big time. Indeed, Hillary went so far as to blame Foster for all the Clintons  problems and to accuse him of failing them, according to Clemente, who was also assigned by the FBI to the Starr investigation and who probed the circumstances surrounding Foster s suicide. Foster was profoundly depressed, but Hillary lambasting him was the final straw because she publicly embarrassed him in front of others,  says Clemente. Hillary blamed him for failed nominations, claimed he had not vetted them properly, and said in front of his White House colleagues,  You re not protecting us  and  You have failed us,  Clemente says.  That was the final blow. After the White House meeting, Foster s behavior changed dramatically, the FBI agents found. Those who knew him said his voice sounded strained, he became withdrawn and preoccupied, and his sense of humor vanished. At times, Foster teared up. He talked of feeling trapped.On Tuesday, July 13, 1993, while having dinner with his wife Lisa, Foster broke down and began to cry. He said he was considering resigning.Archived material related to the case, housed at National Archives in College Park, Md. were examined by the author to no availAfter filing a Freedom of Information request, it was determined that the agents  reported have gone missing FBI agents  reports of interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered his suicide a week later are missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives, Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively.On two separate occasions, this author visited the National Archives and Records Service in College Park, Md., to review the reports generated by FBI agents assigned to investigate the 1993 death of Bill Clinton s deputy White House counsel.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death.On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office   the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email. We did not limit ourselves to interviews by the two individuals [FBI agents] you mention. While Murphy said the archives searched for  the records that would be responsive to your request  and concluded that they could not be found, when asked for comment, John Valceanu, the archives  director of communications and marketing, said,  We do not agree with your conclusion that the records you requested are missing from the National Archives simply because we were unable to locate any responsive records in response to your request. While confirming that the records could not be located, Valceanu held out the possibility that the FBI interviews were not filed where they should have been and were somewhere else in the more than 3,000 boxes of records amounting to 7.5 million pages generated by the Starr investigation.This is not the first time documents related to the Clintons have apparently vanished from the National Archive.In March 2009, the archives found that an external hard drive from the Bill Clinton White House containing confidential documents was missing.When it could not be located, the inspector general s office announced that it had opened a criminal investigation.Offering a reward of up to $50,000 for information leading to recovery of the hard drive, the archives asked that tips be reported to the Secret Service. At the time, the archives said it had a backup drive.Via: Daily Mail ",0
16442,EXTORTION? HOW IRAN Used Nuke Deal To Force Obama To Retreat From Embarrassing “Red Line” Threat To Syria,"If I were a European and was forced to deal with the massive influx of Muslim refugees from Syria, I d be pointing the finger at President Obama, who clearly can t himself when it comes to caving to Iran.Foreign Affairs journalist for the Wall Street journal, Jay Solomon told MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell that Iran actually threatened to end nuke talks if Obama enforced his  red line  threat with Iran:.@WSJSolomon: Iran threatened to end nuclear talks if @POTUS enforced red line against Assad after chemical attack: pic.twitter.com/czFeFA2K10  Kenan Rahmani   (@KenanRahmani) August 22, 2016",0
16443,JUDGE JEANINE RIPS DEMOCRATS: What Have Democrats Done For Minorities? [VIDEO],The truth is what you get with this judge! We love her! Judge Jeanine rips into the Democrats:,0
16444,DHS SECRETARY GETS HAMMERED With “Where’s Obama” Questions…You Won’t Believe His Excuse!,"We know where Obama s been and what he s doing for crying out loud BUT Jeh Johnson thinks Americans don t have TV s or computers to see the news. OBAMA HAS PLAYED GOLF EVERY DAY FOR 9 DAYS! You d think he could get his a$$ down to Louisiana to visit the flood victims! He s just too busy? Lame!Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson visited Louisiana yesterday to reassure local officials and citizens in the state that President Obama cared about the victims of the devastating floods.When asked by reporters during a press conference if President Barack Obama would take time from his vacation to visit the state, Johnson was unable to commit. As I said, the president can t be everywhere, I know he has a very busy schedule this fall and in the coming days,  Johnson said.Read more: Breitbart",0
16445,NEW DOCUMENTS: Hillary And State Department Aides Ignored Important “Mandatory” Training,"Hillary Clinton and her aides must have felt like  mandatory  didn t apply to them they were obviously reminded several times about the ethics training they were required to take but chose to ignore it. Not that it would have helped these corrupt people The State Department has no evidence showing Hillary Clinton or the majority of her top aides at the department complied with mandatory ethics training. McClatchy reports newly released documents show just three of Clinton s aides took the required training:State Department records show only three of nine top Clinton aides took the mandated training for new employees. Records also suggest that none of seven top aides required to take subsequent annual training completed it.No records indicate whether Clinton herself took any training. The Republican National Committee made an FOIA request for the documents last December. When the State Department did not respond within the 90-day deadline, the RNC filed a lawsuit. Today the documents the RNC received in response to the lawsuit were released. The RNC press release reads in part:While the State Department s production demonstrated some senior officials met some of their obligations under the law, no records showing completion of annual ethics training were found for Hillary Clinton or the following top aides:Cheryl Mills Huma Abedin Jake Sullivan Dennis Cheng Anne Marie Slaughter Philippe Reines Caitlin Klevorick Kris Bladerston One of the documents released today is an email exchange in which someone named Angela Jordan informs Huma Abedin that she has yet to complete annual ethics training for 2012. The email, which is dated January 17, 2013, reads in part:Hello HumaOur records indicate that you have not completed Ethics Training for 2012. Per Federal Regulation, all financial disclosure filers must receive annual trainings. If you have taken the training online or with an ethics attorney, please provide the approximate date. Two days later, Huma responds,  Angela heather samuelson has my financial disclosure form.  Jordan replies,  am not talking about your Financial Disclosure Form am talking about your Ethics training.  Huma s final response is,  Okay I wasn t aware. I ll go online.  Apparently there is no record Abedin completing the training. The exchange concluded about a week before Hillary Clinton left her post as Secretary of State.Read more: Hot Air",0
16446,WATCH “ARCHITECT” OF OBAMACARE Lie And Spin His Way Out Of Taking Responsibility For Failure…A Real PUTZ! [Video],"Listening to Zeke Emanuel, awkward brother of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, is always a study in the absurdities of politics. This guy is supposedly the architect of Obamacare but he s just one big jackwagon.Can you believe we ve had people like this determining the healthcare policy for all Americans? He s now providing cover for the failing Obamacare exchanges. Aetna is the latest to essentially withdraw from all but four of the state exchanges for which it had been providing health insurance under Obamacare. Not a success but you wouldn t know it from all the finger pointing going on with this putz.HERE S ZEKE TRYING TO BLAME HIS FAILURE ON POLITICS NICE TRY BUT WE RE NOT BUYIN  IT: ",0
16447,HOW WOULD YOU DEFEND YOUR FAMILY FROM VIOLENT RIOTERS? Think It Can’t Happen To You…Think Again!,"Run, yes run, to the nearest gun store and buy a gun to protect your family. This may sound extreme but we are in extreme times because of a very divisive president who s condoned domestic terrorism from a group hell bent on destruction. You can choose to be a sitting duck or not A multi-block neighborhood in north Milwaukee erupted into rioting, looting, and arson after minority residents affiliated with Black Lives Matter used the death of an armed violent criminal to justify a crime spree. The rioting, looting, and arson followed the officer-involved shooting death of 23-year-old gang-affiliated felon named Sylville K Smith. Smith turned towards a black police officer with a stolen gun in his hand and was fatally shot.The criminals who rioted in Milwaukee last won t get another chance to to wage war against civil society without a fight.Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has activated the National Guard to help police should further rioting erupt in a predominantly black Milwaukee neighbourhood where police killed an armed suspect.The Sherman Park neighbourhood, which has a reputation for poverty and crime, appeared calm hours after businesses were burned, cars set ablaze and gunshots fired overnight by demonstrators angered by the police killing.Seventeen people were arrested in the disturbances, Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn said.Four police officers were treated for injuries and released from hospitals.Chief Walker said the Guard would be  in a position to aid local law enforcement upon request.  Unfortunately, the response comes almost 24 hours too late.One of the terrifying realities of an interconnected digital age is that radicals can easily and quickly organize flash riots. They can descend on an area with little or no warning in large numbers, commit significant felony acts in a short amount of time, and then disappear before law enforcement can mount a significant response.This new reality leaves citizens in a position where virtually any urban or suburban neighborhood community can find itself turned into a flashpoint for a riot within hours, before local authorities have the opportunity to recognize an escalating threat, much less mobilize, equip, and deploy their forces in effective numbers.Now more than ever, you may find yourself and your neighbors forced to band together and defend your homes, businesses, and lives, just as Korean shopkeepers famously did in the 1992 Los Angeles riots, and residents, storekeepers, and Oathkeepers did in Ferguson in 2014.A Ferguson store owner prepared to defend his store during on of the recent riots in Ferguson, Missouri.It probably won t come as a surprise to anyone that the firearms best suited for keeping these violent mobs at bay are the very firearms that anti-gun Democrats are so fervently attempting to ban.AR-15An AR-15 is among the most effective possible firearms against murderous, arson-minded rioters in suburban and urban situations.Equipped with a low variable-power scope to help discern threats, a bright tactical light to clearly identify threats, and 30-round magazines, a law-abiding citizen is well-equipped to take on mobs primarily armed with handguns, impact weapons, and molotov cocktails.The same general rules of engagement apply during riot as they would at any other time. You may not use deadly force upon another human being unless they pose an imminent deadly force threat to you or a third-party.That noted, the willingness of these rioters to use deadly force is unquestioned. They have fired shots at police and citizens, and they have shown that they are willing to torch buildings with little or no thought to the lives inside those structures.This creates a plausible scenario where a citizen sees rioters about to put lives at risk up to several block away, justifying a much-longer-than-normal third-party self defense shot of dozens to hundreds of yards.If you do not yet own a quality AR-15 (or similar rifle) with good low-powered scopes or a red dot optic, a decent weapon-mounted light, other required accouterments and the training to use these carbines for the defense of your family and community, you may want to consider if you re making a mistake.Increasingly, it may be the responsibility of armed citizens to save their communities from violent mobs when law enforcement cannot mobilize fast enough to prevent attacks that are nothing more or less than domestic terrorism.Be prepared.Via: Bearing Arms",0
16448,TRUMP’S WISCONSIN SPEECH Knocks It Out Of The Park: “The War On Our Police Must End” [Video],Donald Trump gave a rousing speech in Wisconsin last night that should be considered a turning point in his campaign. It was fantastic! He delivered a speech about law and order but mostly about Americans coming together to do better and offered a sincere plea to the black voter. Well done! ,0
16449,OBAMA RELEASES 15 More Dangerous Terrorists To Go Commit More Terror…Bin Laden Bodyguard Included! [Video],Osama Bin Laden s bodyguard and 14 other terrorists were released to the UAE today more insanity from Obama!,0
16450,OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS Takes Toll On Black Communities: Young Girl Cries Over #BlackLivesMatter Violence In Her Milwaukee Neighborhood [VIDEO],"Communities like Ferguson, Baltimore and now Milwaukee, didn t ask for this war on cops, it was thrust upon them. It was organized, paid for and well-orchestrated by Obama and other Democrats players from a variety of backgrounds. Former Attorney General Eric Holder was caught paying protesters with taxpayer money to come to Sanford, FL to march against George Zimmerman in the Trayvon Martin case that got Obama s Race War/War on Cops started back in March, 2012. With so many stories about the violence and crime coming out of Milwaukee, a bright ray of hope comes from a prayer rally created by a community torn apart by Obama s war on cops.A young girl bravely speaks out against the violence in her neighborhood. The sadness and despair in her shaking voice is truly heartbreaking. These people are trapped in a neighborhood overrun with crime, violence and despair. They re trapped in a neighborhood run by greedy Democrat politicians who have substituted government control for self-respect and dignity. They have taken away these citizens desire to do better, they have stripped them of the belief that they truly can escape their situation. They ve set up Planned Parenthood abortion mills on every corner to keep their population down and have given them just enough to sustain themselves, but not too much to escape government control.Rotten school officials and union leaders tasked with improving their education are only out for themselves, always looking for the next pay raise or special perk that comes with the job. What these self-serving politicians and school administrators are giving to these communities of mostly fatherless kids are a poor education, low self-esteem and no hope for a better life.These young adults are choosing a life of crime over a job. They re choosing to drop out of school instead of getting a job at a local fast-food restaurant while attending a local community college or technical training center. These young adults don t know, or understand the value of sacrificing today for a future tomorrow, because the Democratic Party has convinced them they don t need to worry about the future. They ve convinced them they don t need to be self-sufficient. The only thing they need is the government and that s enough. That s also the reason this frightened little girl seen in the video below, is trapped in this tragic neighborhood filled with violence and crime and may never get out as long as Democrats continue to fool the voters in these crime-ridden cities they are on their side.Thank goodness these citizens, (who are truly a ray of hope in these uncertain times) are able to turn to God for guidance and to ask for protection for their community, and for law enforcement officers who keep their neighborhoods safe. ",0
16451,"OBAMA’S GITMO BOARD RELEASES “High Risk” Explosive’s Expert, Al-Qaeda Trainer","While Obama golfs in Martha s Vineyard, yet another  decision is made to allow a terrorist to return to his homeland. Way to honor our troops who have lost their lives to these evil men Barry President Barack Obama s multi-agency Periodic Review Board (PRB) has approved an al Qaeda-linked Algerian prisoner for release from the U.S. military detention center in Guant namo Bay, Cuba, conceding that the jihadist  presents some level of threat. However, PRB claims that the threat posed by the 43-year-old, Sufiyan Barhoumi, can be  adequately mitigated,  in part due to  his lack of extremist views. At one point, the Pentagon deemed the prisoner to be  high risk,  linked to key al Qaeda leadership, and accused him of participating in  hostilities against the US and coalition forces. Barhoumi was identified by the Pentagon as an explosive s expert and Al-Qaeda trainer.He has been held at Guant namo since mid June 2002 and on Tuesday became the second detainee to be approved for release by the Gitmo board after presenting a letter of support from a former guard, notes the Miami Herald.In a statement announcing its latest decision, Obama s parole board notes:The Board recommends repatriation to Algeria due to the detainees strong family support and Algeria s strong record in prior transfers, with security appropriate security assurances as negotiated by the Special Envoys and agreed by relevant USG [US government] departments and agencies.Algeria has been listed by the U.S. government as a terrorism-linked country.Barhoumi presented PRB with a detailed plan to open a pizza shop near his mom in the Algerian capital of Algiers, reports the Miami Herald.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
16452,HACKED! COMMIE GEORGE SOROS Hacked By DC Leaks!,"Thank you DC Leaks! It s about time George Soros  Open Society organization was hacked!DC leaks had this to say about Soros:George Soros is a Hungarian-American business magnate, investor, philanthropist, political activist and author who is of Hungarian-Jewish ancestry and holds dual citizenship.He drives more than 50 global and regional programs and foundations. Soros is named as the architect and sponsor of almost every revolution and coup around the world for the last 25 years. Thanks to him and his puppets USA is thought to be a vampire, not a lighthouse of freedom and democracy. His slaves spill blood of millions and millions people just to make him even more rich. Soros is an oligarch sponsoring Democratic party, Hillary Clinton, hundreds of politicians all over the world.This website is designed to let everyone take a look at restricted documents of George Soros  Open Society Foundation and related organisations. It represents workplans, strategies, priorities and other activities of Soros. These documents shed light on one of the most influential network operating worldwide.Information is available online at DC LeaksThere are tons of files available to look over   The Goals of Soros  group are listed and target groups listed too:",0
16453,BILL CLINTON STEPS IN IT: Accuses FBI Of Serving Up A “Load Of Bull”,"Oh boy! This is getting good! Bill Clinton is now accusing the FBI of serving up a  load of bull  in the comments about the investigation into Hillary s e-mails. How idiotic is it to publicly slam the FBI? I guess  Slick Willy  isn t so slick anymore. all we have to say about this is KEEP ON TALKIN  SLICK WILLY!Bill Clinton is accusing the FBI director of serving up  the biggest load of bull I ve ever heard    marking the first significant public comments from the husband of the Democratic nominee on the scandal that s plagued his wife s campaign for over a year. First of all, the FBI director said, when he testified before Congress, he had to amend his previous day s statement that she had never received any emails marked classified,  Clinton told journalists at an Asian American Journalists Association meeting in Las Vegas on Friday, making a strong defense for Hillary Clinton.He added,  They saw two little notes with a  C  on it   this is the biggest load of bull I ve ever heard   that were about telephone calls that she needed to make. The State Department typically puts a little  C  on it to discourage people from discussing it in public in the event the secretary of state, whoever it is, doesn t make a telephone call. Does that sound threatening to the national security to you? VIA: NYP",0
16454,WATCH HILLARY CLINTON Go Full On Socialist…Your Hard Earned Money Isn’t Yours! [Video],The Death Tax is the hard earned money you have to pass on to the government when you die. Wouldn t you rather your children receive that money instead of the feds? Donald Trump thinks so but Hillary goes full on socialist describing what she would do with Trump s money when he dies. It s really disgusting! ,0
16455,COL OLIVER NORTH: FIVE FACTS That Prove Obama’s Policies Led To The Rise Of ISIS [Video],Col Oliver North lists the 5 irrefutable facts that confirm that Obama s policies led to the rise of ISIS. Please watch and share! ,0
16456,REVELATION THAT WILL SHOCK International Security World: VIDEO Captured From Inside Sophisticated ISLAMIC TERROR Technology Lab,"Remote controlled car bombs are being constructed for countries where suicide bombers are scarce. The only thing they need are some radical Islamists to set the vehicles in motion. With our wide open borders and generous Refugee Resettlement Program (which brings hundreds of thousands of men and woman coming from countries who hate us to live in America on our dime) it shouldn t be too hard to implement their terror plans. Terror group Islamic State is employing scientists and weapons experts to train jihadists to carry out sophisticated  spectacular  attacks in Europe, while also modifying weapons systems capable of targeting passenger jets and military aircraft.From a  jihadi university  in the Syrian city of Raqqa, the scientists have stunned western weapons experts by producing a homemade thermal battery for surface-to-air missiles.It had been regarded as a virtually impossible feat for terror groups working without a military infrastructure.But footage exclusively obtained by Sky News shows that IS can now recommission thousands of missiles assumed by western governments to have been redundant through old age.Heat-seeking warheads can be used to attack passenger and military aircraft. They are 99% accurate once locked on.For decades terror groups, including the IRA, had these weapons but storing them and maintaining the thermal battery   a key component to the warhead   was very difficult.It seems that IS scientists have got round the problem, and that revelation will shock the world of international security.The IS research and development team has produced fully working remote controlled cars to act as mobile bombs, while they have fitted the cars with  drivers ; mannequins with self-regulating thermostats to produce the heat signature of humans, allowing the car bombs to evade sophisticated scanning machines that protect military and government buildings in the West.Here is a stunning video actually showing Islamic State terrorists testing their inventions:The group trained fighters from a variety of countries to carry out attacks and to train more jihadists in their own countries.An IS trainer with more than eight hours of unedited training videos was captured by the remnants of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) as he headed north through Turkey towards Europe.The FSA passed the material to Sky News but was not aware of the importance of the videos, described by a weapons adviser to the British military as an intelligence  gold mine .Using aerial and satellite imagery Sky News has identified the location of the  university  and pieced together the apparently random collection of video files to reveal the true extent of IS s sophisticated development and training team.Although this type of activity had been widely suspected by western intelligence services, this is the first concrete evidence that it is taking place.Crucially, it is far more developed than had previously been thought possible.Groups of trainees from a range of countries including Syria, Iraq, Sudan, Somalia, Tunisia, Egypt and Pakistan were given terror training courses using science labs and facilities based around the former Equestrian Centre in Raqqa. Via: Skye News",0
16457,JUDGE JEANINE Tells Us What The Smoking Gun Is In The Clinton Foundation [Video],"Judge Jeanine gives us facts on the relationship between our State Department and The Clinton Foundation 12,000 e-mails between the two! The smoking gun for anyone who cares about corruption and lawlessness in politics is the outright MONEY LAUNDERING via 12,000 e-mails that went on! ",0
16458,SCARY! LEAKED EMAIL PROVES Radical Billionaire Donor GEORGE SOROS Was Pulling Sec Of State Hillary Clinton’s Strings On Foreign Policy,"It was announced last week that George Soros was donating over $25 MILLION to Hillary s campaign. Today we find out that George Soros is making decisions for Hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.More leaked e-mails from Hillary Clinton during her time as Secretary of State now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire George Soros.WikiLeaks latest email leak shows how Soros had a direct line to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.How can we ever trust Hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical, George Soros?Here is the content of the email. (A screen shot of the actual email can be found below): Dear Hillary, A serious situation has arisen in Albania which needs urgent attention at senior levels of the US government. You may know that an opposition demonstration in Tirana on Friday resulted in the deaths of three people and the destruction of property. There are serious concerns about further unrest connected to a counter-demonstration to be organized by the governing party on Wednesday and a follow-up event by the opposition two days later to memorialize the victims. The prospect of tens of thousands of people entering the streets in an already inflamed political environment bodes ill for the return of public order and the country s fragile democratic process. ",0
16459,“AM I NOT SPEAKING ENGLISH?”…REPORTER RIPS Into State Department Rep Over Evasive Answers On Clinton E-mails [Video],"We love AP Reporter Matt Lee! He is a lone voice in the effort to get the truth from our government the Stae Department spokespeople are unbelievable in their evasiveness! How do these reporters get any truth? Well, they don t it goes in a circle as you ll see in the video below. Ugh!A newly released State Department email features Clinton Foundation-related requests, raising potential ethical issues about the Clinton Foundation during Hillary Clinton s four years as Secretary of State. So that s what a bunch of reporters confronted State spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau about yesterday.Three separate reporters starting with NBC s Abigail Williams asked Trudeau about whether there was any improper relationship between State and the Clinton Foundation. Trudeau repeatedly downplayed the emails and said the department is  regularly in touch  with a wide range of people.One reporter pointed out that Clinton had  made a pledge  not to involve herself with the foundation while she was Secretary of State. Trudeau shot back that the agreement did not preclude others from talking to foundation staff.At one point, as another reporter the AP s Matt Lee was getting frustrated with the lack of answers, he said this: I m sorry, are you   am I not speaking English? Is this   I mean, is it coming across as a foreign   I m not asking you if   no one is saying it s not okay or it s bad for the department to get a broad variety of input from different people. Asking   the question is whether or not you have determined that there was nothing improper here. We love you Matt Lee! ",0
16460,CRONY CORRUPT POLITICS: Obama Admin BLOCKED FBI From Doing A Clinton Foundation Investigation,"The information is spilling out little by little but we now know that HILLARY CLINTON put America s National Security at risk when she peddled influence for money using our State Department. Is there any doubt that she s lived up to her name  Crooked Hillary ? What s even worse is that the FBI wanted to investigate The Clinton Foundation but Obama s DOJ blocked the investigation. This is exactly why an outsider like Donald Trump is what we need ASAP!The Trump campaign seized on reports Thursday that the Obama administration rejected requests from three FBI field offices that wanted to open public corruption cases involving the Clinton Foundation and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. After banks alerted the field offices to suspicious activity involving the Clinton family charity, the FBI wanted to investigate conflicts of interest stemming from foreign donations during Mrs. Clinton s tenure as secretary of state, CNN reported.  Today s news that President Obama s Department of Justice overruled three separate DOJ field offices and the FBI in declining to open a public corruption charge against the Clinton Foundation shows a troubling pattern of Obama and Clinton politicizing any government institution for their own personal political interests,  Trump campaign spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement.   This latest refusal to allow even a cursory investigation into the Clinton Foundation s pay-for-play dealings smacks of political favoritism. This is exactly why the American public has lost trust in the U.S. government and is ready to elect an outsider like Donald Trump,  Mr. Miller said. Read more: WT",0
16461,PRICELESS! UNHINGED FEMINIST Goes Ballistic On Trump Spokesperson [Video],A feminist supporter of Hillary Clinton was on CNN to give her commentary on the Orlando terrorist s father being in the crowd at a Clinton rally. She goes ballistic when called out by a Trump spokesperson it s pretty crazyAND priceless! ,0
16462,TRUMP TELLS THOUSANDS At FL Rally “Barack Hussein Obama Is Founder of ISIS…Hillary Is Co-Founder” [VIDEO],"For anyone who thinks Trump s comments have crossed over the line, perhaps they ve forgotten about the Obama supported  Arab Spring  in Egypt that resulted in the violent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak who was replaced by the radical Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Morsi. And that s just one example Donald Trump accused President Barack Obama on Wednesday of founding the Islamic State group that is wreaking havoc from the Middle East to European cities. A moment later, on another topic, he referred to the president by his full legal name: Barack Hussein Obama. In many respects, you know, they honor President Obama,  Trump said during a raucous campaign rally outside Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  He is the founder of ISIS. He repeated the allegation three more times for emphasis.The Republican presidential nominee in the past has accused his opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, of founding the militant group. As he shifted the blame to Obama on Wednesday, he said  crooked Hillary Clinton  was actually the group s co-founder.Trump has long blamed Obama and his former secretary of state   Clinton   for pursuing Mideast policies that created a power vacuum in Iraq that was exploited by IS, another acronym for the group. He s sharply criticized Obama for announcing he would pull U.S. troops out of Iraq, a decision that many Obama critics say created the kind of instability in which extremist groups like IS thrive.The White House declined to comment on Trump s accusation.The Islamic State group began as Iraq s local affiliate of al-Qaida, the group that attacked the U.S. on Sept. 11, 2001. The group carried out massive attacks against Iraq s Shiite Muslim majority, fueling tensions with al-Qaida s central leadership. The local group s then-leader, Jordanian-born Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed in 2006 in a U.S. airstrike but is still seen as the Islamic State group s founder.Trump s accusation   and his use of the president s middle name, Hussein   echoed previous instances where he s questioned Obama s loyalties.In June, when a shooter who claimed allegiance to IS killed 49 people in an Orlando, Florida, nightclub, Trump seemed to suggest Obama was sympathetic to the group when he said Obama  doesn t get it, or he gets it better than anybody understands.  In the past, Trump has also falsely suggested Obama is a Muslim or was born in Kenya, where Obama s father was from. Via: AP",0
16463,WATCH DAN BONGINO CALL OUT CNN HOST For Ridiculous Bias Against Trump’s 2A Comments [Video],Bravo! It s about time some of the conservatives shot back (no pun intended) at the liberal pundits who re doing everything they can to bury Trump. It s gotten so out of hand! Dan Bongino goes at it with Don Lemon Awesome! ,0
16464,"How Is Panama’s “Migrant Crisis” Giving A FREE PASS TO THE U.S. To Anyone From Asia, Cuba, Africa, Haiti…When Did We Become The World’s Dumping Ground?","Let this sink in The word has been out for some time now that the US borders are open. Now we have the President of Panama giving an even bigger free pass to ANYONE  to come to America. We are going to be Europe soon Obama is making sure of it Panama promised to help hundreds of migrants who have crossed its jungle border from Colombia to carry on toward the United States.President Juan Carlos Varela on Tuesday said Panama would make an exception to its immigration restrictions for migrants who have recently crossed into Panama s Darien jungle. The border will remain closed to irregular migrants, but those that are using these points to cross and have already reached our territory will be given humanitarian assistance so they can continue on their way,  he said. Panama will not allow anyone who has crossed into our country to die on our territory,  he added, in a public speech.Around 800 US-bound migrants, most of them from Haiti, Africa, Asia and Cuba, are in dense jungle on the Panama-Colombia border, Varela said Friday.He described it as  another migration crisis. A further 2,500 are stranded in Panama s northern neighbor, Costa Rica, since the next country on the trail, Nicaragua, has tightened immigration controls.Colombian authorities say they have deported thousands of migrants trying to reach Panama from its northern territory.Varela said last week that many of the migrants were Haitians who had gone to Brazil after a 2010 earthquake devastated their country.Brazil s current deep recession has driven them to try to get to the United States through Central America. Via: france24",0
16465,BAM! RUDY GIULIANI Does A Number On Political Hack George Stephanopoulos [Video],"Rudy is the best! He stays on message and was there when the Trump speech and comment happened. BASED RUDY: Rudy Giuliani on Hillary's campaign inviting Omar Mateen's father and MSM's orchestrated narrative pic.twitter.com/k94FbotmWA  Viktor Fiel (@ViktorFiel) August 10, 2016 ",0
16466,HERE’S WHAT HILLARY’S “FAIR GROWTH” Economic Plan Means For Americans [Video],"If you ve never heard Betsy McCaughey speak   you re in for a treat! She was one of the most outspoken and honest people warning us about Obamacare. She actually read the entire bill and then picked it apart. She s smart and very straightforward. Now, she s warning us about what a Hillary administration would do to our economy: ",0
16467,HILLARY CLINTON BRAVELY VOWS To Stand Up To Something That…Doesn’t Exist,Can you believe this? This is ridiculous! No one is denying we have a climate and that it changes. The left thinks up the most idiotic terms ,0
16468,BREAKING: Did Hillary’s Unsecured CLASSIFIED EMAILS Cause Execution Of Iranian Accused Of Working With U.S.? [VIDEO],"Will the State Department ever tell the truth and prove that careless, reckless, lying Hillary was responsible for his death? A State Department spokeswoman dodged questions Monday about whether the discussion of Shahram Amiri, an Iranian scientist who was executed by the Iranian government for working with the U.S., in a pair of Hillary Clinton s private emails may have played a role in his recent fate. We re not going to comment on what may have led to this event,  said Elizabeth Trudeau, a State Department spokeswoman. I couldn t speak to Iranian judicial procedures related to this specific case,  Trudeau said.  We ve made our concerns known writ large around Iranian due process. She noted the State Department had been  very public about this case when [Amiri] chose to return to Iran,  pointing to a press conference Clinton gave in July 2010.In those remarks, Clinton compared Amiri s ability to leave the U.S. on  his own free will  with Iran s decision  to hold three young Americans against their will.  She did not reference the scientist s work with the U.S. government.But emails made public in August show State Department aides referring to Amiri as  our friend.  An Iranian official was quoted attributing Amiri s execution to his collusion with the  Great Satan,  America.  Washington Examiner",0
16469,WAPO DOES HONEST HIT-JOB ON HILLARY’S Failed Jobs Promise While NY Senator,"This is rich! Left-leaning Washington Post does a hit job on Hillary: JUST THE FACTS ARE PROVIDED EXPOSING THE LIES OF THE CLINTON PROMISE TO CREATE 200,00 JOBS:In her presidential bid, Hillary Clinton has made job creation a centerpiece of her platform, casting herself as a pragmatist who would inspire  the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II. Her argument that she would put more Americans to work has focused on her time in the Senate, when she took on the mission of creating jobs in chronically depressed Upstate New York. As her husband, former president Bill Clinton, put it recently, she became the region s  de facto economic development officer. But nearly eight years after Clinton s Senate exit, there is little evidence that her economic development programs had a substantial impact on upstate employment. Despite Clinton s efforts, upstate job growth stagnated overall during her tenure, with manufacturing jobs plunging nearly 25 percent, according to jobs data.The former first lady was unable to pass the big-ticket legislation she introduced to benefit the upstate economy. She turned to smaller-scale projects, but some of those fell flat after initial glowing headlines, a Washington Post review shows. Many promised jobs never materialized and others migrated to other states as she turned to her first presidential run, said former officials who worked with her in New York.Clinton s self-styled role as economic promoter also showcases an operating style that has come to define the political and money-making machine known to some critics of the former first couple as Clinton Inc. Some of her pet economic projects involved loyal campaign contributors, who also supported the Clinton FoundationREAD MORE: WAPO",0
16470,LIVE STREAM: DONALD TRUMP Full Economic Plan Speech At Noon EST…This’ll Make Liberal Heads Explode! [Video],"Donald Trump is making a key speech on the economy and his plan to turn it around. It might not be what liberals want but it s a pro-growth plan with deregulation and lower taxes! You gotta love that! Trump has promised to unveil a new policy agenda for  revitalizing the American economy  in a speech Monday at the Detroit Economic Club. The plan will include major changes to U.S. energy policy that will make the country the biggest producer in the world of oil and gas, as well as coal, Moore said. Read more: Bloomberg",0
16471,CNN ANCHOR Shockingly Tries To Support Obama’s Iran Ransom Payment…Over and Over! [Video],CNN is ridiculous but this is insane! Check out the anchor and how he tries to legitimize the Iran ransom unreal! ,0
16472,BREAKING: Julian Assange Reveals MORE Bombshell Information On Clinton And Connections To ISIS [Video],"Julian Assange on Hillary Clinton in an interview with Russia Today (VIDEO BELOW):Rattansi: If there is any illegality in the pending emails you will release or malfesance in what you alreaday released President Obama could presumably act on it and get Hillary Clinton charged? Regardless on whether you are about to release any email which would mean that James Comey and the FBI would have no alternative but to arrest Hillary Clinton?Assange: Our view which we have already stated is if the evidence that the FBI has is enough for a grand jury to indict already  But a prosecutor has to ask a grand jury to indict. And if a prosecutor doesn t ask, a grand jury won t indict. The US government at the times when Hillary Clinton was in charge of the foreign policy did use Libya as a conduit to get arms to jihadists in Syria. That is well-established not just by a range of raw materials but also by   investigative reporters in the US, some of which were even published in The New York Times. La Farge, which is   giant transnational concrete company was involved in Syria. There are more than 350 La Farge related emails in our Syria emails release. The investigations by Le Monde reveals that they paid ISIS money, taxes for their operations in certain areas, were engaged in a variety of business deals with ISIS. Money from La Farge in 2015 and 2016 went to Hillary Clinton foundation. There is actually a long-term relationship between La Farge and Clinton; she was a member of the board. There is also an extensive relationship between Hillary Clinton and Saudi Arabia , between the Clinton Foundation and Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is probably the largest single donor to the Clinton Foundation and you can see Clinton s arms export policies when she was a secretary of state favoring extensively Saudi Arabia.  ",0
16473,JUDGE JEANINE IS FURIOUS! “Hillary Won’t Stop Lying!” [VIDEO],Can you blame her for losing her cool with Crooked Lying Hillary? Share this with all of your  undecided  friends!https://youtu.be/CCkXOix0g2Y,0
16474,DID OBAMA COMMIT A FELONY When He Sent $400 Million To Iran? [Video],Fox News Senior Judicial Analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano discusses whether it s unlawful for the U.S. to pay Iran $400 million as ransom. ,0
16475,WATCH: IRAN Made VIDEOTAPE Of Secret $400 Million Ransom Cash-Drop From U.S. To Mock Obama’s Embarrassing Incompetence [VIDEO],"It s starting to get old but Trump was right again   Iranian state-run media in Tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a January 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the United States   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the Islamic republic. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on Wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.He admitted Friday morning on Twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier, that he had seen ordinary archival footage of a different plane, carrying American hostages freed from Iran arriving in Geneva Switzerland after the money changed hands. But it turns out he may have been right without knowing it.The Iranian video was aired February 15 on the state-run Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting television network, as part of a documentary called  Rules of the Game.  A narrator, speaking in Persian, describes a money-for-hostages transaction over video clips of a plane on an airport tarmac in the dead of night and a photo of a giant shipping pallet stacked with what appear to be banknotes.The federal government shipped what many are calling a ransom payment in Euros and other non-U.S. currencies.The copy of the documentary footage DailyMail.com obtained is not of high enough quality to determine which nation s banknotes are depicted.None of the footage is stamped with a date or time, making it impossible to know when it was shot.And the broadcaster blurred out one portion of the screen, covering up something resting on top of the mountain of money.But the documentary begins with a narration saying:  In the early morning hours of January 17, 2016 at Mehrabad Airport, $400 million in cash was transported to Iran on an airplane. The film describes the Obama administration s prisoner swap and Iran s cash windfall from Tehran s point of view as  a win-lose deal that benefits the Islamic Republic of Iran and hurts the United States,  according to two English-language translations DailyMail.com obtained. Via: Daily Mail ",0
16476,FIRE THIS MAN! STATE DEPARTMENT ASSHAT Mocks Reporters And Obama’s “Transparency” At Briefing [Video],How unfunny! Does this not tell you something about the jackwagons in the Obama State Department? Unreal! ,0
16477,BUSTED! OBAMA AND HILLARY LIED: Former Hostage Reveals Proof The $400 Million Dollars Was Ransom Given To Iran [Video],"A former hostage, Pastor Saeed Abidini, recalls the night he was released as a prisoner in Iran including waiting on the tarmac for hours. Well, well, well wouldn t you know that Obama and Hillary lied again! They both claimed that this was not a ransom BUT the hostages had to wait until the plane-load of money arrived before they could leave. If that s not a ransom then I don t know what is. These people are evil!Saeed Abidini: I just remember the night at the airport sitting for hours and hours there and I asked police  why you not letting us go   And he told me we are waiting for another plane and if that plane take off we gonna let you go.Trish Regan: You slept there at the airport?Abidini: Yes, for a night. They told us you going to be there for 20 minutes but it took hours and hours. And I ask them why you don t let us go, because the   was there, pilot was there, everyone was there to leave the country. And he said we are waiting for another plane so if that plane doesn t come we never let us go.Please listen to Col. Ralph Peters explain more about this and as usual he s dead on! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c4Jupy-8PwVia: Gateway Pundit",0
16478,RUDY GIULIANI JUST BLEW Hillary’s Phony “Khantroversy” WIDE Open…A RANT The Clinton Camp Won’t Want Americans To See [VIDEO]," To me, this is the logo of the Obama administration, bowing to dictators and bowing to terrorists. The liberal media has been relentless in their attack of Donald Trump over his justified response to Khizr Khan s disparaging and misleading remarks during his speech at the DNC in Cleveland last month. Meanwhile they ignore the fact that Obama and Hillary are selling America s national security to terrorist nations like Iran.Khan s speech was intended to make Donald Trump look like a bigot, an isolationist and an anti-American. Fortunately, the mainstream media isn t the only source of news Americans have anymore. Many in the conservative media have been exposing the truth about Mr. Khan since he went off the rails on his Trump bashing speech that night. Following his speech, many Americans with military ties felt compelled to respond. A US Marine and former Navy vet wrote a blistering letter to Mr. Khan. A mother of an active duty soldier wrote a powerful letter refuting Khan s words and questioning his intentions. As it turns out, they were correct about his politically motivated intentions. Khan s ties to the Clintons, the Saudi s and the Muslim Brotherhood are pretty alarming.WATCH HERE:https://youtu.be/xEZUYJSnIk0",0
16479,THIS ONE STATEMENT IS THE KEY TO THE 2016 ELECTION: “Everybody better understand this” [VIDEO],Listen up people! This is great! Lou Dobbs gets it and knows how important this election is! ,0
16480,GRIFTER BILL CLINTON Pockets MILLIONS From Promoters Of Terrorism…Talk About Selling Your Soul To The Devil!,"The Clinton Grifters will take money from just about anyone   even promoters of terror. The report below should tell you all you need to know about the influence peddlers that REALLY have sold out the American people. Do you want these two in the White House again? Former President Bill Clinton collected $5.6 million in fees from GEMS Education, a Dubai-based company that teaches Sharia Law through its network of more than 100 schools in the Middle East, Asia and Africa, according to a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation.The company s finances strictly adhere to  Sharia Finance,  which includes giving  zakat,  a religious tax of which one-eighth of the proceeds is dedicated to funding Islamic jihad.The company also contributed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.The former president served as honorary chairman for GEMS Education from 2011 to 2014, according to federal tax returns he filed with his wife, 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.His biggest paycheck from the closely-held company   which is incorporated in the Cayman Islands   was in 2014 when he pocketed $2.1 million. It is unclear if Bill received income from the Middle Eastern firm in 2015, since Hillary has not yet released her tax return for that year.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16481,THIS NEEDS TO GO VIRAL! HOMELAND SECURITY WHISTLEBLOWER Exposes Obama Administration’s Connections To Radical Muslim Groups [Video],"Philip Haney is a lone Patriot in the war on exposing Obama and his administration s connections with radical Islam. Please listen to this man and share, share, share! ",0
16482,YOU LIE! OBAMA SECRETLY PAID $400 MILLION Ransom To IRAN For Release Of Americans…BRAGGED About “Diplomatic Breakthrough” With Iran,"US Congressman Joe Wilson was right! Obama is a liar His reckless and amateur decisions have made America more unsafe than we have ever been. Now he s asking Americans to vote for Hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Americans detained in Tehran, according to U.S. and European officials and congressional staff briefed on the operation afterward.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.The money represented the first installment of a $1.7 billion settlement the Obama administration reached with Iran to resolve a decades-old dispute over a failed arms deal signed just before the 1979 fall of Iran s last monarch, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.The settlement, which resolved claims before an international tribunal in The Hague, also coincided with the formal implementation that same weekend of the landmark nuclear agreement reached between Tehran, the U.S. and other global powers the summer before. With the nuclear deal done, prisoners released, the time was right to resolve this dispute as well,  President Barack Obama said at the White House on Jan. 17 without disclosing the $400 million cash payment.Senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo. As we ve made clear, the negotiations over the settlement of an outstanding claim were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said.  Not only were the two negotiations separate, they were conducted by different teams on each side, including, in the case of The Hague claims, by technical experts involved in these negotiations for many years. But U.S. officials also acknowledge that Iranian negotiators on the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to show they had gained something tangible.Sen. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas and a fierce foe of the Iran nuclear deal, accused President Barack Obama of paying  a $1.7 billion ransom to the ayatollahs for U.S. hostages. This break with longstanding U.S. policy put a price on the head of Americans, and has led Iran to continue its illegal seizures  of Americans, he said.Since the cash shipment, the intelligence arm of the Revolutionary Guard has arrested two more Iranian-Americans. Tehran has also detained dual-nationals from France, Canada and the U.K. in recent months.At the time of the prisoner release, Secretary of State John Kerry and the White House portrayed it as a diplomatic breakthrough. Mr. Kerry cited the importance of  the relationships forged and the diplomatic channels unlocked over the course of the nuclear talks. For entire story: Wall Street JournalAs a bonus, here is Rep. Joe Wilson calling out Barack Obama on one of his many lies:",0
16483,ATTENTION BAD GUYS With Weapons: There Are NO MORE SITTING DUCKS At Colleges In This State,"Just a little dose of common sense Guns save lives.A new law went into effect in Texas on Monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms, with supporters saying it could prevent mass shootings and critics saying the measure will endanger safety on campuses.The so-called state  campus carry  law allows people 21 and older with a concealed handgun license to carry pistols in classrooms and buildings throughout public colleges, including the University of Texas system, one of the nation s largest with an enrollment of more than 214,000 students.The law took effect on the 50th anniversary of one of the deadliest U.S. gun incidents on a college campus, when a student named Charles Whitman killed 16 people by firing from a perch atop the clock tower at the University of Texas at Austin, the state s flagship public university.Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican who supports campus carry, said a gunman could already bring a firearm on to campus, and the law could prevent mass shootings because someone with a licensed concealed weapon could be ready to confront a gunman. Via: NYP",0
16484,"HILLARY’S “KHAN MAN”: Who Is KHIZR KHAN? The SHOCKING Truth About His Job, His Ties To Hillary, Saudi Arabia And The Muslim Brotherhood","Clock Boy Part II. When you peel back the rotten Clinton onion, you usually find the scary truth. In the case of the poor believed parents Hillary and the DNC held up as model immigrants, the truth could not be any more damning. We published a letter from a US Marine and Navy veteran earlier today. If you want to know how military members feel about this fraud, check out the letter HERE.Khizr Muazzam Kahn moved from Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates prior to emigrating into the U.S. Kahn is directly affiliated with the advancement of Muslim immigration into the United States.Mr. Kahn runs a law firm in New York called KM Kahn Law Office:Kahn s primary area of expertise -as advertised- is legal aide and legal services for Muslim immigration assistance.Attorney Khizr Kahn also used to work for Hogan, Hartson and Lovells law firm within Washington DC which has direct ties to the Clinton Foundation.Hogan, Hartson, Lovells are one of the lobbying entities for Saudi affairs in Washington DC.[ ] Hogan Lovells LLP, another U.S. firm hired by the Saudis, is registered to work for the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia through 2016, disclosures show. Robert Kyle, a lobbyist from the firm, has bundled $50,850 for Clinton s campaign Many lawyers at Hogan Lovells remember the week in 2004 when U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan lost his life to a suicide bomber. Then-Hogan & Hartson attorneys mourned the death because the soldier s father, Khizr Khan, a Muslim American immigrant, was among their beloved colleagues Mr. Khizr Kahn is not some arbitrary Muslim voice called upon randomly to speak at the Democrat National Convention on behalf of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Attorney Kahn is a well documented, and well compensated, conscript and activist for the advancement of Islamic interests into the United States. So it should come as no surprise to see the Clinton Machine use Kahn to serve both of their interests in this political election season.   The Conservative TreehouseWell, will you look at that! What a coincidence Loretta Lynch was also employed by Hogan and Hartson:It s well known that if the FBI recommends prosecution in the Hillary Clinton email case, the decision will be put in the hands of Attorney General Loretta Lynch.But little known is the fact that Lynch was a litigation partner for eight years at a major Washington law firm that served the Clintons. Lynch was with the Washington-headquartered international law firm Hogan & Hartson LLP from March 2002 through April 2010.According to documents Hillary Clinton s first presidential campaign made public in 2008, Hogan & Harrison s New York-based partner Howard Topaz was the tax lawyer who filed income tax returns for Bill and Hillary Clinton beginning in 2004.  GRThe Muslim who attacked Donald Trump, Khizr Muazzam Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood agent, working to bring Muslims into the United States. After reading what we discovered so far, it becomes obvious that Khan wanted to  trump  Trump s Muslim immigration policy of limiting Muslim immigration into the U.S.Khizr Muazzam Khan graduated in Punjab University Law College, as the New York Times confirms. He specialized in International Trade Law in Saudi Arabia. An interest lawyer for Islamic oil companies Khan wrote a paper, called In Defense of OPEC to defend the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), an intergovernmental oil company consisting of mainly Islamic countries.But more than this, Khan is a promoter of Islamic Sharia Law in the U.S. He was a co-founder of the Journal of Contemporary Issues in Muslim Law (Islamic Sharia). Khan s fascination with Islamic Sharia stems from his life in Saudi Arabia. During the eighties Khan wrote a paper titled Juristic Classification of Islamic [Sharia] Law. In it he elucidated on the system of Sharia law expressing his reverence for  The Sunnah [the works of Muhammad]   authentic tradition of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him).  A snapshot of his essay can be seen here:But Khan s fascination with Islam isn t the only issue. What is more worrisome is that at the bottom of the intro, Khan shows his appreciation and the source of his work and gives credit to an icon of the Muslim Brotherhood: The contribution to this article of S. Ramadan s writing is greatly acknowledged. This alone speaks volumes. Khan used the works of S. Ramadan to lay his foundation for his inspiration regarding the promotion of Sharia. S. Ramadan is Said Ramadan, head of the Islamic Center in Geneva and a major icon of the Muslim Brotherhood, the grandson of Hassan Al-Banna the founder and hero of the Muslim Brotherhood which spread terrorism throughout the world.In regards to his son and his sacrifice, on the other side of the coin, many were the  Muslim martyrs  who joined the US military. Ali Abdul Saoud Mohamed, for example, enlisted in the Special Forces of the US Army; he was a double agent for Al-Qaeda. How about Hasan K. Akbar, a Muslim American soldier who murdered and injured fifteen soldiers. There was Bowe Bergdahl, an American Muslim soldier who deserted his men to join the Taliban, a desertion which led to six American being ambushed and killed while they were on the search looking for him. And of course the example of Nidal Malik Hassan, who murdered fourteen Americans in cold blood in Fort Hood. What about infiltration into the U.S. military like Taha Jaber Al-Alwani, a major Muslim thinker for the Muslim Minority Affairs, an icon of the Abedin family (Hillary s aid Human) who, while he served in U.S. military, called on arming Muslims to fight the U.S? Al-Alwani is an IMMA (Institute of Muslims Minority Affairs) favorite, Taha Jaber al-Alwani, whom the Abedins say is the source for their doctrine (see Abedins-Meii-Kampf) is an ardent anti-Semite who by the way, runs the United States Department of Defense program (out of all places) for training Muslim military chaplains in the U.S. military. Via: Shoebat.com ",0
16485,HILLARY’S ANTI-TRUMP MUSLIM DAD Claims Terror Has “Nothing To Do With Islam”…Tries To Convince Americans Trump’s Desire To Protect Us From Terror Is Somehow Evil [VIDEO],"We ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. Our comments can be found in bold red type.Let s start with Trump s Twitter response to Mr. Kahn s passionate speech denouncing Trump at Hillary s coronation. I don t think too many Americans can argue with this:I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016Khizr Khan, the bereaved father of fallen soldier Capt. Humayun Khan who attacked Donald Trump last week in a speech at the Democratic National Convention, told CNN s Jim Acosta Sunday morning that terror has  nothing to do with Islam.  Here is Khan s full quote (emphasis added):https://youtu.be/BPwRRUw2XWoIn addition to this, there was in the speech that my good wife asked me to refrain from saying, I wanted to say we reject all violence. We are faithful, patriotic, undivided loyalty to this country. We reject all terrorism. She asked me not to say that because that was not the occasion for such a statement.Well, if you really believed that and you had an audience of millions who were listening to your impassioned pleas, why didn t you just say it? Americans have been begging for Muslims to denounce the violence committed in the name of Islam against innocent Americans. He had the chance, but it was more important that he unfairly bash Trump for holding an opinion about how to best stop terrorism than speak out against radical ISLAM.This Twitter user @socalmike_SD makes a good point:His son was killed by radical Muslims..ppl Trump doesn't want here in the US..How is that shameful? Ridiculous https://t.co/BhaeZPuN99  Michael (@socalmike_SD) July 31, 2016Khan also asked Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan to  repudiate  Trump, calling it a  moral obligation  and warning that failing to do so would be a  burden on their souls  that history would not forgive.Don t worry Khan. If you re looking for an ally in bringing immigrants to America, you ve found the right guy in Paul Ryan. While you re at it, why don t you ask Ryan how the UN can properly vet immigrants coming from Muslim majority nations who hate us In previous remarks, Trump had acknowledged the positive contributions of most Muslims, while focusing on the need to fight radical Islamic terror. In his speech after the Islamic terror attack on a gay nightclub last month in Orlando, for example, Trump said:  We have Muslim communities in this country that are great, and we have to form that partnership. Last Thursday, Khan caused a sensation at the convention when he spoke alongside his wife, challenging Trump s proposed ban on Muslim immigration, saying:  Have you even read the U.S. Constitution?   You have sacrificed nothing and no one. By the way Khan Trump and his children have received death threats and threats of violence. Trump doesn t have to run for President of the United States. He s doing it because he loves our country. Despite what you and the Democrats would like low-information voters to believe, you don t have the corner on loving America Khan made no mention of radical Islam, or terror. His claim that the Constitution bars Trump s ban on Muslim immigration has also been disputed.Here are a few Muslims views on a temporary Muslim ban in America. Pay close attention to the last man of three who are being interviewed:Via: Breitbart News ",0
16486,JUDGE JEANINE UNLOADS On Hillary: “How Did You Go From Being ‘DEAD BROKE’ To Being Worth Over $200 MILLION While In Government?”[VIDEO],"You don t want to miss a second of Judge Jeanine s brilliant analysis of Hillary Vs. Trump Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump talks about real issues. Hillary says he paints a  dark divisive picture of an America in decline.'  But ask yourselves, are you better off? Do you feel safer than you were before these two came into power? Is America more united than it was? Are race relations better? Is police esteem anywhere near where it was 8 years ago? Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump is hitting all the core issues. Asking all of the right questions starting all the right conversations. A man who is willing to take on political correctness that is DESTROYING this nation. ",0
16487,WHY HILLARY LOVES The Idea Of Barack Obama As Supreme Court Justice,"Remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing Barack Obama to the Supreme Court if she s elected president.At a campaign event in Iowa Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton told the crowd the next president may have to appoint up to three Supreme Court justices. When one attendee mentioned Mr. Obama as a contender, she seemed excited by the recommendation. Wow, what a great idea. No one has ever suggested that to me, I love that, wow,  Mrs. Clinton said.  He may have a few other things to do, but I tell you, that s a great idea. I mean, he s brilliant, he can set forth an argument and he was a law professor,  she added.  So he s got all the credentials, but we would have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed. Via: Washington Times",0
16488,FIVE FACTS About Benghazi That Hillary Doesn’t Want You To Know,FIVE FACTS ABOUT HILLARY AND BENGHAZI:,0
16489,PRICELESS! RACE BAITER JOHN LEWIS Bombarded With Hecklers During Live MSNBC Interview [Video],The protesters are breaking all the rules and creating total chaos at every turn during the Dem convention. It is truly a case of the liberals eating their own! Fun to watch! ,0
16490,HERE’S HOW HILLARY’S VP PICK Has Just Proven He’s An Anti-American Job Destroyer,"Hillary s VP pick is proving himself to be a anti-American job destroyer in a couple different ways. He s willing to legalize millions of illegals and he sided with Wall Street in a bid to bring in cheap foreign labor to replace American workers. What a guy...PHILADELPHIA   Sen. Tim Kaine, who told Telemundo in Spanish that he and Hillary Clinton would push legalize 12 million illegals in their first 100 days in the White House, is also a proponent of bringing up to 1.8 million more foreign workers sought by U.S. outsourcing companies.Kaine, who on Wednesday is expected to win the nomination as the Democratic vice presidential candidate here, was one of several co-sponsors of S. 169, the so-called I-Squared Act, that would have boosted visas for high-tech workers from 65,000 to 300,000 a year.Because the H-1B employment visas last six years, that bill and a similar one currently under consideration in the Senate could bring in 1.8 million new workers.The visas have become controversial because many big firms who apply for the visas are replacing higher-wage American workers with cheaper foreign help.Read more: WE",0
16491,RECKLESS: CLINTON PRESIDENCY Could Mean U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed Germany’s 4.8 Million [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of America. Is this really the kind of leader America needs after 8 miserable, lawless years of Barack Obama? Under two terms of a President Hillary Clinton, the U.S. Muslim population would exceed Germany s current Muslim population, according to data from Pew Research Center and the Department of Homeland Security.According to a Pew report published earlier this week,  as of 2010, there were 4.8 million Muslims in Germany. In September, 2015, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that the United States should accept 65,000 refugees from Syria to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis created by the war there. We re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more,  the former secretary of state said Sunday on CBS   Face the Nation.   I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.  Via: CBS NewsHere s Trump on the out-of-control refugee crisis and common sense ideas on how he thinks America should deal with it:A Pew report from January of this year estimated that there are roughly 3.3 million Muslims living in the United States. This means that today the U.S. already has a larger Muslim population than does Kuwait, or Brunei, or Bahrain, or Djibouti, or Qatar. Under current policy, Pew projects the number of Muslims in America will outnumber Jews by 2040. However, under a President Hillary Clinton it s possible that date could come much sooner.Under two terms of a Hillary Clinton presidency, the U.S. would have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.Based on the most recent DHS data available, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014.Yet, as Donald Trump explained during Thursday night acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, Clinton  has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country under President Obama. Specifically, Clinton had said that, as president, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.As Trump explained, Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle roughly 1.5 million Muslim migrants during her first two terms.These projections suggest that after seven years of a Hillary Clinton Presidency, the U.S. could have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.These projections are rough estimates, and the population size could be impacted by additional various factors  including births, deaths, and conversions. Via: Breitbart News",0
16492,ALL WHITES IN BACK…Democrats Prove Their Obsession With Race In One RIDICULOUS Photo,"Nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.It s pretty fitting that the race obsessed US Rep. from Texas, Sheila Jackson Lee would post such a telling photo on Twitter The Democratic Interns on Capitol Hill 2016 #DemInternSelfie pic.twitter.com/ZzUMl4hKoc  Sheila Jackson Lee (@JacksonLeeTX18) July 20, 2016The photo of Dem interns was supposed to be in response to a Paul Ryan selfie that the Democrats, who can never see past the color of one s skin, posted to show how much more diverse they are.So diversity is kicking White interns to the back of the photo?H/T Weasel ZippersSomething about this picture is eerily similar to the picture taken  of the crowd taken that exposed the segregation of women and men during London s new Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan s speech on the benefits of Britain sticking with the EU. The Muslim women were noticeably segregated from the men as the photo showed them standing behind the men like second class citizens.The Left is all for diversity, as long as it s their kind of diversity ",0
16493,STUCK ON STUPID: While Liberals Trash Melania Trump…Shouldn’t We Be More Concerned With THIS BIT FROM OBAMA? [Video],Holy smokes! Even the Danish press sees through our idiotic president who becomes a blithering robot when greeting world leaders really lame! ,0
16494,FBI AND CIA Host Job Fair In U.S. City With 40% MUSLIM Population…Feeling Safer Yet?,"Who better to help root out terror than a person whose religion forbids them from ratting out someone of their own faith? The FBI and CIA are looking to increase the  diversity  of their agencies and that includes hiring more Arab Americans.One of the ways it hopes to achieve its goal of greater diversity is by holding a career fair in America s most Islamic city   Dearborn, Michigan.In  Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance,  renowned activist Pamela Geller provides the answer, offering proven, practical guidance on how freedom lovers can stop jihadist initiatives in local communities.Notices about the career fair have been posted on the Arab-American Chamber of Commerce s Facebook page, as well as in local news publications in Dearborn.The Press and Guide, for instance, ran a public notice that stated the following; Learn about working for two top government agencies during an informational session being held by The Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation. Attendees will learn about both agencies and have the chance to hear about career opportunities as well as network with CIA and FBI representatives. The event takes place at 6 p.m. July 19 at the Ford Motor Company Conference & Event Center, 1151 Village Road, Dearborn. A formal presentation will run from 6 to 7:30 p.m. followed by networking from 7:30 to 8:30. Both the FBI and CIA are seeking to increase diversity within the organizations and find specifically skilled applicants to fulfill critical roles within the agencies. Those at the event will hear about specific job positions and qualifications through a panel discussion as well as the agencies  similarities, strategic differences and shared commitment to thwart threats to national security. Dinner will be provided, but seating is limited. RSVP by July 12 to Christina Petrosian at chrissp@ucia.gov. Petrosian did not immediately respond to emails from WND.Dick Manasseri, communications director for Secure Michigan, a citizen-watchdog group fighting what it sees as the Islamization of Michigan, said he found the advertisements troubling, but not surprising. How can the FBI/CIA vet job applicants when they cannot mention the word Shariah?  Manasseri said.Manasseri was referring to the scrubbing of all FBI training manuals, removing all references to Shariah and Islam that were seen as discriminatory by Muslim groups. That concession was made in response to complaints by the Council of American-Islamic Relations, or CAIR, by then-Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan, who is now in charge of the CIA. How can the FBI/CIA vet the information provided on applications from Shariah-adherents who are encouraged to lie to non-Muslims when it furthers the goals of Shariah?  Manasseri told WND.The Obama administration has also invited former CAIR officials into its circle of advisers within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The opportunities for further federal government infiltration increases the probability that we will see Shariah courts in Southeast Michigan before long,  Manasseri said.Dearborn s population is about 40 percent Arab and includes both Sunni and Shiite Muslims. A minority of the Arab-American community in Dearborn are Christian.And the Dearborn area is getting more Muslim by the month thanks to the current Syrian refugee program being carried out by President Obama. Just in the last nine months the U.S. State Department has delivered 143 Syrians to Dearborn for permanent resettlement.Another 174 Syrians have been sent to Troy, which is only 25 miles north of Dearborn.Michigan has been targeted to receive nearly half of the 10,000 Syrian refugees Obama has promised the United Nations he would admit into the U.S.After getting off to a slow start, Syrian arrivals are now occurring by the hundreds per day. On Wednesday another 249 Syrians arrived in the U.S. for permanent resettlement.Obama s pledge of 10,000 Syrian refugees in fiscal 2016, which ends Sept. 30, now appears to be a deadline he will make. His State Department has delivered nearly 60 percent of the 10,000 with two and a half months to go. Via: WND ",0
16495,HA! ANGRY FEMINIST SENATOR Attacks Trump/Pence Manhood…Fails Miserably!,"I certainly hope Hillary picks Liz Warren for VP! She s such a miserable woman who decided to attack the  manhood  of two Alpha males Trump/Pence What a joke! Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Saturday turned her fire on the newly minted GOP presidential ticket, calling Donald Trump and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence  two small, insecure, weak men. She said Pence  is famous for trying to control women s bodies,  and that the two Republicans   sexism  is  in line with the party platform. Warren s tweetstorm came just minutes ahead of the scheduled joint appearance where Trump will introduce Pence as his running mate.Warren is reportedly on the shortlist to be Hillary Clinton s running mate. Warren met with the presumptive Democratic nominee at her DC home Friday amid reports that Clinton is closing in on choosing a running mate.Read more: The Hill",0
16496,BRUTALLY HONEST BILLBOARD Turns Heads In State With Exploding Muslim Immigrant Population,"American citizens should be more concerned about the Left and the leftist media s attempt to HIDE the brutal truth about Sharia in America, than a billboard that gives readers an opportunity to learn the truth.In a state that doesn t tolerate any discussion of what the massive influx of Somali refugees has done to their neighborhoods and schools, this billboard will likely be a hot topic in Minnesota. Recently, the Minnesota Governor told his constituents to  Leave the state  if they don t like the massive influx off Muslims. Watch the INCREDIBLE VIDEO HERE. [Video]A billboard of a woman in a niqab went up on I-94 in Rogers at the beginning of June, prompting calls to the sign company from the public. Copy was added to the billboard in July, which now reads  Should America Fear Sharia? The billboard is sponsored by the Center for Security Policy, a Washington, D.C. based national security think tank. The site shouldamericafearsharia.org consists mostly of links to videos discussing different topics about Islam and Islamic extremism.The billboard was contracted out by the Center with Franklin Outdoor Advertising, a billboard company in Minnesota and Wisconsin. The billboard went up the beginning of June,  Franklin salesperson Chris Barta said,  Last Friday we switched it out and put up the one with the website. The website advertisement billboard will be up from July 1st through the end of the month when the advertisement contract expires.The Center for Security Policy s website contains articles and videos on national security threats of Islamic terrorism.In the wake of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, the Center s executive vice president Jim Hanson called the attack,  completely in keeping with totalitarian Islamic code called Shariah. Franklin Outdoor Advertising received a number of calls from the public regarding the billboard according to Barta, mostly in June when there was no text accompanying the image on the sign.  AlphaNewsh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
16497,OBAMA ADMINISTRATION Sues Private Business For Saying NO To Dreadlocks…Just The Tip Of The Iceberg!,"The Obama EEOC has spiraled out of control to meet the administration s mission of operating a politically correct government.In fact, nearly half of federal agency rulings dismissing employee discrimination claims have been overturned under Obama, costing American taxpayers tens of billions of dollars in settlements. In one year alone this translated into an astounding $51.4 billion that federal agencies paid to settle discrimination claims that often had no merit, according to the government s figuresThe Obama administration is spending taxpayer dollars to sue a private business for not allowing a male employee to have long, matted and knotted hair required to practice an  Afrocentric  religion in which followers also smoke marijuana ( the spiritual use of cannabis ). Known as Rastafari, it was born in the slums of Jamaica and followers must have dreadlocks, long clumps of ungroomed hair, symbolizing the mane of the Lion of Judah.The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the federal agency that enforces the nation s workplace discrimination laws, is suing on behalf of a Rastafari prep cook in an Orlando, Florida Walt Disney resort who was ordered to cut his dreadlocks because it didn t comply with the company s appearance standards. Disney isn t the defendant, but rather the Orlando staffing company, Hospitality Staff, that provides workers for central Florida s huge hospitality industry. When Disney complained about the employee s hair, Hospitality Staff management told the prep cook (Courtney Joseph) to cut his hair if he wanted to return to work, even though Joseph explained that he couldn t because he was a practicing Rastafarian and his dreadlocks were part of his religious beliefs.Hospitality Staff violated federal law by firing Joseph over his Rastafarian religious practices, the EEOC charges in a lawsuit filed this week.  Such alleged conduct violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits religious discrimination and requires employers to make reasonable accommodations to employees  sincerely held religious beliefs so long as this does not pose an undue hardship to the business,  according to an agency announcement. The EEOC is asking a federal court to grant a permanent injunction enjoining Hospitality Staff from further engaging in any employment practice that discriminates against workers because of their religious beliefs and requiring the company to reasonably accommodate the religious beliefs of employees in the future. The suit also asks the court to order Hospitality Staff to reinstate Joseph, grant back pay, provide compensatory and punitive damages and award any other relief the court deems necessary and proper.There is no formal, organized leadership in Rastafarianism which makes it difficult to accept as an official religion protected by federal law. Rastafarians believe Haile Selassie, the former emperor of Ethiopia, is God and that he ll help blacks living in exile as a result of the slave trade return to Africa. Jamaican reggae singer Bob Marley, who died in Miami in 1981, was among the best known Rastafarians and more recently a famous rapper known as Snoop Dogg became Rastafari and changed his name to Snoop Lion, according to a mainstream news report.  A key belief for Rastas is the notion of death to all white and black oppressors,  the story says, adding that  the most common outward expressions of Rastafari are Rastas  dreadlocks, penchant for smoking marijuana and vegetarian diets. Under Obama the EEOC has spiraled out of control to meet the administration s mission of operating a politically correct government. In fact, nearly half of federal agency rulings dismissing employee discrimination claims have been overturned under Obama, costing American taxpayers tens of billions of dollars in settlements. In one year alone this translated into an astounding $51.4 billion that federal agencies paid to settle discrimination claims that often had no merit, according to the government s figures. In nearly 45% of discrimination claims thrown out by agencies across the U.S. government the EEOC stepped in and revived the cases. The number has increased steadily since Obama became president, according to the EEOC s figures.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
16498,“ON DAY OF #NiceAttack Hillary Announces AMNESTY For Anyone Who Stealthily Evades Our Border Patrol”,"Lawless, Crooked Hillary promises to continue with Obama s arrogant, lawless push to flood America with people who have illegally entered our nation Democrat voters. Our nation and our nation s security won t survive another four years of Obama h/t to the brilliant Jon Feere, Legal Policy Analyst at the Center for Immigration Studies.  The CIS is one of the best sources in America for keeping up with our immigration crisis in America. From Hillary s website:Hillary will:Enact comprehensive immigration reform to create a pathway to citizenship, keep families together, and enable millions of workers to come out of the shadows.Defend President Obama s executive actions to provide deportation relief for DREAMers and parents of Americans and lawful residents, and extend those actions to additional persons with sympathetic cases if Congress refuses to act.Promote naturalization and support immigrant integration. End family detention and close private immigrant detention centers.Hillary s not just advocating for making lawbreakers legal citizens of the United States, she s also planning to bring millions of Muslims from countries who hate us to America, and fast-track them to citizenship:If elected president, Hillary Clinton could permanently resettle close to one million Muslim migrants during the first term of her presidency alone, according to the latest available data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).Between 2001 and 2013, the U.S. permanently resettled 1.5 million Muslim migrants on green cards. However, under Hillary Clinton s stated proposals, Muslim immigration would grow substantially faster, adding nearly one million Muslim migrants to the U.S. during her first term alone.Based on the most recent available DHS data, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014. Yet Clinton has said that, as President, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle as many as 856,000 during her first term alone.Analysis from the Senate Immigration Subcommittee found that Clinton s plan to expand refugee resettlement could cost U.S. taxpayers over $400 billion.Additionally, once Clinton s Syrian refugees are in the U.S. as green card holders, they will have the ability to bring over their family members through chain migration.With regards to Middle Eastern migration, Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees would be added on top of the roughly 96,000 Middle Eastern migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in a single year. Based on the minimum numbers Clinton has put forth thus far, as President, she could potentially resettle approximately 644,000 Middle Eastern migrants during her first term alone.According to a September 2015 Rasmussen survey, women voters oppose Clinton s Middle Eastern refugee plan by a remarkable 21-to-1 margin. Democrat voters oppose Clinton s refugee plan by a 17-to-1 margin. Most remarkably, 85 percent of black voters oppose Clinton s refugee agenda  with less than one percent of black voters supporting her plan.Yet Clinton s expansion to Muslim migration would be in addition to her expansion for immigration overall.U.S. Census data shows that if a President Hillary Clinton were successful in passing a Gang of Eight-style immigration expansion bill, the U.S. could permanently resettle roughly 9.4 million migrants throughout the nation during her first term alone. This figure does not include the additional 11 million illegal immigrants already here to whom Clinton has promised amnesty and U.S. citizenship.Clinton s desire to expand immigration is shared by GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan, who leads the pro-Islamic migration wing of the Republican Party.  Breitbart",0
16499,"BRITISH ACTRESS NAILS IT: Do you think ISIS cares about “pathetic hashtags, prayers or candles”?…”Stop waiting to be SLAUGHTERED and DEMAND our leaders DO something!” [VIDEO]","Pathetic Predictably impotent. We are not united we are divided. We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.Mohamed took a truck and drove it into men, women and children celebrating Bastille day in Nice. He killed 84.And who yet knows of the horrors still to spew from hospital wards   lives fractured, crumpled, crushed.One minute they were jubilant, locals and tourists alike celebrating Bastille day together. The next, lying splintered on the floor.And the most sickening thing of all   worse than spilt blood, fractured bodies, children with legs contorted out of human control, the reek of death, is our horribly sanitized response to it all.Pathetic. Predictably impotent.Evil mowed us down in a monster truck. And we tweeted like lethargic birds between Egyptian cotton sheets.Celebrities rushed to social media with their message  not again , designers comforted with a patriotic graphic, tea candles were lit and instagrammed. There will be a vigil in a public square. Again. A hashtag is born #PrayForNice, exploding into a thousand others as people want to #PrayFor France or #PrayForHumanity, failing to acknowledge the horrible truth that this attack was done in some spurious god s name. You want to pray for Nice?You think religion will help solve this? Religion and its bonkers side-shoots are the problem.That s true if you re talking about the religion of hate Katie, but Christians, Jews and Hindu s don t subscribe to killing innocent people to gain entry to heaven. -100 Percent FED UP!Politicians tell us to stand united. The Prime Minister of France has said he will not allow the country to be destabilised. President Hollande reminds us terrorism will not be tolerated.Well big news: France IS destabilised   in a perpetual state of Emergency. We do not stand united. We are divided, we are ripped apart. And yet we tolerate it every time.We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.French Pres. Hollande hours before #NiceAttack: ""What threatens us is the rise of populism."" https://t.co/X9HR4Jw2fE pic.twitter.com/kyBedUfKlW  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 15, 2016We are reminded to be more tolerant. Liberal lefties takes to the airways lecturing at us, not to react. To remind us of the good and humanity in most people.Muslim mayors stand and tell us we will be there, shoulder-to-shoulder with France, reminding us Mohamed has nothing to do with ordinary Muslims or Islam.As with every other time, someone from the BBC informs us many of the victims will have been Muslim, as if that helps. Trying to give credence to the notion Islam can t be blamed because Muslims died too. And again, we hear a familiar refrain. The suspect was known to the police   he had a  fiche S  on his file marking his links to terror and ISIS.He was a French national from Tunisia. (Why are they always French-Tunisians, never Tunisian/French? What do you think he called himself?)Via: Daily Mail",0
16500,TODAY: LIST OF U.S. CITIES Where “DAY OF RAGE” Is Reportedly Planned…Scott Air Force Base Posts Warning,"Isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in France, citizens can wake up in America, and fear more organized chaos and violence in cities across the nation? A group claiming to be the hacktivist group Anonymous, along with a number of other radical activist groups, is calling for a nationwide day of protesting on Friday, July 15th. Day of Rage protests are being planned by various groups in dozens of major cities throughout the country and police are gearing up for some major problems.   Off Grid SurvivalScott Air Force Base has posted a warning to Facebook about a possible protest this Friday at the St. Louis Arch. The  Day of Rage  protests are planned at the same time in cities across the United States. A group calling itself part of  Anonymous  is planning protests on Friday, July 15th to stand with the Black Lives Matter movement. Other members of Anonymous say the planned protests are not going to happen.Scott Air Force Base origionally posted this message to Facebook at around 10am Thursday: Please be advised that the Air Force Office of Special Investigations has posted a safety warning not to be at the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, at 6 p.m. on Friday, July 15 due to potential protests and criminal activity. Please be safe and avoid this area during that time. They have updated the post since it went viral with this message:The potential protests are in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement and the victims of police brutality. It is a reaction to last week s officer involved shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. Anonymous posted a YouTube warning on Saturday: We are calling on a collective day of rage. A day of action centered around civil disobedience and the right to protest.To police departments across the United States. We are not your enemy. However, it is in your hands if you want us to stay that way or not. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated.To the St. Anthony and the Baton Rouge Police Departments, we ve already launched attacks on your virtual infrastructure. We are prepared to release every single piece of evidence that will expose your corruption and blatant disregard for human life.Once again we are calling upon the citizens of the United States, in conjunction with the Black Lives Matter movement as well as other civil rights activists, to participate in a day of action against the injustices of corrupt officers. On Friday, July 15th, we will all flood the streets at strategic locations in order to maximize our voice. The locations and times will be located in the description below. Tell your family, tell your friends. We will change the world together. Our freedom depends on it.   Fox2NowHere is the list of cities where the #DayOfRage is supposedly planned:Please be careful if you live in these cities, and you may want to consider getting out of town on Friday:Phoenix: 5:00PM (EASTLAKE PARK, 1549 E Jefferson St , Phoenix, AZ 85034) Tuscon: 5:00PM (CATALINA PARK, 900 N 4th Avenue, Tucson, AZ 85705) Little Rock: 6:00PM (OUTSIDE STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Dr Martin Luther King Jr Dr., Little Rock, AR 72201) San Francisco: 4:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PLAZA, 355 Mcallister St, San Francisco, California 94102) Oakland: 4:00PM (FRANK OGAWA PLAZA, 1 Frank H Ogawa Plaza, Oakland, CA 94612) Los Angeles: 4:00PM (LEIMERT PLAZA PARK, 4395 Leimert Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90008) Denver: 5:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PARK, 100 W 14th Ave Pkwy, Denver, Colorado 80204) Washington DC: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE WHITE HOUSE, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500) Atlanta: 7:00PM (OLD DECATUR COURTHOUSE, 101 E Court Sq, Decatur, GA 30030) Tampa: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE HILLSBOROUGH COURTHOUSE, 800 E Twiggs St, Tampa, FL) Orlando: 7:00PM (LAKE EOLA PARK, 195 N Rosalind Ave, Orlando, Florida 32801) Miami: 7:00PM (GWEN CHERRY PARK, NW 71 St., Miami, Florida, 33147) Chicago: 6:00PM (RICHARD J DALEY CENTER, 50 W Washington St, Chicago, Illinois 60602) Des Moines: 6:00PM (IOWA STATE CAPITOL, 1007 E Grand Ave, Des Moines, IA 50319) New Orleans: 6:00PM (LAFAYETTE SQUARE, New Orleans, LA 70130) Baltimore: 7:00PM (201 E Pratt St, Baltimore, MD 21202) Boston: 7:00PM (MASSACHUSETTS STATE HOUSE, 24 Beacon St, Boston, MA 01233) Detroit: 7:00PM (Campus Martius Park, Detroit, Michigan 48226) Lansing: 7:00PM (STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Capitol Avenue at Michigan Avenue, Lansing, MI 48933) Ann Arbor: 7:00PM (THE DIAG, Burns Park, Ann Arbor, MI 48109) Minneapolis: 6:00PM (MINNEAPOLIS URBAN LEAGUE, 2100 Plymouth Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55411 St. Louis: 6:00PM (GATEWAY ARCH, St. Louis 63102) Carson City: 4:00PM (NEVADA STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, 101 N Carson St, Carson City, Nevada 89701) Manhattan, NY: 7:00PM (TIMES SQUARE, Manhattan, NY, 10036) Newark: 7:00PM (NEWARK CITY HALL, 920 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102) Durham: 7:00PM (200 E. Main St. Durham, North Carolina) Columbus: 7:00PM (GOODALE PARK, Columbus, Ohio 43215) Cleveland: 7:00PM (CLEVELAND PUBLIC LIBRARY, 325 Superior Ave E, Cleveland, Ohio 44114) Portland: 4:00PM (PIONEER COURTHOUSE SQUARE, 701 SW 6th Ave, Portland, Oregon 97204) Philadelphia: 7:00PM (LOVE PARK, 1599 John F Kennedy Blvd, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102) Pittsburgh: 7:00PM (PITTSBURGH CITY-COUNTY BUILDING, 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219) Nashville: 6:00PM (801 Broadway Nashville, TN 37203 Estes Kefauver Federal Building) Memphis: 6:00PM (Health Sciences Park Memphis, TN) Austin: 6:00PM (TEXAS STATE CAPITOL, Outside South Gate-11th and Congress Ave.) Salt Lake City: 5:00PM (SALT LAKE CITY COMMUNITY COLLEGE, 4600 S Redwood Rd, Salt Lake City, Utah 84123) Seattle: 4:00PM (QUEEN ANNE BAPTIST CHURCH, 2011 1st Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109) Milwaukee: 5:00PM (DINEEN PARK, Milwaukee, Wisconsin)h/t Off Grid Survival ",0
16501,RUSH LIMBAUGH ASKS: “What Would America Be Like Today If President Obama Had Told the Truth About What Happened in Ferguson?”,"Rush Limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of Barack Obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart, and more importantly, how Republican leadership has allowed him to do it. This is a great read for anyone who would like to understand exactly how this war on cops and war on White America started RUSH: This is so predictable to me. You know, I didn t have a chance to really listen to it or study Obama s speech in Dallas yesterday because it happened while the program was on, so I had to bone up on it later in the day. And it was predictable. The reaction to it was predictable. The Drive-Bys just thought it was the greatest speech ever. It was just over the top great. I mean, it was so timely, and it was so presidential.Even some in the conservative media found it necessary to praise Obama s speech. And we know why this happens. It is because some in the conservative media don t want to be seen as constantly pestering the guy, so it s thought that it ll add to their credibility if they can acknowledge that the president did something well, did something good, presidential, even if it was only a portion of the speech.But my take on it was entirely different. I think the first half of his speech yesterday seemed to be high-minded and unifying, but he blows it all to smithereens because I think what the first half of the speech was was a setup for the political hackery that was to come. It wasn t as if the speech suddenly and unexpectedly veered off course. Obama knew that he had to give the impression he was a healer and a unifier before he could pivot to what he really wanted to say.And I took it, you know, I m sitting there watching it like everybody else did, and I m absorbing it, and I felt like it was a political sucker punch. The second half of the speech is what Obama really wanted to say but couldn t unless he preceded it with the so-called unifying remarks beforehand.But here s the thing I was wondering as I m watching Obama, and we hear people on the left in the Drive-By Media talking about how Obama tries to unify and bring everybody together.  What a great effort! Ah, it was just stupendous. Then why draw a moral equivalence? Here he was at a memorial service for five slain Dallas police officers. Why draw any kind of a more ? Why do you mention Alton Sterling and what went on in Minnesota? Why? You can mention it, but this effort to draw some kind of moral equivalence as though there is one and we can understand all of it happening? This inability to look at something and proclaim it wrong  (interruption)Well, yeah, okay. So he knew he d get grief from the left. I don t think he cares he get grief from the left. I think the guy s got his agenda and he s full-speed marching it down the path. I m just  When this year began, I warned everybody. I said,  Folks, this year coming up with the Republicans having given Obama a clear road signaling they re not gonna oppose anything, not even his policies  You know, Mitch McConnell and Ryan announced they weren t gonna oppose Obama.They didn t want to appear to be opposing or creating any negatives for the Republican presidential nominee. So Obama knows he s got a free road. So why does he care that the left might come at him and say he wasn t left-wing enough or he wasn t pro-Black Lives Matter enough? I don t think there s any doubt where Obama stands with people on the left. I want you to stop and think about something. I want to set it up by acknowledging something that we all know. Obama knows it; everybody knows it.The entire narrative of Ferguson, Missouri, is a lie.  Hands up, don t shoot  is a lie. The story that a racist cop went hunting and found an innocent Gentle Giant walking down the street   when he should have been on the sidewalk   contemplating excitedly  This is part of the story: He was eagerly anticipating his freshman year at college, was Michael Brown, and this racist cop went hunting, and he found a guy breaking the law, walking in the street!And he got up in his face and he all bullied him and so forth, and Brown was immediately deferential and put his hands up and said,  Don t shoot! Don t shoot!  and the cop shot anyway. That is the story that came out of there, and that story fed entire narrative of Black Lives Matter and whatever they re trying to do to create controversy and division. And it fed the New Black Panthers. It was a lie. It was a total lie.Everything about that Ferguson story as repeated by the media and prominent Democrats and civil rights activists was a lie. What if ? I want you to think about it. What if, in the aftermath of Ferguson, Missouri, Barack Obama, as president of the United States   meaning president of the whole country, meaning president of everybody here   had scheduled a national address from the Oval Office, an address to the people of America and told them the truth about what happened in Ferguson?After the grand jury investigation was complete, after it was inarguably so   after we learned exactly what happened, that the Gentle Giant had robbed a convenience store, that he was looking for a mechanism to spoke some dope. He had bullied the clerk in the 7-Eleven, the convenience store, whatever. He was walking down the street. He had attempted to overtake the cop in his car. He had defied the requests and the orders of the cop. He had taken action which resulted in the cop shooting.Everything about that story was not true.What if Obama had gone on TV and simply told people? For the sake of national unity, for the sake of understanding, for the sake of promoting and acknowledged truth, what if Obama had been on TV and acknowledged what really happened and had told everybody that what they think happened in Ferguson didn t happen? What do you think the aftermath might have been?This is what we expect of presidents, is the point. We don t expect presidents to further and promulgate lies and misinformation for the express purpose of creating and fomenting deadly anger. Presidents try to quell these situations. They try to get a handle on  em and ratchet down the tension. Such an opportunity exists here because the truth was the truth, and the truth was not part of the narrative. Now, if that had happened   and I can t predict in the alternative future, but I have to think that the aftermath of that incident the lie would have been short-lived.And the anger would have subdued. Maybe it would have been redirected toward Obama; I don t know. But, remember: It fed Baltimore, it fed Freddie Gray, it fed the situation in New York with the Eric Garner   who also died of a heart attack, not a chokehold. That s another lie that was told. This guy was selling knock-off cigarettes on the street of New York. He s telling  Because New York City taxes it so high that the guy could make a living selling black market cigarettes, selling black market cigarettes.For some reason, he came to the attention of the cop. They ended up applying a restraining hold on the guy, but he had a heart attack. It was not  The chokehold didn t kill. The cops did not kill the guy. But that s not the story. There are so many lies that have been created and then, if not promoted, they have not been quelled by the White House, which makes me question motive. Why not? Of course, I know the answer to this, and you do, too.You know the answer lies in the president s agenda and is rapidly becoming the Democrat Party agenda. I was looking at the Democrat Party platform. You wouldn t believe, folks. The Democrat Party has been totally now taken over by the radicals. I mean, just insane lunatic radicals are now the mainstream of the Democrat Party. You look at the Democrat Party platform in  08 and look at it in 2012. They acknowledge the legitimacy of the Second Amendment, these platforms.Platforms don t matter much in terms of future governing. I mean, they re not binding on presidents if they win the election to implement the platform, whatever. What the platform basically does is tell you what the base of the party thinks about things,  cause the base of the party dominates in primaries and they end up on the committee that writes the platform, so the platform gives you an indication where the base of both parties are. The Democrat Party is Not only is it not John F. Kennedy s Democrat Party. It isn t Bill Clinton or Hillary Clinton s Democrat Party. Hillary Clinton is a  Well, I don t want to  She s a radical in and of her own right, but she tempers her radicalness with enough proclamations or statements that make her to be mainstream in enough areas. But there isn t any mainstream anything in the Democrat Party platform. And I m telling you: It s what happens when there s no opposition.When there s no opposition, when there no guardrails, when there s nothing to stop people from descending to their extreme worst, that s exactly what s gonna happen. And I m here to tell you: The extremism in America could be found almost exclusively on the Democrat side, and that extremism has been documented in their platform, and it was speaking in Dallas yesterday. This idea of finding a moral equivalence, and taking the occasion of a memorial service at a funeral for one of the cops to say it?It was a funeral for one of the cops yesterday. To take the occasion and use it to amplify ? That statement,  It s easier to get a Glock than to get a computer or gun?  Come on! What in the world can that possibly represent, that kind of statement? There s nothing unifying about that. It s not even true. And he knows it isn t true. So that s nothing but a provocative statement designed to illustrate an actual opinion held by Barack Obama, and he turned that whole thing yesterday into yet another attempt at gun control.I think it s the  Yes, ladies and gentlemen, there s a chapter. If you haven t heard this, buckle up. It s a chapter of the NAALCP, the National Association for the Advancement of Liberal Colored People. And somebody in some chapter prominently has now claimed that the death of Micah X. Johnson was nothing more than a modern day lynching. Yeah. The guy who assassinated five Dallas police officers and injured 11 or 12 others.So the police rally, and they use their explosive robot bomb to kill the guy, and now the NAALCP is running around accusing that action of being a lynching. Innocent people were lynched. The NAALCP says,  We don t know if the guy was a shooter! We don t know if the guy did it. We re just taking their word for it? We don t take their word for it! We don t trust them; we don t to believe  em. They re making it up! We don t have any evidence the guy was the shooter. We don t have any evidence blew him up with a robot bomb. It s a lynching. Hey, here s to unity.For entire article: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
16502,WATCH: TREY GOWDY FURIOUS OVER LAWLESS Loretta Lynch During Clinton Email Hearing: “It was a total WASTE of time…The facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate [Hillary]”,"The lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  President  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking She [Lynch] could have answered every one of those questions, she just chose not to. It s really not that complicated. You take the facts as Director Comey gave  em to us, and as he found, and you apply the law, which it s public and everybody knows what it is. But the facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate. So, discussing the facts necessarily leads to more questions like,  Well, if you had all those good facts, why didn t you indict her?' ",0
16503,NO RESPECT! US DIPLOMAT ATTACKED By Russian Guard…Our Lame Response [Video],"If you haven t seethe viral video of a takedown by a Russian guard on one of our guys, you simply won t believe it! Now we punish Russia with a light slap on the wrist for tackling on of our guys? Lame!The United States expelled two Russian officials on June 17 in response to an attack by a Russian policeman on an American diplomat earlier in the month, the State Department said Friday. On June 17, we expelled two Russian officials from the United States in response to this attack,  State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters. He would not provide any further detail.Kirby said a Russian guard attacked an American diplomat outside of the U.S. Embassy compound in Moscow on June 6. He described the attack as  unprovoked and it endangered the safety of our employee. The Russian Foreign Ministry said the diplomat was a CIA agent who hit the guard in the face. Instead of the CIA employee, who was in disguise, as we understand, it could have been anyone  a terrorist, an extremist, a suicide bomber,  said Maria Zakharova, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman.Kirby responded to Moscow s accusation by telling reporters,  The Russian claim that the policeman was protecting the embassy from an unidentified individual is simply untrue. The State Department has said that Russia has harassed U.S. diplomats in the past, a claim the Kremlin denies.Relations between Moscow and Washington have been especially strained since Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine in 2014. YOU WON T BELIEVE THIS! Via: WFB",0
16504,PROOF DHS SECRETARY JOHNSON Is Drinking The Obama Kool-Aid With His Verdict On Dallas Shooting,"So it s just too damn early to tell if the Dallas massacre of white police officers is a hate crime? Perhaps Jeh Johnson needs a refresher course in what a hate crime is how about when someone kills people and says it s because they re white cops? Even the Dallas Police Chief read off the comments by Micah Johnson that told everyone EXACTLY why he did what he did. Why the confusion? Could it be that Obama has told his cabinet members to tow the government line and play like they still don t know why the Dallas massacre happened? What a bunch of jackwagons!During a Sunday morning interview with CBS s John Dickerson, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson stated though Dallas shooter Micah Johnson told hostage negotiators he  wanted to kill white people, especially white police officers,   it s still relatively early  to qualify his actions as a hate crime. You said there s no link to a terrorist organization here, but the shooting in Dallas was by any definition terrorism and a hate crime, wasn t it?  posed Dickerson. Well, there s still an investigation being conducted by the Dallas police department and the FBI supported by many resources from the local government and the federal government,  Johnson responded.  So it s still relatively early.  WILL THIS CLEAR IT ALL UP FOR JEH JOHNSON:OBAMA S COMMENT ON THE ATTACK MIRRORS JOHNSON S: I think it s very hard to untangle the motives of this shooter. As we ve seen in a whole range of incidents with mass shooters, they are by definition troubled. President Obama on #Dallas: It s hard to  untangle the motives of the shooter  https://t.co/7dClE5Mjr6 https://t.co/YzdDnT3nDf  CNN (@CNN) July 9, 2016 DALLAS POLICE CHIEF S STATEMENT: ",0
16505,OBAMA Pretends He Hasn’t Started A Race War…Pushes For Federal Police Force: “It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter” [VIDEO],"It would appear that Barack didn t get the memo. Somehow he missed the part where the Dallas cop killer admitted he just wanted to kill WHITE people, more specifically he wanted to kill white cops I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested  -America s most divisive PresidentPresident Barack Obama is harnessing the increasing attacks on police in Dallas   and the periodic shootings of people by stressed cops   to push his agenda to federalize state and local police forces. I want to start moving on constructive actions that are actually going to make a difference,  he said during his evening press conference in Poland when he was asked about the Dallas attack.Those actions, he said, would be based on the recommendations of the panel that he picked after the 2014 street riots in Ferguson, Missouri. The panel offered  practical concrete solutions that can reduce   if not eliminate   the problems of racial bias,  Obama said.The dramatic shootings are an opportunity to push that agenda, Obama said.  If my voice has been true and positive, my hope would be that  [the panel] surfaces problems, it frames them, it allows us to wrestle with these issue and try to come up with practical solutions,  he said.Obama began touting the panel s recommendations in March 2015. The report, titled  President s Task Force on 21st Century Policing Report,  was published in May 2015.The report urges the federal government to federalize police training and practices, via the use of federal lawsuits, grants and threats to cut federal aid. So far, Obama s deputies have cajoled and sued more than 30 police jurisdictions to adopt federal rules in a slow-motion creation of a national police system, similar to the slow-motion creation of a federal-run health-sector via Obamacare.Obama also used the press conference to insulate his federalized police program   and his allies in the Black Live Matter movement   from popular rejection after the five police were murdered by the anti-cop African-American in Dallas.President Obama on #Dallas: It's hard to ""untangle the motives of the shooter"" https://t.co/7dClE5Mjr6 https://t.co/YzdDnT3nDf  CNN (@CNN) July 9, 2016Obama shrugged off growing criticism that his own anti-cop statements helped trigger the shootings in Dallas and several other cities on Thursday and Friday.  It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter   you have a troubled mind   what feeds it, what sets it off, I ll leave that to psychologists and people who study these kids of incidents. Throughout his press conference, Obama tried to play the role of national healer.  As painful as this week has been, I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested. Americans of all races and all backgrounds are rightly outraged by the inexcusable attacks on police   that includes protestors, it includes family members who have grave concerns about police conduct, and they ve said that this is unacceptable, there is no division there,  he said. Via: Breitbart News ",0
16506,OBAMA’S WAR ON AMERICA UPDATE: FBI ISSUES RIOT ALERT For Louisiana…New Black Panthers Coming To Baton Rouge,"We reported earlier about Dallas cop killer, Micah X. Johnson and his affiliation with the New Black Panther group, as well as Obama s past history with them. These acts leading up the GOP convention are no accident. We are living in dangerous times, and the most evil man to ever occupy our White House has been working in conjunction with BLM leaders to make sure this divisive movement succeeds The FBI issued an alert to Louisiana law enforcement agencies warning of violence against officers and planned riots in the aftermath of this week s high-profile fatal shooting of a black man by Baton Rouge Police. Judicial Watch obtained a copy of the situational information report, which was distributed to police and sheriff departments in Bossier, Caddo Parish and east Baton Rouge as well as Louisiana State Police.Titled  Violence Against Law Enforcement Officers and Riots Planned for 8-10 July 2016,  the alert warns that  multiple groups are calling for or planning riots and/or violence against law enforcement in Baton Rouge and Shreveport, Louisiana beginning Friday July 8 2016 and continuing through at least July 10, 2016. The document is labeled  FOUO  (For Official Use Only), a term the government uses to mark sensitive information that s not classified. It was issued by the New Orleans division of the FBI. The agency did not respond to multiple calls from Judicial Watch for comment.A spokesman for the Louisiana State Police Department, Lieutenant JB Slaton, referred Judicial Watch to the FBI and would not confirm or deny that his agency received it even though it appears on the list of recipients.  That s an FBI bulletin, they would need to address it,  Slaton told Judicial Watch after being provided with a copy of the FBI alert. When asked if his agency got the FBI alert Slaton continued to be evasive, responding that  it s an FBI bulletin. The alert is dated July 7 and includes disturbing images from social media, including one depicting a restrained uniformed police officer getting his throat slashed by a masked individual. Other social media images call for purging and killing all cops in Baton Rouge on July 9 and starting a riot by the courthouse in Shreveport that will tear shi_ _ down without killing our own black people.  Calling for unity in the violent protests, one social media post says  it don t matter what color you are.  Another says  must kill every police!!!!   Judicial WatchMeanwhile The  New Black Panther Party,  a militant racial group, announced that they will be arriving in Baton Rouge to protest outside of the Baton Rouge Police Department after Alton Sterling was shot during an altercation with a local officer, calling the headquarters the  pig department. On the group s social media, they called the police department the  Baton Rouge Pig Department,  a term that is often used by militants against police officers across the country, in an exclusive Hayride report.Check out the invitation to the protest, which is supposed to take place tomorrow and where sources tell the Hayride that out-of-towners are expected to show up in order to wreak havoc on the city. Via: InfoWars",0
16507,"BREAKING: FBI Didn’t Record Hillary Interview, Didn’t Make Her Swear Under Oath To Tell Truth","No worries FBI Director James Comey is has assured everyone that Crooked Hillary told the truth. She s been lying and under criminal investigation for most of her adult life, and now we re supposed to believe that she is suddenly telling the truth? Hillary Clinton did not swear an oath to tell the truth before meeting with the FBI for three and a half hours last weekend, and the interview was not recorded, FBI Director James Comey told House lawmakers on Thursday.The lack of a sworn oath does not remove the possibility of criminal penalties against Clinton if she lied to the FBI, though he said he had  no basis to conclude  that she was untruthful. Still a crime to lie to us,  Comey told the House Oversight Committee. FBI policy is not to record interviews as part of its investigations.Yet the revelations will nonetheless raise questions among Republicans, who have been skeptical of the FBI s investigation and have demanded to see the transcript of the former secretary of State s interview in downtown Washington on Saturday. Well, that s a problem,  Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) told Comey when the FBI chief explained the terms of the interview. It s pretty clear   that the American people would like to see what Hillary Clinton said to the FBI,  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters on Wednesday, a day before Comey s appearance before House lawmakers.Under FBI policy   and to the dismay of civil libertarians and staunch transparency advocates   the bureau does not conduct electronic recordings of interviews. Under the current policy, agents may not electronically record confessions or interviews, openly or surreptitiously  except in rare circumstances, the bureau said in a 2006 memo.The FBI did, however, complete a federal form summarizing the interview, known as an FD-302, Comey said.Comey himself was not among the  five or six  agents who interviewed Clinton, he testified on Thursday. But he assured lawmakers that Clinton told the truth throughout the session.Via: The Hill",0
16508,WOW! CALIFORNIA SUPREME COURT Case Decides ‘Right to Vote On Taxes’,"Wow! The people of California might lose the right to vote on taxes? Only in California would this even be a possibility!Last week the California Supreme Court agreed to hear a case that could determine whether the right to vote on local taxes, which is constitutionally guaranteed by both Propositions 13 and 218, will cease to exist.The case, California Cannabis Coalition v. City of Upland, at first glance seems limited to a narrow technical question: When a local initiative seeks to impose a new tax, does the issue need to be put to the voters at the next general election or can the proponents, relying on other laws, force a special election? But in answering that question, the lower court ruled that taxes proposed by initiative are exempt from the taxpayer protections contained in the state constitution, such as the provision dictating the timing of the election.The Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association (HJTA), which filed the petition seeking Supreme Court review, was alarmed because the constitution s taxpayer protections include the right to vote on taxes. If local initiatives are exempt from those protections, then public agencies could easily deny taxpayers their right to vote on taxes by colluding with outside interests to propose taxes in the form of an initiative, then adopting the initiative without an election.Via: iotw",0
16509,LIST OF 15 CORPORATIONS Working With Obama To Bring UNLIMITED NUMBER OF REFUGEES To America,"Buckle up America Obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform America. If the media and #NeverTrump crowd manages to convince voters to support Crooked Hillary, it will be the end of America as we know it Who will be vetting the unlimited number of potential terrorists refugees Obama is bringing to America? The White House announced last week that it is launching a  Call to Action  asking private businesses to help with the resettlement of refugees. This could be done without regard to the government cap of 85,000 total refugees, including 10,000 Syrian refugees, in 2016.Fifteen founding corporations have teamed up with the Obama administration on the effort. These are: Accenture, Airbnb, Chobani, Coursera, Goldman Sachs, Google, HP, IBM, JPMorgan Chase & Co., LinkedIn, Microsoft, Mastercard, UPS, TripAdvisor, and Western Union. The Call to Action initiative is not only to help refugees in the United States, but all over the world.In Europe for example, Mastercard  worked with Mercy Corps to distribute prepaid debit cards to eligible refugees traveling through Serbia. Approximately $75,000 was distributed to nearly 400 families and individuals.  The three main facets of this private partnership program are:  education,   employment,  and  enablement.  Education includes  facilitating refugee children and young adults  education by ensuring that refugee students can access schools of all levels.  The employment facet includes  increasing employment opportunities for refugees. Through those two parts of the initiative refugees can be settled in the United States without limit as they wouldn t fall under the purview of the government cap on refugee resettlement. Through work and education visas refugees would not actually be considered as refugees for their immigration status. One of the companies already partnered with the Obama administration, Chobani, currently has a work force in the United States that is roughly 30 percent resettled refugees. A White House fact sheet states 66 percent of refugees are of working age.Outside of employment and education, under the  enablement  part of the initiative, the White House mentions that companies can help refugees get access to financial services, technology, housing and transport. This also includes  covering costs of charter flight to bring resettled refugees to the United States (or to another country of resettlement). These refugees will be coming outside the refugee resettlement program so they would not be counted under the government cap of 10,000. These  alternative legal pathways or sponsorships  will be under employment visas, training, student visas and scholarships, visiting scholars etc,  Nayla Rush, senior researcher at the Center for Immigration Studies, told The Daily Caller.Rush added,  remember, the aim is to bring as many Syrian refugees as possible. 10,000 is the limit this [Fiscal Year] under the refugee resettlement program. No limit to these  private sponsorships , more importantly, to traceability. At a United Nations summit on September 20, Obama is going to push for  double the number of resettlement slots and alternative legal pathways for admission that are available to refugees, and increase the number of countries accepting significant numbers of refugees. Via: Daily Caller ",0
16510,BOOM! WATCH TREY GOWDY Scorch FBI Director Comey In House Hearing On Hillary’s E-mail Scandal [Video],FACT CHECK! Wow! No one knows how to question like Gowdy! ,0
16511,"AMERICA IN CRISIS: “Hillary Clinton Is A CRIMINAL Involved In a Criminal Enterprise…If The Voters Do Not Stop Her, She Will Be The Next President of the United States”","Are Democrat voters willing to risk what little integrity their party has left to get behind Crooked Hillary? Will they be inspired to go to the polls to elect someone they know has been under criminal investigation for most of her adult life? Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA), chairman of the House Oversight Committee, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about President Barack Obama s willful disregard for the law as president and the FBI s decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for her actions involving top secret emails. Issa said:We are in a crisis because Hillary Clinton, if the voters do not stop her, will be the next President of the United States. She will, in fact, on Day One say,  Pardon me,  and she ll mean it. She ll have pardoned herself. She will have, in fact, gone from being a criminal involved in a criminal enterprise   obviously, Clinton Cash depicted that   and somebody who flaunted the security laws, the privacy laws, the presidential and the Federal Records Act, and gotten away with it.Via: Breitbart News",0
16512,MIKE ROWE: A LESSON ON LIBERTY That Everyone Should Hear [Video],"Mike Rowe of the show Dirty Jobs has become a common sense voice for conservatives. His message is always on target and his delivery is usually pretty light hearted. We just love the guy!The Way I Heard It   Holiday Edition I wrote this last night around 7pm. I m posting it this morning around 7am. I point this out because optics seem to matter more than ever in this day and age, and I d hate to confirm the mistaken belief held by some that I drink beer in the morning. Even on a holiday. ",0
16513,HERE’S WHY AMERICA IS THE GREATEST No matter What The Loony Lefties Say [Video],Paul Joseph Watson is the bomb! He makes the greatest videos and cuts through the bull to get to the truth. Here s a great example of why America is the best: ,0
16514,HUMA SPILLS THE BEANS On Hillary’s Efforts To Burn Public Records,"Huma Abedin, Hillary s right hand woman, told in testimony that she burned Hillary s schedules in a  burn bag  during her tenure as Secretary of State. Even though the experts in this field are saying burning your schedule has never been done before, is their any doubt that this is just more underhanded secrecy from Hillary Clinton? Federal Records Act anyone? I ve never seen anyone put their schedule in the burn bag   because every one of them had a state.gov email address and therefore their daily schedules became public records, as required by law. Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton s longtime aide, testified last week that her boss burned her schedules while serving as secretary of state.  If there was a schedule that was created that was her Secretary of State daily schedule, and a copy of that was then put in the burn bag, that   that certainly happened on   on more than one occasion,  Abedin told lawyers representing conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch, according to the New York Post. While Clinton admitted to deleting personal emails from her homebrew server, this is the first time anyone in Clinton s State Department inner circle admitted to destroying public records while on the job.The  burn bag  is used to discard sensitive or classified documents. A former State Department employee told the New York Post it was unprecedented for a diplomat to handle schedules this way.  I spend eight years at the State Department and watched as four U.S. ambassadors and two secretaries of state shared their daily schedules with a variety of State Department employees and U.S. officials,  Richard Grenell, a former diploma and U.S. spokesman at the United Nations told the Post.  I ve never seen anyone put their schedule in the burn bag   because every one of them had a state.gov email address and therefore their daily schedules became public records, as required by law,  Grenell added. Others who the newspaper talked to suggested the carefulness in how she discarded her schedule highlighted her carelessness when it came to using a private email server.  The president s schedule was not classified but it was deemed  highly sensitive,  noted Brad Blakeman, a scheduler for President George W. Bush.  Instructions were given at the White House and on the road that schedules would be disposed of through the use of  burn bags  and/or shredding,  Blakeman told the Post. Read more: Daily Mail",0
16515,BRILLIANT DANIEL HANNAN Smacks Down Rude CNN Reporter [Video],"Please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! CNN has every right to question Daniel Hannan in the interview but notice how Christian Amanpour gets combative and angry about Brexit while she s offending Daniel Hannan by insinuating that he s racist. Conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! Amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! THIS IS WHY WE BOYCOTT CNN!Heat Street has more:British MEP Daniel Hannan Spent Nine Minutes Smacking Down CNN JournalistDaniel Hannan, a conservative Member of the European Parliament representing South East England and one of the most vocal advocates in favor of #Brexit, had a  fiery exchange  with CNN s Christiane Amanpour, in which Hannan repeatedly rejected Amanpour s attempts to smear Leave supporters as racist and pushed back against her accusations that he had made misrepresentations.The interview, which aired on Tuesday, featured Amanpour questioning Hannan for details about how Britain s exit from the European Union would be accomplished.Here s the video, with a few seconds shy of nine minutes of Hannan smacking down rudeness and ridiculousness from Amanpour over and over and over again:",0
16516,OBAMA FIGHTS TO KEEP RADICAL AGENDA ALIVE: Asks Crooked AG Loretta Lynch To Find Way To Challenge Supreme Court Decision That Blocked His Executive Order Amnesty Scheme,"This is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent Obama from anointing another radical on the Supreme Court. It might also be a good time for every American to call their representatives in Washington. Keeping another radical Obama appointee off our Supreme Court could literally be the only thing standing between a free America and one that looks more like Venezuela. This is also a reminder for anyone in the Republican party who considers themselves part of the  never Trump  movement. The Democrat party has never been more serious about, or closer to, fundamentally changing America forever The Obama administration is looking into whether it can challenge the Supreme Court s decision to block President Barack Obama s plan to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Tuesday. We will be reviewing the case and seeing what, if anything else, we need to do in court,  Lynch told Reuters in an interview.Lynch did not say what legal options the Obama administration may pursue following a split decision by the Supreme Court justices last week that left in place a block on the executive action by a lower court.She said any future executive actions Obama may take on immigration would be left to the White House.In a wideranging interview on topics from gun control to the effect of the planned exit of Britain from the European Union, Lynch identified espionage from foreign nationals on U.S. companies as a  tremendous problem. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported a 53 percent increase in cases of economic espionage between 2014 and 2015 and the majority of cases involve Chinese nationals as culprits.Most recently, Xu Jiaqiang, 30, was charged with economic espionage and theft of trade secrets, for stealing software source code from his U.S. employer with the intent of benefiting the Chinese government. It is a matter of priority for us,  Lynch said.  When companies or industries are preyed upon by others, be they individuals, be they state actors who literally steal the fruit of their intellectual labors, essentially they are stealing from future generations also.  Via: Yahoo News",0
16517,How This DAIRY FARMER Became First US Citizen To WIN Money SEIZED By IRS Over Bank Reporting Rule That Should NEVER Have Been Allowed In America,"Thank God for brave people like this farmer, who was willing to fight back against a radical government agency that has been used by the Obama regime as a pawn to enforce unconstitutional acts against Americans Four years after federal agents showed up at his Frederick, Md., farmhouse and told him they had seized the money in his bank account, dairy farmer Randy Sowers has gotten it all back.The victory followed political pressure from Congress and legal pressure from the conservative Institute for Justice on the government to roll back prosecution of the crime of structuring bank deposits to avoid Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements. I m happy in more ways than one,  Sowers said after the announcement.  Getting my money back and defeating something that was wrong. When someone puts more than $10,000 in the bank at once, the bank makes a report to the IRS. Putting less than that amount in an account so as to intentionally avoid the scrutiny is a crime. In hundreds of cases, the Justice Department has seized money from the accounts of people accused of structuring.The thing that is wrong, in the view of Sowers and his supporters, is going after people who are guilty of nothing other than trying to avoid the IRS report. He maintains that a bank teller told him it would be easier for everyone to keep deposits down and avoid the reporting requirement; he says that if anyone should have been prosecuted, it s the teller. I guess the way the law was set up, we broke it,  Sowers said,  but we had no idea. So he fought back. He testified before a congressional committee and appeared on television broadcasts aired as far away as China. As he sought support locally, it helped that his farm, South Mountain Creamery, is popular across the D.C. and Baltimore regions for its home-delivered milk and annual farm festival.In October 2014, the IRS changed its policy to say it would pursue seizure of structured assets that came only from criminal activity. In March of last year, the Justice Department announced that it would follow suit.By that time, Sowers, hesitant about getting mired in a long court battle, had already agreed to a deal under which the government took 10 percent of the $295,220 he was accused of structuring. After the change in policy last year, he filed a petition to get his money back. I mean, I could use the $29,000 right now for sure,  he told a congressional committee this May.Another Maryland farmer, Calvin Taylor of the Eastern Shore, testified at the same House Ways and Means subcommittee hearing. He said that when his funds were seized in 2011, the IRS agents who came to his home told him they did not think he had knowingly done anything wrong. But like Sowers, he said he chose to give up $41,000 rather than wage a legal battle he had little chance of winning. He has also petitioned for a refund.On Wednesday, Sowers and his attorneys got word that the petition had been granted. He s the first person who settled with the IRS to get his money back. Via: Washington Post",0
16518,OBAMA’S GAL PAL Loretta Lynch WON’T RECUSE HERSELF From Crooked Hillary’s Criminal Investigation…Despite Private Meeting With Hillary’s IMPEACHED Husband,"Reasonable Americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by Eric Holder in a skirt Friday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  Bloomberg Politics Mark Halperin cited a  senior Justice Department official  who said Attorney General Loretta Lynch will not recuse herself from the investigation into presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton use of a private email while secretary of state. Critics have called on Lynch to do so after holding a private meeting with her husband former President Bill Clinton earlier this week.Halperin also said the source does not anticipate Lynch will admit the meeting was a mistake.JUST IN   @MarkHalperin: Sr. Justice Dept. official   This was the Atty. General's intention all along https://t.co/ws9klpXEeM  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) July 1, 2016 This is a senior Justice Department official who is playing down that this is anything new,  Halperin said.  Says this was the attorney general s intention all along to let the career people decide. Quote,  She is not recusing herself. She is not stepping aside and does not expect that the attorney general will say it was a mistake to meet with Bill Clinton privately for 20 or 30 minutes.   BreitbartMeanwhile, the Washington Post reports Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch will support the recommendations from prosecutors and others leading probes into the use of a private email server by Hillary Clinton during her time as secretary of state, a Justice Department official said.Lynch s statement   expected later Friday during a gathering in Colorado   underscores the intense sensitivity surrounding the FBI and Justice investigations into the past use of an exclusive email server by the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.By promising to abide by the recommendations, Lynch would directly address worries by Clinton critics and others that she   as an Obama administration appointee   could ultimately overrule the investigators.Her expected statement reflects an apparent desire to reinforce a by-the-book approach to the Clinton case, which has already played a dominant role in Republican attacks on the campaign trail.Lynch planned to make the comments later Friday during an appearance with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado.",0
16519,RINO MITCH McCONNELL Praises Hillary Day After Benghazi Hearing…Says He Could Work With Her As President,"Is there a law against waterboarding Republican Senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the Democrat ticket Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) praised former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday   the day after the House Select Committee on Benghazi issued its final report.  She s an intelligent and capable person, no question about it,  McConnell told Time Warner Cable News, adding that he had worked well with her in the Senate and would be able to work with her as president.The Benghazi report details a pattern of incompetence, negligence, and dishonesty by Clinton and her associates. She failed to provide adequate security for U.S. diplomats in Benghazi; failed to take action to save U.S. personnel under attack on Sep. 11, 2012; and then falsely blamed an anti-Islamic YouTube video for inciting a protest that supposedly led to the attack.In addition, the Benghazi investigation uncovered the existence of Clinton s private email server, which violated State Department policies and may also have broken laws regarding the handling of classified information. Clinton seems to have used the server to evade Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, possibly in connection with fundraising for her family s private foundation while in office, including solicitations from foreign donors and governments. She has misled the public repeatedly about the email server, claiming falsely that she did not share classified information and that she had turned over all work-related emails to the government.Yet McConnell did not rule Clinton out. Instead, he said her presumptive Republican opponent, Donald Trump, had not yet proven himself qualified:Sen. Mitch McConnell:  Trump clearly needs to change, in my opinion, to win the general election. What I ve said to him both publicly and privately:  You re a great entertainer. You turn on audiences. You re good before a crowd. You have a lot of Twitter followers. That worked fine for you in the primaries. But now that you are in the general, people are looking for a level of seriousness that is typically conveyed by having a prepared text and Teleprompter and staying on message.  So my hope is that he is beginning to pivot and become what I would call a more serious and credible candidate for the highest office in the land. Geoff Bennett:  At the moment, though, I hear you saying he does not meet that threshold of credibility? McConnell:  He s getting closer. Getting closer. Via: Breitbart ",0
16520,NOT FUNNY! What These “MORONS” Did For Crooked Hillary Should FRIGHTEN Every American [VIDEO],"It s easy to see why there are so many Americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are Hillary Clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.Watch Hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:A Daily Mail Online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of Clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in, unattended for extended periods and its own clients stumbled upon other clients data.Datto Inc, the company in question, was hired to store Hillary s emails by Platte River, the mom-and-pop company contracted to maintain her  homebrew  email system.Speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, one former employee at Datto, said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. If you re talking about high-level data security, at the political, presidential level, the security level of data [at Datto] hired by Platte River, was nowhere near something that could have been protected from a good hacker that knows how to spread out their points at which to infiltrate,  he said.The emails emails, 30,000 of which Clinton deleted, are now part of an FBI investigation into her handling of classified material while she was Secretary of State.A total of 22 have been deemed to contain top secret material   out of 2,075 found to contain classified material   and questions have mounted about whether her account was successfully hacked, which the Clinton campaign claims did not happen.The existence of the emails only came to light because of a House investigation into the deaths of four American in an Islamist attack on the mission in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 2012.The probe concluded this week with an excoriating report by the majority Republican members of the committee, who accused her of  shameful  conduct with her secret email account.Clinton dismissed the report, saying it was time to  move on  and went to California to launch her policies on the tech industry.But now it can be disclosed that Datto Inc is accused of major security failings by people who worked for it and also those who used its services.The failings included allegations that security was so lax that customers warned the firm they had stumbled on other clients  data; that in 2010, the company s internal servers were hacked; and that staff were not required to regularly change passwords, seen as a basic requirement for keeping systems secure.Staff computers   which had access to servers holding confidential client information   were left logged in while unoccupied for extended periods of time, whistleblowers said.And Datto headquarters were easily accessible and had no security guards on their floor, while employees opened and held doors open for others which should only have been accessible with a security pass.A longtime Datto partner, Marc Tamarin, told Daily Mail Online:  Those guys were really morons. They weren t qualified to handle our back-up and that was the biggest concern for us. The former employee speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, spent three years at Datto, and said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. It s not something that Datto was focused on. It was more about getting the data off-site quickly and cost-effectively than securing the data and keeping it from being hacked. There s no doubt in my mind that someone could easily hack them   even today. Datto was named last October as the second data storage company to be investigated by the FBI over what threat Clinton s server posed to national security.One of the Datto insiders told Daily Mail Online that around 2010, the startup had its internal network hacked, leading to the authorities being called. Via: Daily Mail ",0
16521,WHY AG LYNCH Should Recuse Herself From Clinton E-mail Probe ASAP! [Video],INFLUENCE PEDDLING is what the Clintons do and this time it could (hopefully) have consequences. ,0
16522,FAST AND FURIOUS IN PARIS? Why ATF Silenced Phoenix Gun Owner Of Weapon Used In Paris Attack,"How crazy is it that a Fast and Furious gun was used in the Paris terror attacks? One of the guns used in the November 13, 2015 Paris terrorist attacks came from Phoenix, Arizona where the Obama administration allowed criminals to buy thousands of weapons illegally in a deadly and futile  gun-walking  operation known as  Fast and Furious. A Report of Investigation (ROI) filed by a case agent in the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco Firearms and Explosives (ATF) tracked the gun used in the Paris attacks to a Phoenix gun owner who sold it illegally,  off book,  Judicial Watch s law enforcement sources confirm. Federal agents tracing the firearm also found the Phoenix gun owner to be in possession of an unregistered fully automatic weapon, according to law enforcement officials with firsthand knowledge of the investigation.The investigative follow up of the Paris weapon consisted of tracking a paper trail using a 4473 form, which documents a gun s ownership history by, among other things, using serial numbers. The Phoenix gun owner that the weapon was traced back to was found to have at least two federal firearms violations for selling one weapon illegally and possessing an unregistered automatic but no enforcement or prosecutorial action was taken against the individual. Instead, ATF leaders went out of their way to keep the information under the radar and ensure that the gun owner s identity was  kept quiet,  according to law enforcement sources involved with the case.  Agents were told, in the process of taking the fully auto, not to anger the seller to prevent him from going public,  a veteran law enforcement official told Judicial Watch.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
16523,MUST WATCH VIDEO! HERE’S THE MOST IMPORTANT AND DANGEROUS Thing Obama And Clinton Have In Common,Politics before anything else   that s what Obama and Clinton have in common. Putting American safety before politics is what these people were supposed to do but they didn t. Shameful! ,0
16524,HUSBAND OF PRESIDENTIAL Candidate Under CRIMINAL Investigation Has Secret Meeting On Taxpayer Funded Plane With Obama’s Crooked AG [VIDEO],"Nothing to see here no conflict of interest. How can anyone wonder why Americans have completely lost their ability to trust our corrupt government?So the Attorney General of the United States just happened to run into the former president of the United States who just so happens to be married to a woman running for president, who just happens to be under federal investigation and they just happened to have a 30 minute meeting aboard a government owned airplane and we re to believe that all they talked about was their grandchildren?  GPWhy Did Bill Clinton And Loretta Lynch Meet On Her Airplane In Phoenix This Week?Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with former President Bill Clinton for a half-hour on her government airplane at the Phoenix airport on Tuesday, an Arizona news station is reporting.The unannounced meeting, which comes as Lynch s Justice Department is investigating the handling of classified information on Hillary Clinton s private email server, came to light only when Phoenix s ABC15 TV station asked Lynch about it during a press conference.The Obama appointee told the TV station that she and Clinton did not discuss the investigation or any other government business. Instead, she says they talked about Clinton s grandchildren and golf.Here s the video from ABC 15:Via: Daily Caller",0
16525,CORRUPT CLINTON AIDE Rigged The Benghazi Accountability Review Board [Video],"The big question in all this corruption is why these people aren t in jail! The collusion between Cheryl Mills and Hillary Clinton had to be there. Is there anyone out there who REALLY believes that Clinton isn t culpable in all this? This entire thing is sickening!Remember the Accountability Review Board, appointed in the wake of the Benghazi attack that killed four Americans in September 2012? The ARB, headed by former ambassador Thomas Pickering, provided the first attempt at oversight over the State Department s actions in Benghazi and Libya following the sacking of the American consulate. Pickering s probe didn t bother to interview State officials of higher rank, such as Hillary Clinton, and tried to lay the responsibility on low-level staffers instead.According to the new majority report from the House Select Committee on Benghazi, that may not have been a coincidence. The report accuses longtime Hillary aide Cheryl Mills of undue influence over the ARB, from the composition of the committee to access to information and witnesses, Politico reports:Cheryl Mills, the longtime attorney, friend and former chief of staff for Hillary Clinton, influenced the findings of an internal State Department review of the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack, according to a draft of the final House Benghazi Committee report.A section of the report obtained by POLITICO says the so-called Accountability Review Board did not act independently, as it was supposed to do, and was consistently influenced by Mills. Mills, the report says, helped select members of the panel, gave at least one other State Department official permission to talk to the reviewers, oversaw the production of some documents reviewed by the board and helped edit the final report. The decisions to deviate from longstanding processes raise questions about the board s independence, thoroughness and therefore the fullness of their findings of accountability,  the report reads. Recall Pickering s response to Bob Schieffer three years ago, when asked about the ARB s decision to skip interviewing higher-ranking officials, and his attempts to let Kennedy off the hook.  We knew where the responsibility rested,  he insisted. I wonder who made that clear to him? Hmmm: ",0
16526,HYSTERICAL VIDEO Snippets Of Lefty Media Talking Heads Whining About BREXIT…And Xenophobia,This collection of video snippets of the lefty loony media freaking out over Brexit is alarming yet really funny. They just can t seem to grasp the fact that the British people want their country back. It s almost like it s just too much to ask for according to these angry elves  ,0
16527,WOW! STATE DEPARTMENT Lies Again About The Big Lie That The Benghazi Attack Was Caused By A Video,Watch this State Department spokesperson tap dance around the big lie that the Benghazi attack was caused by a video. These people are evil! ,0
16528,BREAKING: Benghazi Report Shows State Department Withheld Weapons To Agents Because They Were Not “Aesthetically Pleasing”,"Newsflash Hillary WAR is not aesthetically pleasing! Is this the kind of President America would like to have making decisions that impact our national security? If she took away the ability for these 4 brave men to defend themselves, how does anyone honestly believe she is capable of acting as our Commander In Chief?House Republicans released their final report on the Benghazi terrorist attacks Tuesday morning. The report concludes what we already knew. that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton DID NOTHING to save US lives in Benghazi on September 11, 2012.FOX News reported on Tuesday the State Department withheld the requested weapons from agents on the ground because they were not  aesthetically pleasing. Adam Housley: When we talk about those with reactions I spoke with including one special agent who was on the ground that night who says to me in Benghazi, quote,   the report continues to show how ridiculous the STate Department makes it to give support to a special agent on the ground when he says he needs support. There were about 10 of us who continually asked for more weapons and more security in Benghazi and were routinely denied.  And we reported on that because the State Department told him it wasn t aesthetically pleasing to have a belt-fed machine gun, for example.WATCH:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16529,CROWD OF GERMAN PATRIOTS Greets Merkel Shouting “TRAITOR!”,Merkel was booed by residents of Saxony who re 100% FED Up! with her open borders policy sound familiar? ,0
16530,BARACK OBAMA SHOWS HE’S SERIOUS About Fighting Terrorism…Releases Osama Bin Laden’s Bodyguard From Gitmo,"Obama doing what Obama does best putting radical Muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against America The Obama administration has released from the Guantanamo Bay prison an al Qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden s personal bodyguard, according to an announcement by the Defense Department.Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi, a top terror operative who had planned to participate in the 9/11 attacks and who received training to be a suicide bomber, was freed from Gitmo and transferred to Montenegro.Al Rahabi is just the latest accused terrorist to be released from prison by the Obama administration as it pursues an end-of-administration effort to clear out Gitmo and shut it down.The release was condemned by some in Congress who have opposed the administration s efforts to shutter Gitmo. The administration is playing Russian roulette with America s safety by releasing 9/11-plotter Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi from Gitmo,  Sen. Mark Kirk (R., Ill.) said in a statement.  Rehab s transfer abroad is all the more alarming after terrorist Ibrahim al-Qosi resurfaced in December 2015 in the Arabian Peninsula as the top recruiter for al Qaeda after being transferred from Gitmo to Sudan.  Via: WFB",0
16531,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “We’re tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in Washington” [Video],Next stop after BREXIT is the US! Judge Jeanine nails it and says we need to know the facts to fight this elitist agenda. We re  tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in Washington . ,0
16532,ICELAND’S STUNNING ELECTION OF ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT Political Novice Should Have Hillary Shaking In Her Pants Suit,"The anti-establishment tide is rolling across Europe. You really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of Muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. If this sentiment catches fire in America this summer, it will not likely bode well for Crooked Hillary at the polls in November, given that Trump is the ultimate non-establishment politician History professor Gudni Johannesson won Iceland s presidential election after riding a wave of anti-establishment sentiment, final results showed Sunday, although the vote was eclipsed by the country s eagerly-anticipated Euro football match.The political newcomer, who won with 39.1 percent of votes, was trailed by businesswoman Halla Tomasdottir, also without party affiliation, who took 29.4 percent, according to results announced on public television channel RUV.Johannesson only decided to run for the presidency after the so-called Panama Papers leak in April which detailed offshore accounts and implicated several senior Icelandic politicians, including the prime minister who was forced to resign.Throughout the campaign, Johannesson emphasised his non-partisan vision of the presidency, and vowed to restore faith in the political system after years of public anger toward politicians over scandals and financial woes.The victory was especially sweet for the history professor and political commentator, who has never held public office and has no party affiliation, as he celebrated his 48th birthday Sunday.David Oddsson, a former conservative prime minister who had been Johannesson s closest rival throughout most of the campaign, garnered just 13 percent of votes. The representative of the old era  has been rejected, people are looking to the future,  University of Akureyri political science professor Gretar Eythorsson told AFP.The president in Iceland holds a largely ceremonial position. More important legislative elections are due in the autumn.But the outrage that fuelled mass street protests in April and led to ousting of premier Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson appeared to have dissipated somewhat as euphoria erupted over the Icelandic football squad achieving a historic feat in the Euro 2016 football tournament.A North Atlantic island of just 334,000 people, Iceland beat Austria 2-1 on Wednesday to qualify for the last 16 in its first major international competition, and will face off against England on Monday.Britain s vote to leave the European Union also headlined the news on the eve of the election in Iceland, which itself had applied for EU membership in 2009 after suffering a devastating financial crisis in 2008, but abandoned the bid six years later.Like most of Iceland s voters, Johannesson is opposed to EU membership. Via: Yahoo News",0
