id,title,text,label
5511, Republicans Working To Make Unprecedented Move Into Everyone’s Bedrooms,"In constructing the 2016 Republican platform, delegates seem to be running a contest over who can come up with the silliest, dumbest, most outrageous planks imaginable. This latest one, which was just presented, is probably the most egregious example of the GOP s love of limited government everywhere except in people s private lives, because morals.Mary Forrester, who is not-surprisingly a delegate from North Carolina, introduced an amendment to rein in use of adult material in a subcommittee meeting on healthcare, education and crime. She said: Pornography, with his [sic] harmful effects, especially on children, has become a public health crisis that is destroying the life of millions. We encourage states to continue to fight this public menace and pledge our commitment to children s safety and wellbeing. Really?A public health crisis?Because adult material is totally on the same level as gun violence and superbugs.The stupid it burns!Before this  we must legislate everyone s morality  amendment was presented, that particular plank in the GOP s platform was more or less limited to trying to ensure that the internet didn t become a safe haven for sex offenders. They encouraged vigorous prosecution for sex offenders also, which makes sense.Forrester, though, is a member of the religious right, which means deciding what people can and cannot do in their private lives and crying out,  But really, it s for the children!  which is absolute horseshit. She s also one of the many delegates working their asses off to alienate everyone who isn t Christian and straight by condemning every form of relationship that isn t male-female.She and the Christian group, Concerned Women for America, believe that the widespread availability and use of adult material is just too addicting for young people, and therefore, it s up to the state governments to curb it: It s such an insidious epidemic and there are no rules for our children,  Forrester said.  It seems to be for young people, they do not have the discernment and so they become addicted before they have the maturity to understand the consequences.' Yes, by all means, let s put Prohibition in place for anything to do with sex, too, because it always works. That s why we have no more alcohol or drugs anywhere at all in this country oh wait.Of course, the GOP is pretty much under the full control of the religious right, which is packed with pseudo-Christians who think it s their god-given duty to tell everyone, everywhere, how to live every aspect of their lives. They do it under the guise of,  It s for the public good,  like they are with bathroom laws, but really, they just want everyone to stop with the stuff that makes them feel all icky. Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5512, Racists Call For Deaths Of Black People After Fox Reporter Makes Hit Piece On BLM (VIDEO),"Emotions around the nation are raw due to the rash of violence that we have experienced in the past week. First, there were back to back shootings of black men at the hands of police, first Alton Sterling in Louisiana, and then Philando Castile in Minnesota. Of course, the world is watching in both cases. To top it all off, a deranged individual with military training and an ax to grind decided to target police during a peaceful protest in Dallas, Texas. Therefore, it is important that visitors to these tense areas treat the situation with sensitivity. However, that doesn t seem to be the order of the day for one Fox reporter.A video was taken of a protest in St. Paul, Minnesota, where it seems a Fox reporter is attempting to bait protesters. The video is little more than a hit piece, with a reporter who clearly does not care about the protesters or why they are there. Understandably, the protesters tell the reporter to leave, but he refuses. The confrontation becomes more and more heated as he shoves the microphone into the protester s face. Here is the footage. (WARNING: NSFW language):As if that weren t bad enough, particularly the fact that the video is clearly cut to be a total hit piece, the comments are even worse. Many even call for the deaths of black people. Again, these images are NSFW and contain offensive language:This is beyond despicable. These people are testament to just how racist the opposition to #BlackLivesMatter really is. These are people who are literally protesting for lost lives, and here these imbeciles are calling for more deaths. We have a lot of work to do when it comes to racism in America, no matter how much so-called  evidence  there is from the right wing that racism is over.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5513, Trump’s ‘Spiritual Advisor’ Is Just Another Con Artist And She Stole Her Con From Harry Potter,"It seems that every time we turn around, there s a new layer to the con that is Donald Trump. While we re in the thick of the presidential election, Trump is being accused of conning people with his Trump University. He s conning people with email fundraising scams. He s even conning people with his fake knowledge of the Constitution and his fake Christianity.If you re still not sure about that last one (after all, he is the favorite for Evangelicals), it s been uncovered that his  spiritual advisor  is herself a con artist who scams people out of $1,144 each in a Harry Potter inspired scam.Trump credits Pastor Paula White with his conversion to Christianity. The two have a lot in common. White is an attractive blonde (likely just his type) and at 50, she, like Trump, has been married three times. She s known Trump for a long time and has claimed that his conversion came long before Trump began his run for office. I can absolutely tell you that Mr. Trump has a relationship with God. He is a Christian, he accepts Jesus as his Lord and savior,  White said in a rare interview with POLITICO, reflecting on a relationship with the New York tycoon that has now spanned more than 14 years.She won t elaborate, though, on the exact moment Trump decided to accept Jesus as his Lord and savior. One thing that might attract him to her brand of Christianity is her belief that God wants people to be wealthy. She happily flaunts her wealth, even if much of it is ill gotten. She s in trouble with the IRS, she has business troubles and she s common tabloid fodder.White, an author and TV personality who at one time had  millions in the bank,  has had financial challenges of her own. In the early 2000s, the ministry s spending habits drew scrutiny first from the IRS, and then from Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who launched a congressional probe. The probe was eventually dropped (her ministry didn t fully respond to congressional inquiries, according to reports at the time). The Tampa-based church that she and her ex-husband founded and led   which began to fall apart after their 2007 divorce   declared bankruptcy in 2014, though by then she was leading another church, in Orlando.One specific scam, though, came straight from the Harry Potter novels. For the low, low price of $1,144, White will sell her rubes a  resurrection seed,  much like Harry Potter s  resurrection stone.  The resurrection seed promises to resurrect the dead. The $1,144 figure came from John 11:44, which says,  I believe for resurrection life. Preaching the story of Lazarus who Jesus resurrected from the dead in John 11:38-44, White promised believers in a video appeal that if they would sow the seed and have faith, she believed deliverance would come. I don t know what is dead. I don t know what the enemy sent a death to. I don t know what decision that caused death to come upon whatever the situation you re facing, but I do know that God has sent me to you to bring resurrection life. To tell you that I believe that as we put our faith together before Easter Sunday on March 27, there s gonna be resurrection life in your life,  said White. The grave clothes are coming off,  she continued.  Whatever residue of death. Whatever residue is holding you back, it is coming off. Source: Christian PostSo, in other words, Paula White is just as much of a con artist as Donald Trump himself is. Birds of a feather.Featured image via Pastor Paula White s website and John Sommers II at Getty Images.",0
5514, Dallas Police Chief Tells Congress To Shove Their Thoughts And Prayers: ‘Do Your Jobs!’ (VIDEO),"It started out as an observation, then it turned into a joke, and but it s become downright insulting. Each time America suffers from another horrific mass shooting, Republicans in Congress send their  thoughts and prayers  and do absolutely nothing else. Rather than work towards solutions, conservative politicians have found that merely saying a prayer before bed somehow absolves them of their reprehensible inaction towards gun violence.And Dallas Police Chief David Brown, like so many of us, is absolutely fed up.At a press conference updating the country about the investigation into the ambush of police officers in Dallas following a peaceful anti-police brutality march, he didn t remain silent about the culpability of Congress. In short, Chief Brown has had a lot of long days trying to fulfill his obligation to the public and get answers, but he s noticed lawmakers can t say the same. It s been business as usual   and that means no business on finding solutions to mass shootings.Dallas Police Chief Brown to Congress:  Do your job  pic.twitter.com/rhhoWPKSVX  Colin Jones (@colinjones) July 11, 2016Brown is not alone. Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings (D) recently pointed out something that conservatives had hoped would go unnoticed: Open Carry, the movement that allows Texans the right to carry AR-15s nearly anywhere in public, didn t help during the police ambush, and actually made everything much, much worse. Rawlings said Dallas police Chief David Brown told him that people running through the shooting scene with rifles and body armor required officers to track them down and bring them to the police department.  Whether that was time that could have been spent trying to find and stop the shooter is something police will have to comment on. Major Max Geron of the Dallas PD didn t mind answering that question:  There was also the challenge of sorting out witnesses from potential suspects. Texas is an open carry state, and there were a number of armed demonstrators taking part. There was confusion on the radio about the description of the suspects and whether or not one or more was in custody. Dallas police have every right to feel frustrated and sickened by the response from both their state Republican Party and the ones in Washington, D.C. Law enforcement agencies have repeatedly warned pro-gun lawmakers that these fanatical pushes to put guns in every citizen s hands and in every corner of public life means putting both civilians and cops at risk. It makes policing harder. It makes mass murder easier. And it makes the lines between  good guy with a gun  and  bad guy with a gun  impossible to separate.To be clear, Democrats need to bear some responsibility for inaction as well. After massacres at Sandy Hook and Aurora, there was motivation from Americans to finally fix this problem   and Democrats let it slip through their fingers. Following Orlando, progressive lawmakers seemed to show signs that enough was enough, but they need to keep at it.The way forward is simple: Congress needs to put the lives of American citizens above the  rights  of an AR-15. Do. Your. Jobs.Watch an extended cut of Police Chief Brown s comments below: On the subject of guns, @DallasPD says the policy makers need to do their jobs https://t.co/Aa2LZ0VlCn pic.twitter.com/kjXACzLJC8  CBS News (@CBSNews) July 11, 2016Featured image via CBS News",0
5515, Video Footage Shows Houston Man Shot By Cops Had His Hands In The Air (VIDEO),"At around 12:40 am on Saturday, July 9, two Houston, Texas police officers shot and killed Alva Braziel.Immediately after the shooting, police released a series of statements in an attempt to show that the shooting was  justified. As KHOU reports here:Houston Police Department spokeswoman Jodi Silva said the two officers were on routine patrol just before 1 a.m. when they spotted the man, holding a gun.Silva said when police approached him, the man was pointing the gun straight up in the air. She said they ordered him to drop it. She said a bystander did, too. Who is speaking with the suspect, telling him,  Put the weapon down. Put the weapon down,'  Silva said.Instead, officers said, the man pointed his gun at them.Watch the video below, courtesy of KHOU:Newly released video from a gas station near the scene of the officer-involved shooting appears to show Braziel with his hands in the air at the time he was shot.At the beginning of the video, Braziel can be seen walking up the street toward the gas station where the security footage was captured. He does not appear to be waving a gun or behaving erratically.At the 27-second mark, the first police car arrives on the scene. According to police they were just driving by and saw Braziel waving a gun around in the street. The video does not support this statement.It shows Braziel raising his hands in the air the minute he sees police coming.Eleven seconds after the first police car pulls up, Braziel falls to the ground, his body struck by ten bullets.Watch the security footage below, courtesy of Kory Watkins on YouTube:Police also claim that a bystander was trying to convince Braziel to put the gun down. The video also casts doubt on this statement.One unidentified witness to the shooting, who posted this video to YouTube, states that Braziel didn t do nothing. She states: They just rolled up on him. They said the man was shooting in the air and the police just came up and started shooting. They just shot at somebody, whoever was walking, they just shot him. Watch the video below:According to Houston police, both officers involved in the shooting were wearing body cameras. The police department has not yet released the footage from the officer s cameras.The two officers who pumped ten bullets into Alva Braziel have been placed on leave pending an internal investigation.Image credit: video screen capture KHOU",0
5516, White Police Officer Fired After Threatening Black Child On Facebook (VIDEO),"Just before midnight on Friday, July 8, LaNaydra Williams discovered a chilling comment on her Facebook page. The words were posted beneath a photo of Williams, who is Black, posing together with her five-year-old daughter.The comment read: We ll see how much her life matters soon   better be careful leaving your info in the open where she can be found. Hold her close tonight, it ll be the last time. Williams, who lives in Texas, had never seen or spoken to the poster, identified on Facebook as Rodney Lee.She went to his Facebook page, and immediately saw pictures of a man wearing a police uniform. She contacted authorities immediately.The officer who left the message on her daughter s picture was identified as Rodney Lee Wilson. Until Sunday, Wilson was an officer working for the Overland Park Police Department, in Kansas.Williams says that Overland Park officials initially claimed Wilson s Facebook page was hacked.On Sunday, however, following an internal investigation, Oakland Park police acknowledged that Wilson did leave the threatening comments on Williams  photo.Overland Park Police Chief, Francis Donchez Jr, issued an official statement regarding the incident, on July 10.A post on the Overland Park Police Department s Facebook page reads: This morning, the Overland Park Police Department received notification about a Facebook post, reportedly made by one of our officers  from his personal Facebook account. I immediately initiated an investigation into the officer s actions and requested it be completed in a timely manner,  said Police Chief Francis Donchez Jr. During the investigation, by our Professional Standards Unit, we learned our officer did in fact make this post,  Donchez said.  It was obvious that our officer did not meet the standards of professionalism for the Overland Park Police Department. Overland Park has terminated the officer, effective immediately. The official post goes on to say: A criminal investigation is underway as a result of information discovered during the course of the personnel investigation. During an interview with Fox 4, Williams said she remains very fearful of the former-officer.  I don t know anything about this man,  she told reporters, stressing that she has no idea whether he will try to retaliate against her or her daughter.Watch the interview below from Fox 4 in Kansas.Image credit: video screen capture via Fox 4",0
5517," What Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Just Said About Trump Is Perfect, And He Won’t Like It","Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is not a fan of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. The justice, who is considered by many to be the preeminent progressive currently on the court, made the unusual step of opining on the election in an interview. I can t imagine what this place would be   I can t imagine what the country would be   with Donald Trump as our president,  she said.  For the country, it could be four years. For the court, it could be   I don t even want to contemplate that. It reminded her of something her husband, Martin D. Ginsburg, a prominent tax lawyer who died in 2010, would have said. Now it s time for us to move to New Zealand,  Justice Ginsburg said, smiling ruefully.Justice Ginsburg also scolded Senate Republicans for refusing to hold hearings on Merrick Garland, President Obama s nominee to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia. Ginsburg noted that  he is about as well qualified as any nominee to this court  and pointed out that for the Senate, vetting justices is their  job  and Republicans are avoiding that.Responding to Republicans who say they can t hold hearings while Obama is still in office, Ginsburg notes,  There s nothing in the Constitution that says the president stops being president in his last year. Ginsburg is 83, and it is highly possible that the next President will have to choose her successor. Justice Kennedy is 79, while Justice Breyer is 77. The next President is highly likely to have to consider multiple judicial appointments to the Supreme Court, a position with the potential to have enormous ripple effects not only on millions of American citizens, but billions of people around the world who are affected by what happens here.In the interview Ginsburg said she would like to see the decision in Citizens United overturned. That decision effectively said there were no limits on how much money can be spent on elections, and have led to the rise of super PACs.Featured image via Flickr",0
5518, Giuliani To Black Fathers: ‘Real Danger’ To Your Sons Is ‘Other Black Kids’ Not Cops (VIDEO),"Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani told black fathers who are worried about the safety of their sons that the  real danger  isn t police officers. Oh no, of course not. The  real danger  is  other black kids. During an appearance on CBS s Face The Nation, Giuliani said that black fathers need to teach their sons to respect law enforcement and recognize that the  real danger  comes from within the inherently violent black community.If I were a black father, and I was concerned with the safety of my child, really concerned about it and not in a politically activist sense, I would say,  Be very respectful of the police.  Most of them are good. Some can be very bad. And just be very careful.I d also say, be very careful of those kids in the neighborhood and don t get involved with them because, son, there s a 99 percent chance they re going to kill you, not the police. And we ve got to hear that from the black community. And what we ve got to hear from the black community is how and what they are doing among themselves about the crime problem in the black community.Giulini has a long history of pushing the myth of black on black crime. He doubled down on his argument this Sunday, completely ignoring the fact that when these  other black kids  that he speaks of commit a murder, they go to jail. However, when a cop is the one that pulls the trigger all they get is a paid vacation, even when there are witnesses and video evidence.If you want to deal with this on the black side, you ve got to teach your children to be respectful to the police, and you ve got to teach your children that the real danger to them is not the police, the real danger to them 99 out of 100 times are other black kids who are going to kill them. That s the way they re going to die.Watch Giuliani s interview here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8cUAb3df0M]Featured image via video screen capture",0
5519," Republican Senator Arrested After Attacking Landscaper With Shovel, ‘Other Lawn Equipment’ (VIDEO)","Mississippi senator Chris Massey, who is chair of the state ethics committee, was arrested on assault charges early last week.WMCA reports that the republican senator and his father started a brawl with a local landscaper and one of his employees, who were trying to reach the home of a client.Massey and his father, Jack Massey, reportedly blocked the road, refusing to let the landscaping truck pass.An argument broke out, which escalated after the senator spit in the face of the landscaping employee. He spit in my employee s face and it made him so mad, so he pushed him off him and that s when the old man reached in the truck and got a shovel,  the landscaper told reporters.According to WMCA,  the situation escalated quickly and resulted in a shovel, tire iron, and other lawn equipment being swung. At one point Massey even threatened to get a gun from his vehicle.Eventually the police arrived and brought the situation under control. Massey and his father are both facing aggravated assault charges. The landscaping employee is also facing charges.During an interview with WMCA, the homeowner who hired the landscaping company said: It makes me mad that they would treat him like he is nobody and wouldn t let him come down the street. According to neighbors, this is not the first time that the Massey family has caused problems in the Olive Branch, Mississippi community.Neighbor Dale Spikes told the station that Jack Massey tried to get him to come out and brawl with him in the street. Spikes said he has been forced to call police on the family several times. He even went as far as to make a sign warning other people about them. He s the Chair of the Ethics committee, and that is very, very, scary,  Spikes told WMCA.Here s more on the story from WMCA.WMC Action News 5   Memphis, TennesseeFeatured image via video screen capture WMCA",0
5520," #PresidentObamaNotBarry Protests Blatant Racism Against Obama, Righties Still Make It About Them","There is a hashtag trending on Twitter in protest of Maureen Dowd, a prominent, white op-ed columnist for The New York Times who called President Obama  Barry.  The op-ed is called  The Clinton Contamination,  but makes a point of disrespecting President Obama with that racist, derogatory nickname. Right-wingers decided they needed to co-opt the tag to attack the left on Twitter, proving that they really do think everything is about them.Some of them insisted that they were just trying to keep the conversation on Hillary and her many imagined crimes, while others went full birther, and full racist on Obama himself. There are plenty of tweets from liberals attacking conservatives, too, but it s very telling that conservatives refuse to see that Dowd s use of the nickname,  Barry,  is intentionally spoken with racist overtones.#FraudBarry grew up Muslim, mass imported Muslims, & facilitated terrorHe s a terrorist#PresidentObamaNotBarry pic.twitter.com/AZXNWgztpV  Jared Wyand (@JaredWyand) July 10, 2016 I will not show respect to Barry as he is someone who routinely disrespects my intelligence, history, and people#PresidentObamaNotBarry  Appalachian Son (@KinFolkFirst) July 10, 2016(Because white Southerners are such an oppressed group of people, are they not?)#PresidentObamaNotBarry Not falling for your hashtag that takes away from Hillary corruption! #ClintonContamination https://t.co/UvzioP9dRL  Sabrina (@Z3pp3in) July 10, 2016 His OWN MOTHER called him Barry ferkryssakes. HIS CHILDHOOD FRIENDS. Stop whitesplaining you liberal freaks. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Annie #NeverTrump (@bloodless_coup) July 10, 2016i know the left needs constant distractions to keep its latent internal divisions from tearing it apart, but c mon#PresidentObamaNotBarry  Yung Harambe (@TrumpHat) July 10, 2016 Barry had the perfect opportunity to unite this country. Instead he created a race war. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Joe (@PatriotinOC) July 10, 2016(White racists who spew hateful rhetoric against the entire black community can t possibly be the problem here.)#PresidentObamaNotBarry is a hashtag that offends people? People should be more offended by a POTUS that lies constantly & divides you.  LATiffani (@LATiffani1) July 10, 2016 I don t normally rail against political correctness but #PresidentObamaNotBarry is a politically correct cover up for #ClintonContamination.  Daniel Knight (@DanielK41727521) July 10, 2016#PresidentObamaNotBarry he is a liar covering another liar pic.twitter.com/LM5sZJzMb6  Jenna Abrams (@Jenn_Abrams) July 10, 2016 #PresidentObamaNotBarryHey Progs! Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry Barry & Barry  Peter Deacon (@AmerPatriot1) July 10, 2016Barry Soetoro? Isnt that his real name? #PresidentObamaNotBarry  01000110 01010101 (@hitman0321) July 10, 2016 BARRY Hussein Obama doesn t deserve respect. He s a traitor.#PresidentObamaNotBarry  Patrick Henry (@FightNowAmerica) July 10, 2016There are, of course, some saying that calling George W. Bush  Dubya,  Bill Clinton  Slick Willie,  and Richard Nixon  Tricky Dick  are exactly the same as calling Obama  Barry.  Here s why they aren t:  Barry  is what the birthers were calling Obama way back when they started their racist birther horse pucks. It carries a racist connotation because the birther movement made it that way.Besides that,  W.  may have been created as a way to distinguish George W. from his father, George H.W. way back in the 1970s.  Tricky Dick  and  Slick Willie,  while disrespectful, weren t created with racist intentions. But racists can t be expected to understand that. They re the most put-upon demographic in the nations.So after Dubya, Slick Willie, Tricky Dick, etc., you re telling me Barry s off the table? Go find better outrages. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Thomas Keister (@thomaskeister) July 10, 2016 So can we also not use Honest Abe, Bill, or Dubya? Just saying. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Amanda Johnson (@ama_ro_jo) July 10, 2016Didnt everyone call Bush  Dubya ? Dont Obama s own supporters call him  Barry ? Yall need to calm down & make memes. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Jackie From Allstate (@AllstateJackie) July 10, 2016 George Bush was called  W  and not a fuck was given. Get over your silly-assed outrage  #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Brian Hammons (@BriHam8) July 10, 2016The creator of the hashtag, Peter Daou, stuck around on Twitter to explain why he created it in the first place, as well as defend it. There were others, too, who pointed out that this is possibly the worst time to run an op-ed that uses an intentionally racially-charged nickname for our first black president.I created #PresidentObamaNotBarry because a prominent white NYT columnist calling our first black POTUS  Barry  is profoundly disrespectful.  Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 10, 2016 It s demeaning, disrespectful of the office, belittling and racially-tinged. Does that help? #PresidentObamaNotBarry https://t.co/TFbusVzn3I  Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 10, 2016Considering profound race issues facing U.S., @nytimes should APOLOGIZE for allowing @NYTimesDowd to refer to @POTUS as  Barry.  A disgrace.  Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 10, 2016 After this week in America? No, @NYTimesDowd Just No. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Gnu Bangs  (@GopSux2) July 10, 2016Dowd referring to POTUS as  Barry  in  The Clinton Contamination  attempts to further divide us after a tragic week. #PresidentObamaNotBarry  Kaivan Shroff (@KaivanShroff) July 10, 2016 Tell Maureen Dowd she ought to refer to President Obama with respect, especially at a time like this #PresidentObamaNotBarry@NYTimesDowd  Millennials4Hillary (@StillWithHer) July 10, 2016As of the time of this posting, #PresidentObamaNotBarry had well over 28,000 tweets, and was the second top trending hashtag on Twitter. By contrast, #ClintonContamination was a distant fourth. Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
5521, This Texas Pro-Cop Facebook Page Shared This Racist Image And It Went Viral (IMAGES),"For the entirety of the last week, there has been an endless string of politicians and pundits filling the internet and airwaves with accusations that the Black Lives Matter movement has created a negative view of police officers across the United States. Even President Obama scolded social media commentators, asking those that communicate there to not give into over generalizations about the police.Oddly enough, those same people have been very quiet about the extremely racist rhetoric coming from both police officers and their supporters (whatever that means).Take for example this extremely racist and inappropriate post that the Texas Sheriff s Deputies Facebook page shared just after the shooting in Dallas, Texas that resulted in the deaths of five police officers:This isn t an over generalization. It isn t just a funny post that was posted by those  trying to find humor to cope with stress, hurt, and anger  as one of the admins claims. It is an incredibly racist, inappropriate, and misinformed image macro. During a time when racial tensions in the United States are at a boiling point, when people are seriously concerned there is going to be a full-blown race war, a pro-cop page shares something like this. There are a plethora of examples of police officers, saying, writing, and sharing racist things on the internet or elsewhere.Police officers and their supporters need to think twice about what they post online. There is no justification for this type of  humor  ever   but especially right now in this precarious time. One cannot support or be a good cop and support inflammatory racist messaging like this. Right now, more than ever, police officers need to take a cue from homeland security   if you see something, say something.Featured image from screenshots",0
5522, NYPD SLAPS Trump Down Cold For Trying To Politicize Them Following Dallas Shooting,"There is nothing that Donald Trump, our resident Narcissist-in-Chief, loves more than promoting himself following a tragedy. To that end, he contacted the NYPD to address a roll call following the shootings in Dallas, presumably to get pictures that show just how much he supports our law enforcement officers, and garner more support and donations to send back to his own businesses. NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton, though, said they slapped him down hard for that: We don t allow the department to be politicized, and inasmuch as he is engaged in a political campaign, that would be a politicizing of the department. But he s Donald Trump! The real-estate magnate! He s the bestest, strongest, most leader-y candidate we ve got. A photo-op isn t politicizing, it s publicly showing support. He probably would want them to throw a ticker-tape parade for him afterward, too, to properly display their gratitude for his amazing, ongoing support.To be sure, Bratton would have turned Hillary Clinton down, too, if she d asked for the same thing. She did call the NYPD to speak to them following Dallas. Unlike King Donnie, however, she just wanted to speak with them   she didn t also want to grandstand with them as her personal props.Bratton also spoke to the press on Friday about the Trumpeter-in-Chief s request: Our interest is staying out of the politics of the moment, and not to provide photo ops,  he told reporters.  If Mr. Trump wants to speak to me, I would be happy to brief him on what we re doing. If Sen. Clinton wants to speak to me, I would very happy to brief her on what we re doing. But we are not in the business of providing photo ops for our candidates. Of course, King Dunce s campaign is denying that they ever sent the request, probably to cover for the horrible embarrassment of being rejected. You just don t reject King Dunce for anything if you want to be treated  fairly  after he becomes President Dunce.Photo of Bill Bratton by Kena Betancur/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Images cropped and merged by Rika Christensen",0
5523," Republican VP Candidate Makes Trump Proud, Uses Racial Slur To Describe Undocumented Immigrants","Donald Trump is more than likely leaning toward picking retired Lt. General Michael Flynn as his vice-presidential running mate after this.During an interview on The Week with guest host Martha Raddatz, Flynn referred to undocumented immigrants as  illegals. Flynn is currently on Trump s shortlist of possible running mates so he made sure to match the Republican nominee s anti-immigration rhetoric.Raddatz asked Flynn if all undocumented immigrants should be rounded up and deported. Flynn not only replied by using what many consider to be a racial slur, by using it he suggested that Trump would round them all up and send them back across the border as he builds his massive and expensive wall along the U.S.-Mexican border. Let s talk about immigration,  Raddatz began.  Let me ask you immigration: should all undocumented immigrants be deported? So undocumented or illegal?  Flynn asked in some attempt for clarification. Undocumented, illegal  Raddatz replied.Then Flynn proceeded to lecture Raddatz. Are they here illegally? I mean, if they re here illegally, then it s illegal. I mean, again, back to my very first point, the rule of law in this country is probably the single biggest strategic advantage that we have, above and beyond all other countries in the world. And we cannot allow the rule of law to break down. Here s the video via YouTube. The anti-immigrant remarks begin at the 5:18 mark:While the act of crossing the border without permission is illegal, the people doing it are not. Actions are illegal, not people. But because they are inherently racist, conservatives prefer using this term to describe Hispanic people whom they do not want in America.That s why the correct term to use is  undocumented. Elsewhere in the interview, Flynn also accused Hillary Clinton of blaming all white people for the killing of innocent black people by police officersLt. General Michael Flynn served his country honorably during his many years of service, some of which were under President Obama, who appointed him as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2012.He is also a registered Democrat, although he claims that today s Democratic Party isn t the same one he grew up with, which is weird considering Democrats are fighting for social justice, women s rights, and civil rights just as they have been doing since Flynn was a child in the 1960s, so it s a little bit of a head-scratcher as to why he would want to ruin his reputation by agreeing to be vetted as a potential running mate for a racist bigoted Republican candidate like Donald Trump.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5524, Sean Hannity Just Made A Bizarre Implication About Philando Castile’s Girlfriend (VIDEO),"Sean Hannity made a bizarre implication during  a segment of his conservative talk radio show The Sean Hannity Show on Friday. During the segment, Hannity called into question the motives of Philando Castile s girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds .The conservative pundit is curious to know why the woman decided to live stream Castile s death to Facebook rather than do something to help her boyfriend rather than help him. We ve had two instances where these police shootings have gone down. One is in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the other one in Minnesota. I ve never saw more bizarre video in my life than the one in Minnesota, where a woman is with her boyfriend, he s shot by the policeman, and she s live facetiming this thing to the world, commenting on it   I m just like, how about helping the person that s been shot? We ll figure out the particulars later, but it was more important I guess to get the video, Hannity said. The implication that Hannity is making, as far as I can tell, is that Castile s girlfriend was more concerned with using the situation to further the agenda of the Black Lives Matter movement than Castile himself.Which would, of course, be complete nonsense. What exactly else is one supposed to do in a situation like that? She was in a car sitting next to her dying loved one who was just shot multiple times at close range.She did what nearly anyone else would do in that situation. She bore witness and gathered as much evidence as she could to show the world the tragedy that just occurred in front of her.The right wing is so desperate to try and vilify the victims of police brutality and to discredit the Black Lives Matter movement they will try and spin every story of a POC s death at the hands of the police to fit their narrative.You can watch a video capture of the segment below.Featured image from Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
5525, Man Who Pulled Glock On Portland Protesters Was Armed With Five Magazines Of Ammo (VIDEO),"Michael Strickland, 36, was arrested after pulling a handgun on Black Lives Matter protesters in Portland, Oregon, Thursday night. Video of the incident shows Strickland pulling what appears to be a Glock 26 on protesters who were demonstrating against the recent fatal shootings of black men by police officers. It was revealed that the gun owner had a round in the chamber and five other magazines of ammunition of him while aiming the gun at the anti-police brutality group, according to court records.Strickland is accused of two counts of unlawful use of a firearm, menacing and second- degree disorderly conduct, according to The Oregonian.Multnomah County deputy district attorney Kate Molina Friday successfully argued for Strickland s bail to be set at $250,000 after two felony counts of unlawful use of a firearm were added to misdemeanor allegations of menacing and second-degree disorderly conduct.Strickland had an extended clip in his firearm that he swept at chest level multiple times in front of the demonstrators. The gun owner also waved it in front of a plain-clothed Portland police officer.Portland Officer Branden L. Combs was in Chapman Square during the protest and heard people running by him yelling,  Gun! Gun!  and  He s got a gun,  according to a probable cause affidavit.Police were told by one of the protesters that Strickland has tried to  incite or instigate others  at different demonstrations.Officer Combs witnessed the incident. He was standing just about 20 to 25 yards away from Strickland when he went all Second Amendment on the protestestors, sweeping the crowd with his firearm.After the arrest, police found an extended clip in Strickland s handgun, a round in the chamber of the gun, plus two magazines of ammunition in a belt pouch, two magazines in one of his pants pockets and one magazine in the other, Molina said. In addition, he also had a pocket knife in his right front pants pocket.According to Strickland s attorney Chris Trotter, his client was a journalist who has a concealed carry permit, adding that he  has every right to protect himself.  Trotter alleged that the District Attorney s office was  making an example  of Strickland.Molina responded, saying that  Given that Mr. Strickland pulled a gun on a crowd of people in front of the steps of the Justice Center  and has a past police report alleging  possibly race-based threats  against an attendee at a Portland vigil for the victims of last month s Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Florida, his client s bail set at $250,000 is justified.From the video, it looks like Strickland aimed his Glock at a man who is armed with only a camera.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvV3BQ-RoJw]In a separate incident, a white male showed up at a memorial for Alton Sterling, the black Louisiana man who was fatally shot by police officers.Hey guys, you re doing the Second Amendment wrong.Image via screen capture. ",0
5526," President Obama Defends Black Lives Matter Movement, Calls For Unity (VIDEO)","During a press conference in Spain Sunday morning, President Obama spoke out against  overgeneralizations  that some people are making towards police officers. At the same time, Obama praised the First Amendment and the right to protest. This follows the shooting in Dallas, Texas last week that claimed the lives of five police officers.He urged those involved with the anti-brutality and criminal justice reform movement to extend an olive branch to those who might be allies. President Obama then went on to say that the Black Lives Matter movement is a part of a  long tradition  of positive change in the United States. If we paint police in broad brush, without recognizing the vast majority of police officers are doing a really good job and are trying to protect people and do so fairly and without racial bias, if our rhetoric doesn t not recognize that then we re going to lose allies in the reform cause,  he explained.  In a movement like Black Lives Matter, there are always going to be people who say things that are stupid or are imprudent or are overgeneralized or are harsh.  Obama continued, saying  And that is sometimes messy and controversial. But because of that ability to protest and engage in free speech, America overtime has gotten better. President Obama then went on to admonish those who are blaming protestors and others within the Black Lives Matter movement for the shooting. And I don t think that you can hold well-meaning activists who are doing the right thing and peacefully protesting responsible for everything that is uttered at a protest. But I think the overwhelming majority of people that are involved in the Black Lives Matter movement, what they really want to see is a better relationship between the police and the community so that they can feel that it s serving them. President Obama has decided to cut short his trip in Spain in order to return to The United States. He will be in Dallas sometime this week where he will speak out against violence and propose policies to combat the  persistent racial disparities in our criminal justice system  according to a statement.You can watch President Obama speak at the press conference below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
5527," Joe Walsh: Americans Are Too Dumb To Understand Obama, So They’re Killing Cops (VIDEO)","Former Republican Congressman Joe Walsh appeared on CNN this week where he defended a tweet that he posted threatening President Obama and the Black Lives Matter Movement.  This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you,  Walsh tweeted after the shooting in Dallas that resulted in the deaths of five police officers on Thursday.During the appearance, Walsh insisted that he was not trying to incite violence towards President Obama. Yeah. Oh, absolutely, because I stand by what I meant, Don,  Walsh said.  I didn t intend to say everybody go threaten Barack Obama or incite violence against Barack Obama. I don t know of a sane person that would do that. That s not what I meant, Don. Walsh then went on to blame Obama for the deaths of the officers killed in Dallas. Because I m pissed off, a lot of Americans are pissed off, and a lot of police officers around the country are upset because there really is a war on our cops and a lot of police officers believe that it started with Barack Obama,  Walsh explained.  The last couple of years, Barack Obama has done nothing but hate on cops. Accusing cops of being bad and racist. But that s not accusing cops of being racist,  Lemon replied.  He s actually pointing out a fact there is systemic racism in this country and there are police departments that need to be reformed. Walsh then went on to say that most Americans   himself excluded of course   are just simply too dumb to understand what President Obama has said regarding his public statements on systemic racism in the criminal justice system. When he said there s systemic racism in the police department after the Minneapolis shooting, he s telling people on the streets that police officers are racist. Now, maybe you and I can make that distinction, but when people on the street hear the President of the United States time after time say that there is racism in police departments all over the country, man, that kind of hating leads to what you got in Dallas. Yeah, because  This is now war, Real America is coming after you,  is such a loving statement to make. Maybe if has-been Tea Party politicians such as Walsh didn t say things like  Obama has done nothing but hate on cops  repeatedly on social media and on television, then those  average people  might not be so quick to jump to the conclusion that President Obama hates police officers. You would think that a self-identifying above average person like Walsh would understand that.You can watch the segment below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmENSX7lQigFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5528, Donald Trump’s Alma Mater Just Told Him To Go F*ck Himself,"Donald Trump likes to brag that he attended the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, but while he is proud of that, the students and faculty are embarrassed that he is an alumni.In an open letter, students and faculty both past and present condemned Trump for his hateful and bigoted rhetoric and expressed outrage that he is humiliating the school by associating it with his ignorance and intolerance and rejected his use of the school name in his campaign.Here s the full letter via Medium:At the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, students are taught to represent the highest levels of respect and integrity. We are taught to embrace humility and diversity. We can understand why, in seeking America s highest office, you have used your degree from Wharton to promote and lend legitimacy to your candidacy.As a candidate for President, and now as the presumptive GOP nominee, you have been afforded a transformative opportunity to be a leader on national and international stages and to make the Wharton community even prouder of our school and values.However, we have been deeply disappointed in your candidacy.We, proud students, alumni, and faculty of Wharton, are outraged that an affiliation with our school is being used to legitimize prejudice and intolerance. Although we do not aim to make any political endorsements with this letter, we do express our unequivocal stance against the xenophobia, sexism, racism, and other forms of bigotry that you have actively and implicitly endorsed in your campaign. The Wharton community is a diverse community. We are immigrants and children of immigrants, people of color, Muslims, Jews, women, people living with or caring for those with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQ community. In other words, we represent the groups that you have repeatedly denigrated, as well as their steadfast friends, family, and allies.We recognize that we are fortunate to be educated at Wharton, and we are committed to using our opportunity to make America and the world a better place for everyone. We are dedicated to promoting inclusion not only because diversity and tolerance have been repeatedly proven to be valuable assets to any organization s performance, but also because we believe in mutual respect and human dignity as deeply held values. Your insistence on exclusion and scapegoating would be bad for business and bad for the American economy. An intolerant America is a less productive, less innovative, and less competitive America.We, the undersigned Wharton students, alumni, and faculty, unequivocally reject the use of your education at Wharton as a platform for promoting prejudice and intolerance. Your discriminatory statements are incompatible with the values that we are taught and we teach at Wharton, and we express our unwavering commitment to an open and inclusive American society.In addition, the authors of the letter spoke to NBC about their decision to write it. It was important for us to speak out against Trump because, as we have seen in many moments throughout history, silence is an act of complicity. This open letter speaks on behalf of Wharton students, alumni and faculty who wish to speak out against hate and stand in solidarity with all members of our diverse community   both at Wharton and across America. In short, Donald Trump just received a giant middle finger from the school and it s a safe bet that past faculty regret that he was ever allowed to step foot in their classrooms. Because every time Trump opens his mouth he makes it hard to believe that he could have ever actually earned a degree anywhere in the first place.Featured Image: Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
5529," School Required Teachers To Call Police On Students For Teasing, Name-Calling, Artwork And More","In May, New Jersey s Collingswood Public School System adopted a new policy that required teachers to report all incidents of student misbehavior to police.According to Collingswood Police Chief Kevin Carey, the policy required police to respond to incidents they previously would not have investigated, including anything  as minor as a simple name-calling incident that the school would typically handle internally. According to Carey, nearly every student report was forwarded to the New Jersey Division of Child Protection and Permanency.Between the time the school adopted the new policy and the end of the school year, about a month later, police had been called on Kindergartners for arguing, second-graders for calling each other names like  fat  and  short,  a game of tag that was  too rough,  and much more.Police were called on an elementary school student who reportedly made a  gun noise,  and  held his ukulele like a gun.  Another elementary school student was reported to police for calling another student  cheater,  during gym class.Police were called over a picture drawn by a student at Tatem Elementary School. The student reportedly drew a zombie holding a gun.Two second-graders were also reported to police for  roughhousing  on their way to lunch.The list of minor infractions goes on and on. Philly.com reports that many of the incidents were not even witnessed by teachers, but were made in response to complaints from other students.A parent called the school to express concerns about a game of tag that she thought was getting  too rough.  The parent later said she just wanted the school to keep a better eye on the kids during recess. The school reported the call to police.The Inquirer obtained police reports for at least 22 police visits to Collingswood Schools during a one month time period. Links to reports made by each of the district s six schools can also be found here.The school district, police and prosecutor s office all worked together to create the new policy. Parents were not informed of the change to school policy until June 27, ten days after the school year ended. In all cases, the students were interviewed by police without a parent or guardian present.It seems that local officials were hoping to get an early start on the school-to-prison pipeline.Outraged parents demanded that the school get rid of the new policy. According to Philly.com, the school system will return to the former policy of reporting students to the police only if weapons, drugs, or sexual misconduct are involved.Image credit: Collingswood Police Department via Facebook",0
5530, Nate Silver: Being Black In America Is About As Dangerous As Rwanda,"White privilege is about the fact that for Americans life is very different depending on skin color. The differences can be seen through all aspects of life, but the most stark is the fact that white people are much, much more likely to die of old age than are black people. In fact, data guru Nate Silver says that to be black in America is just about as bad as living in war torn Rwanda.Gun arguments aside if you re white in America, you re pretty damned safe. Your chance of being murdered in any given year is 2.5 out of 10,000. That s about equal to Finland, Israel and Chile. To be black, though, is very different. Your odds of being murdered about about eight times higher, or 19.4 out of every 10,000. That compares to Myanmar, Rwanda, Mexico, Brazil and Nigeria.Silver rarely expresses his political opinions (other than statistical predictions) but he did editorialize a bit on police brutality: So I m an editor now as well as a writer so we think when a story occurs is this a quote unquote  random act of violence  or is this representative of some broader trend and I think these stories about police brutality, it s uncovering things that have been going on for a long time and that are very common experiences Now that we do have video cameras everywhere it s not a coincidence that all of a sudden now that we have means to record these things all of a sudden these things crop up all the time.  Source: Raw StoryHere s the entire Katie Halper show:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/214633454  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]This is something that white Americans will never understand, no matter how hard we try. While white women might be harassed or worse on the street, we re fairly confident we ll make it home alive. White men are even more confident of that fact. To be black on the other hand, means always being on guard and always on your best behavior. Don t loiter, but don t walk (or drive) fast. Don t put your hands in your pockets. Don t make eye contact with police. Don t not look at police when you re being spoken to. The list could go on. The rules for being black are simply different than the rules for being white. For them, it s a matter of life and death.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic at Getty Images",0
5531," WATCH: Texas Lt. Gov. Goes Full Racist, Blames Black Lives Matter For Dallas Shooting","Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick is known for making inflammatory comments after national tragedies in public. He is the guy who tweeted a picture with a bible verse that reads,  Do not be deceived. God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows,  right after the Orlando massacre.So, it shouldn t be too surprising that Patrick s post-Dallas shooting commentary is a giant pile of racist bullsh*t. Last Thursday during an interview on Fox News (of course), Patrick claimed that the protestors who were present at the protest during the shooting were  hypocrites  for running away while shots were being fired. All those protesters last night, they ran the other way, expecting the men and women in blue to turn around and protect them. What hypocrites. I understand the First Amendment. I understand freedom of speech, and I defend it. It is in our Constitution and is in our soul, but you can t go out on social media and mainstream media and everywhere else and say that the police are racist or police are hateful or the police are killers. Calling Black Lives Matter protesters hypocrites for running away when shots are being fired into a crowd   shots that hit both protestors and police   is just plain ugly. From all accounts, the protestors in Dallas and the local law enforcement were working together to make sure that the event was safe. Patrick went on to rant: I do blame people on social media, with their hatred towards police. I do blame, I saw Jesse Jackson   I think it was on Fox the other night   calling police racist without any facts. I do blame former Black Lives Matters protests. Last night was peaceful, but others have not been,  Patrick went on to say.Yeah seriously, Patrick said that. Black Lives Matter is to blame for the actions of one individual who had no previous role in the movement.As far as Patrick s insistence on shutting up about the wholesale slaughter of black lives on social media goes   it s never going to happen. Millions of people are standing up and saying enough is enough. Black lives matter. There are racist police officers out there. Initialized racism must end.You can watch the interview below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNRun_af0h0Featured image from video screenshot",0
5532, New Video Shows Off-Duty NY Cop Shot Unarmed Black Man In One Second (VIDEO),"A newly released video raises serious questions about the July 4 shooting death of Delrawn Small.Small was killed by Wayne Isaacs, an off-duty New York police officer, following what police are describing as a  road rage incident. Following the death of the unarmed 37-year-old father, multiple media outlets reported that Small had assaulted the off-duty officer, punching him repeatedly through the window of his vehicle.Contrary to that narrative, the video shows that Isaacs fired his weapon within one second of Small approaching his car.Isaacs shot the unarmed man twice, once in the head and once in the chest. He died as a result of the injuries.According to Small s girlfriend, who was in the car along with him and his two children on the night of the shooting, Isaacs cut off the vehicle the family was driving in.An angry Small decided to follow Isaacs  car, in spite of pleas from his girlfriend to let it go. Small had no idea that Isaacs was an off-duty cop.When Isaacs vehicle came to a stop at a red light, Small got out of his own car to confront him.The video shows Small walking toward Isaacs vehicle. One second after approaching the car, Small is hit by the first bullet.While at least one witness recounted seeing Small repeatedly punch Isaacs, the video shows that did not happen.As DNA Info reports here, Isaacs claims that he did not realize he was involved in a road incident. He says he was not aware that Small was following him. Isaacs reportedly told friends that he was assaulted through the window of the car and said that he thought he was being carjacked.According to Isaacs  version of the story, after he was accosted by Small he somehow managed to find his police-issued gun and shoot the man twice.The video shows Isaacs gunning the man down almost instantly, meaning the off-duty officer s gun had to have been drawn before Small ever got near his vehicle.Small s girlfriend, five month baby and teenage child were among those who witnessed the shooting.Watch the video below, courtesy of the New York Post.Featured image via Zaquanna Albert via Facebook",0
5533, WATCH: President Obama Dares Republicans To Support Gun Control To Prove They Care About Cop Safety,"Conservatives talk the talk but can they walk the walk?That s exactly what President Obama dared them to do during a press conference in Warsaw, Poland on Saturday when he asked them to prove they truly care about the lives of police officers by supporting common sense gun measures to make the jobs of cops easier and safer.Republicans have repeatedly blamed President Obama and Black Lives Matter for the killing of five police officers in Dallas, Texas all while professing their own love of police officers and concern for their safety.President Obama told reporters that police have a tough job to do and made it clear that the actions of the Dallas shooter should not be assumed to be supported by all black people just as people did not blame all white people for the Charleston church shooting in South Carolina. When some white kid walks into a church and shoots a bunch of worshipers who invite him to worship with them we don t assume somehow he s making a political statement that s relevant to the attitudes of the rest of America. And we shouldn t make those assumptions about a troubled Muslim individual who is acting on their own in that same way. President Obama then moved on to speak about guns and the role they play in these tragedies. I am going to keep talking about the fact that we cannot eliminate all racial tension in our country overnight. We are not going to be able to identify ahead of time and eliminate every madman or troubled individual who might want to do harm against innocent people. But we can make it harder for them to do so. President Obama mentioned the harrowing number of gun violence incidents that have occurred in this country for the last ten years, pointing out that there is a  pattern  of gun violence that makes America  unique in the scale of violence that we experience  including mass shootings and gun murders we mostly consider  routine.  President Obama mentioned his hometown of Chicago as an example.President Obama then made a connection between all of these shootings and the lack of gun restrictions that make it harder for people officers to do their jobs. Part of what s creating tensions between communities and the police is the fact that police have a really difficult time in communities where they know guns are everywhere,  he said before using Dallas as an example because protesters participating in the rally that night exercised their right to open carry because Texas is an open-carry state. Because of all the guns around, the confused police initially had trouble figuring out who was shooting at them, even aiming their guns at the crowd before discovering where the shots were really coming from.With that said, President Obama challenged Republicans to put their money where their mouth is and treat guns as a contributing factor to gun violence if they really care about the lives of police as they claim: If you care about the safety of our police officers, then you can t set aside the gun issue and pretend that s irrelevant We can t just ignore that and pretend that that s somehow political or the president is just pushing his policy agenda. It s a contributing factor, not the sole factor, but a contributing factor to the broader tensions that arise between police and the communities where they serve There is a way to talk about that that is consistent with our Constitution and the Second Amendment. The problem is even mention of it somehow evokes this kind of polarization between a very intense minority and a majority of Americans who think we could do better when it comes to gun safety. Here s the video via Youtube.Conservatives want everyone to believe that there is a war between cops and black people, probably because they are hoping for one so the NRA and gun industry can make more money selling guns to every person they successfully scare with their bullshit. But the fact is that if the Dallas shooter had not had access to a high-powered assault rifle, there would be more police officers alive today. But Republicans refuse to do anything that would tighten gun restrictions in this country even though such restrictions could reduce gun violence and save lives, including the lives of police officers who have to work in these guns everywhere states wondering who is going to open fire next.Featured image via screenshot",0
5534," ‘Sit On The Sofa And Lift Your Skirt Up’: 6 MORE Women Allege Harassment By Fox News Boss, Including Teenager","Six more women have come forward to allege that they were sexually harassed by Roger Ailes, the chairman of the conservative Fox News Channel. Ailes is currently the subject of a lawsuit from former Fox anchor Gretchen Carlson, who alleges that he demoted her after she rebuffed a sexual advance and complained about a sexist work environment.New York magazine is reporting on the new allegations, in which two women have gone on the record while the remaining four are making their claims anonymously at the moment.Kelli Boyle, a former field adviser for the Republican National Committee, says that she went to dinner with Ailes in 1989 when he then propositioned her: He had a driver and a car, and after dinner he said,  Can I take you to your friend s?  So we get in the car and that s when he said,  You know if you want to play with the big boys, you have to lay with the big boys.  I was so taken aback. I said,  Gosh I didn t know that. How would that work?  I was trying to kill time because I didn t know if he was going to attack me. I was just talking until I could get out of the car. He said,  That s the way it works,  and he started naming other women he s had. He said that s how all these men in media and politics work   everyone s got their friend. Boyle then says Ailes told her she would have to give oral sex  every once in a while.  She then found herself frozen out of a job offer and says Ailes told her that her refusal to accept advances had a role in being turned down. Boyle also says that a friend  high up  in the Republican Party said,  Word went out you weren t to be hired. Marsha Callahan, a former model, said she had an encounter with Ailes when he was producing The Mike Douglas Show. Callahan alleges that when she went to his office Ailes told her,  Sit on the sofa and lift your skirt up  and that  he d put me on the show but I needed to go to bed with him. A model going by the pseudonym Susan said Ailes met with her in his office when she was sixteen years old on the same show and  proceeded to pull down his pants and very gingerly pull out his genitals and said,  Kiss them. Jane,  a model, said in 1984 that in an interview Ailes  pulled out a garter belt and stockings and told me to put them on  and  After that, something sexual took place, but I blocked it out of my mind. I don t know if I engaged with him orally or he engaged with himself. I felt I was being used for his sexual satisfaction. Diane,  a media consultant, said Ailes  grabbed me and had his hands on me and he forced me to kiss him. When I recoiled he said,  Well, you know no girls get a job here unless they re cooperative. Pat,  a former TV producer said she had an interview with Ailes at his apartment at Central Park South. She claims,  I don t remember his exact words, but his message was: If you want to make it in New York City in the TV business, you re going to have to fuck me, and you re going to do that with anyone I tell you to. Ailes denies the allegations from Carlson and his lawyers filed a motion on Friday that would take testimony and findings related to Carlson s allegations out of the public eye.Fox s parent company, Rupert Murdoch s 21st Century Fox, said they were conducting and internal review of the allegations against Ailes.Featured images via YouTube/YouTube",0
5535, WATCH: Bill O’Reilly Calls Black Lives Matter A National Hate Group (VIDEO),"Bill O Reilly attacked the Black Lives Matter movement Friday night, saying that the BLM protestors are a part of a  hate America group. O Reilly made his comments at the conclusion of a segment where he covered the shooting in Dallas, Texas that resulted in the deaths of five police officers. O Reilly mentions that less than two percent of arrests that occur in the United States involve the use force in an attempt to make a case that most police officers are not bad people.O Reilly then goes on to admit that there is a problem with the amount of force that is being leveraged by minorities. However, there are too many incidents where minority Americans are being killed or hurt over low-level beefs. That s the truth. So, law enforcement leadership must compel their own agencies to act with restraint.  O Reilly said.O Reilly then goes on to say that he doesn t believe that police officers are specifically targeting black people and the  stats back him up.  That s a very misleading statement. There is statistical evidence that shows that police officer s racial biases might not have a major impact on whether they actually kill a black person while on patrol. That being said, there is overwhelming statistical evidence that racial biases in policing in general and our criminal justice system are probably culpable for the disparity in the number of black Americans killed by police.Simply put, it doesn t matter if police officers are personally racist or not, the systems that they serve are.O Reilly concludes the segment by stating that the Black Lives Matter  inflames rather than illuminates.  Therefore, they are a hate group.That s a rather ironic conclusion to come to, considering the fact that the mainstream media   especially conservative media outlets like Fox News, would not be discussing the topic of institutionalized racism and police brutality if it were not for the bravery of thousands of people standing up and insisting that black lives do in fact matter.You can watch the segment below:Featured image from video screenshot",0
5536, Two Cops In Hot Water After Sending Snapchat Pic Of Gun Pointed At Emoji Of Black Child (IMAGE),"It looks as though two police officers in Memphis, Tennessee think it s hilarious to take a picture of themselves pointing their gun down a hallway pretending to shoot a black person running. This, after countless people of color have been killed by the police, including several this past week.The officers have yet to be identified, but according to The Daily Mail: The two unidentified Memphis Police officers were suspended Friday for a picture on Snapchat showing a white person pointing a gun at a cartoon of a young black person. Memphis Police Department Interim Director Michael Rallings said: At this point two MPD officers have been relieved of duty. The image is disgusting and will not be tolerated. We will conduct a thorough investigation and the individuals responsible will be held accountable. I just spoke to a group of young people at LeMoyne-Owen about decisions and we are responsible for the decisions we make and we are held to a higher standard. He added: We will not stand for this. Here is the image:via Facebook (The Daily Mail)It s absolutely unbelievable (yet, sadly believable) that this would be what anyone would post, let alone from a law enforcement officer who is paid to protect and serve the people, all people. It is clearly racist imagery, and hopefully the officers involved will be properly scrutinized and given the proper consequences.Featured image via Facebook",0
5537, Sarah Palin Goes On A CRAZY Racist Rant To Prove Black Lives DON’T Matter (IMAGE),"If there s any one conservative that we wish would just stop thrusting themselves into the spotlight, it s probably Sarah Palin   especially after her latest disgusting rant.After the attacks on police officers in Dallas, it seems that conservatives have forgotten that just before that attack, two unarmed black men had lost their lives to police brutality   something that has happened far too frequently over the last few years. Many conservatives have responded to the Dallas attacks by denouncing the Black Lives Matter movement, and the former vice presidential candidate just couldn t be left out.In a vile, racist Facebook post, Palin put in her two cents and told everyone just how furious she is while stating that  Black Lives Matter is a farce.  She wrote: # BlackLivesMatter  is a farce and hyphenating America destroys us. Shame on our culture s influencers who would stir contention and division that could lead to evil such as that in Dallas.Shame on politicians and pundits giving credence to thugs rioting against police officers and the rule of law in the name of  peaceful protests.  It is a farce. #BlackLivesMatter is a farce. Yes   Palin has just accused minorities of being racist when she said that those who hyphenate racial backgrounds (such as African-Americans or Mexican-Americans) are actually the ones who  further divide our nation.  And she referred to peaceful protesters as  thugs. Palin also accused the media of having blood on its hands for (accurately) depicting Black Lives Matter as a peaceful movement: Media: quit claiming the rioters are  peaceful  as they stomp on our flag, shout  death to cops!  and celebrate violence. It is sick. You perpetuate a perverted message evil men thrive on to intimidate and warp malleable minds that would believe one race matters more than another. Blood is on your complicit hands when you naively or purposefully refuse to tell of this movement s truth. Spoken like a true Republican and someone who does not understand systemic oppression and white privilege, Palin urged her followers to  stand up if you re sick of being called racist when proclaiming EVERY LIFE MATTERS, black as much as white and every skin tone in between. You can read the entire post below:Something like this is really to be expected from Palin, though. Her response to the issue of police brutality and race relations in America is just as disappointing as the response from her favorite presidential candidate, Donald Trump. Trump, just like Palin, acknowledged the lives of the police officers far more than the lives of police brutality victims Philando Castile and Alton Sterling. These two are made for each other.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5538, GOP Senator BURNS The Hell Out Of Trump With His Reason To Avoid The GOP Convention,"GOP Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska has been one of Trump s most vocal critics in the Republican Party. He s also adamant that he s not going to the GOP convention this year; it seems he doesn t want to expose his kids to Trump. He doesn t want to have anything to do with Trump, and he s going to nope the hell on out of there.To make his point, his spokesperson told The Hill the following: Sen. Sasse will not be attending the convention and will instead take his kids to watch some dumpster fires across the state, all of which enjoy more popularity than the current front-runners. Burn! That hurts. When Trump met with GOP Senators on Thursday, things got heated when he decided that was just the peachiest of times to criticize Senators that don t like him, instead of, oh, actually behaving in a presidential manner and talking strategy, platform and other important things. Sasse is one of the louder members of the  Never Trump  movement, and one of the Senators that Trump felt it appropriate to excoriate.There is nothing more important to His Royal Narcissist than how many people bow and scrape before his really gross little feet. Those who resist? He ll make sure they regret it.Sasse isn t the only one to have a snarky response for not attending the convention. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) said he ll be mowing his lawn, and Steve Daines (R-MT) will be fly-fishing rather than doing anything to help Trump along. These have to be the three most insulting reasons for not helping to officially crown the Fascist-in-Chief.Sasse s spokesperson invoked dumpster fires again when explaining why Sasse cannot and will not vote for Trump: Mr. Sasse continues to believe that our country is in a bad place, and, with these two candidates, this election remains a dumpster fire. The burns just keep coming, and from a GOP Senator, are absolutely amazing.Featured image by Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
5539, White Gun Nut Shows Up Armed At Memorial for Black Man Killed By Police,"A gun-toting white conservative male showed up at a memorial for Alton Sterling, the black Louisiana man who was shot and killed by a pair of police officers.One of the demonstrators at the Triple S Food Mart in Baton Rouge said she believed the man appeared with a firearm strapped to his side in order to  provoke  the crowd.21-year-old Jake David provoked an angry response from those assembled at the scene of Sterling s death. One told him  Get out of here, crazy white boy! He spoke to the Huffington Post about why he was on the scene:Approached by HuffPost, David said he came to the demonstration to practice his Second Amendment rights, offer protection and show the community  white people are not crazy. It s hard to help when you have people complain about their rights being taken and at the same time they re trying to take yours,  David said.  I understand it, but it s not my protest, it s theirs. Echoing many gun-obsessed conservatives, David explained why he carried a gun: I carry it everywhere. If there s not a sign on the door, it s not a school, a church or government building, it s on my hip. It s not just for my own protection, I don t want to see anybody get hurt. In fact, many statistics indicate that a gun owner like David is far more likely to hurt himself or a member of his family rather than be the star of an action movie come to life. The police officers who were slain in Dallas, Texas, were trained in firearms far more than the average civilian and yet were at the mercy of a single gunman.Alton Sterling was killed after the cops confronted him while he sold CDs on the sidewalk. The body cameras on both officers conveniently failed to record the incident, but observers with cell phone cameras caught the shots fired.Featured image via screen capture",0
5540, How Fox News Is Trying To Cover Up Its Harassment Lawsuit,"Lawyers working on behalf of Roger Ailes, the chairman of the right-wing Fox News Channel, filed a legal motion on Friday that would hide the details of former anchor Gretchen Carlson s sexual harassment allegations from the public.Ailes  lawyers have asked that the lawsuit be moved from federal courts in New Jersey and into arbitration. They claim that Carlson is orchestrating a  tar-and-feather campaign  and that constitutes a breach of her contract with Fox News. They claim that the document she signed with the network mandates that disputes go into arbitration, and that a legal case with a jury can t go forward.Carlson s lawyers say the gambit is just an attempt to stop Fox s dirty laundry from being aired in public.Ms. Carlson s lawyers said Mr. Ailes was trying to force the case into a secret proceeding, and away from the public spotlight of a trial. Gretchen never agreed to arbitrate anything with Mr. Ailes, and the contract on which he relies does not mention him and is not signed by him,  her lawyers, Nancy Erika Smith and Martin Hyman, said in a statement.  Gretchen intends to fight for her right to a public jury trial, a right protected by the discrimination laws and our Constitution. Ms. Carlson did not name Fox News in the lawsuit. Mr. Ailes is the only defendant.Carlson alleges in her lawsuit that she was demoted to a daytime timeslot on the network after she rebuffed sexual advances from Ailes and complained about sexism from her co-hosts on Fox & Friends, particularly conservative host Steve Doocy.Ailes alleges that she was demoted and let go because of poor ratings. Since the allegations were first publicized, Carlson s lawyers say they have been deluged by complaints from women about Ailes, including one allegation about a 16-year-old female.Ailes is a long-time conservative who worked as part of Richard Nixon s operation, was associated with the infamous Willie Horton ad, and has a history of racially charged and sexist comments. He denies Carlson s claims.Featured image via YouTube",0
5541, Black Caucus Demands Action: Calls On Congress To Hold Gun Vote In Wake Of Dallas Tragedy,"Following the horrific tragedy in Dallas, Texas, the Congressional Black Caucus expressed grief, sorrow, and outrage at the deadly violence that took place after what had been a day of peaceful protests. Amid their messages of mourning and healing as a nation, members also demanded that congress finally hold a vote on several pieces of legislation that focus on tightening gun restrictions.Representative G.K. Butterfield, Democrat of North Carolina and the chairman of the caucus, said that in the wake of the  despicable crimes  in Dallas, the Caucus was determined to continue  our fight to remove guns from the hands of terrorists and would-be criminals. We come to this place each week to represent our constituents who are in pain. As of June 30, just a few days ago, 491 Americans have been fatally shot by the police; most of those were African-American.Last night, despicable crimes were committed against Dallas police officers, and when the dust settled five of them were dead as a result of an organized execution by criminals who possess guns and use them to the extreme. And so the Congressional Black Caucus convenes today to say to America we are continuing our fight to remove guns from the hands of terrorists and would-be criminals.Democrats have been fighting for several pieces of legislation. These measures include an effort bolster mandatory background checks and  No Fly No Buy,  which would stop suspected terrorists on no-fly lists from being able to legally purchase guns. Republicans have staunchly refused to take any action on the measures.Republicans, what on Earth are you, why are you recoiling and not giving us a debate on gun violence?  Mr. Butterfield said.  Why are you recoiling and not giving us a debate on gun violence? Why not give it a hearing, give us a debate, give us an up-or-down vote on our legislation on gun violence? Why?Representative John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia, led last month s sit-in on the House floor over gun control legislation following the mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando. He urged protesters to remain peaceful, preaching the non-violent ways of the Civil Rights movement, in which he was an influential leader.There s no room in our society for violence; we respect law enforcement. There needs to be greater training of law enforcement and sometimes I feel that maybe not only those of us that engage in nonviolent protest but police officers need to be taught the way of peace, the way of love, the way of nonviolence, to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being.It doesn t matter whether black or white, Latino, Asian-American or Native American; we are one family living in one house. We must learn to live together as brothers and sisters. If not, we will perish as fools. We have too many guns. There has been too much violence. And we must act.Watch the Black Caucus demand congress hold a vote on gun control legislation here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5542, USA Today Just Uncovered A Bunch More Trump Lawsuits And The Number Is Mind Blowing,"Donald Trump is someone who abuses the judicial system to help enrich himself. In fact, USA Today has uncovered that Trump is or has been involved in an eye-popping 4,000 lawsuits.USA Today has been covering this for a while. As of May, they had uncovered over 100 lawsuits. In June, that number went up to over 3,500. Now, he s up to more than 4,000 and many are as frivolous as you might imagine.Trump is an argument for why rich people should pay more in taxes. Every single lawsuit that Trump engages in to protect his business costs taxpayers money and he spends a hell of a lot of taxpayer money in the courts. He uses them to renegotiate his bills, to defend his refusal to pay taxes, to iron out personal beefs (and we all know how he racks those up) and whatever floats his litigious boat on any given day.Here s a breakdown:The bulk of the cases involve his casinos. There are 1,863 casino cases and overwhelmingly, Trump is the one suing.There are 79 cases involving branding or trademark disputes.There are 206 contract dispute cases and in more than 2/3 of them, Trump is being sued.There are also 130 employment cases, and in the vast majority, he s being sued.61 of them are related to his golf resorts.191 of them are either Trump suing the government or the government suing him.There are six cases involving his presidential campaign, including a class action suit over bulk text messages directed toward people who never signed up.Surprisingly, there are only 12 defamation cases, despite the fact that he constantly threatens to sue.He s a defendant in 694 personal injury cases and a plaintiff in one.There are 621 real estate lawsuits, where he is generally the defendant.Yes, Hillary Clinton is also involved in several lawsuits (about 900), but overwhelmingly, she is being sued by federal prisoners, political activists and other people looking to sue the government. It s not because she s Hillary Clinton, per se, it s because she was a high ranking member of the government.Trump, though, should not get anywhere near the White House. We cannot have him nominating judges. We already know how that could turn out. Trump is incapable of taking his own personal feelings and his own personal business dealings out of anything, and that s not what we need as the leader of the free world.Featured image via Ron Jenkins at Getty Images.",0
5543, Trump Campaign Official Tries To Make Dallas Shootings All About Hillary Clinton,"Virginia s Trump campaign chairman politicized the Dallas shootings in one of the worst ways imaginable. He didn t use it to call for more guns on the streets. He didn t use it to claim reverse racism. He tried to make it all about the 2016 election and Hillary Clinton, and it s really sick.Corey Stewart said, in a post that s since been deleted:Like Joe Effing Walsh, Stuart has forgotten that the Internet never forgets, and this will follow him and King Donnie for awhile, despite spokeswoman Hope Hicks  attempt to mitigate fallout from this: Corey does not speak for the campaign and this is not something we agree with. The vice president of Trump s Virginia campaign, John Fredericks, echoed that empty sentiment with an empty sentiment of his own: That statement by Corey Stewart is his and his alone. Oh, really? They better tell that to their overlord. While Donald the Trump didn t come right out and blame Hillary for the deaths of those officers like Stewart did, he did go after her for taking  softball questions  about her emails on CNN on a day of national tragedy. Because Hillary can totally control what CNN decides to ask her:Isn t it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 8, 2016Isn t it sad that on a day of national tragedy Donald Trump and his campaign decide to make the whole thing all about Hillary? This is how you politicize a tragedy   by bringing up your opponent in a damned political race and using the tragedy to attack them.It is truly hypocritical that our wannabe White-Supremacist-in-Chief would say something like that when he and one of his campaign officials are busy politicizing all of this in the sickest way imaginable. Calling for more  good guys with guns  would be less political than this. It just goes to prove that all Trump really cares about his himself and his campaign, and that he hires people who will help him with that. Neither Trump nor Stewart really care about those dead officers, or all those dead black people.Featured image by LibandJustice. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons",0
5544, With One Tweet Elizabeth Warren Lays Down The Solid Truth About This Week’s Killings,"If there s one conclusion to draw from the horrific shootings that have been happening over the course of this past week, it s that we, as a society, need to have more understanding and compassion for one another. No one deserves to die, especially not for merely existing, or protecting your community.Two black men were shot and killed by police officers who didn t even try to keep them alive for reasons yet to be determined, and five police officers were shot and killed, with seven more injured while serving and protecting protesters who were out voicing their concern over police brutality.Many have been offering their opinions on the violence that s been happening, but one voice of reason seems to really get at the heart of what needs to be heard, and that is the voice of Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA).The simple, yet solid truth of all the killings that have occurred over the past week was summed up in this tweet by Warren: Black Americans shouldn t be killed in routine traffic stops, and police shouldn t be killed while protecting and serving their communities. Black Americans shouldn't be killed in routine traffic stops, & police shouldn't be killed while protecting & serving their communities.  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) July 8, 2016It s really that simple. We can be on both sides of this issue and not be against the other side. We can have compassion for the rights of Black Americans to exist without fear of being shot and killed by the police, and we can also have compassion for police officers who are merely trying to protect the community they serve.We need to stand up to and against violence wherever it is, period.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5545, Seven-Year-Old Boy Accidentally Kills Father With High-Powered Rifle,"A seven-year-old Alma, Michigan boy accidentally shot and killed his sleeping father on Thursday night.According to police, the seven-year-old snuck out of bed while the rest of the family was sleeping. It appears that the family s guns were  safely  locked in a cabinet.Police say the boy found the key and used it to open the gun cabinet. He removed a high-powered rifle and the gun went off. A single bullet struck his father, who was sleeping in bed, next to the boy s mother.Officers and paramedics were called to the home a little after midnight. The man s injuries were fatal.The deadly shooting took place in a quiet neighborhood. Upon hearing the news, neighbors of the family said they were in shock. They had caution tape up and I saw three cops there,  one neighbor told WNEM. I m sorry to hear everything. It s a real tough time,  he said.Ellie Martin, a fourteen-year-old girl who lives next door to the family, told WNEM that she was  really freaked out  by what happened. I m not a religious person, but like, I prayed that everyone is OK. We don t have a lot of that around here,  she said.The girl went on to say, I just, I hope things get better for them. Not that there s any way of getting back up from that, but just so they can work through it and be OK. A third neighbor said he also has a seven-year-old child at home.  That makes me think a lot,  he told the news station.Contrary to NRA myths, having a gun in the home does not make you or your family safer. It seriously increases the risk that someone in your home will die from a gunshot wound.Even if you think a gun is stored safely and you believe that you ve taught your kids never to touch it, there s always a chance that you re wrong. It s a risk that is not worth taking.Featured image via Pixabay",0
5546, Hillary Issues POWERFUL Statement On What White People Should Do About Police Brutality (VIDEO),"Earlier today, Hillary Clinton weighed in on the horrific, tragic shootings of two black men in Louisiana and Minnesota as well as several police officers in Dallas, Texas, all which happened within the last few days. What the former Secretary of State had to say is something we all need to hear.In an interview with CNN, Wolf Blitzer brought up a comment made by the governor of Minnesota, in which he said that police brutality victim Philando Castile would still be alive if he d been white. Blitzer asked Clinton if she agreed, and why she thinks she could be a more unifying presidential candidate and heal race relations better than rival Donald Trump. The answer to that question was obvious, but her response was nothing short of powerful.Acknowledging white privilege and the fact that racism is still very much alive in America today, Clinton promised that she will call for white people like myself to put ourselves in the shoes  of black families who fear every time their children go somewhere; who have to have the talk about how to really protect themselves when they re the ones who should be expecting protection from encounters with the police.  She also said that white people should start listening to legitimate cries  of the black community. She said: Too many African-Americans have been killed in encounters with police over matters that should not have led to that action being taken. Clinton also said that the recent shootings should worry every single American  and vowed to continue working for change so that no more innocent black lives are lost. This is the kind of call to action, and as president, I would implement the very comprehensive set of proposals that I ve been making for more than a year. We must do more to have national guidelines about the use of force by police, especially deadly force. You can listen to Clinton s powerful statement below.THIS is how you call out white privilege, police brutality, racially-motivated violence and show your support for the Black Lives Matter movement. Donald Trump, on the other hand, had something far more disappointing to say   as expected.Featured image via Flickr",0
5547," NRA Finally Vomits Up Stupid, Hypocritical Non-Statement On Philandro Castile’s Death","Philandro Castile, the black man in Minnesota who was a licensed concealed carrier and carrying his weapon when he was pulled over and shot, must present quite a dilemma for the NRA. Castile did everything right   he informed the officer he was licensed, he was carrying, and then told him he was reaching for his wallet as ordered, and he was murdered anyway. One might say he was murdered for daring to carry while black.As  the nation s largest and oldest civil rights organization  (oh, please), the NRA remained suspiciously silent for two days following Castile s murder, likely because they know how this makes them look, and it ain t good. Today, they finally broke their silence, obviously figuring out a way to comment on Castile s murder without actually giving validity to the Black Lives Matter movement and their many justified grievances:Investigation? Really? Do they want a thorough investigation into the deaths of the Dallas police officers before actually commenting there, too? No, of course not. The deaths of those officers feed their narrative and makes them look like allies of the police, which bolsters the racist beliefs of their primary base. The death of a black man exercising his 2nd Amendment right? Well, that should just be swept under the rug lest we continue to fuel racial tensions.Here s what they said about the tragedy in Dallas. Judge for yourself:They were very quick to issue a statement following the shooting of 12 police officers in Dallas. The NRA caters to  white identity  politics, and they love to whine about BLM s criticism of police. Thus, it s easy for them to talk about police officers being shot, and white people being shot, as though black people are the scourge of our society.But when it s a black person that s been shot because they dared to exercise their 2nd Amendment right to carry?Silence.Until they figure out exactly how to craft a response that still caters to  white identity  politics while pretending they aren t also implying that black people don t have a 2nd Amendment right to carry a gun.Racial resentment (read: white pride) is one of the main drivers of opposition to every form of gun legislation ever. The two are intimately linked, and the NRA fuels it because it ensures more gun sales. The more racist a white person is, the harder the NRA works to court them.Their statement is a non-statement, and it s shameful and disgusting, both in its tardiness and in what it says.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5548, Right-Wing Rag Declares ‘Civil War’ Between Black People And Cops In Inflammatory Headline,"The shootings were not even over yet before the conservative  newspaper New York Post blared a headline declaring  civil war  between black people and police on Friday. CIVIL WAR Four cops killed at anti-police protest,  the headline read late Friday night as the New York Post unveiled their Friday morning cover as blood was being spilled in Dallas.Friday s cover: 4 cops killed in Dallas tragedy https://t.co/NpUskqqtLt pic.twitter.com/tlqx0P721y  New York Post (@nypost) July 8, 2016As it turns out, five police officers were killed, but the protesters at the Black Lives Matter rally were peaceful and had nothing to do with the killing.Regardless of the facts, the New York Post clearly suggested that Black Lives Matter activists were responsible for the tragedy and escalated the rhetoric by declaring that police and black people are engaged in a civil war with each other even though that is not the case whatsoever.In the wake of the unjustifiable killing of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile by white police officers in Louisiana and Minnesota earlier this week, Black Lives Matter took to the streets to protest the murders and to demand that police officers are held accountable for their actions and that all officers learn to exercise restraint.The protests have been peaceful but one idiot chose to retaliate with senseless gun violence and killed five innocent police officers in Dallas who were on the job observing the rally to guarantee the safety of the protesters.And when the shooting started, police actually protected Black Lives Matter protesters, both black and white, and the protesters actually assisted the police by helping them identify where the shots were coming from. A black protester even suffered a gunshot wound to the leg when she threw herself on top of her kids to protest them. BLM worked with police prior to the rally and there was no animosity between the protesters and the Dallas police. Some officers even posed for pictures with protesters in solidarity. Demonstration in #Dallas @ Belo Garden Park pic.twitter.com/IUx5IaERSB  Dallas Police Depart (@DallasPD) July 8, 2016But Micah Xavier Johnson, who was unaffiliated with BLM and was upset with the movement, turned the peaceful demonstration into a tragedy that the New York Post is now exploiting to to increase tensions further between the black community and police. And Twitter users blasted them for it.@nypost delete your paper  J rgen Camrath (@uniwave) July 8, 2016 @nypost Shame on you miserable fucks.  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) July 8, 2016That night none of us could sleep because the world was burning and the @nypost decided to pour gasoline on the flames.  Melissa Hawks (@MelissaBHawks) July 8, 2016 @nypost This is one of the most irresponsible headlines I have ever seen a news organization put out. This is fucking shameful.  Charlie (@notcharchar) July 8, 2016@nypost That seems like race baiting. No evidence protesters had anything to do with attacks on police  Mama s Got A Gun (@MamasGotAGun) July 8, 2016 @bdd4 @nypost Sad state of affairs when a  newspaper  tries to rouse hatred between Americans #UnitedWeStand  Mama s Got A Gun (@MamasGotAGun) July 8, 2016.@nypost It was NOT an  anti-police  rally rather a way of bringing #Dallas together blacks/whites/police against senseless killings.  Sheindie (@Sheindie) July 8, 2016 @nypost pretty irresponsible headline.  Christopher Ridley (@SFviaNJ) July 8, 2016@nypost this is irresponsible as hell and you should all be ashamed of yourselves  t.ink (@00Hex) July 8, 2016 @nypost Doesn t get worse than this headline  it s un-American.  Meredith D. (@YankeeBeatCheck) July 8, 2016The New York Post should be ashamed of themselves for publishing this cover. It only seeks to divide and sow the seeds of hatred and racism. Black Lives Matter did not kill these five officers. A lone individual with a gun did. This cover does nothing more than incite further violence and hate, which is probably making the NRA and their Republican puppets very happy right now.Featured image via Twitter",0
5549, Man Falsely ID’d As Dallas Shooter Says Cops Lied to Him: ‘The System Was Trying To Get Me’ (VIDEO),"Whether you realize it or not, the Second Amendment only applies to white people. While open carrying firearms is dangerous and stupid, Mark Hughes decided to bring his gun to a protest in Dallas   something that is legal under current laws in Texas and that made him a convenient target for police when other people began shooting.Almost as soon as bullets started flying, Hughes  photo was blasted all over social media (as of now, his photo is still up on the Dallas Police Department s Twitter timeline as a  suspect ):As soon as he learned that police were attempting to scapegoat him, Hughes did something we typically don t see from open carriers: he located officers, turned himself and his weapon in, and cleared the situation up (unless, of course, you happen to be looking at DPD s Twitter). But while he did everything correctly (besides, of course, bringing a gun to a peaceful protest in the first place), Hughes was put through hell at the police department.Officers told their target that they had evidence linking him to the shootings of five police officers. After he was released from custody, he told CBSDFW: I just got out of an interrogation room for about 30 minutes, where police officers were lying, saying they had video of me shooting a gun, which is a lie, saying that they had witnesses saying I had shot a gun, which is a lie. At the end of the day  the system was trying to get me. Hughes says that police have not once bothered to apologize to him for dragging his name through the mud and that he has received non-stop death threats since his photo was released with the  suspect  label.Man wrongly labeled as person of interest in #dallaspoliceshooting ""I can't believe it.I can't believe it."" Via KTVT pic.twitter.com/n37cY7h9hk  Dr. Seema Yasmin (@DoctorYasmin) July 8, 2016It might seem shocking, even unthinkable that police lied to him in an effort to coerce a confession, but that s perfectly legal. While it is a crime for you to lie to police, attorney Chris Burney writes in a blog post discussing myths related to criminal law:Cops are allowed to lie about anything.Let s repeat that: The police are allowed to lie to you  about anything.The most common example of this is police interrogation.  The cops are allowed to use any deception they like, in order to get a confession.For example, they can tell you your partner s being interrogated upstairs, and just confessed, so you d better come clean if you know what s good for you (when they haven t even arrested your partner yet.)  They can say the victim told them you did it before she died (when she s actually still alive, and never said anything of the sort).The biggest lie (and one that works all the time) is that this conversation is strictly off the record.   Just between you and me.  Nothing you ever say to a police officer is ever off the record.  If it can be used against you, it will.The second-biggest lie (also one that works all the time) is that, if you come clean, the officer will make sure you get treated leniently.  He ll make sure the DA gives you a lighter charge.  He ll put in a word with the judge to make sure you get off with a lighter sentence.  He ll only arrest you for the misdemeanor.  Complete horseshit, of course   that cop s going to make sure you go down for whatever it is you just confessed to   but it works all the time.  People cut their losses, seeing themselves in a hopeless situation, and grasp at the opportunity to at least minimize the bad.Oh, and if you think innocent people don t do that too, then you ve got another think coming.  Innocent people do confess to crimes they didn t commit, for a variety of reasons.  (That s a subject for a whole nother myth.)  And lying cops is one of the big ones.And the cops are completely within their rights to lie this way.  Unlike prosecutors and judges, who have professional ethics to comply with, the police are allowed to use whatever lawful tools they have in order to solve a crime.  It s not against the law for them to lie.  They re allowed to.And so they will.  They re trained to do it.  They re supposed to do it.  They re gonna do it.In this case, police were hoping to wrap things up quickly with a confession from an innocent man. Fortunately, it didn t work this time.Featured image via screengrab",0
5550, WATCH: Texas Inmates Break Out Of Cell To Save Jailer’s Life (VIDEO),"Newly released video shows a group of Texas inmates breaking out of their cell to save the life of their jailer.According to KUSA, on June 23 an armed guard who was monitoring a group of inmates in Parker County, Texas suddenly slumped over. Nick Kelton, one of eight inmates who put their own lives on the line to help their jailer, said at first the men in the cell thought the guard was putting on some kind of act. After shouting and trying to rouse the guard, however, the group of men in the cell realized something was very wrong.Kelton says they attempted to call for help, but no one outside of the locked room heard their shouts. In desperation, the eight prisoners forced open the door of their cell.Kelton told KUSA that when they reached the guard he did not have a pulse. Some of the panicked inmates began banging on doors and yelling for help while others tried to administer medical aid.According to Kelton, the eight men were aware of the risk they were taking. We were worried they re going to come with guns drawn on us,  he told KUSA.The inmate s actions finally got the attention of officers outside the room. A group of guards did rush in with guns drawn. They thought it was a fight,  a second inmate, Floyd Smith, told KUSA.  They thought we were taking over. The officer s immediately herded the eight prisoners back into the cell. The unidentified guard was given CPR until paramedics arrived on the scene. He is expected to make a full recovery.Police Captain Mark Arnett credits the inmates for saving the life of the guard, who works for a private security firm. He could have been there 15 minutes before any other staff walked in and found him,  Arnett told KUSA.Arnett pointed out that the unconscious guard had the keys and a gun. The eight inmates could have behaved much differently in those circumstances. When asked why the prisoners put themselves at risk to save their jailer, Kelton replied: I watched him die twice. It never crossed my mind not to help whether he s got a gun or a badge. If he falls down, I m gonna help him. Smith added, Seems natural to me. Image credit: video screen capture KUSA",0
5551, Obama Mentions Gun Control After Dallas Shooting — Right-Wingers TOTALLY Lose Their Minds,"Following the horrific turn of events in Dallas, Obama addressed the country and mentioned that at some point we are going to have to really think about the  powerful weapons  that make shootings like this so deadly. Any guess what happened next? Just as expected, right-wingers totally lost their damn minds.The president said he was  horrified  by the  vicious, calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement.  After expressing his support for law enforcement, Obama turned his attention to the guns that allow mass shootings like this to take the so many lives in mere minutes.We also know that when people are armed with powerful weapons, unfortunately it makes attacks like these more deadly and more tragic. And in the days ahead, we re going to have to consider those realities as well.Predictably, Republicans went into full-on freak out mode. Within an hour of President Obama s remarks, Ben Carson was throwing a hissy fit on Fox News. Now is definitely not the time to get political,  said the failed presidential hopeful turned Trump fanboy.  Now is the time to use logic and ask ourselves, why do we have a Constitution? Why do we have a Second Amendment? They re always saying you don t need a high-powered weapon to hunt deer. The Constitution is not about deer hunting. It s about people being able to defend themselves from an overly aggressive government or an external invasion. Carson said that if he were president, he would ask everyone to  imagine 24 or 48 hours with no police. What would your life be like? Yes, there are some bad apples and, yes, we will find ways to deal with them but in no way do we indict the entire police force,  Carson said.Speaking of the tragic shooting in Dallas that took the lives of five police officers and left six more wounded, Carson said that there are terror cells  and  professional agitators all over our country looking for opportunities. And these opportunities do arise. They will continue to arise because, you know, there are bad apples in the police force like there are bad apples in everything. There are bad surgeons,  the retired neurosurgeon said.  But the vast majority of surgeons are wonderful people. So, you know, these opportunities will continue to happen and they will continue to do these things. But I guess the real issue is, you know, the president s going to start saying, see, gun control. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee took the opportunity to pounce on the president s comments as well, arguing on Fox News that Obama should have addressed the nation more like Ronald Reagan did after the 1986 Challenger disaster. He doesn t need to inject the divisive arguments like gun control at a time of great grief for the nation. And he ought to do for us what Ronald Reagan did after the Challenger disaster,  Huckabee said.Colorado Republican Senate candidate Darryl Glenn just had to jump on the bandwagon, saying that Obama needs  to be very careful not to get too far ahead of the facts, but you need to be careful not to drive your policy agenda. William Johnson, the executive director of National Association of Police Organizations, was asked on Fox News if police officers feel increasingly under siege and targeted. Absolutely. It s a horrible day. It s a war on cops,  Johnson responded.  And the Obama administration is the Neville Chamberlain of this war. I think their continued appeasement at the federal level with the Department of Justice, their appeasement of violent criminals, their refusal to condemn movements like Black Lives Matter, actively calling for the death of police officers, that type of thing, all the while blaming police for the problems in this country has led directly to the climate that has made Dallas possible. Speaking about the deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile just hours before Thursday s mass shooting in Dallas, President Obama had tried to strike a balance between the public outrage over the police killings and support for law enforcement. To be concerned about these issues is not to be against law enforcement,  he said.  When people say black lives matter, it doesn t mean blue lives don t matter. Featured image via Jim Lo Scalzo-Pool/Getty Images",0
5552, Trump Supporter Aims Loaded Gun At Black Lives Matter Protesters,"If he had been black and the protesters had been white police would have killed him in a second.Tragedy unfolded in Dallas, Texas on Thursday night as snipers killed 5 police officers during a Black Lives Matter rally organized in protest of unwarranted killings of two black men by police in Minnesota and Louisiana.Even more people could have been murdered if Donald Trump fan Michael Strickland had fired his weapon and emptied the extended clip he loaded into it during a Black Lives Matter march earlier that day in Portland, Oregon.As protesters marched, Strickland stood directly in front of them so he could somehow excuse his next action as just being out of fear for his life. He pulled out his gun and pointed it at the protesters at the head of the march and they quickly took cover. The other protesters farther away, however, didn t know this was going on so they continued marching toward Strickland. Back off!  Strickland screamed.  Hit the ground!  the front protesters warned.Ben Kerensa witnessed Strickland s actions and continued marching.  We just wanted him to leave,  he said.Kerensa watched as Strickland waved his gun back and forth and even saw him switch his normal capacity magazine for an extended clip. He swept the crowd a few times with the gun. I saw him take out the regular clip and slot in an extra-capacity magazine. I saw him chamber a round. I feared for my life, that s why I pulled out my gun,  Strickland claimed. But Kerensa says that at no point was Strickland threatened. The fact is, he put himself directly in front of the protesters with the intent to claim that the protesters continuing to march toward him instead of altering their route constituted a threat to his life.Only after Strickland had lowered his weapon and walked away did police finally bother to show up and arrest him.Here s the video of Strickland being arrested via Twitter:Police came in numbers and just arrested man with gun pic.twitter.com/mT6SuQjnSr  Andrew Dymburt (@DymburtNews) July 8, 2016The protesters in Portland were incredibly lucky, but this is the atmosphere Donald Trump has created around the country. Trump has openly encouraged violence against black people at his rallies and conservatives across the nation hate the Black Lives Matter movement that has only grown in response to police officers killing unarmed black men, many of whom did nothing wrong to justify killing them.Meanwhile, white gunmen like Strickland are able to actually pull out their guns and fire at will without fear of being shot and killed by police. In fact, it seems like police will go above and beyond the call of duty and display extraordinary patience to make sure a white person is taken alive even if they are killing people and threatening the lives of others, including the police themselves. That kind of patience is not even remotely shown towards an unarmed black person when police show up. They re just shot and killed for no reason and that is precisely why there are protests in our streets, and sadly, why five Dallas police officers are dead this morning. Those officers should not be dead. And all the unarmed black people who have been unjustly murdered by police should not be dead either. All of this could have been prevented had police simply treated black people the same way they treat white people. Just doing that alone would mean more people would be alive today.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
5553, Ex-GOP Congressman Tweets VILE Threat To Obama In Response To Dallas Shootings,"Nobody can accuse former GOP Rep. Joe Walsh of having a clear view of anything. That s never been more apparent than last night, as Walsh put his response to the news of at least two snipers murdering Dallas police officers into a series of tweets. He hates President Obama, and now he gets to blame Obama for someone s death. He didn t stop there, though. No, merely misplacing blame isn t low enough for this sewer scum. He said:Then he went on a rant against Obama that he no doubt thinks is rife with patriotism, but in reality is nothing more than racist, projectile word vomit:When Obama goes after cops it opens the door for anti cop rhetoric and action.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016 Obama has BLOOD ON HIS HANDS  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 201610 cops shot.This is on Obama.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016 10 Cops shot.You did this Obama.You did this liberals.You did this #BLM.Time to defend our Cops. Wake up. https://t.co/Zoc3x2xlMk  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 20164 dead.Obama stoked the flame.BLM did this.Cops are dying.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016 4 Dallas Cops assassinated tonight.Blacks lives matter cheers.LGBT blames Christians.Obama defends Islam.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016Obama says Cops are racist so 2 uneducated black thugs shoot 10 Dallas Cops tonight, killing 4.Wake up silent majority. Stand w our Cops.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016 It s time 4 patriotic Americans to stand up & stand against all the Cop haters   from Obama to the thugs on the street.It s way past time.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016After he was done with that, and the Internet had long since begun to shred him for issuing threats against Obama, he showed himself for the tiny fraction of a man that he is by deleting the tweet and then trying to backpedal:I wasn t calling for violence, against Obama or anyone. Obama s words & BLM s deeds have gotten cops killed. Time for us to defend our cops.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) July 8, 2016What part of  Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you,  is not a threat? Here s hoping the Secret Service and the FBI show up at his doorstep to investigate this.Featured image by Gage Skidmore. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 via Flickr",0
5554, Beyonce Makes Powerful Statement About Police Shootings: ‘We Are Sick And Tired’ (VIDEO),"If you listen to Republicans, we live in a post-racial society. The fact that we have a black President, they say, proves that there is no racism, and to claim otherwise is racist. Of course, they ignore the unprecedented disrespect the President has had to endure. They also ignore the fact that black people, whether armed or unarmed, guilty or innocent, are far more likely to end up dead at the hands of police. Tired of the shootings, pop star Beyonc  is using her celebrity to speak out on the issue and on Black Lives Matter.The home page of Beyonc s website, which used to be standard for a musician   a list of upcoming tour dates, a promotion of her latest album, etc   now includes this simple but powerful message. She s fed up with the recent rash of police killings of innocent black men. Who can blame her? We are sick and tired of the killings of young men and women in our communities. It is up to us to take a stand and demand that they  stop killing us.  We don t need sympathy. We need everyone to respect our lives. We re going to stand up as a community and fight against anyone who believes that murder or any violent action by those who are sworn to protect us should consistently go unpunished. These robberies of lives make us feel helpless and hopeless but we have to believe that we are fighting for the rights of the next generation, for the next young men and women who believe in good. This is a human fight. No matter your race, gender, or sexual orientation. This is a fight for anyone who feels marginalized, who is struggling for freedom and human rights. This is not a plea to all police officers but toward any human being who fails to value life. The war on people of color and all minorities needs to be over. Fear is not an excuse. Hate will not win. We all have the power to channel our anger and frustration into action. We must use our voices to contact the politicians and legislators in our districts and demand social and judicial changes. While we pray for the families of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, we will also pray for an end to this plague of injustice in our communities. Click in to contact the politicians and legislators in your area. Your voice will be heard.  Beyonc On Thursday, she also paused her concert in Glasgow, Scotland, for a moment of silence and a tribute over the killing of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile:Beyonc  takes moment during her Glasgow show for  those who lost their lives to police violence  https://t.co/peilooh3hghttps://t.co/QXNcKMXKMb  ABC News (@ABC) July 8, 2016Hopefully, the powerful words of this wonderful musician and civil rights crusader are heard, along with those of others. It s time to stop the violence.Featured image via Mike Coppola with Getty Images.",0
5555, WATCH: Governor Admits Cops Shot Philando Castile Dead Because He Was Black,"Minnesota governor Mark Dayton believes that Philando Castile was killed because he was a black man. The governor made his point of view crystal clear in public statements given on Thursday. Would this have happened if those passengers, the driver were white?  he asked.  I don t think it would have. Dayton said he has spoken with Minnesota s senators, Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, and the area s House representatives and would be demanding a Justice Department investigation. I can t say how shocked I am and deeply, deeply offended that this would happen to somebody in Minnesota,  Dayton said grimly.  No one should be shot in Minnesota for a taillight being out of function. No one should be killed in Minnesota while seated in their car. Castile was shot and killed in the city of Falcon Heights after he was pulled over for a supposed broken taillight. As his girlfriend sat in the passenger seat and his 4-year-old daughter sat in the back, the police officer shot into the car. According to his girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, Castile complied with the officer s demands as he approached the vehicle.Castile told the cop he had a license to carry a concealed weapon, but was killed before he could produce it.In the video the cop can be seen freaking out, immediately after the shooting.The aftermath of the incident was streamed on Reynolds  Facebook Live account, and sparked protests in Minnesota and elsewhere in America on Thursday. President Obama highlighted the case, along with the shooting death of Alton Sterling.The cases have brought the Black Lives Matter movement back to the front burner, though for black Americans the forever present threat of death from police officers has never gone away.Despite their advocacy in favor of concealed carry laws, the NRA has refused to comment on Castile s death. The organization has often been silent about gun crimes with black victims.Featured image via screen capture",0
5556, This One Amazing Tweet CRUSHES Both Email-Gate And Racist Cop Murders In One Fell Swoop,"What do Hillary s emails and police murders of unarmed black citizens have to do with each other? Powerful white men, i.e. the powerful, white men who currently run Congress, who are absolutely pissed and screaming in ugly indignation at the fact that the FBI didn t recommend indicting Hillary for her emails, and the Department of Justice listened.One tweet, posted by @OhNoSheTwitnt, explains the connection as these powerful white men misdirecting their anger towards a scandal that isn t even a scandal:Imagine if powerful white men were as vocally outraged about an innocent black person being shot as they are about improper use of email.  OhNoSheTwitnt (@OhNoSheTwitnt) July 6, 2016How do you make this point better than that? If the GOP in Congress were half as angry about real injustice, and real problems, as they are about Hillary s emails, they might actually be able to get some real work done. If they were as angry about police shooting unarmed black men to death as they are about Hillary s emails, they might call for hearings and investigations into why that keeps happening, instead of investigating Hillary over and over, ad nauseam.Two men. Two days. Both black. Both unarmed. One in front of his child. Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. And conservatives everywhere repeatedly question what these two along with hundreds of others are doing to provoke the police. They denigrate Black Lives Matter. President Obama s anger is correctly focused. But Republicans?Well, they re talking about opening an investigation into whether Hillary lied under oath now, because she must be a criminal in some way, shape or form. They just have to find it. Four years and millions of taxpayer dollars have been wasted investigating Hillary for absolutely everything under the sun, but that s not enough for them.@OhNoSheTwitnt s point absolutely shreds the powerful, white men that run Congress, and run the GOP, in the most brilliant manner possible. Too bad the powerful white men who most need to think about this would rather focus their time, energy and taxpayer dollars on something that really doesn t fucking matter.Featured image by Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images and Twitter",0
5557, Donald Trump Can’t Even Control His Temper In Meeting About Party Unity,"In a meeting about  party unity,  Donald Trump had trouble holding his tongue (no surprise there) toward Senate Republicans who haven t always had the most flattering things to say about the GOP frontrunner. He threatened three of them with making sure none are reelected.Trump is famously very thin-skinned. Whenever he feels he s been wronged, which is basically all the time, or whenever someone fails to fawn all over him, he retaliates. He often takes to social media for retaliation, or the campaign trail, but this time, he s threatening more and today s biggest victim if Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Arizona).Flake isn t shy about saying that he thinks Trump would be very bad for the country. When he (Trump) refers to a judge born in Indiana as a Mexican in a pejorative way, when he calls those crossing the border rapists or when he goes after McCain (who Trump accused of being a coward because he was captured and held prisoner during the Vietnam War), somebody has to stand up and say,  This is not the Republican Party,    Flake added.  Because we ll have elections beyond this one, too, and we can t associate ourselves with those kinds of comments and be a serious national party. Source: Arizona CentralTrump responded by calling Flake  very critical of me. Flake, defending McCain, said,  yes, I m the other senator from Arizona   the one who didn t get captured   and I want to talk to you about statements like that.  Flake also insisted that he will not get behind Trump as a candidate. Trump then said that Flake will lose his election. Perhaps Trump should have uncharacteristically done his homework. Flake isn t running for reelection for two more years.The other victims of the unity meeting were Senator Mark Kirk (R-Illinois), who withdrew his endorsement of Trump and Senator Ben Sasse (R-Nebraska), who is advocating for a third-party candidate.Characterizing Kirk as a loser, Trump vowed that he would carry Illinois in the general election even though the state traditionally has been solidly Democratic in presidential contests. Kirk did not attend the meeting with Trump.Source: Washington PostTrump was more cordial to Sasse, who is still not on the billionaire s side. Senator Sasse went to today s meeting ready to listen. Senator Sasse introduced himself to Mr. Trump, and the two had a gracious exchange,  said James Wegmann, the senator s spokesman.  Mr. Sasse continues to believe that our country is in a bad place and, with these two candidates, this election remains a dumpster fire. Nothing has changed. Still, Republicans are by and large falling in line with the candidate. He was greeted by applause in the House, but that doesn t mean everyone is with him. Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pennsylvania), says he still needs to be persuaded, so the door is still open.Rep. Mark Sanford (R-South Carolina), who s most famous for skipping out on his job and lying to his constituents while he had a tryst with his Argentinian girlfriend, had concerns that Trump didn t know enough about the Constitution. Some were concerned that Trump has praised Saddam Hussein. Others complained of the infamous Star of David tweet that Trump insists was a  sheriff s star.  In other words, there were many members of the room who had serious issues with Trump. Come November, though, you can bet they ll all be voting for him.Featured image via Drew Angerer at Getty Images.",0
5558, White Man Arrested Unscathed After Pointing Shotgun At Cars And Shooting At A Cop (VIDEO),"This week, black men died at the hands of police in two unjustified and high profile scenarios. The murders of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and of Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, have once again reminded us that there is an unequal system of justice in America. If you re white, you re arrested and charged. If you re not, something as simple as jaywalking can be a death sentence.Video of the Sterling shooting shows officer pinning the 37-year-old man to the ground before he was shot multiple times in the back and chest. As for Castile, well, we saw him die live on Facebook after his girlfriend turned on her camera following the shooting. They had been pulled over for a  busted tail light,  and the 32-year-old was shot as he was reaching for his ID and wallet as police requested. Castile had a gun on him   he licensed to carry a concealed weapon   but this incident serves as more evidence that the Second Amendment is a  whites-only  thing.Both of these men, like Michael Brown and Eric Garner, John Crawford and the numerous black men gunned down by racist police, clearly did not deserve to die. It s not like they drew a weapon and fired at police. Who would do that, anyway? Oh, right.Ray, 62, was arrested peacefully by police after he innocently stood on the roadside in Wake County, North Carolina, as he pointed his shotgun at passing cars. You know, exercising his Second Amendment rights and all that. When Sheriff s Deputy D.R. Farmerstopped to question him, Ray became belligerent and pointed the shotgun at the officer. This alone would give Farmer reason to, at minimum, draw his weapon. But it gets worse. The deputy luckily grabbed the barrel and pushed him back,  Sheriff Donnie Harrison said.  The man says,  I got something for you  and reached in his pocket and came back with a pistol. Farer pushed the .22-caliber handgun aside, but not before Ray was able to fire off a shot. Luckily, nobody got hurt. That s the good thing. God was looking out for us,  Harrison said.  (Ray) was very fortunate that he didn t get shot, very fortunate that anybody didn t get shot. Why didn t he get shot? What could possibly be the difference between this man and those who were so recently outright murdered by police?Ray s defense attorney and neighbor says mental health is the issue, but police point out that alcohol was a factor as well. Ray was drunk at the time of the incident. After his arrest, Ray continued to be uncooperative with police, snatching cameras off the wall of an interrogation room.He has been charged with two counts of assault on a law enforcement officer with a firearm and one count of injury to personal property because of the camera incident.At no point was he beaten, shot, deprived of food and water, or denied medical care. It s almost as though he s considered a human being with rights   which is treatment above and beyond what many African-Americans receive from police across the nation. Even if they are lucky enough to live long enough to see the inside of a jail cell, as we noticed with Sandra Bland, death is always lurking around the corner   and it s usually wearing a badge.Watch a report on the arrest below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5559, WATCH: An Atheist Just HUMILIATED A Creationist While Debating Evolution In Front Of Noah’s Ark Museum,"A creationist tried to debate an atheist about evolution and he got owned within seconds.Outside the recently opened Noah s Ark museum in Kentucky, which took $18 million from taxpayers in violation of the separation of church and state, protesters gathered to counter the bullshit creation story that Ken Ham is trying to shove down everyone s throats.Noted atheist Aron Ra joined the protesters and was soon challenged to a debate on evolution by creationist Eric Hovind, a fundamentalist Christian who agrees with Ham that the Earth is only 6,000 years old and that dinosaurs and humans existed at the same time despite all the science that proves otherwise.Conservative  Christians  like Hovind and Ham reject evolution science and advocate for teaching creationism in science class in order to indoctrinate kids into Christianity against their will.But after the way Hovind got his ass handed to him by science during this encounter on Thursday, it s clear why creationism should never be taught in schools. There are hundreds of state-funded museums around the world teaching the religion of evolution,  Hovind whined even though evolution is science, not religion.One protester pointed out that those state-funded museums do not discriminate against against people seeking employment the way the Ark museum discriminates against anyone who isn t a Christian who shares their beliefs.Ra responded by noting that unlike creationism, evolution is  demonstrable verifiable science. Hovind s only comeback was to continue branding evolution a  religious worldview. Ra made sure everyone present knew that Hovind s only defense of his beliefs is to tell lies about evolution.Hovind then asked the question that got him owned. Do you believe we came from an ape-like ancestor?  Hovind demanded to know.At this point, Ra used science as a club and beat Hovind over the head with it. Apes don t have tails   learn taxonomy!  Ra said to cheers from the crowd.  So yes, you are an ape, by definition. In fact, he s absolutely right. As Raw Story explained:From a biological standpoint, apes are a classification of anthropoid primates that don t have tails. There are two different families of apes: Hylobatidae and Hominidae. The Hominidae branch includes orangutans, gorillas  and, yes, humans.With no other way to counter Ra, Hovind and his band of thugs resorted to accusing Ra of sounding like Hitler, which pretty much means Hovind knows he got beat.Here s the video via Facebook.The bottom line is that Earth is billions of years old and dinosaurs died out 65 million years ago before humans arrived on the scene. Stunts like the Ark park are efforts by organized religion to brainwash kids.Taxpayer dollars should never have been used to help build this abomination and quite frankly it should open the door for the government to finally tax the churches. Because if churches can receive tax dollars to help them push their bullshit, they should have to pay taxes in return.Featured image via screen capture",0
5560, Trump’s Son-In-Law OBLITERATED By His Jewish Family After Defending Trump’s Anti-Semitic Tweet,"Jared Kushner, who is Ivanka Trump s husband and therefore King Donnie s son-in-law, played the good son-in-law by stepping up and boldly defending His Royal Anti-Semite s anti-Semitic tweet against Hillary, just like everyone else who thinks the whole brouhaha is just  political correctness run amok.  The problem is, he did so by invoking his Jewish grandparents  history in the Holocaust, and now his family is rightfully livid at him for it.Because really, he s going to defend an anti-Semitic image by saying his grandparents are Holocaust survivors so he knows better than the evil media what is and isn t anti-Semitic? Where has he been living that he thinks this is okay? In a bubble that s under a rock, which is deep in a cave in the middle of the Himalayas?Marc Kushner, Jared s first cousin, responded to this brown-nosing butt-fuckery with a link to Jared s op-ed, and this simple statement at the top: I have a different take-away from my Grandparents  experience in the war. It is our responsibility as the next generation to speak up against hate. Anti-semitism or otherwise. It was Jacob Schulder, another cousin, though, that really let loose on both Jared and the Anti-Semite-in-Chief with a comment that appears to have since been deleted, but that Politico still has: When an out of touch with reality nominee hires an out of touch with reality campaign manager, who is also a son -in- law, you get the BS Jared wrote. I don t think Trump is an anti Semite; I think he s a lying idiot (among other things) with little to no experiences outside his teetering fiefdom of failed development projects, divorces, bankrupted sports leagues, fraudulent  Universities  and golf courses (and the list keeps going). The very first thing a responsible campaign manager should do, I d think, and I mean the very first thing, would be to take away his father- in -law s Twitter account. Even Joseph Kushner would ve had the street smarts to figure that one out while living on boiled potatoes in the forest. Schulder went on to explain exactly how the rest of us know that this was no  accident,  and King Dunce isn t the least bit sorry, so it ll probably happen again: That my grandparents have been dragged into this is a shame. Thank you Jared for using something sacred and special to the descendants of Joe and Rae Kushner to validate the sloppy manner in which you ve handled this campaign. From the references to  Palestine  at the AIPAC conference (which got Donald jeered) to the justification of the itchy Twitter fingers your father in law has, you ve managed to further prove what so many of us have known for many years. Kudos to you for having gone this far  no one expected this. But for the sake of the family name, which may have no meaning to you but still has meaning to others, please don t invoke our grandparents in vain just so you can sleep better at night. It is self serving and disgusting. So what did he say that was so offensive? In an op-ed posted to Observer.com on Wednesday, Kushner said: [T]he worst that his detractors can fairly say about him is that he has been careless in retweeting imagery that can be interpreted as offensive. He then launched into a narrative of his grandparents  history of trying to escape the Nazis in Russia, and some of the horrors they endured while doing so. His grandmother did escape and joined a resistance cell, where she met his grandfather, who had been living in a literal hole in the ground for three years, trying to remain hidden from the Nazis. Then he said: I go into these details, which I have never discussed, because it s important to me that people understand where I m coming from when I report that I know the difference between actual, dangerous intolerance versus these labels that get tossed around in an effort to score political points. Where he s coming from? Oh, that s right, he s coming from His Royal Racism s rear end in the same manner as diarrhea. The thing is, using the Star of David in the manner of that tweet, along with the fact that it originally came from neo-Nazis, is intentionally anti-Semitic. This was no accident of ignorance in any way, shape or form, and someone with family that survived the Holocaust should know a lot better than this.But Kushner has drunk the Kool-Aid mixed by King Dunce himself, and is brainwashed into believing that the Serial-Racist-Tweeter-in-Chief can t possibly be that hateful and bigoted. With that explanation out of the way, the only one left is that the tweet was not anti-Semitic, and Trump is just a little careless.Please.Of course, a source close to Kushner says that he hasn t even spoken to these people in ten years, so they don t matter. That s a bunch of bull cookies right there. Kushner may not have spoken to them in ten years, but he invoked his history, which is their history too, in a public forum. Therefore, it matters. End of.The entire campaign is rife with broad racism, which includes anti-Semitism. Trump has a bad habit of retweeting white supremacists, including neo-Nazi groups. Kushner shouldn t be telling anybody that the anti-Semitic tweet was a mere mistake, especially not if he s going to insult his own family, and their Jewish history, in doing so.Featured image by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images for FINCA",0
5561, Family Values: Eric Trump Says His Sister Is Hot Enough To Be His Dad’s Vice President (VIDEO),"Like father, like son. Eric Trump didn t miss a beat when he was asked whether or not his sister Ivanka could make a good vice president. Of course, he mused, she s got the looks.Eric was on Fox and Friends doing a fluff piece about his father when the discussion of vice presidential picks came up. Contrary to much of the information leaking out of the Trump campaign, the younger Trump was adament that people were begging his dad for the chance to be his vice president. Eric didn t mention a single actual name, which makes sense because it was a lie.According to many people the New York Times spoke to, the answer would be an emphatic no: Never,  said Chris Schrimpf, a spokesman for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio.  No chance. Hahahahahahahahaha,  wrote Sally Bradshaw, a senior adviser to Jeb Bush, when asked if he would consider it. Scott Walker has a visceral negative reaction to Trump s character,  said Ed Goeas, a longtime adviser to the Wisconsin governor.Or, as Senator Lindsey Graham put it,  That s like buying a ticket on the Titanic. Likewise, many of Trump s own top choices have since publicly rejected the offer including Iowa Senator Joni Ernst and Tennessee Senator Bob Corker.So Fox and Friends were left floating hypotheticals with Eric. They brought up Ivanka, whose only qualification appears to be that she briefly made a business out of selling scarves that were dangerously flammable. Eric was smitten with the idea   in his own creepy way. I agree, she s got the beautiful looks. She s got she s smart. She s smart, smart, smart, she s certainly got my vote. She s got the beautiful looks?It appears Eric has taken after his dad in routinely objectifying and sexualizing the women in the Trump family. Donald Trump has spoken at length about the attractiveness of both of his daughters, including musing about the eventual size of daughter Tiffany s breasts while she was still an infant. For Ivanka he s said (joked?) several times that she is so attractive that he would be dating her if she weren t his own offspring. Yeah, she s really something, and what a beauty, that one. If I weren t happily married and, ya know, her father It s unclear whether Trump actually fantasizes about sleeping with his own daughter or if his own worldview is merely so warped by misogyny and sexist gender ideals that his only pride for a woman like Ivanka is that she grew up to be attractive. Neither option should instill confidence in this man. The fact that his son is showing the same tendency to reduce his sister to a sex object is equally troubling.And these are the people who are to represent the  family values  crowd. Good grief.Featured image via Fox News",0
5562, FBI Director Just Smacked The Smug Look Off Trey Gowdy’s Face And Left Him Speechless (VIDEO),"Professional Clinton witch hunter Trey Gowdy probably expected the public grilling of FBI Director James Comey to go a lot better than it did. On Thursday, unsatisfied with the lack of prosecution of a certain person whose name rhymes with  Schmillary Schminton, Republicans decided to investigate the investigators. For hours, Comey maintained a superhuman level of cool as he answered every ridiculous question Gowdy and pals threw at him as they struggled to find something   anything   they could use to rake the former Secretary of state over the coals.While discussing intent to commit a crime, Gowdy explained to Comey that the FBI director was a  white collar prosecutor  while he was a  gutter prosecutor    something that appears to be a dog-whistle term for  black people    and that the people Gowdy prosecuted were too stupid to know that murder is wrong.Gowdy told Comey that he is  reading a specific-intent element into a gross negligence statute  regarding Clinton s supposed willful lawbreaking   and that s when Comey dropped the hammer: The question you gotta ask is why is it that the Department of Justice since 1917 has not used that gross negligence statute but charging it once in an espionage case. Whether their decision was smart or not, that is the record of fairness. So you have to decide, so I treat this person against that record, and if I do is that a fair thing to do? Even if you re not worried about the constitutionality of it, my judgment is no reasonable prosecutor would do that. That would be celebrity hunting.Picture if you will Comey picking up his microphone, flattening his palm, and dropping it on the floor. That s basically what happened. The look on Gowdy s face was priceless. Silence filled the room and Gowdy was left with nothing but his dumbfounded expression.Watch it below. It will make your day:Featured image via screengrab",0
5563," Hillary Clinton Never Put National Security In Danger, But Guess Who Did?","Republicans are desperately trying to convince America that Hillary Clinton can t be trusted with national security, but they conveniently ignore how they have put our nation in danger themselves.Once again, Republicans are obsessed with Hilary Clinton s private emails after the FBI declined to charge her with any of the imaginary crimes Republicans think she committed.So they are interrogating FBI Director James Comey over the decision because they didn t get their way.However, it should be pointed out that this whole  scandal  is just another manufactured persecution effort designed to sabotage the election prospects of their main opponent in the presidential election.According to Slate, Hillary Clinton did not even come close to compromising national security because even if Russia had hacked her private server the information gleaned would have been of little interest.Seven of the eight email chains dealt with CIA drone strikes, which are classified top secret/special access program .Everyone in the world knows about these strikes; nongovernment organizations, such as New America, tabulate them; newspapers around the world including the New York Times, where some of the same reporters are now writing so breathlessly about Clinton s careless handling of classified information cover these strikes routinely.The other top secret email chain described a conversation with the president of Malawi. Conversations with foreign leaders are inherently classified.In other words, even if terrorists had hacked Clinton s server they would not have learned anything they couldn t have learned from simply picking up a newspaper.Furthermore, the House Republicans conducting these witch hunts have actually put national security at risk AND they also use private emails.As it turns out, Rep. Jason Chaffetz and Rep. Trey Gowdy also use private emails.Alternet reports that Chaffetz uses his private email address on his business card instead of his official government email address and Trey Gowdy also uses his website email address.Here s an image of Chaffetz s business card.Gowdy even outed a CIA operative by releasing documents to the public as he was investigating Clinton for somehow exposing our national security to outside risks. I don t recall him ever calling for himself to be investigated for that.Alternet tried reaching Gowdy for comment but he ignored the request which means he refuses to discuss his own private email uses. It s true that there are legitimate issues with Clinton failing to segregate work and personal email,  Alternet conceded.  But it s troubling that Members of Congress handling sensitive investigations into national security matters such as the Benghazi incident don t appear to be willing to be transparent about their own email practices. Indeed, Congressional Republicans are not the only hypocrites when it comes to emails. Former Secretaries of State Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell also used private emails and received classified information on them when they worked in the Bush Administration. And let s not forget the millions of emails that the Bush White House deleted.Clearly, there is a double standard here. Apparently, Republicans have no problem putting national security at risk with their own failure to keep classified information off of private email servers but when a Democrat does it they immediately pounce as if it has never been done before. They declare that it s some major  scandal  even as they are doing the same thing.If Republicans want Hillary Clinton to be arrested so much, they should voluntarily turn themselves in to FBI custody for doing the same thing and much worse. That means President Bush, Karl Rove, Condoleezza Rice, Colin Powell, Trey Gowdy, and Jason Chaffetz should all be slapped with shiny metal bracelets. But we all know that Republicans won t do that.Featured Image: Flickr/Flickr",0
5564, Everyone Needs To Read Obama’s Remarks After Two More Black Men Fall To Police Brutality,"After yet two more instances of unwarranted police brutality against black men who were simply existing, the nation has once again become divided between those who seek to value life and want to see these senseless killings stop, and those who seek to demonize the recently departed, putting the deceased on trial rather than their murderers.One person who seems to understand the full scope and recklessness of these deaths and unjust killings is President Obama. He just released his remarks after the recent killings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, LA, and Philando Castile of Falcon Heights, MN.Here is President Obama s statement in full: All Americans should be deeply troubled by the fatal shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota. We ve seen such tragedies far too many times, and our hearts go out to the families and communities who ve suffered such a painful loss.Although I am constrained in commenting on the particular facts of these cases, I am encouraged that the U.S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation in Baton Rouge, and I have full confidence in their professionalism and their ability to conduct a thoughtful, thorough, and fair inquiry.But regardless of the outcome of such investigations, what s clear is that these fatal shootings are not isolated incidents. They are symptomatic of the broader challenges within our criminal justice system, the racial disparities that appear across the system year after year, and the resulting lack of trust that exists between law enforcement and too many of the communities they serve.To admit we ve got a serious problem in no way contradicts our respect and appreciation for the vast majority of police officers who put their lives on the line to protect us every single day. It is to say that, as a nation, we can and must do better to institute the best practices that reduce the appearance or reality of racial bias in law enforcement.That s why, two years ago, I set up a Task Force on 21st Century Policing that convened police officers, community leaders, and activists. Together, they came up with detailed recommendations on how to improve community policing. So even as officials continue to look into this week s tragic shootings, we also need communities to address the underlying fissures that lead to these incidents, and to implement those ideas that can make a difference. That s how we ll keep our communities safe. And that s how we can start restoring confidence that all people in this great nation are equal before the law.In the meantime, all Americans should recognize the anger, frustration, and grief that so many Americans are feeling   feelings that are being expressed in peaceful protests and vigils. Michelle and I share those feelings. Rather than fall into a predictable pattern of division and political posturing, let s reflect on what we can do better. Let s come together as a nation, and keep faith with one another, in order to ensure a future where all of our children know that their lives matter. Thank you, Mr. President. Your compassion of life and love for all will be a legacy we all shall remember well past your time in office. You are a man of, by and for the people, and it shows each and every day.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5565, Donald Trump Hints That He Might Decide Not To Serve If Elected,"Donald Trump just played coy and hinted that if he manages to defeat Hillary Clinton and is elected, he might decide not to serve as President of the United States after all.During an interview with The New York Times, the presumptive Republican nominee was asked about a hypothetical scenario in which he wins the election but then decides not to take office. I ll let you know how I feel about it after it happens,  Trump replied.The newspaper was probably correct when they wrote that it is  entirely possible that Mr. Trump is playing coy to earn more news coverage.  However, it is interesting to ponder nonetheless.Many wondered if the reality tv star turned presidential hopeful was really a serious competitor for the presidency when he began his campaign. Somehow, Trump successfully beat out all the other GOP candidates to become the last man standing and the nominee of the Republican party. I ve actually done very well,  Trump said.  We beat 18 people, right? When told about The Donald s comment on whether he d serve if elected president, Stuart Stevens, a senior adviser to Mitt Romney in 2012, said Trump is a  con man who is shocked his con hasn t been called. He has no sense of how to govern,  Stevens said.  He can t even put together a campaign. Roger Stone, a long-time strong Trump supporter and one of his loudest cheerleaders, said Trump would  certainly serve  if elected. I m fairly certain about that. You think he d resign? I don t see that happening,  he said. There is only one star in the Donald Trump show, and that s Donald Trump. Sean Spicer, a spokesman for the Republican National Convention, said the notion that Trump would decide not to serve after winning the election was downright  silly. He s in it to win it,  Spicer said.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5566," House GOP Holds Zika Bill Hostage, Proposes Plan To Slash Birth Control Funding","Pregnant women throughout the America s are threatened by the Zika virus, but House Republicans couldn t care less and are still holding the bill that would fight the epidemic hostage. The GOP released their latest funding proposal on Wednesday and the plan proposes cuts to the federal grant that helps low-income women access birth control and other family planning services.The Title X Family Planning program, which was established more than 45 years ago, provides reproductive healthcare services to 4.1 million patients each year, preventing approximately 1 million unplanned pregnancies. So naturally, conservatives are hell bent on eliminating Title X.The Huffington Post reports:  The House Appropriations Committee proposed cutting the program in its draft Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies funding bill for fiscal year 2017. This is the fifth time Republicans have attempted to scrap Title X. Under the GOP proposal, $108 million would be cut from programs that focus on preventing teen pregnancies.The funding bill does allocate $390 million for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to fight the Zika virus, but women s health advocates warn that the middle of a Zika outbreak is not the time to cut funding for contraception. Zika can be transmitted both through mosquitos and sexually. Women who become infected with the virus while pregnant can have babies born with severe birth defects, including microcephaly. Babies born with microcephaly have malformed brains and abnormally small heads, and they face a lifetime of challenges.Clare Coleman, president of the National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Association, said that cutting funding smack dab in the middle of the Zika outbreak would be  particularly foolish. It is particularly foolish to target Title X at a time when the nation is at the precipice of a public health emergency resulting from the Zika virus. For the House to propose defunding the very provider network that is being called upon to address and control the risk to women who may be seeking to prevent pregnancy is absurd.Republicans in Congress have such a dislike for Title X because some of its funding goes to Planned Parenthood, which provides abortions among its range of services. None of that money pays for abortions, however, and federal law already prevents these grants from being used to fund abortions.According to a statement released by House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), the goal of the funding bill is to reduc[e] discretionary spending by more than half a billion dollars, all the while prioritizing funding where it is needed the most. It follows the responsible lead of the legislation before it   investing in proven, effective programs, rolling back over regulation and overreach by the Administration that kills American jobs, and cutting spending to save hard earned taxpayer dollars.Last month, the House passed a funding proposal for Zika that also limits access to contraception. This completely ignores the request by the CDC for money to distribute birth control and condoms in areas stricken by Zika.Dana Singiser, a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood, called the bill  shameful. Politicians who want to eliminate these vital services are working against a solution, and are part of the problem. Today s budget bill is shameful and exposes the Republican leadership s targeted agenda against family planning providers like Planned Parenthood, despite their absolutely critical role in limiting the damaging effects of Zika virus and continuing to provide access to reproductive health services for those most in need.Since last year, 24 states have tried to defund Planned Parenthood. Many of the states that are expected to be hardest hit by Zika as temperatures rise and mosquitos flourish are also states where  lawmakers have slashed family planning services, chipped away at safe and legal abortion and declined to expand Medicaid coverage. Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
5567," WATCH: Black Police Officer Lays Waste To Racist, Murdering Cops In Emotional Video","There have been two black men, one in Louisiana, one in Minnesota, killed by cops in as many days. This is a pattern, and an extremely disturbing one. A lot of it is racism, but many white people don t want to believe that. They do not want to believe that white privilege is a thing, and being black literally means living under the daily threat of violence   not from criminals, but from cops, from the people who are supposed to serve and protect us. That is the last thing they do, though.However, the thing is this: not all cops are like this. There are many black police officers who are disturbed by the videos of the shootings   and one of them is speaking out. Nakia Jones is a black police officer in a predominantly black neighborhood, and she was so disturbed by the video of Alton Sterling being murdered by cops in Baton Rouge, Louisiana that she recorded a passionate, emotional video. She watched the video, quote,  over and over and over and over again,  to make sure she wasn t viewing it through just the lens of a police officer, or that of a black woman. She looked objectively and was horrified by what she saw. Nakia Jones spoke to both racist cops who murder black men with impunity, and to the black community, in how to change, and of why she took the oath to serve and protect in the first place.Officer Jones shamed racist cops, as they should be shamed, and a system that could just as easily murder her own sons in the same way so many black men have been murdered by police. The video is powerful, beautiful, and heart-wrenching all at the same time. There are too many wonderful quotes therein to begin to put them all in one article. The best way to portray her is to simply watch.Without further ado, here is the most powerful video I ve seen on this subject matter yet:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5568, Trump Gets DESTROYED By Chuck Todd After ‘Sleepy Eyes’ Twitter Attack (TWEETS),"Yesterday, 70-year-old Donald Trump resorted to acting like a 5-year-old again by attacking NBC News  Chuck Todd over Twitter.Unable to process emotions like a grown-up and handle the fact that not everyone will like or agree with him, Trump reignited his Twitter feud with Todd by calling him  Sleepy Eyes  after being upset about Todd s coverage of his rally in North Carolina. Trump also ended up calling Todd  disloyal  for criticizing him, and eventually saying that he didn t want to even talk about him (even though several of Trump s tweets are just about Todd). He tweeted: Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again. He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C. TwitterTrump followed this up with another tweet with the  Sleepy Eyes  insult: I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @[email protected] This was Trump s attempt to engage Todd in an on and off Twitter battle. According to Business Insider, Trump has called Chuck Todd  Sleepy Eyes  16 times over the last 4 years, and he clearly wanted to stir things up again. But Trump s Twitter attacks fell flat, as Todd proved that he knows just how to handle moronic internet bullies like Trump   ignore them. Todd responded on Twitter, and shut the whole thing down in one sentence:TwitterThis tweet went out about an hour after Todd s Meet The Press Daily panel discussed Trump s disastrous search for a running mate, noting that several of the business mogul s picks for VP were pulling out. Todd has been one of Trump s most outspoken critics in the media, having previously called him out on his hypocritical attacks against his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton.TwitterTrump has previously moaned and whined about Meet The Press being  totally biased  and against  him, and that s how Todd and NBC know they re doing something right. The media is supposed to be critical and point out fallacies, and Trump just doesn t have the temperament to handle it.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5569, MUST WATCH: This Trump Video May Prove He’s Finally Lost His Mind,"Donald Trump s antics at a campaign rally on Wednesday night were completely and totally unhinged, even adjusting for the strange standards of Donald Trump. Despite media claims that Trump was making a  pivot  towards more seriousness and substance, and the belief that new communications hires would keep Trump more on message, he was a wild man once again.Seemingly out of nowhere, Trump began a riff on how much he hates mosquitoes.Trump doesn't like mosquitoes (in Cincinnati, OH at the Sharonville Convention Center) pic.twitter.com/ZQY0pywHKi  Marcus DiPaola (@marcusdipaola) July 7, 2016Using a weird voice, Trump said,  I don t want mosquitoes around me.  He then slapped at a mosquito on his podium and screamed,  I DON T LIKE MOSQUITOES. I don t like those mosquitoes, I never did. Speaking of mosquitoes, oh hello Hillary how are you doing,  he concluded, before moving on to another topic.Republicans have noted that instead of squeezing some mileage out of the critical FBI press conference on Hillary Clinton s emails, Trump has stumbled from one controversy to the next. First his campaign tweeted anti-semitic imagery about Clinton that they deleted, then he praised Saddam Hussein at a campaign rally, and has now appointed himself the bug-hunter-in-chief.Trump s problem appears to be that he is relying on the headline-grabbing antics of his campaign that worked so well for him against the Republican field. But in the general election, against a candidate in Hillary Clinton who doesn t have to pander to racists, the bombastic Trump style is appearing more and more like a dud.And Trump s antics easily ally him with an existing frame for his campaign that has been exploited by Democrats. Both Clinton and President Obama have invoked the need for a steady hand over the launch codes for America s nuclear launch codes, and contrasted that need to Trump s public rhetoric.The candidate clearly believes he can  wing it  on the way to the White House, but general election audiences are not nearly as enraptured with Trump s antics as Republicans were.Featured image via Twitter",0
5570, Trump FREAKS OUT About Deleting His Anti-Semitic Tweet: ‘We Shouldn’t Have Taken It Down!’ (VIDEO/TWEET),"It is literally impossible for Donald Trump to let America forget about what an awful person he is for one day.Trump s campaign has been getting wrecked over the past week thanks to a blatantly anti-Semitic tweet he sent out a few days ago. The tweet was a meme with the Star of David slapped over an anti-Hillary Clinton graphic  a meme that was traced back to a website frequented by white supremacists and neo-Nazis. It doesn t seem possible, but Trump has managed to make the situation even worse.At a rally in Ohio on Wednesday night, Trump went on an insane rant about how unfair it was that his offensive tweet had to be taken down and is getting so much negative attention. The Donald repeatedly insisted that the Star of David is actually just a regular star (or a sheriff s star) and that the  dishonest  media are actually the ones who are profiling   not him. Trump went out of his way to go after CNN, or the  Clinton News Network,  for rightfully calling him out on the anti-Semitic tweet, labeling the network and the rest of the media  sick. Then, Trump complained that he d had to alter the meme (by putting a circle over the Star of David) and pull the original off of social media. He whined that his social media director, Dan Scavino,  shouldn t have taken it down. TwitterYou can watch Trump throw a temper tantrum about not being able to show his true bigot colors freely below:It s clear that Trump doesn t give a sh*t if his meme carried a super offensive or oppressive message. All that matters in Trump s mind is that he s right, everyone else is wrong, and he can do whatever the hell he wants without being called out on his bigotry.Featured image via Gage Skidmore / Flickr",0
5571, Hillary’s GLORIOUS ‘Frozen’ Pun Just Totally Melted Trump On Twitter,"Donald Trump has been very busy trying to defend his anti-Semitic Star of David tweet, which came from an obviously bigoted white supremacist website, but this latest attempt to defend the indefensible really takes the cake. Trump actually tried to use Disney s popular Frozen movie   which in some sort of advertising campaign for goods relating to the movie used a 6-pointed star   to defend his own bigoted Twitter imagery. He tweeted the following:Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen pic.twitter.com/4LJBpSm8xa  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 7, 2016The thing is, though, Disney didn t use the star to suggest corruption or put it on top of a pile of cash. It was innocently promoting stickers for children. What Trump s simple mind can t understand is that it was the combination of things in the image that he tweeted that made it so outrageously offensive. Well, Hillary Clinton was not letting Trump s ridiculous argument fly. She seized on Trump s ignorant tweet, and burned him hard:Do you want to build a strawman? https://t.co/AoeNTJOGpo  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 7, 2016Hillary runs intellectual circles around Trump. This is just a preview of what we re going to see in the debates. His ignorance will really show then, and no amount of  Crooked Hillary  memes and tweets, no number of raucus, violent rallies, and no amount of dog whistling to white supremacists will be able to hide his massive ignorance and gross lack of presidential qualifications on the debate stage opposite the only truly qualified candidate in this race for the highest office in the land.Keep leaning on him Hillary. We all know how thin his skin is. Make him IMPLODE.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
5572, WATCH: Former Army Major General Issues Serious Warning About Donald Trump’s Presidential Campaign,"Donald Trump s candidacy has been very concerning to experts and leaders on national security. His erratic and aggressive philosophies on war and security would likely get thousands of Americans and others killed, while destabilizing the world and making the entire planet less safe.To address those concerns, a new ad has been produced by the veterans group VoteVets starring Major General Paul D. Eaton highlighting why he cannot support Trump for president.Referencing his father s military service, and the men and women who served under them during his time in the military, General Eaton says,  for all of them, and for our country, I cannot support Donald Trump. Eaton points out that  Donald Trump does not have the temperament or judgement to be our commander-in-chief, that s why I m speaking out. Trump s agenda presents key dangers for America s military, including his expressed desire to renew the torture program that began under Bush/Cheney. Trump has said he would expand waterboarding, which is a violation of the Geneva Conventions, and said he would make the military attack and kill the families of terrorists   a likely war crime.The presumptive Republican nominee was widely criticized for a speech in which he praised dictator Saddam Hussein   the so-called  butcher of Baghdad  for what he described as  good  policies against terrorism. Later fact checks pointed out that in addition to being an oppressive authoritarian dictator, Hussein actually provided shelter and refuge for terrorists.Eaton served as Commanding General of the military coalition section that trained soldiers in Iraq between 2003-4. He served in the military for over 36 years, then later became a critic of the Bush administration s reckless policies in Iraq. Eaton since then has served as a military adviser to Hillary Clinton s 2008 presidential campaign, and as a supporter of Obama later that year.Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
5573, Donald Trump’s Claim That He’s The Strongest GOP Candidate Ever Is Bulls*it,"Donald Trump loves to brag that he is the strongest Republican candidate ever. As proof, he offers the fact that he received 13 million votes during the primary. Reagan, Trump says, had fewer than 8 million votes. He also bypassed Romney by about three million.Here s what Trump says about it: Look, you know the Republican Party has largely come together. They agree with me, and they believe in me, and I got more votes than anybody in the history of primary elections,  Trump replied.  Nobody s ever even gotten close, the Republicans. I got more than Ronald Reagan, I got more than Richard Nixon, I got more than Dwight Eisenhower, I got more than anybody But I have to say, the Republicans better get smart, they better start sticking together.  Source: Breitbart.comTrump s claim is absolutely true. Do you feel that? That s a collective chill going down the spines of every sane person on the planet. Fortunately for all of sanity, it s not as simple as Trump or some in the media claim. Trump did not bypass Ronald Reagan or even Mitt Romney in the popular vote, and here s why: In the simplest of terms, we have a lot more people than we did when Reagan ran in 1980 and even when Romney ran in 2012.The truth doesn t bode well for Trump:In 1980, Ronald Reagan won 7.7 million votes in the Republican contests in a country that had more than 80 million fewer people of voting age. Further, more than a dozen states held non-binding caucuses that the candidates largely ignored. Adjusting for the population increase and the number of meaningful primary contests today, Reagan likely would have won close to 14 million votes   significantly more than Trump received, according to a HuffPost analysis.Adjusting George W. Bush s 12 million votes from 2000 the same way suggests he might have won 14.5 million votes. And adjusting 1952 s numbers, Eisenhower might have received 13.6 million votes, while Taft might have won 18.6 million   both more than Trump received.But the biggest GOP winner in modern times, according to the HuffPost analysis, was Richard Nixon in 1960, when the sitting vice president won 5 million votes in just 13 contests   suggesting Nixon could have won 25.6 million votes with today s voting population and primary schedule.Source: Huffington PostLet s compare that to Hillary Clinton. In 2008, both she and Barack Obama nearly tied with more than 17 million votes each. This year, her vote totals are lower (about 16 million) but they are still greater than Donald Trump s.Of course, like most of Trump s boasts, these numbers mean absolutely nothing. Primary voters tend to be a different group of people than general election voters and we are still several months out, but we do know that he s not in a position to do better than Ronald Reagan or even than Mitt Romney.Featured image via Sara D. Davis at Getty Images.",0
5574, One Group Of GOP Voters May Vote Blue For The First Time In 60 Years Because Of Trump,"Polls have shown for awhile that Donald Trump has a solid lead among white voters without a college education. What about those with a college education? That group tends to vote Republican in presidential elections, but it looks like Trump will lose that group of voters for the GOP for the first time in 60 years.This is huge, because it means he s not polling as well with white voters as he thinks he is. In fact, he could lose the white vote as well as every minority vote and the women s vote this year. So he might be able to keep it sort of semi-close, depending on what happens with the white vote, but His Royal Narcissism won t understand that.Since May, our wannabe Fascist-In-Chief has trailed by about six percentage points with this group, and has trailed an average of five points with the general electorate. It seems that his xenophobic policy proposals, along with his insistence that sexism and racism are just political correctness run amok and not actual problems, just don t sit well with people who are educated enough to know how to think for themselves. Education is King Donnie s number one enemy.Romney won this same group by six points in 2012. Romney also held solid leads in states that Trump is putting into play for the first time in years, if not decades. Much to the GOP s dismay, Hillary Clinton is actually competitive in states such as Georgia, Arizona, Utah and Kansas. Romney won these states by an average of 21.5 points. While we can easily expect Utah not to favor His Royal Dishonesty as much as Romney, they could actually turn blue this year because they can t stand Trump.Hillary is polling much better with this group than the Dunce-in-Chief, even though overall, they re fairly close together. It seems that the wannabe President-who-would-be-King may have to rely heavily on circumstances beyond his control to gain ground in the opinion polls again, like Obama losing popularity, an economic crisis, or Hillary getting scandalized due to another witch-hunt.That s a sucky position to be in, although our not-so-broken hearts only bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for him over this. For now, Hillary s growing popularity among white, educated voters could easily give her the presidency.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5575, WATCH: Fox News Host And Trump Supporter Calls Hillary Clinton A ‘Witch’,"If MSNBC had referred to Donald Trump as a rich asshole, Fox News would have thrown a collective hissy fit about it. But the conservative network has no problem insulting the former Secretary of State with a level of vitriol that does not belong in broadcast news.After interrupting Hillary s live speech on Wednesday, in which the Democratic nominee was talking about how real successful businessmen are able to succeed without destroying the lives of others to achieve their goals, Fox turned the commentary over to Antonio Sabato, Jr., who was eager to disrespect her. Just give her a broom so she can fly away, that witch,  he said.  Oh, we cannot stand her and please stop talking. I m not sure who the  we  he was referring to is, but the Calvin Klein model then demonstrated why he is paid to keep his mouth shut and pose for the pretty picture by professing his support of the racist Republican nominee. She s talking about Trump, she s talking about mistakes. What has she created? What has she done in the last   in her entire life, she s done absolutely nothing. I can t stand her talk anymore and I think the American people have to wake up. Donald Trump is the only way. Here s the video via YouTube.It s outrageous that this kind of rhetoric is allowed to be used during a live news broadcast. It s even more outrageous that there were four women sitting with Sabato, Jr. and none of them bothered to smack him down for using such a term to describe the potential first female President of the United States.Make no mistake, this was a sexist attack against Hillary Clinton by a Donald Trump shill who seems to have no problem with Trump s anti-Semitism and anti-immigrant stances despite the fact that he and his parents are immigrants and his maternal grandmother was a Jew who survived the Holocaust.It doesn t get more hypocritical than that.Featured image via screenshot",0
5576, Trump Directly Begs Twitter Fans For Money In Unprecedented Desperation (TWEET),"It s no secret that Trump s campaign isn t exactly raking in the donations. After all, no one wants to risk being tied to a racist xenophobe who is running the biggest con job the American people have ever seen and pretending it s a presidential campaign. Trump is being outspent by Hillary Clinton in a stunning 15-1 margin, and it doesn t seem that he s able to do anything about that right now. To that end, what s an orange dictator-in-the-making to do when his opponent s campaign is so much more competent and well-funded? When it s Donald Trump, there s just one answer to that question: Tweet.Trump has decided to literally beg his many fans on Twitter for money to fund his campaign. Invoking his  Crooked Hillary  theme, he tweeted out to all the neo-Nazis, Klan members, misogynists, and other assorted bigots that litter his cesspool of a Twitter feed:To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. https://t.co/Xv8Q1GuWiH  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 6, 2016This is just pathetic. I mean, it s one thing for politicians and celebrities of various sorts to tweet out for donations to worthy causes, but nobody ever does that for themselves. It really is astounding how the Trump presidential campaign is being run. All it seems to be is a combination of social media insanity   particularly on Twitter   and violent rallies in which he fuels the fire of his bigoted masses.VOTE BLUE all the way down the ticket this fall, folks, unless you want this guy to be sitting in the Oval Office come January.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5577, Ex-Fox Exec Gets A Head Start On Painting Gretchen Carlson As A Liar (TWEETS),"As the fallout from Gretchen Carlson s sexual harassment lawsuit continues, people are stepping forward and offering their two cents (or less) on the issue. It s only natural that former employees would want to weigh in on this as well, and some who are weighing in are really disgusting about it. Former Fox Business executive Ray Hennessey, for instance, threw his totally worthless cents into the ring when he decided to tweet this absolutely sexist crap:There will be lots of piling on Roger Ailes today, but I find the charges hard to believe, except in the context of his sense of humor. 1/2  Ray Hennessey (@Hennesseyedit) July 6, 2016 I can t see Ailes, who is overall a great manager of people, demanding a sexual relationship from any employee. Lawsuit distorts reality 2/2  Ray Hennessey (@Hennesseyedit) July 6, 2016Except Ailes has a history of this that goes back decades. We suppose all those allegations were distortions too, because Ailes was just joking and why can t women take a joke? Or a compliment? Or or or or This is really disgusting. Carlson not only has to endure the strain of the suit itself, but she gets to deal with having her name publicly dragged through the mud as a man-hating feminazi who wants to destroy Ailes  career and life because he fired her.Or anything else along those lines.Hennesey could stand to do a little Googling on the issue before going off. Several sources from Fox News have come forward confirming Carlson s allegations and saying sexual harassment was a regular thing for him. One woman said he d ask her to  turn around so he can see my ass.  Another said Ailes told her she could only wear dresses on the air. That source also dropped this bomb: He always brags to people about how he doesn t do polling or testing when he chooses his on-air talent. He told me that if he was thinking of hiring a woman, he d ask himself if he would fuck her, and if he would, then he d hire her to be on-camera. Ailes also hated Carlson and called her a  crazy, vindictive bitch,  according to these sources. It s very telling that they requested anonymity for fear of retaliation.In other words, there are a lot of people at Fox News who know he s a disgusting, dirty little old man who can t keep his pants zipped. Hennessey made a fool of himself, along with putting himself into that same, sexist  women are all vindictive bitches looking to ruin men s lives  corner.Featured image by Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images",0
5578, WATCH: Hillary RUINS Trump Right Outside His Bankrupt Casino (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Things are not looking good for Donald Trump, and Hillary Clinton is making sure things will only get worse.Just a day after being cleared by the FBI s investigation into her emails, the former Secretary of State headed to Atlantic City, New Jersey to trash Trump s  shameful  business record   right outside of one of Trump s own failed casinos! Standing in front of the bankrupt and shuttered Trump Plaza Casino, Clinton exposed Trump s lies and mocked him in a brilliant, scathing speech.Speaking to a crowd of about 500 people, Clinton pointed out how Trump s involvement in New Jersey had caused  multiple bankruptcies, stiffing contractors and spurring hundreds of job losses.  Warning voters that Trump would do exactly what he did in Atlantic City to America if he won the election, she said: Remember what he promised:  I m going to do for the country what I did for my business.  We should believe him and make sure he never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses. Clinton s speech was only 30 minutes long, but it was all she needed to take Trump and his scammy business endeavors down. Making a perfect example out of Trump Plaza, Clinton joked: Donald Trump once predicted it was the biggest hit yet. Now it s abandoned. Now ask yourself, according to the Donald, isn t he supposed to be some sort of amazing businessman? What in the world happened here? She was especially passionate because this topic hit home for the presumptive Democratic candidate, whose father was a small business owner. She said,  This is personal for me  as she cited an example of how Trump left small business owners with unpaid bills: The people he is trying to convince to vote for him now are the same people he s been exploiting for years: Working people, small business people, trying to support their families. He got rich and got out. And he thinks that s something to be proud of. He didn t just take advantage of investors, he took advantage of working people as well. Here are some highlights from her speech, which show just how brutal Clinton was:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterClinton also made sure to trash one of Trump s biggest supporters, former presidential candidate and New Jersey governor Chris Christie, for being away campaigning with Trump instead of looking after his state. Clinton said:Clinton s main message to Americans was that when Trump is left in charge of anything,  people get hurt and Donald gets paid.  You can watch Clinton slam Trump in her speech below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5579, McConnell Just ADMITTED The NRA Must Approve Next Supreme Court Justice (VIDEO),"We could already make the assumption that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) was making decisions off what the lobbyists in his back pocket are telling him to do, but now it has been confirmed, and in the worst way imaginable.McConnell is literally holding up the confirmation of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court because the NRA doesn t want him. He s keeping one of three branches of government from functioning as it should, because he wants to please the gun lobby over working for the American people.McConnell told Fox News: I can t imagine that a Republican majority in the United States Senate would want to confirm in a lame duck session a nominee opposed by the National Rifle Association, the National Federation of Independent Business that represents small businesses that have never taken a position on a Supreme Court appointment before. They re opposed to this guy. I can t imagine that a Republican majority Senate, even if it were soon to be minority, would want to confirm a judge that would move the court dramatically to the left. That s not gonna happen. This is just absolutely unacceptable, and hopefully McConnell is right. Hopefully the Republicans in the Senate will soon be the minority, and we can actually get Congress working for the people again, and not just for the lobbyists with the most money.Watch McConnell bow to the NRA here.Not @TheOnion   Mitch McConnell told Fox News that the NRA must approve of the next Supreme Court justice. pic.twitter.com/3sl397RXZR  Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) July 6, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5580, Trump’s Love Of Dictators Continues – Now He’s Praising Saddam Hussein (VIDEO),"Thirteen years ago, the United States went to war against Iraq s dictator, Saddam Hussein. While the war ended up being a costly and deadly mistake, propelled by lies, Republicans have long held on to the belief that getting rid of Hussein was a huge bonus for the world. Donald Trump, the GOP frontrunner for President, though, disagrees. To Trump, Saddam Hussein should have been praised. Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. Right? He was a bad guy, really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn t read them the rights   they didn t talk, they were a terrorist, it was over,  Trump said as many in his audience of about 2,000 laughed on Tuesday evening.  Today, Iraq is Harvard for terrorism. You want to be a terrorist, you go to Iraq. It s like Harvard. Okay? So sad. Source: Independent UKHere s the video:Republicans aren t at all happy: He was one of the 20th century s most evil people. He was up there. He committed mass genocide against his own people using chemical weapons,  Ryan told Fox News  Megyn Kelly when asked for his reaction.  Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. This isn t the first time Trump has said something similar. Back in October, Trump said if both Muammar Qaddafi and Saddam Hussein were still in power, the Middle East would be a more stable region.He related the situations in both of those countries with what is currently happening in Syria and seemed to endorse a stronger Bashar Assad, even while admitting that he is  probably a bad guy.   You can make the case, if you look at Libya, look at what we did there   it s a mess   if you look at Saddam Hussein with Iraq, look what we did there   it s a mess   it s [Syria] going to be same thing,  the real estate mogul said.Source: MSNBCTrump isn t alone in having that belief. Many Democrats, including Bernie Sanders, share his opinion. Yes, things were more stable during Hussein s regime, but Think Progress makes the point that the Arab Spring, which caused the ousting and death of Muammar Qaddafi, would have still happened, and it would have affected Iraq.The current state of countries like Iraq, Syria, and Libya has been influenced by foreign involvement and regime change, there is no denying that. But even more constructive in the current chaos is a surviving legacy of political repression and brutal torture. Sanders, Cruz, Paul and the like may be using the premise of stability to argue that the Middle East would be better off under such dictators. Yet under such despots, security is fleeting and chaos follows closely.Again, there s no legitimate defense of the Iraq War, and perhaps the region would have less terrorism now if we hadn t overthrown him (although much of the terrorism is related to our occupation, and not to the overthrow of the government). This can all be debated, and will be debated, for possibly decades.However, the most frightening aspect of Trump s comments is his obsession with dictators. Not only has he praised Hussein and Qaddafi, he s also praised Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong Un. That s a frightening hint at how he plans to run the nation.Featured image via Sara D. Davis at Getty Images. ",0
5581, Fox News’ Roger Ailes Has Actually Been Harassing Female Journalists For Decades,"This morning, the world found out that former Fox News anchor, Gretchen Carlson, was suing CEO Roger Ailes for sexual harassment after being fired from the network. Her complaint is that she was fired because she wouldn t sleep with him, and that women who didn t complain or rebuff him received preferential treatment.Her account rings true, especially to those of us who have likewise experienced that kind of harassment in the workplace, and the retaliation that so often comes with it despite all the laws and company policies on the books. It s further bolstered by the fact that Ailes has a long history of being an openly dirty old man who has zero regard for women as anything more than his sex toys: While interviewing Randi Harrison, a twenty-something out-of-work producer who had come in from Florida, Ailes steered the conversation onto uncomfortable terrain. According to Harrison, Ailes looked over at his NBC office couch and said,  I have helped a lot of women get ahead and advance their careers in the broadcast television industry.  They were discussing her salary. Ailes offered $400 a week. Harrison told him it was a lowball figure. Ailes made a counteroffer:  If you agree to have sex with me whenever I want, I will add an extra hundred dollars a week.' I guess we ll be in touch,  Harrison said, getting up to leave. Ailes maneuvered around his desk and gave her a hug.  I remember seeing all the windows in his office and wondering,  Does he do it here?  she later said.  I was in tears by the time I hit the street.' That comes from a book called The Loudest Voice in the Room, and Fox News claims the allegations in the book are false, as companies are wont to do when their CEOs turn out to be nothing more than sexist, disgusting pigs.That s not all, though. Ailes reportedly once called down to the control booth to yell that a laptop was blocking his view of one of his host s legs, and he wanted it moved so he could have a better view. A senior executive also said that Ailes once told him he wasn t paying another female host to wear pantsuits, and that he wanted to see more of her legs.He has a thing for women s legs, according to that executive.There are, of course, those who will say Carlson is either lying (why would she? She had one of the top-rated shows there so she wasn t fired for poor performance), or that she brought this on herself. The latter will be either those who think women encourage harassment and rape, or those who believe that, since she worked for Fox News and helped perpetuate rape culture, she somehow deserves this. They are idiotic sexists no matter where they fall on the political spectrum.The former will be mostly those who think women are vindictive bitches, and are just out to ruin men s lives. These are misogynists who think women have too much power these days and need to be cut down.At the time of this posting, Fox News had yet to issue a statement on the matter.Featured image by Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images",0
5582, Potential Trump VP Picks Running Away From Him In DROVES,"Donald Trump is having a very difficult time finding a vice presidential running mate, and it s not hard to see why. After all, the guy is political poison for anyone who wants a post-Trump political career. Two potential VP picks, Senator Joni Ernst (R-IA) and Senator Bob Corker (R-TN), have now withdrawn themselves from the short list of potential candidates for consideration for Trump s running mate.Of course, in her remarks, Ernst was in no way critical of Trump. She s clearly one of those party-before-country types who won t say a bad word against The Donald, but she also seems to want nothing to do with potentially being vice president under such a man. Ernst said: I made that very clear to him that I m focused on Iowa. I feel that I have a lot more to do in the United States Senate. And Iowa is where my heart is. I m just getting started here. I have a great partner with Chuck Grassley, we ve been able to accomplish a lot. And I think that President Trump will need some great assistance in the United States Senate and I can provide that. Like all good Republican toy soldiers lining up behind their bigoted standard-bearer, Ernst still wants there to be a President Trump, and says she will do what she can to make that happen. She said of the baffling decision to make sure the orange one is elected: I will probably participate more as an advocate. I would love to assist him out on the trail. Senator Corker was much less enthusiastic when announced his own withdrawal, only saying: There are people far more suited for being a candidate for vice president and I think I m far more suited for other types of things. There were no laudatory words about Trump, and nor was there any kind of promise to help Trump get elected. In other words, this guy is not going to be associated with Donald Trump in any way. And who can blame him? Trump s bigotry, praise of dictators, ignorance of the rule of law and any number of other repugnant things make him absolute political poison.Trump better stick to Christie and Gingrich. They re the only two who are dumb enough and/or have little enough to lose to attach themselves to a potential Trump administration.Featured image via Marc Piscotty/Getty Images",0
5583, America Shocked To Learn That Immigration Opponents Are Actually Racist Jerks (IMAGE),"Vox.com in conjunction with Morning Consult, a media and tech company, conducted a survey of voters and found what we ve all known for a very long time: Most of the people that bitch and moan about immigrants stealing American jobs don t give a damn about the economy. Rather, they care about Those People coming into  their  country because they think they re criminals and terrorists. And yes, this is an explicitly race-based attitude:Complementary to that analysis, Americans  views about immigration differ substantially according to where the immigrants are from; immigrants from Europe and Asia are viewed much more positively than immigrants from Africa and Latin America, and immigrants from the Middle East are viewed least positively of all. The poll also shows that this dynamic is heavily influenced by the specific views of white Americans   while black and Hispanic Americans evaluate the impact of European and Latin American immigrants similarly, for example, white Americans are much more enthusiastic about immigration from Europe than from Latin America.In other words, white people are racist assholes.And it s even more depressing that it sounds if you look at the break down of responses:Don t know/No opinion is 29% so that s a little ray of sunshine. But  Weakens the economy,  the only semi-legitimate complaint, is just 18%. That leaves over 50% of the remaining answers in the  Complete Bullshit  category. The totally made up complaints of  Hurts national security  and  Increases crime  are a combined 39%. And the most insulting of all is 14% for  Weakens American values. That last one is obnoxious on so many levels it s hard to know where to begin. Somewhere along the line, people forgot that the only  native  Americans are actual Native Americans. The rest of us come from all over the world and brought bits and pieces of our cultures and values with us. Socially and culturally, we re one of the most dynamic countries in the world. For good or for bad, our  American values  are incredibly fluid. The only way to  weaken  our values is to calcify them by resisting the very change that has defined us a people since the founding of our country.But this overt racism towards immigrants from nonwhite bad  parts of the world perfectly explains why Donald Trump s message of Mexicans being rapists and Muslims being terrorists resonates so strongly with white voters. No matter how much the right pretends that racism is dead in America, this poll and the rise of Donald Trump tells us that it s not only alive, it s thriving.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5584," With The Death Of Alton Sterling, Police Have Now Killed 114 Black Men So Far This Year","Outraged protesters have taken to the streets of Baton Rouge, Lousiana following the shooting death of Alton Sterling. Early Tuesday morning, the 37-year-old African-American man was gunned down by police officers while they had him pinned to the ground. Video taken by witnesses shows Sterling being held down while he pleads with officers. You can hear one of the officers yell,  You fucking move, I swear to God,  and then shots ring out.*Trigger warning*37-year-old #AltonSterling shot and killed by a Baton Rouge police officer. pic.twitter.com/xJRm500its  Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) July 6, 2016In that horrifying instant, Sterling became the 114th black man to die at the hands of law enforcement so far this year, according to a Washington Post investigation. It should also be noted that this number is just the deaths that we know of, the true number could be even higher still. With only 186 days having passed in 2016, this means that police officers in the United States are killing African-American men at a rate of almost one a day.Abdul Muflahi owns the Triple S Food Mart that Sterling was killed in front of and took the video of the killing, which has now gone viral. Although authorities have not confirmed whether or not the gun they spoke of in the video was recovered, Muflahi said that they did find one in his pocket. However, the witness insists that Sterling s hands never went anywhere near his pockets or the gun at any point during the struggle.Muflahi added that the responding officers  were really aggressive with him from the start. Mignon Chambers, Sterling s sister, said that her brother would often sell CD s in front of Muflahi s store.The police shooting of yet another black man has once again sparked protests, an all too familiar scenario in America. The Advocate s Bryn Stole was on the scene as the protests were taking place. He reported that protesters were chanting  Black Lives Matter  and called for Wednesday morning protests in front of Baton Rouge City Hall.Protestors now parking in street to block traffic, raising fiats & chanting  black lives matter  #AltonSterling pic.twitter.com/aGu463ZTN4  Bryn Stole (@BrynStole) July 6, 2016As some people leave, lots more come. A younger crowd now outside where #AltonSterling was shot about 24 hours ago pic.twitter.com/5lX34UW8Z2  Bryn Stole (@BrynStole) July 6, 2016Traffic moving again, as protestors in street yell at drivers to come down to Baton Rouge city hall at 8am tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/mP8JapS0jE  Bryn Stole (@BrynStole) July 6, 2016Featured image via Twitter",0
5585, MI Republican Gov Rick Snyder Now Trying To Steal $550 Million Dollars From Teachers,"Michigan s Republican governor, Rick Snyder hasn t quite satisfied his penchant for evil doing. Snyder, who is globally infamous for overseeing the poisoning of the city of Flint, Michigan, is now trying to re-steal more than half a billion dollars from Michigan s teachers.In 2010, a law was passed that forced school employees to contribute 3 percent of their pay to their healthcare retirement benefits. The law was ruled as unconstitutional by the Court of Appeals on June 7. That means that the already collected $550 million dollars that are currently held in escrow must be returned to the school employees that it was originally stolen from. Governor Snyder s decision to drag this case out, even though the Attorney General will not assist in the appeal, is a shameful use of the people s time and money. School employees deserve to have their hard-earned money returned to them as soon as possible, but instead they will have to wait as Governor Snyder spends more time defending what is clearly an unconstitutional law,  said David Hecker, president of American Federation of Teachers Michigan.That ruling doesn t fit into Snyder s master plan. He is now suing to appeal the court s decision. The suit is so frivolous and politically toxic that even the governor s Republican comrade, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schutte isn t willing to touch it with a ten-foot pole. Schuette has announced that he will not represent the Snyder administration. After reviewing the appellate decision in American Federation of Teachers V. State of Michigan   the Attorney General is declining to provide counsel if the Governor wishes to appeal the ruling,  said Schuette spokeswoman Andrea Bitely.Bitley also said that  In this case, we ve not only reviewed the ruling, but we ve also spoken with many teachers and heard from many teachers across Michigan, and it just didn t make sense to continue the appeals process through our office at this point. Snyder insists that he is trying to protect  the stability of the system,  according to a statement from Snyder s press secretary, Anna Heaton.The Snyder administration has proven once again how badly government functions when it is controlled by Republicans. Snyder s political career is virtually over. That means he is free to fight for the causes he truly believes in without worrying about his name becoming more tarnished than it already is. Apparently, those causes include stealing from teachers and school employees paychecks.Featured image from Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5586," Trump Fan Calls For Lynching Hillary, Screams ‘Hang That B*tch’ At NC Rally","As a shock to no one ever, the rally in Raleigh, North Carolina on Tuesday night for presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump was completely bonkers as he stood at the podium in the red state. First, Trump praised a barbaric dictator. The GOP front-runner and former reality show star praised Saddam Hussein for his ability to murder who he perceived to be terrorists without  reading them their rights. Trump supporters applauded the hotel magnate after he made that jaw-dropping statement. That said, it s not too shocking that an audience member shouted that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should be hanged. That s a rather extreme call for violence considering she hasn t been convicted of anything.Niels Lesniewski of Roll Call tweeted,  I can confirm that someone shouted  Hang that bitch!  at the Trump rally, in reference to Hillary Clinton. I can confirm that someone shouted ""Hang that bitch!"" at the Trump rally, in reference to Hillary Clinton.  Niels Lesniewski (@nielslesniewski) July 5, 2016Holly Bailey of Yahoo News was at the Trump event, too. Hang that bitch!  someone in the Trump crowd yells as Stephen Miller speaks about Clinton ""putting America in danger  re emails  Holly Bailey (@hollybdc) July 5, 2016Ali Vitali of NBC News heard the Trump supporter call for Clinton to be hanged again, because a call for murder the first time wasn t enough.While Trump talks about Clinton, once again crowd goer calls out ""hang that bitch!""  Ali Vitali (@alivitali) July 5, 2016Another Trump fan screamed at reporters who were covering the rally because yelling in someone s face is always so effective. Dishonest media, tell the truth!  a guy keeps screaming at assembled media here to cover Trump in Raleigh  Holly Bailey (@hollybdc) July 5, 2016Just back from his trip to Scotland, which was more of an Infomercial to promote his golf courses, Trump demonized President Barack Obama for playing golf. Golf, golf, golf golf,  Trump says of Obama s holiday vaca to Hawaii.  Chip chip chip chip""  Holly Bailey (@hollybdc) July 5, 2016In the same breath, Donald bragged that he knows more about golf than Bill Clinton. I know more about golf than he does,  Trump says of Bill Clinton. He says there s no way WJC could have talked about golf that long  Holly Bailey (@hollybdc) July 6, 2016We await the bombastic billionaire s praise of Pol Pot, too. After all, he once praised the Chinese government for the Tiananmen Square massacre in which hundreds of pro-democracy protesters were slaughtered by the military which included 10,000 troops accompanied by tanks. Trump has an ongoing bromance with Vladimir Putin and he s praised North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Still yet, Trump supporters love him.This is the GOP presumptive presidential nominee and his supporters on display for the whole world to see. Please clap.Photo by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images.",0
5587, Gretchen Carlson Fired From Fox News For Refusing To Sleep With Sleazeball Roger Ailes: Lawsuit,"The offices at Fox News are in what amounts to civil war after longtime host Gretchen Carlson was abruptly and without reason fired   despite her having one of the top-rated shows on the network. Adding to the chaos, she then announced she would be filing a sexual harassment lawsuit against CEO Roger Ailes for what she claimed were demands that she sleep with him or lose her job.In a statement released to the press, Carlson s lawyer detailed the shocking allegations leveled at 76-year-old Ailes:Ms. Carlson, the former co-host of  Fox & Friends,  was terminated on June 23   the very day her latest contract expired, even though her current program,  The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson,  was the leading cable news show in its afternoon time slot.Her complaint alleges that the firing was the ultimate retaliation against her after she rebuffed Mr. Ailes  sexual advances and also tried to challenge what she felt was unequal treatment of her in the newsroom by some of her male colleagues.The statement also included an alleged exchange between Ailes and Gretchen that is said to have taken place last fall when she tried to complain about workplace discrimination. I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago and then you d be good and better and I d be good and better. Sometimes problems are easier to solve  that way.Other details are even more appalling.On Twitter Carlson wrote a brief note to fans, but did not mention the lawsuit directly.As you may have heard, I'm no longer with @FoxNews. I value your support and friendship so please stay in touch: https://t.co/R7JBTsvYSh  Gretchen Carlson (@GretchenCarlson) July 6, 2016Fox News, of course, is known for rampant levels of misogyny both in front of and behind the camera. According to his own kids, Bill O Reilly, the network s figurehead, is a domestic abuser with an awful temper who has himself been the subject of sexual harassment lawsuits. The network aggressively promotes blonde women and is known to focus an inordinate amount of time on their bare legs. That directive comes directly from Ailes, who once reportedly called down to the control both absolutely furious that an errant laptop was blocking the shot of one of his hosts  legs while she was reading the news. Move that damn laptop, I can t see her legs! And once told former host Catherine Crier: Be more opinionated,  he told Crier in one meeting.  The guests are there as a foil for you.  He also disagreed with her dress.  He had admiration for her legs,  a senior executive said. In one meeting, Ailes barked,  Tell Catherine I did not spend x-number of dollars on a glass desk for her to wear pant suits. Carlson s description of Ailes as a mega sleazeball also jives with what other women have reported having experienced in meetings with the CEO.Shelley Ross, a former newspaper reporter turned television producer, experienced an interview in which Ailes posed romantically suggestive questions and made flirtatious comments about her appearance.  This is making me uncomfortable,  Ross recalled telling Ailes. She had worked with [John] Huddy at The Miami Herald and he had recommended her for the Tomorrow job. In a follow-up telephone interview, she told Ailes that she would never date a boss. Ailes s reaction was, according to Ross,  Don t you know I m single? It is unclear how Ailes will respond to this latest allegation. Clearly, he s had decades worth of practice in making women feel harassed and uncomfortable. Maybe it s time karma came knocking.Featured image via Alex Wong/Newsmakers/Getty and Fox News",0
5588, WATCH: Video Shows Baton Rouge Cops Repeatedly Shooting A Black Man Point Blank In The Chest,"Shortly after midnight Tuesday morning, 37-year-old Alton Sterling was standing outside a Triple S Food Mart in Baton Rouge selling music CDs when the police responded to a call that he had threatened someone with a gun. The police have yet to say if a gun was found at the scene (although a witness claims the police removed one from his pocket) but we do have a video showing the police throwing Sterling to the ground, pinning him and then shooting him several times while yelling about a gun that is never seen in the video. The entire scene was caught on camera by some bystanders and the community is furious at what appears to be yet another black man unnecessarily killed by white cops.Warning. This video contains graphic violence:While the police were  forced  to tackle Sterling, once they wrestled him to the ground, he puts up little struggle. Considering how big he is (he appears to be about at least 6 feet tall and well over 200 pounds), if he was resisting, one would expect a lot more movement. And when the cops pull their guns on him, it s not all clear that Sterling was in any position to shoot them.Amazingly, the officers involved were given time to get their stories straight:In a statement, Baton Rouge Police Cpl. L Jean McKneely Jr. said two officers  have been placed on administrative leave per standard procedure,  though it is believed that only one officer fired shots.The officers have not been named. Our guys will most likely review the video tomorrow,  McKneely told The Washington Post in an email Tuesday night. We give officers normally a day or so to go home and think about it  before being interviewed, McKneely told the Advocate.It s good to be a cop in America.The police are almost certain to claim that Sterling was  reaching  for a gun but an eyewitness is already disputing this. Abdullah Muflahi, the owner of the Triple S, said the police clearly had a chip on their shoulder when they confronted Sterling and there was no reason to pull their guns and shoot him:Muflahi told the Advocate, His hand was nowhere [near] his pocket,  and that Sterling was not holding a weapon.Then, Muflahi said that the officer who fired the shots began cursing and that both seemed to be  freaking out. Finally, the store owner said he heard one of the officers say,  Just leave him. Muflahi said he saw police retrieve a gun from Sterling s pocket after the shooting. Just leave him.  There s that compassion and humanity for minorities that American law enforcement is known for.Unfortunately, Sterling had a criminal record that included  aggravated battery, domestic abuse, possessing marijuana with the intent to distribute and illegally carrying a weapon with a controlled dangerous substance  so there is literally no chance the cops involved will face any kind of justice even if the security tape from the store shows Sterling s hand nowhere near his pocket at any time.Featured image via twitter",0
5589," Trump Fan Puts Disgusting, Racist Float Of Obama In 4th Of July Parade (IMAGES)","Don Christy, who claims he s neither a Republican nor a Democrat, but rather, a  patriot  in the most vile sense of the word, had a float in the town of Sheridan, Indiana s 4th of July parade. It wasn t all stars and stripes, though. No, he decided to go way too far with it, and constructed a likeness of President Obama in a toilet, with the words  Lying African  on it.While sane and reasonable people are questioning the town for even allowing that float, Christy is busy waving his flag and claiming that he tries to do something outrageous every year for that parade, because that makes it totally okay. Last year, he made fun of marriage equality by  dressing gay  and  marrying a guy  in the parade. This year, he did that horribly disrespectful and bigoted display as a statement against what he sees as rampant dishonesty in the White House, along with political correctness: It s time to start changing our country back a little bit. Christy is 73 years old, so he remembers well what life was like before African-Americans could even dream of seeing a black man elected President. That was a great time for white people   no minorities, with their irrelevant, irrational  feelings  were ruining the country for white people with their political correctness.Take a look at the float in all its hateful glory:So.. today in Sheridan Indiana.. somehow this  float  was approved for their parade .. yea wtf Sheridan. Classy. pic.twitter.com/9NEOlMFLIs  ashley s mething (@ashleys_mething) July 4, 2016And from another angle: Man drives  Lying African  Obama float in Fourth of July parade: SHERIDAN, Ind.   Sheridan, Indiana is a small  https://t.co/OJE6zirL9E  Ogden Daily News (@ogdendailynews) July 5, 2016Christy thinks portraying Obama in one of the most racist and disrespectful lights imaginable is just fun and games, but others aren t laughing at all. Another Sheridan resident, Rebekah Sanders, said: Too many people die fighting for our freedom. I don t think that display is the type of freedom they are out there fighting for. She added: I do not want my child to think that racism is OK. Unfortunately, Christy doesn t care about that kind of thing. He s a Trumper, so he probably wants children to grow up in the supremely white environment he grew up in. He s on King Donald s bandwagon regarding political correctness, and totally missing the point that people always found racism offensive and saw it everywhere. The only difference is that now they re speaking up about it because they can.Not to worry, though. Christy issued a totally insincere and backhanded apology for this travesty of a float: I apologize to anyone I offended, which would be a total liberal. Here s hoping the Sheridan Lions Club bans this small, disgusting excuse of a human being from all future parades.Featured image via embedded tweets",0
5590," Racists Try To Fire Actor For Saying Black Lives Matter, Most Powerful Woman In TV Shuts ‘Em Down","Racists and conservatives were very angry that Grey s Anatomy actor Jesse Williams called out racial inequality after receiving a humanitarian award at the recent BET Awards ceremony. In his speech, Williams explained who the award was really for: Now, this award, this is not for me,  he said. This is for the real organizers all over the country, activist civil rights attorneys, the parents, the teachers, the students who are realizing that a system built to divide and impoverish and destroy us cannot stand if we do. All right?  he explained.  It s kind of basic mathematics, the more we learn about who we are and how we got here, the more we will mobilize. Despite its peaceful yearning for racial understanding, for some reason conservatives and racists were set off by the speech. An online petition was launched, asking that Williams be fired from his position on the TV show, and said he  spewed a racist, hate speech against law enforcement and white people at the BET awards.  The petition creator, Erin Smith, compared the speech to racist outbursts from TV personality Paula Deen and a homophobic rant from actor Isaiah Washington.But Shonda Rhimes, the creator and producer of Grey s Anatomy, who has been called the most powerful woman in television, did not bow to the online mob.The ShondaLand producer fired back Monday night at a 7,000 signature-strong Change.org petition calling for ABC to ax Williams   who plays hunky Dr. Jackson Avery on the doctor drama   in light of his much-praised speech inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement. Um, people? Boo don t need a petition. #shondalandrules,  Rhimes tweeted.Rhimes has used her programs to advocate for racial and gender equality, and her programs have been a ratings bonanza for ABC. She currently has four programs on the air; in addition to Grey s they are Scandal, How to Get Away with Murder, and The Catch. She also previously produced Private Practice.Conservatives freaked out previously over an episode of Scandal that showed Kerry Washington s lead character getting an abortion, which has often been a taboo on broadcast prime time TV.Featured image via Flickr",0
5591, Sarah Palin Loses Her Sh*t And Rage Whines After Hillary Is Not Charged By The FBI,"After the FBI declined to charge Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing in the email  scandal  conservatives have been frothing at the mouth about for years now, Sarah Palin threw an even bigger temper tantrum than Donald Trump did.In a long rant on her Facebook page, Palin literally called upon conservatives to  tear down this tyrannical system  because Hillary Clinton was not charged with committing any of the crimes conservatives imagined she committed. It s a farce that  no one is above the law  and my heart goes out to all who ve been unjustly accused and destroyed over much lesser crimes than Hillary s,  Palin wrote.  We MUST redouble efforts to restore the rule of law that had sustained the most exceptional nation on earth, with everyone doing their part After telling conservatives to brainwash their kids and annoy anyone who will listen about how Hillary somehow orchestrated the FBI s decision, Palin whined about all the  scandals  President Obama and Hillary Clinton have gotten away with and accused Congress of being complicit.Letting Hillary skate today is no surprise when the team she s on has celebrated its administrators pleading the fifth, over and over again, sending messages to America that they re all above the law. From the IRS s Lois Lerner to Hillary herself testifying in front of Congress, they ve all told Congress to kiss off, and Congress kissed off.Today s FBI forgiveness of tyrants  illegal acts illustrate purpose in why I insist Americans rise up and tear down this tyrannical system that is destroying America from within. Truly, you re either with us or you re against us.Palin concluded her rant with a message to Republicans who refuse to blindly support Donald Trump by referring to them as  traitors. Message to all the  Republican  elites throwing in for Hillary, boasting they ll stay home instead of vote because their particular weakened good ol  boy is not the GOP nominee (the R.A.T.s suffering chappedass because their power and purse are threatened by the grassroots movement to destroy their failed politics-as-usual), Hillary thanks you. She knows she can t win without you.And then she included a bunch of anti-Hillary memes that repeatedly refer to Clinton as a criminal or a crook as well as images that bring up other imaginary  scandals  Republicans wasted time and money investigating only to find zero evidence to support their claims.Here s the full post via Facebook.It must be truly exhausting using the few brain cells she has left whining all the time just because she and her conservative trailer park fans didn t get their way.But that s why she s known as America s village idiot.Featured image via Flickr",0
5592, WATCH: Trump Caught On Video Praising One Of The Worst Dictators Of All Time,"Donald Trump held a campaign rally in Raleigh, North Carolina on Tuesday night and once again his habit of simply saying what s on his mind led him to step in it. He decided that, while discussing terrorism, to praise a man once called  the Butcher of Baghdad,  Saddam Hussein.Sweet Moses  pic.twitter.com/fL1u9R6VXm  Jim Weber (@JimMWeber) July 6, 2016While conceding that Hussein was  a bad guy,  Trump praised him for killing terrorists, a job he did  well. Apparently citing a Middle Eastern dictator as his model for combating international terrorism, Trump went on to praise Iraq under Hussein s iron fisted rule as a nation that didn t bother with reading rights to accused suspects.Moving forward to the current time, Trump said that Iraq in 2016 was  like Harvard  for terrorists. Like many of his other speeches outside of those delivered with a teleprompter, it didn t make much sense.When Saddam Hussein was captured by the U.S. after the invasion of Iraq, he was put on trial and accused of the murder of 148 people, torture of women and children, and with illegally arresting at least 399 people. He was found guilty of crimes against humanity, and was sentenced to death and hanged.Trump has consistently made a mess of speaking about terrorism, arguing for waterboarding (which military experts say is a useless tool for extracting information and is considered torture under the Geneva Conventions) and for engaging in the barbaric practice of murdering the families of terrorists, even if they had nothing to do with terrorist acts.The Republican nominee has also played fast and loose with the facts on terrorism, blaming the Orlando attack on Syrian refugees when the shooter was a natural-born American citizen. Trump has also been at the head of the line on the right that has blamed all terrorism on Muslims, and called for a ban on Muslim travel to the United States and a system to track Muslims within the United States.Trump s supporters have cheered on his advocacy of big brother, fascist policies, with some going so far as to refer to Trump as  daddy,  for the paternalistic world view he has offered many of them who are skeptical of a black President.In reality, President Obama has had more senior leadership within terror networks like al Qaeda and ISIS targeted and killed during his tenure than his predecessor. In Obama s time as commander-in-chief, American forces killed Osama bin Laden and Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Muhammad Mansour.Featured image via Twitter",0
5593, Hilarious Twitter Thread Imagines Donald Trump As A Founding Father,"Donald Trump will likely go down in history (hopefully way down) as the presidential candidate who embraced Twitter as his main campaign tool. While other candidates simply tweet, Trump uses the social media platform as his main source of messaging and branding.Of course, that often gets the candidate in hot water, especially with his habit of retweeting things from white supremacists, but because we know Trump spends so much time on Twitter, it s the perfect format for trolling the presumed GOP presidential nominee, and that s exactly what Twitter users have been doing for the last several days, under the hashtag, #1776Trump, which imagines Trump as a Founding Father (shudder). It s also completely hilarious! Jefferson wrote a stupid Declaration, they should have asked me I have a great brain. I would have started with renegotiating. #1776Trump  Yankeesfan66 (@Rangersfan66) July 6, 2016 No taxation without representation is for losers folks. I just don t pay. Hey, that s the system. What can I do? #1776Trump  Lucille (@Delilah399) July 6, 2016 Total loon Paul Revere raving in the streets about British troops. Get a grip, Paul!  #1776Trump  Josh Windham  (@JoshWindham1) July 6, 2016 There s something going on with King George. Something very, very bad. I mean terrible, folks. We re gonna look into this. #1776Trump  (((tiffany))) (@tiffanyclay) July 6, 2016Where s my indian? There he is! Isn t he great? I m going to do very well with the savage community. #1776Trump  Steve (@sat_m0) July 6, 2016 #1776Trump Perhaps if she wasn t my slave, I d be dating her.  aubrey troop (@aubreyyeliza) July 6, 2016Something makes me think that wouldn t stop Trump. I know slaves; I have the best slaves. They re unbelievable. #1776Trump  Craig Rozniecki (@CraigRozniecki) July 6, 2016 I have the greatest white wig. And it s completely real. Believe me. A lot of people have telegrammed me about it. #1776Trump  Noah Finneburgh (@NoahFinneburgh) July 6, 2016Declaration of Independence was very boring. Should have been written in gold sharpie. Would be classy. Only I could do right. #1776Trump  Noah Finneburgh (@NoahFinneburgh) July 6, 2016  King George won t even say the words Radical Colonist! SAD! We need to hit them hard, fast, and take their tobacco.  #1776Trump  Caleb Synan (@CalebSynan) July 6, 2016#1776Trump We need a total and complete shutdown of Catholics coming into the country.  Alex Rios (@alexrioscomedy) July 6, 2016  They re bringing drugs, they re bringing money, they re rapists. And some slaves, I assume, are really good people.  #1776Trump  (((Discord))) (@DlSCORD) July 6, 2016John Adams is a very short man who came in second. He should be careful what he says about me. Disgraceful. #1776Trump  Noah Finneburgh (@NoahFinneburgh) July 6, 2016 I was at the Boston Tea Party. No broads there. Believe me, it was a disaster. Hardly anyone interesting showed up. #1776Trump  Sharon Houston (@sharon_houston) July 6, 2016One of the reasons this hashtag is going completely nuts is that it is difficult to imagine Trump during the days of the founders, or for that matter, during any other time in history. Trump is a candidate made from TV and promoted by social media. His limited vocabulary is a plus when he has to post in 140 characters or less. His grandiosity and shameless self-promotions are almost expected. We ve seen racist and nationalistic presidential candidates before. We ve seen rich ones too, but we ve never seen one like Donald Trump and hopefully, we ll never see one again.Featured image via Marc Piscotty at Getty Images",0
5594, Fox News Editor Has His Own Really Creepy Suggestion For Trump’s VP (VIDEO),"With all the talk of Trump working on his list of potential VP picks, it s only natural that absolutely everyone under the sun would have an opinion or two about it. However, Fox News editor Chris Stirewalt s opinion should never have been uttered. He wants the King of Dunces to choose his own daughter, Ivanka, for VP.Why? Well, Stirewalt no doubt thinks this is a good enough reason: My favorite pick   my absolutely favorite pick, I think   is his daughter Ivanka. I think that is the best choice that he could make,  he said.  Everybody likes her! Has anybody ever said that they didn t like her? Everybody likes her  I think he would be smart to pick his own daughter  When it s a crazy election year, when weird stuff is happening, you gotta embrace the weird. Yeah, that would be weird all right. Way too weird. This is a man who is potentially a pedophile, and who has openly discussed screwing Ivanka multiple times. Recommending that he  embrace the weird  takes on a whole different and creepy vibe when put together with how disgusting His Royal Womanizer is.Watch Stirewalt turn horribly gross below:Of course, Charles Payne agreed that Ivanka would be a fantastic choice. She d definitely be one of the only women in His Royal Incestness  inner circle, making the choice even more sickening. That an editor would actually suggest this shows how low Fox News is sinking to tout Donald Trump.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5595," WATCH: Reince Priebus Lies Through His Teeth About Trump’s Star Tweet, And It’s Pitiful","Republicans clearly just have absolutely no shame anymore. It s already been discovered that the image tweeted out by Donald Trump featuring Hillary Clinton next to a Star of David on top of a pile of money was originally created by white supremacists, but that s not stopping Trump, nor RNC chair Reince Priebus from lying through their teeth.Appearing on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Priebus is parroting Trump s effort of claiming that the star was just a random star pulled out of Microsoft Paint by their campaign staff when creating the image. That it s some sort of  sheriff s star  even though it doesn t have the globes on the points, and looks exactly like the Star of David.Priebus seems to completely ignore the fact that it s been revealed the original image came from white supremacists, and instead touts the line after claiming the star came from Microsoft: They figured it out, and they fixed it. Which they did, they turned the star into a circle, but it doesn t negate the fact that the original image is from racists, and both Priebus and Trump are lying to cover their own asses.Republicans need to learn to own their mistakes and apologize. It s really that simple. Lying to cover things up just makes them look even worse.Watch Priebus lies through his teeth here:RNC chair on Trump s star tweet:  They figured it out, and they fixed it  https://t.co/nyY5wUhZ5M https://t.co/Dvl0QOo52m  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) July 5, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5596, GOP Candidate Loves Trump Because He ‘Puts Self-Righteous F*ggots In Their Place’,"Donald Trump is the Twitter candidate, so it shouldn t be a surprise that one of his supporters got himself into hot water with a recent tweet. That supporter is a candidate for Massachusetts state Senate and in it, he praised Trump for  putting self-righteous faggots in their place. Ted Busiek, who wants to eliminate affordable housing, same-sex adoptions and daylight savings time, denied that this tweet was hateful:DONALD TRUMP. Putting self-righteous faggots in their place since 1993. How I love this fellow.#MAGA https://t.co/wqCxfa4pI2  Ted Busiek (@TedBusiek) July 2, 2016Instead, he insisted, it was a reference to the way Trump, in 1993, insulted Native Americans: If you look at some of the reservations that you ve approved . . . they don t look like Indians to me. And they don t look like Indians to Indians. And a lot of people are laughing at it,  Trump said in the remarks dated 1993, apparently shocking the congressman questioning him, who likened the remarks to historical racism. Trump said,  Only Indians can have the gaming . . . Why are you being discriminatory? Why is it that the Indians don t pay tax, but everybody else does. I do. Busiek told the News Service he didn t intend the term in a  hateful sense  or to imply that the congressman was gay, using the word instead to mean the congressman was  obnoxious  and was  kind of being a jerk. Source: Mass LiveGot it, so it was the  nice  use of the word  faggot.  Of course, Busiek s history might indicate otherwise. I already mentioned that he s against same-sex adoptions, and of course, he s against same-sex marriage. He, like many Trump supporters, is also concerned about losing his rank as a white man on the (excuse the pun) totem pole.Claiming a  cultural rift  exists between State House politicians and a sizable section of the Bay State s population, Busiek told the News Service he spoke for  anybody who works for a living,  and those who find themselves  under attack  for their  oppressor status  as white, male and successful. I think there s a great amount of jealousy involved,  Busiek said of so-called  social justice warriors,  who attack real and perceived racial and gender sleights.Asked if he was a social justice warrior for successful white men, Busiek said,  That s a good way to sort of turn it on its head. Maybe I m engaging in identity politics, too,  Busiek said, though he said he disagrees with that point of view because, he said, identity politics is contingent on being  born into a victim class. If Busiek s tweet proves anything, it s that Trump is merely a mirror reflecting the bigotry of his supporters. Trump is a truly horrible human being, who insults women and basically every minority, but he says very little about LGBT people. If anything, he s been historically supportive. Of course, that s not to say Trump won t tweet something ugly about gay people today. After all, he s all about pleasing his supporters.Featured image via Ted Busiek s Facebook page.",0
5597, Hillary Used Campaign Event With Obama To PERFECTLY Roast Trump’s Birther Past (VIDEO),"While appearing for the first time on the campaign trail with Hillary Clinton in North Carolina, President Obama stood by her side and brought down the house with a resounding endorsement of the presumptive Democratic nominee for president. However, before he spoke, Clinton took to the podium first and delivered yet another speech that showed us that she is more than ready to be the next President of the United States.There was a moment during Clinton s speech, however, that was absolutely pure comedy gold, and a brilliant jab at the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump.You may recall, and if you don t, you should, Trump was one of the lead birthers who made the ridiculous claim President Obama wasn t born in the United States.So, while speaking about the president on stage today, Clinton told everyone that she s  honored to stay with  President Obama, and knows that he s a person  who has never forgotten where he came from.  She then looks directly into the camera and says: And Donald, if you re out there tweeting, it s Hawaii. Haaa! Mic drop. Amazing, simply amazing.However, it can t be lost on us that she made a very real point of reminding us all that Trump once demanded to see the president s birth certificate, so clearly him being racist is not anything new.Watch the hilarious jab from Hillary here:Clinton: Obama  has never forgotten where he came from, and Donald, if you re out there tweeting, it s Hawaii  https://t.co/QBdR5mBnle  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) July 5, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5598, WATCH: Obama Takes A PERFECT Shot At Trump’s Never Ending Tweeting,"President Obama appeared at a campaign rally alongside Hillary Clinton, and just couldn t resist getting in a dig or two about our wannabe Tweeter-in-Chief (because really, he makes it so easy). He said that generally, people don t understand the job that is being President of the United States, and then went into expert-marksman mode to hit Trump for his tweeting and lack of experience: Everybody can tweet, but nobody actually knows what it takes to do the job until you sit behind the desk. I mean, Sasha tweets, but she doesn t think that she s thereby should be sitting behind the desk. The implication is that his daughter, Sasha, is smarter than King Dunce because she knows tweeting is just tweeting. King Dunce uses Twitter as a weapon, talking himself up and tearing down anybody he doesn t like with childish namecalling, complete ignorance, and outright lies. What his tweeting does is actually show him for the fraud he is.Watch him hit Drumpf below, via ABC News:.@POTUS takes shot at Donald Trump at Clinton rally:  Everybody can tweet  https://t.co/i2lNlfUQnT https://t.co/Lr5grwuuQz  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 5, 2016Obama also talked up Hillary s qualifications in that speech, explaining how he s come a very long way in how he sees her since the 2008 election cycle, when they were opponents. She, likewise, praised Obama, saying she d been privileged to see him in so many different roles. Then she took her own shot at the Dunce-in-Chief s birtherism and tweeting, saying: And Donald, if you are out there tweeting, it is Hawaii. The snark is strong in these two. Tweetle-Drumpf hasn t tweeted a response to this yet, but if he does, it will lack the sharp edge of experience and intelligence that Obama and Hillary display, even in their snarkiness.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5599, RNC Chief Strategist Has A FULL MELTDOWN On CNN After Hearing FBI Won’t Indict Hillary (VIDEO),"The GOP has been impatiently waiting for the moment that presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would be indicted over the issue of her emails, and today they finally got their little hearts broken.Earlier on Tuesday, FBI Director James Comey made the announcement that no conservative wanted to hear   that after a lengthy investigation into Clinton s controversial government emails, the FBI would not be recommending that the former Secretary of State be charged with a crime. This makes it truly a sad day for the GOP, and you can tell how bitter they are just by the interviews they re giving.After the FBI made that announcement, Republican Nation Committee (RNC) chief strategist Sean Spicer was in an embarrassing amount of denial when he went on CNN and insisted that the FBI had issued a  clear indictment  of Clinton s judgement, despite the fact that it didn t recommend a formal indictment at all. Spicer got so worked up over the fact the Clinton wouldn t be charged that he completely lost it, and threw a bit of a temper tantrum over the investigation s results. Spicer said: These findings of the FBI are a clear indictment on Hillary Clinton s judgement and fitness to be president. The office that she s seeking requires the highest level of judgement, making sure that our nation s secrets are protected. CNN host Kate Bolduan reminded Spicer that the FBI had said that  no reasonable prosecutor  would even think about bringing charges against Clinton.Not fully understanding the irony that his party s candidate is the most unfit presidential candidate of our time, Spicer snapped back, This is someone who wants to be president, Kate! Bolduan then cornered Spicer and asked him if he trusted the FBI to conduct a fair investigation, and the RNC strategist had to admit that he did. Spicer confessed: Well, it sounds like it. The findings that they made are very clear that she did exhibit poor judgement, that it was reckless by their account. And it is not their job to decide whether it is formally prosecuted. John Berman jumped in to point out that Trump had also disagreed with the FBI s assessment, calling it  very very unfair.  Spicer decided to defend Trump and accuse Clinton of rigging the system. I m not a lawyer. If she had followed the law and used a State Department account or even used a private system like the director pointed out like Gmail then this wouldn t be a problem. She chose to set up a system for herself around the rules that were established for everybody else for a reason. And that reason is she didn t want people to know what she was doing.Any other employee that works at the State Department that did what she did would have their security clearance pulled and would be facing charges. This is absolutely ridiculous. Bolduan took another opportunity to make a complete idiot out of Spicer, when she followed up with this question: Donald Trump in his tweet called this  very very unfair.  Do you think the investigation was unfair or do you agree with your candidate who thinks it was  very very unfair? All Spicer could do was reluctantly say that the investigation was fair, but that he still agreed with Trump that Clinton should be prosecuted. He lamented: The system clearly looks like when the FBI turned it over, the Department of Justice has already seemed to make it very clear what they re going to do with this. You can watch Spicer get all worked up in the interview below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5600, House GOP To Waste MORE Time And Money With Silly Investigation Into House Democrats,"When House Democrats staged a 26-hour sit-in to protest the House s refusal to take up anything having to do with gun legislation, most people probably didn t expect the GOP to throw a tantrum, and then take their balls and go home. However, after the humiliation of the latest fruitless Benghazi panel, you d think that they d be a little more skittish about launching more investigations that are politically motivated. You d be wrong. They re about to do it again.House GOP leaders are looking at launching a frivolous investigation, this time into the House Democrats who were involved in last month s sit-in, to determine whether they should be punished for it. Republicans just can t get past the idea that something is only American, is only patriotic, if they agree with it. Very little is more patriotic than civil disobedience, and that s what the sit-in was.Republicans weren t so quick to jump to investigating Ted Cruz when he and a small cadre of Senate members shut down the entire government for 16 days because of Obamacare, or that Tea Partiers have disrupted other business in both the House and the Senate. They and their minions will say that s because Cruz & Co., and every other Republican, didn t break any rules, and House Democrats did.But at least the Democrats didn t bring the entire government to a standstill. It s only when Democrats disrupt Congress that it s a problem.House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy even said: Members of Congress (need) to adhere to the rules and the decorum of what is expected of being on the floor. What an odd interest in adhering to the rules all of a sudden. This is the GOP that s been having all sorts of fun passing closed rules to block amendments. In fact, they broke the record for the most closed rules in Congress. While the party in power can change the rules and make rules all they want (or, at least, that s how that power seems to be used), the House GOP has never shown any interest in actually doing things the right way.McCarthy believes that this isn t what democracy should look like, and claimed he d never seen such blatant flouting of the rules. Oh, please. What absolute bullshit.Nevertheless, they re looking into whether Democrats intimidated the floor staff to break decorum rules so they could engage in a purely political stunt, the purpose of which was to  line their coffers with campaign cash.  Those are ridiculous allegations on their face. Like Hillary Clinton can t possibly be innocent in Benghazi, House Democrats can t possibly have actually done this to try and spur movement on gun legislation.Because that would make the GOP look worse than they already do.Because they can t have this black mark on their record in an election year.Because admitting a mistake and making good-faith efforts to fix it and move forward just aren t the GOP s style.Because the GOP is more about political stunts these days than actually working for the people.That s what Benghazi is for them   a political stunt intended to try and polish an image that s so badly tarnished it s permanently black.Democrats, and the public in general, are sick to death of Congress refusing to do anything anything at all about gun violence in this country. They don t even want to fund research into gun violence as a public health issue because they believe all such research will be politically biased against guns and gun owners. The GOP is too far up the NRA s ass now to be saved.It s a shame Republicans can t see past their own haughty, disgustingly dark brown noses with the NRA brands on them. They might actually have a chance to remain politically relevant if they d stop with the stunts, plus they d actually be working for the people! Imagine that!Featured image by T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images",0
5601, One Woman Is Trying (And Failing) To Combine Feminism And Anti-Abortion Activism,"Meet Abby Johnson. Abby Johnson is a pro-life feminist and she has the most thankless job in the world: She s trying to move the anti-abortion movement away from rabid, regressive Christianity and closer to thoughtful, life-affirming feminism. And she s failing. Miserably.Johnson is one of those rare creatures; a pro-lifer that actually cares more about life than control. In other words, where most pro-lifers couldn t care less about the baby they re supposedly  Saving  AFTER it s born, Johnson is fighting to make abortion unnecessary in the first place. As her fellow spitter-in-the-wind, Serrin Foster, the leader of Feminists For Life, says,  There are three key reasons for the feminization of poverty: Lack of education, lack of workplace accommodation and paternal support. Do that, three-fourths of the reasons that women have an abortion are over. And she s not wrong. But that s why the effort to emphasize the  life  in  pro-life  is doomed to failure. Talk to most any conservative anti-abortion person and ask them if they support comprehensive sex education, free contraceptives, pre-natal care, post-natal care, food, clothes and housing for the women and babies they re so  worried  about. The overwhelming majority of them will absolutely refuse. For them, pregnancy is simple a means to an end: Punishing women for having sex.They spend a lot of time crying crocodile tears for the  innocent lives  being lost but have zero interest in preventing unwanted pregnancies or getting women the support they need to care for a baby they can t afford. It s about control and punishment. And is always has been. A fact that Johnson and her fellow feminists are finding out the hard way:While issues such as expanding family leave requirements and access to child care could be an area of consensus for self-identified pro-life and pro-choice feminists   whatever their reasons for supporting them   there seemed to be little enthusiasm at the conference for working with pro-choicers on these causes.When Johnson asked who  the abortion movement  was united behind, an audience member yelled out,  the devil!  (The answer was Planned Parenthood.) The Devil.  Clearly, these are rational people who can think clearly about the best way to prevent abortions. And when Johnson discussed Hillary Clinton, a woman that has spent decades fighting for women s rights? That didn t go so well with the crowd of  concerned  women Johnson was speaking to:While Clinton has the clearly better record on policies supporting mothers   policies that speakers like Foster and Jacobson said help dissuade women from choosing abortion   the only positive references to presidential candidates at the event were allusions to Donald Trump s promises to pick Supreme Court justices who would roll back Roe v. Wade. Anti-choice leaders as a whole have rallied behind Trump, who besides vowing to  cherish  women and appoint anti-choice judges, has not offered any serious plans for improving the lot of women in the workforce or helping women out of poverty.As long as the anti-abortion movement overwhelmingly views an unwanted pregnancy as a punishment for women, they will NEVER stop trying to make abortion illegal in the United States. In a perfect world, Johnson would be leading an army of women to Washington to pass laws giving women everything they need to raise a unplanned child in safety and good health, thus ending almost all need for an abortion. Instead, she s going to waste her time trying to convince women who clearly hate other women that they should really be pro-life instead of pro-control.Good luck with that.Photo by Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
5602, Paul Ryan Forced To Speak On Trump’s Anti-Semitic Tweeting: ‘No Place In A Presidential Campaign’,"House Speaker Paul Ryan has endorsed Donald Trump for president, but it is clear that he wishes he hadn t felt like he had to do so. First, Ryan had to condemn Trump s ban on Muslims, before the GOP primary was even over. Then, he had to speak out again when Trump refused to immediately disavow David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan. After that, he had to speak out against Trump s racist statements regarding Judge Gonzalo Curiel s heritage. And now, the presumptive nominee has tweeted out an image of Hillary Clinton with a Star of David over a pile of cash, and once again, Speaker Ryan finds himself in a flap regarding Trump s obvious and repeated bigotry.Speaking with the Charlie Sykes radio show on Tuesday, Ryan said of the racist tweeting: Look, anti-Semitic images have no place in a presidential campaign. Ryan went on to condemn the tweet as  anti-semitic  and  ridiculous,  while criticizing Trump s activities overall, and saying the volume of ridiculousness was that he couldn t stop to comment on every crazy thing Trump does: If I had to stop everything to comment on every ridiculous tweet sent out by this campaign, I wouldn t have time to do anything. I really believe he s gotta clean up the way his new media works. Here is a transcript of the entire exchange, via Media Matters:CHARLIE SYKES (HOST): I have to ask you about this, the headline on The Huffington Post right now is,  GOP Leaders Totally Ignored Donald Trump s Anti-Semitic Clinton Tweet.  The image, which Trump later took down, showed the Democratic presidential candidate s face next to a star of David that read,  most corrupt candidate ever.  The anti-defamation league denounced the tweet. Clinton called it blatantly anti-Semitic. Your reaction to Donald Trump s use of that image?SPEAKER PAUL RYAN: Look, anti-Semitic images have no place in a presidential campaign. Candidates should know that. The tweet has been deleted. I don t know what flunky put this up there. They obviously have to fix that. We have to get back to the issues that matter to the public. I was doing the Kenosha parade, the Marine parade, grilling brats with volunteers and families, if I had to stop everything and comment to a ridiculous tweet sent out by this campaign I would have no time for anything else.SYKES: Yeah, well, this is like the fifth time though that Donald Trump, who you are supporting let me remind you.RYAN: I know, you have reminded me this.SYKES: I know. But has tweeted something that at some point does Reince Priebus or somebody else need to get him on the phone and say,  Mr. Trump you have got to stop tweeting these things. These things are no longer accidents. RYAN: Yeah, I really believe he needs to clean up the way his new media works. Most importantly, as you know, one of the few times I spoke out against him during the primary very forcefully was in this area. When he failed to disavow supremacists, white supremacists. So look, I think this is really really clear, the point is, I think he needs to clean this up. My understanding this was done by staff not by he himself. More importantly they got  to clean this thing up.Well, Paul Ryan is right there. He can t keep up with every racist thing Trump does. After all, Trump and/or his campaign staffers tweet insanely bigoted things in one variety or another on an almost daily basis at this point. It s like David Duke himself is running that campaign. However, the thing that Ryan needs to do is this: publicly rescind his endorsement of Donald Trump. He s clearly a bigot of the first order, and therefore has absolutely NO BUSINESS being president of the United States. This isn t about cleaning up social media. It s about clear, deliberate, and obvious bigotry.Paul Ryan and the rest of the GOP know this, but instead they keep pushing for a literal bigoted fascist to become the next leader of the free world.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5603, The FBI Just Announced The Results Of Their Investigation Into Hillary Clinton,"At 11 AM Tuesday morning, FBI Director James Comey announced that the FBI would NOT be recommending the Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton be charged with a crime in relation to her mishandling of government emails while she was Secretary of State.Comey first spent several minutes explaining how the FBI carefully and comprehensively went through the multiple servers Clinton used during her time at the State Department. The FBI went through all of the emails she provided as well through emails received by people she was in contact with. They even reconstructed as many deleted personal emails as they could from her hard drives. Think of the super cool scenes in Hollywood movies where hackers recover deleted emails except it s a really long and tedious process.A lot of people have been praying and hoping that the FBI would find a smoking gun and for a few minutes, it seemed like they had when Comey announced that they had found 3 emails with classified information: 1 at the secret level and 2 at the confidential levels (secret is a higher classification than confidential).However, Comey also explained that there was absolutely no evidence that those emails had been deleted as an attempt to cover anything up. He even explained the process by which her lawyers would have unintentionally deleted emails they should have turned over. This may sound like he was defending Clinton but he was simply explaining the process that led the FBI to their conclusions that no criminal actions were taken.Comey also explained that while there is no direct evidence that Hillary s servers were hacked, they were definitely at risk and there is no way to know that they weren t hacked because of the way the system was set up. That might sound like splitting hairs but it s an important distinction. If the proper precautions had been taken, it would have been easier to definitively know if something had happened.Comey went on to tear the State Department a new one over their  extremely careless  handling of classified material but finally got to the FBI s recommendation:In our system, the prosecutors makes the decisions about whether charges are appropriate based on evident the FBI helps collect. Although we don t normally make public our recommendation to the prosecutors, we frequently make recommendations and engage in productive conversation with prosecutors about what resolution may be appropriate given the evidence. In this case, given the importance of the matter, I think unusual transparency is in order.Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, out judgement is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.Comey also said,  We cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts. This doesn t necessarily end the saga of Hillary s emails as the Department of Justice could still decide to press charges anyway, although it s unclear what they would hope to accomplish given the lack of evidence. The most likely outcome is that Donald Trump just lost his best chance at defeating Hillary and after a few weeks of him bellowing that the fix was in, no one will remember what all the drama was about.Photo by Eric Thayer/Getty Images",0
5604, Obama Singing ‘Happy Birthday’ To Malia Is The Most ‘Dad’ Thing You’ll Ever See Him Do (VIDEO),"On July 4, we celebrate our independence each year, but the Obama family has had another reason to celebrate for the last 18   the birth of the President s eldest daughter, Malia. This year s annual White House Fourth of July picnic on the lawn had to be canceled due to rain, but the President and Michelle Obama decided to move the party inside where they hosted numerous military families. Since it was his daughter s birthday, President Obama decided to do what dads do best   embarrass her by being her dad. It just so happens we celebrate our country s birthday on the same day as my oldest daughter s birthday, so just a quick Happy Birthday for Malia, the President told the crowd. He then broke into a croaky, frankly terrible rendition of  Happy Birthday  that was somehow perfect in every way.As he wrapped up the song, Malia stepped in to give her father a huge hug in what is possibly the most touching father-daughter moment of the many we have witnessed.Preceding this touching moment between Obama and his daughter were some beautiful remarks about our country. Obama called the United States a  miracle,  saying that we are lucky  that people generations ago were willing to take up arms and fight for our freedom. Independence is not something that just happens,  he told the crowd. It s something that we have to fight for every single day. It s something that we have to nurture and we have to spread the word and we have to work on. President Obama said that the most important thing about freedom is that we ensure that everyone has opportunities in this country   that they can put a roof over their heads and contribute to society. It is important to recognize imperfections and fight to make things better for everyone, Obama said.Watch this touching scene unfold below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5605, Meet The Brave Republican Women Who Are Supporting Clinton In The Boldest #NeverTrump Move Yet,"Donald Trump is an embarrassment to the GOP and, more importantly, to the nation. He is also the most outrageously dangerous major party presidential candidate that America has seen in recent memory   perhaps ever. Well, many people on both the left and the right know this, and have jumped on the #NeverTrump train. Now, there is a very interesting development: a group of women who have been lifelong Republicans doing all they can to elect presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton.The group is calling itself  Republican Women for Hillary,  and spent their 4th of July evening holding the first meeting of their fledgling organization at Washington s St. Regis Hotel. These women are definitely not your typical Hillary supporters. One of them admittedly spent copious amounts of time campaigning against abortion rights, and another is a Southern Baptist who is basically against everything Hillary Clinton and Democrats in general stand for. However, their mission is to make sure Donald Trump never gets anywhere near the Oval Office   even if it means doing all they can to elect Hillary Clinton.U.S. Chamber of Commerce employee and staunch Republican Jennifer Lim, who helped found the group, explains the logic: It s really important that Republican leaders, especially Republican women leaders, stand up right now and say we re not OK with Trump representing our party. This is not a position I ever wanted to find myself in. But it s important that when things like this happen that people speak up. It is important to note that this group is in no way affiliated with the Clinton campaign, but they do intend to do their own campaigning and activist activities, including urging people to vote for Clinton, while also helping conservatives facing political backlash for condemning Donald Trump and his destructive, dangerous campaign.Here is the tweet from the group s twitter, endorsing Clinton:We're with her! #GOPwithHer #ImWithHer https://t.co/FhKIaa6BX5  RWFH (@GOPWomenWithHer) June 7, 2016Meghan Milloy, who is a member of Republican Woman for Hillary but also works for a conservative think tank called American Action Forum, seems conflicted and it is clear the decision was not easy to join this group. However, her resolve is solid. She says:  It has been tough for me to come to this point where I can vote for a candidate who has been very against what I ve been working for for most of my professional career. That being said, I can t vote for someone like Donald Trump because he s overtly racist and misogynist. Jennifer Lim goes on to clarify the group s position: Are you a Republican who thinks @realDonaldTrump should not become president?Tell us why: https://t.co/OvwepPNXoC  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 6, 2016Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images",0
5606, Teen ‘Accidentally’ Shot And Killed By His Father At Florida Gun Range (VIDEO),"On July 3, William Brumby  accidentally  shot his 14-year-old son, Stephen, at the High Noon Gun Range, located in Sarasota, Florida. The teen was rushed by ambulance to Sarasota Memorial Hospital, where he died as result of a gunshot injury.According to WFLA: William Brumby was positioned in the last shooting lane where there was a solid wall on his right-hand side. After firing a round, the spent shell casing struck the wall causing it to deflect and fall into the back of Mr. Brumby s shirt. That s when the teen s father reached his other hand, which was holding the gun, behind his back to remove the shell. The gun was accidentally discharged. The bullet struck the 14-year-old, who was standing behind his father at the time. He was shot in the neck.Brumby s 12-year-old daughter and adult son were both present at the time of the shooting.During an interview with Fox 13, David Brumby, the brother of the teen who was killed, said immediately upon realizing he had shot his son, William Brumby began screaming and begging someone to call 911. He described the shooting as a  freak one-in-a-million accident. David Brumby told Fox 13 that his father wanted the 14-year-old to learn to shoot a gun so that he would be able to  protect himself. The High Noon Gun Range was built in 2013. At the time it opened, it was described as  the safest gun range ever designed,  by the Herald Tribune.According to the company s website, the first three  rules of the range are:I will handle all firearms as if they are LOADED.I will keep my finger off the trigger when not immediately firing my weapon at my designated target.Finger must be out of the gun s trigger guard and off the trigger until your sights are aligned on a safe target and you have made the decision to fire.I will always be certain of my target, direction of my shot, and the surrounding areas before firing.The problem with deadly weapons is that they re deadly. If you make a mistake, as everyone is bound to do at some point, people end up dead.  Oops I forgot to take my finger off the trigger,  suddenly becomes  Oops I just killed my own son. Here s more on this story from Fox 13 in Sarasota.Image credit: video screen capture Fox 13",0
5607, ‘Responsible’ Gun Owner Tries To 2nd Amendment A CHILD Because Of Fireworks,"Okay, we all probably get it. Independence Day weekend can be annoying as all hell because it seems like there s always someone shooting off pyrotechnics, having a loud party or barbecue, or otherwise making a major nuisance of themselves. That s no reason to fire a gun at someone, though, especially when that someone is a child.Unfortunately, that s what a Wisconsin man did when he got fed up with a 10-year old child shooting off fireworks in his neighborhood, because, you know, when someone pisses you off that s what you do these days: Solve it with a gun.It was the child himself who called the police, and, of course, the man tried to lie his way out of it by saying he was merely shooting off fireworks, too. That lie didn t last very long, and he eventually admitted that he d fired his .40 caliber pistol in the child s direction. What a clusterfuck of a human being.It s not clear whether the child s parents were home, but what happened to going over to the neighbor s house to politely ask them to stop with the noise, or working something out that would be mutually agreeable? Alas, to many so-called  responsible  gun owners, it s not, and they d rather threaten, or even harm, people who piss them off.This guy may even be part of the 1 in 10 here who are pathologically angry and have access to a firearm. Nobody who isn t, at minimum, full of rage would consider pointing a loaded gun at a child and pulling the trigger for any reason. Nobody in their right mind would consider anybody who does that a  responsible gun owner.  Yet even gun owners who pull this kind of nonsense seem to think they re  responsible. Instead of spending money on guns, these people need to go buy a clue.The child is unharmed, and the man has been arrested. He currently faces charges of recklessly endangering safety, as well he should. He should also undergo a psych evaluation geared at finding out just how deep his anger runs that he thought firing a gun at a kid because he was annoyed was okay.Featured image by George Frey/Getty Images",0
5608, Watch A Trump Supporter GO BONKERS Trying To Defend Trump’s Neo-Nazi Tweet (VIDEO),"Anyone trying to defend Donald Trump after his disgusting anti-Semitic tweet is having a really hard time.First, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski got shut down at his new gig on CNN for insisting that there was nothing wrong with Trump tweeting out an anti-Hillary Clinton meme that blatantly used the Star of David and originated from a website frequented by neo-Nazis and white supremacists. It didn t go well for Lewandowski, and it didn t go well for Michael Caputo, who tried to come to Trump s rescue earlier today.In a Monday morning interview with CNN, the former Trump campaign advisor tried to make the case that Trump shouldn t be apologizing for the anti-Semitic post. According to Caputo, there was nothing to be sorry about: This was not intended to offend anyone. Caputo also denied that the star s shape was the Star of David, and insisted that it was merely a geometric image that some associate with the horrible days of Nazi Germany. Reminding everyone that the Trump campaign did in fact fix the Star of David debacle by slapping a circle over it, Caputo continued: This was an unforced error, there s no question about it, otherwise they wouldn t have changed it. But to apologize for it? I don t think so. TwitterThe interview got even more insane as Caputo insisted that almost no one found the image offensive (which is a lie) and accused the media of making a big deal of the red Star of David s appearance on the image to distract people from focusing on the FBI investigation on Hillary Clinton s emails.Unable to take this nonsense any longer, CNN s John Berman stepped in and pointed out that the meme had appeared on a site that was trafficked by neo-Nazis. This caused Caputo to basically lose his mind and fire back,  Do you know that? Do you know that? Berman replied,  Yes! , which inspired Caputo to basically lie again and say that Trump s social media team had no control in choosing what images were tweeted from Trump s Twitter account because they were  deluged at all times [with] incoming images from people who make them who want the campaign to use them. That s the dumbest excuse Caputo could have come up with, but there s probably some truth in it. Basically, Caputo is saying that Trump s social media staff has been so overwhelmed with people sending them Nazi images, they felt obligated to post one. Sounds about right.You can watch Caputo epically fail at defending Trump below: Featured image via Marc Piscotty / Getty Images",0
5609, Donald Trump Hilariously Gets Owned On Twitter For Blaming Media For Anti-Semitic Post (TWEETS),"Donald Trump could have just shut up and let the storm pass. But he didn t and he got taken to the woodshed for it.As we all know by now, the Republican nominee posted a anti-Hillary meme on Twitter that included the Star of David. The meme has been traced to a white supremacist board on the Internet that serves as a meeting place for Neo-Nazis.After much national outrage, Trump removed the meme and replaced it with the same meme except a circle was substituted in place of the star.Trump should have simply kept quiet and moved on to let the outcry die down. Eventually, everyone else probably would have moved on as well. But Trump just refused to let it go and took to Twitter to defend the meme on Monday morning by blaming the media for the outrage.Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff s Star, or plain star!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016Two days after removing the original meme amid charges of anti-Semitism, Trump is now claiming that the star was simply a plain old Sheriff s Star. And Twitter did NOT buy that bullshit at all. .@realDonaldTrump So lemme guess. You re NOT going to explain why you deleted that tweet if it wasn t antisemitic?#Dipshit#USALaughsAtYou  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) July 4, 2016.@realDonaldTrump thank you; donald  happy july forthfrom my sherriff to yours pic.twitter.com/4z9es6mC61  Adam Weinstein (@AdamWeinstein) July 4, 2016 @realDonaldTrump why did you delete it then?  David Tarp (@TarpCPH) July 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump He s right. In Germany, it was easy to be deputized. pic.twitter.com/BMFjHoQV3L  David Simon (@AoDespair) July 4, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump Look at all these sheriffs buried in Normandy. pic.twitter.com/pbJ63H2pZX  Kilgore Trout (@Beer__Wolf) July 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump one of your interns yanked it from a white supremacist message board, you dog whistling balloon animal.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) July 4, 2016 @GlennThrush @realDonaldTrump The media is ignoring the long-history of anti-sheriff sentiments from anti-Semites. Bad! Sad!  Alex Katz (@Alex__Katz) July 4, 2016@Truthdoxxer @ChrisCJackson @realDonaldTrump Then why was it found on a Neo-Nazi website? Why was it taken down?  The Egg (@EggwardEggson) July 4, 2016 @realDonaldTrump This was one of the sheriff stars my ancestors were gifted. #NeverTrump #LyingDonald pic.twitter.com/8SZBfign5E  Bob Karp (@BobKarpDR) July 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Delete your account    (@lmaomaxi) July 4, 2016 @realDonaldTrump what is a  Sheriff s Star ? Do you mean a sheriff s badge? Those say  sheriff , you moron.  EricaGrieder (@EricaGrieder) July 4, 2016Are you suggesting that the good sheriffs of America are dishonest, hence linking their symbol to Hillary Clinton, @realDonaldTrump?  David Whitley (@mrdavidwhitley) July 4, 2016 @insufferabIes @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/78hhI5WvF1  Mic (@MykelBeyotch) July 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump For someone who has to explain he s not a fascist every other day, you re still embarrassingly bad at it.  Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) July 4, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump A  Sheriff s Star  from the Netherlands, deputized by Hitler. pic.twitter.com/zyomso3SKD  Steve Silberman (@stevesilberman) July 4, 2016Remember when Hitler made six million Jewish sheriffs? Oh wait. He didn t? He killed them instead.  (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) July 4, 2016Again, Donald Trump could have kept his mouth shut but he couldn t as usual. So now Twitter is ripping him a new one for pushing a ridiculous excuse and it is awesome.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5610, WOW: Duck Dynasty Star Phil Robertson Offers Up The Worst Proof Ever That Jesus Was Real,"No one can accuse Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson of being able to use the few brain his god saw fit to bless him with. Nobody can accuse him of not clinging so desperately to his faith that he literally can t see anything else, either. To that end, while speaking at the Western Conservative Summit in Denver, he put forth what he no doubt believes is ironclad proof that the son of his god, Jesus Christ, actually existed.What s his proof? It s definitely not scientific proof. It s also not even biblical proof. No his proof is so uniquely out there that it defies description: [The] calendar documents it is 2016 years since Jesus showed up, right? So don t tell me he wasn t here!By the way, if your calendar is dated of all the human beings who have ever walked on the Earth, and your calendar is dedicated and predicated to just one of  em, evidently something rather large went down. Wow, he s really got us there.This is a good time to start scratching your head while wondering just what manner of derpiness this is. Our calendar, dedicated to just Jesus, simply because it s the year 2016? Don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts, especially considering that the names of most of the months are based on things that are so un-Christian they re blasphemy:Robertson could stand to read this little history lesson if he s going to make wild claims about our calendar, although it s entirely possible that he d call it all Satan s lies, or something like that. It s really hard to cure someone like him of willful ignorance; he d just come up with more willful ignorance.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5611, Happy 4th Of July! American Income Inequality Hits Historic High,"As people head out to celebrate America s independence, some people have more to celebrate than others. A LOT more.Even as the economy recovers from the financial collapse engineered by the rich, those same people managed to reap almost all the rewards, leaving the rest of us to scramble for the scraps. And while the rich whine about how persecuted they are, a new study shows that income inequality in America is at an all time high with no signs of slowing down.How bad is it? Very:While the past two years have been good for the majority of Americans  income growth, they still haven t fully recovered from the recession. For the bottom 99 percent, incomes fell 11.6 percent during the height of the recession from 2007 to 2009. Afterward, they grew just 7.6 percent between 2009 and 2015   not enough to make up for the downturn. Incomes for the 99 percent have only recovered about 60 percent of what they lost.But the rich are doing great. The incomes of the 1 percent grew 37 percent between 2009 and 2015. They captured more than half of all the income growth in the country over that period, leaving just 48 percent to spread out among the bottom 99 percent of families.The Washington Post writes about a study of income inequality throughout the entirety of America s existence and the two researchers found that today s inequality is the worst it s ever been and steadily getting worse. Even when the country was first founded and most people lived on farms, the rich were not far separated from the poor. In fact, even the  Gilded Age  which saw obscene amounts of wealth concentrated in the hands of the few was not as obscene as it is now. Here s the chart they used:(Excerpted from Unequal Gains: American Growth and Inequality since 1700. Courtesy of Princeton University Press)If you ll notice, the sharp upturn of income inequality started in the 1970s when unions started to dwindle and corporations started to increase worker productivity while refusing to share the profits from it. You ll also notice that the sharpest climb came after the 2008 financial crisis.This hoarding of wealth is what has lead to the 1% attempting to completely co-opt our system of government by buying politicians outright. The bad news is that this is going to get much worse before it gets better. The good news is that the rich always lose these fights in the end. The British lost when they tried to bleed the colonies dry. The southern slave holders lost when they tried to maintain their control over their  property.  The Robber Barons lost when they tried to turn America into their own personal playground. And the current crop of greedy, soulless 1%ers will lose this time as well.Soon-to-be Hillary Clinton may not go after the rich with both barrels blazing, but she, like Obama before her, will lay the foundation for the 99% to take our country back. By quietly rebuilding the government institutions and courts the GOP crippled, we re going to have the tools we need to wrest control away from the corporations and stop the decline of the middle class and the suffering of the poor.So light those fireworks, America! We re almost ready to declare our independence from the 1%!Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images",0
5612, Trump Explaining The Star Is Now WAY Worse Than The Star Itself (TWEET),"Even though the fact that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee tweeted out Anti-Semitic imagery is bad enough, Donald Trump has now decided to defend himself. Because of course. Trump doesn t believe he s ever wrong, and an apology would be sacrilegious to whom he worships most   himself.Here s the original tweet before his campaign staff scurried to replace the Star of David with a circle: And even though it s already been proven that the original meme came from a white supremacy forum, Trump still takes to Twitter to try and spew the same cover-up story others have been trying to claim, and that is that the star is not actually the Star of David, but just a sheriff s badge, or a regular star.Here s Trump Monday morning: Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff s Star, or plain star! Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016Well, which is it, Trump? A sheriff s star or a plain star. Or maybe it s just a poor excuse for a poor excuse of a human being tweeting out imagery from white supremacists depicting Hillary Clinton on top of a pile of money next to a Star of David.It s surprising Trump still has internet privileges at this point in his campaign. In all honesty, he could have just let this topic go and within a few news cycles it might have been gone, but nope, he decides to make a horrific thing even worse by defending it.We need to make sure we do all we can to keep him out of the Oval Office. VOTE BLUE.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5613, Disgraced Conservative Former Soldier Sees Imaginary War Against July 4th,"Today is July 4th, otherwise known as America s Independence Day. Americans across the nation know this is the day our country came into being and we celebrate that by lighting fireworks and spending time with friends and family.But disgraced former Republican Rep. Allen West thinks something sinister is afoot.For years, conservatives have been trying to make everyone believe that there is an imaginary war on Christmas. Such an idea has been very profitable for guys like Mike Huckabee and the folks over at Fox News who constantly claim Christmas is being destroyed by godless liberals even though the war is only occurring in their heads.And now it sounds like West is trying to cash in on that concept by claiming that there is a war against July 4th.In his blog on Monday, West whines about how people simply refer to this day as July 4th instead of the  240th American Independence Day. I see something very disturbing happening today,  he begins.We ve become so damaged by the talons of political correctness that it now threatens the very existence of our Republic. And I mean its very founding.I ve been amazed at how people greet you with  Happy 4th of July , as if we are celebrating a numbered date on the calendar. If this continues, there will be generations who will no longer know what happened on this day, other than we should have cookouts and shoot off fireworks.Today is our 240th American Independence Day, a significant day not just for America, but for the world.Really? Just because people are greeting you today with  Happy 4th of July  that makes you convinced that Americans are forgetting what happened on this day? I see you still haven t had your head examined by a qualified neurologist, Mr. West. You might wanna get that checked.Anyway, West goes on to urge people to read the Declaration of Independence, which is a good learning exercise. However, West uses that call to then attack President Obama and liberals by comparing Obama to King George III and claiming that liberals are trying to subvert the holiday.These are the stories we must teach our children and grandchildren, lest they go off following the failed messages of the progressive socialist left. This is why we must not celebrate the 4th of July, but American Independence Day   or else someone will tell you they re going to  fundamentally transform  your nation and you have no clue what that means.This is why today, I implore y all to take the time to carefully read the entire Declaration of Independence and notice the parallels to the grievances then to today, such as,  He has erected a Multitude of new Offices, and sent hither Swarms of Officers to harass our people, and eat out their Substance    think IRS and other regulatory agencies.Or how about this one,  He has combined with others to subject us to a Jurisdiction foreign to our Constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended legislation    sound familiar? Consider Obama s rule by edict and executive order antithetical to our Constitution.And I love this one:  For imposing taxes on us without our Consent    need I remind you there are twenty new taxes in Obamacare.But just as West was wrong to torture a man in Iraq for information when he was a Lieutenant Colonel, he is woefully wrong now.First of all, President Obama was duly elected to his position by the American people. He is not a king and he his second term in office will be finished in January, and he will leave office. If he were a king, he would never leave.President Obama is not the only commander-in-chief to issue executive orders. Every single president except for one has issued an executive order, including George Washington. He issued 8 such orders. Thomas Jefferson, whom West brags about in his post, issued four. President Obama has issued 235 executive orders, but Reagan and George W. Bush issued over 600 combined. And if we look at the number of executive orders issued per year, we find that President Obama s average is the lowest in modern history. We have to go all the way back to Grover Cleveland to find a president with a lower average. If we go by West s logic, the only president who wasn t a tyrant was William Henry Harrison, who died one month after Inauguration Day. But even he would have likely issued some executive orders had he lived to complete a four year term.So executive orders have a precedence that goes back all the way to the first President of the United States.West also claims that the American people were taxed without their consent because of Obamacare. This is also an outright lie.By declaring our independence, Americans were able to create their own government and had the power to vote for their representatives in Congress. Americans did this very thing in 2008 when they sent a Democrat to the White House and kept Democrats in control of both chambers of Congress.The House voted in 2009 to pass Obamacare and all the taxes it contains by a vote of 219-212. The Senate voted to pass it by a vote of 60-39. And that was right after the people elected President Obama, and they would elect him again in 2012. West is likely whining because our system of checks and balances between the three branches of government, also established by the Constitution, has prevented Republicans from repealing Obamacare.It should also be pointed out that if President Obama were a tyrannical king, Allen West s head would be on a pike right now because that s what real tyrants do.It sounds like Allen West is the one who needs to brush up on his history.Featured image via Wikimedia ",0
5614," Racist, Islamophobic Hotel Clerk Has Unarmed Man Brutally Arrested For Speaking Arabic (VIDEO)","A citizen from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) was brutally arrested after racist Islamophobes in Avon, Ohio, called the cops on him because he was wearing traditional UAE clothing and having the gall to speak Arabic on his personal cell phone. Ahmed al Menhali was merely a guest visiting the U.S. and staying at a Fairfield Inn, but, true to form for the racist Islamophobes, he s obviously a terrorist, because reasons.It was apparently two people who called 911   the hotel clerk s sister and her father: The caller reported her sister told her there was a male in the lobby  in full head dress with multiple disposable phones pledging his allegiance to ISIS. Avon Police then received a second 911 call from the desk clerk s father who also requested assistance on behalf of his daughter. When police arrived, though, they found al Menhali simply speaking Arabic into one phone. Despite that, they brutally pinned him to the ground and cuffed him, according to the Council on American Islamic Relations, and police body-cam footage seems to confirm that. They were supposedly following standard protocol until they discovered that al Menhali was, in fact, totally unarmed. No bombs, no guns, no nothing.Below is the body-cam video from one of the responding officers:This is what Republicans have wrought upon society with their ongoing fear-mongering regarding Muslims and terrorism. They spout disgusting, ignorant rhetoric, and then morons like this hotel clerk, who clearly buy into everything bad they hear about Muslims, call the cops on totally innocent people.What s worse is that the right-wing pundits who spew forth this racist rhetoric would likely be fired if they said it about Jews or Christians, but noooooooooo. If they re talking about Islam, then they believe all is well. Despite efforts from some of our leaders, including George W. Bush, to try and separate the religion of Islam from terrorism, we still have people like His Royal Islamophobe, King Trump, along with Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, and others, stoking irrational, paranoid fires like they ll freeze instantly if they don t.We re also getting good at pissing countries right the hell off with this crap. The UAE was sorely disappointed that one of their citizens was treated this way for zero reason, to the point where their government called up our deputy mission chief (i.e., the Department of State) over there about the  brutal   ill-treatment meted out by the Ohio Police to an Emirati citizen.  They were apparently told that we respect the right of foreign nationals to wear clothing in accordance with their traditions and views, but it s patently obvious that we don t, all because of what if. The UAE also felt they had to send out a warning to their citizens traveling abroad: For citizens traveling outside the country, and in order to ensure their safety, we point out not to wear formal dress while traveling, especially in public places.  [emphasis mine]That sounds an awful lot like telling women to dress more modestly if they don t want to be raped. How about we actually stop teaching people that all Muslims are terrorists? One single hotel clerk from a small town managed to cause an international hassle thanks to GOP fear-mongering. At least the mayor of Avon has the city reviewing the incident to decide if the people responsible for this should face charges:Message from Mayor Jensen: pic.twitter.com/wH63Uzmhdh  City of Avon, OH (@CityofAvonOH) July 4, 2016Here s a hint for them: Yes, they absolutely should.The mayor of Avon called this incident a  miscommunication  in that apology letter. Miscommunication our lily-white asses. This was a result of the blatant racism and Islamophobia that Republicans with miniature brains, and their frightened, paranoid, xenophobic little mouthpieces, have sown here. This hotel clerk should be fired at the bare minimum, she and her family should face charges, and Republicans need to stop their racist fuckery and accept responsibility for creating an environment that leads to ordinary people in small towns creating international problems.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5615, Right-Wing Columnist Is Now Officially Begging Democrats To Kiss And Make Up With Out Of Control Republicans,"New York Times conservative columnist David Brooks is absolutely amazing. After years of sitting by while Republicans waged a scorched earth campaign against Democrats, the Constitution and basic human decency, he suddenly laments the toxic level of discourse in America. Why? Because Democrats are ascendant and Republicans are teetering on total collapse. Now, he says, we should work together and it would be bad for America if we don t!Brooks sets the stage by describing how we got here. He calls it  anti-politics  and he s VERY upset about it: Over the past generation we have seen the rise of a group of people who are against politics. These groups   best exemplified by the Tea Party but not exclusive to the right   want to elect people who have no political experience. They want  outsiders.  They delegitimize compromise and deal-making. They re willing to trample the customs and rules that give legitimacy to legislative decision-making if it helps them gain power. I m guessing he s referring to Bernie Sanders  supporters as being the left-wing version because I can t think of any other group on the left that even remotely fits the description. But Bernie has been in Washington for 30 something years. He s hardly an inexperienced outsider. His followers may like his rebel cred but they don t want him to get into office for the sole purpose of bringing the government to a grinding halt. This is Brooks creating a false equivalency in order to absolve himself of his responsibility in creating antipolitics.He goes on to describe the antipolitics people as being extremists that cannot compromise and increasingly damage the process of governing. Essentially what the GOP has been doing for years while Brooks gave them ideological cover to wreck the country. Brooks is especially put off by Trump despite having enabled his rise in the first place.So far, the column is the usual right wing shifting of blame. They are patently incapable of accepting responsibility for their actions. But then we get to this, the plaintive wail for sanity: The answer to Trump is politics. It s acknowledging other people exist. It s taking pleasure in that difference and hammering out workable arrangements. As Harold Laski put it, We shall make the basis of our state consent to disagreement. Therein shall we ensure its deepest harmony.' It sure does sound reasonable but the timing of this sudden epiphany is not coincidental. You see, Republicans have spent the last 30+ years polarizing the country to the point where the two sides cannot work together. While Republicans controlled the White House, both chambers of Congress AND the Supreme Court, this was exactly what they wanted. They spent 6 years of ignoring the Democrats and doing whatever they wanted. Then they spent all of Obama s presidency breaking the system so they could stop his agenda. They became the party of antipolitics.But in November, Republicans are going to be crushed at the ballot box. Trump is going to going to lose so badly, he s going to cost Republicans the Senate by a comfortable margin, not a small number of House seats, a few governorships and control of several state legislatures. Oh, and the Supreme Court is going to tilt left for the next 30 years, which will put the final nail in the coffin of the Republican voter suppression schemes that are the only thing keeping Republicans in power in many parts of the country.So after decades of  I hate you! I hope you die! Burn in hell! Compromise is surrender! Burn it all down unless we get 100% of what we want! , we should stop playing by their rules of winner takes all? Now that they re on the edge of losing everything, Republicans want to play nice again? Noooooope, fuck that. Republicans don t get to kick sand in our faces and then demand we share our ice cream because they dropped theirs.So sorry, Mr. Brooks. You had your chance and you blew it. You sat by and let your party turn American politics into a polarized blood sport. It s not our fault you lost and we re in no mood to give you the time of day much less any concessions. We re going to put you in a little box and undo all of the damage your policies have wrought since the 80s. Unions are going to grow in strength again. The minimum wage will become a living wage. Workers will have their rights restored. Women will have their rights restored. So will minorities and the victims of the Drug War (most of whom are minorities anyway). Wall Street will still make billions but they won t be able to crash the economy again. All of your voter suppression laws will be repealed and extreme gerrymandering will end. All of this will happen without no input from you because you have painted yourselves into a corner where working with a Democrat is grounds for being primaried from the far right. It won t happen in 4 years. Or even 8. Decades of damage will take decades to clean up. But it s going to happen and there s nothing you can do to stop it.Karl Rove once boasted of a  permanent Republican majority  in which Democrats would be utterly powerless. While I m not so bold as to claim a permanent Democratic majority, Republicans will grow weaker and weaker until they can stop appealing only to white racists. In the meantime, we re gonna take it all while you, Mr. Brooks, sit and scream in impotent rage at how mean and unfair the left has become. Ha. Ha. Ha. Fuck you.Featured image via diginpix.ina.fr",0
5616, Here’s How Much California Would Bring In Every Year If They Legalize Marijuana,"Californians have a choice ahead of them. In November, citizens of the Golden State will decide whether or not to legalize marijuana for recreational purposes.  One of the most compelling arguments proponents of marijuana legalization have used in previous efforts to legalize marijuana in other states, is that it will bring in extra money for the state s budget.On that front, there is plenty of evidence to support that argument. Oregon saw a jaw-dropping amount of extra revenue after they legalized marijuana. Officials in Oregon expected to bring in $2 million dollars in tax revenue after their first year of legal weed. They nearly doubled their expectation bringing in an astounding $3.48 million dollars in new tax revenue.So how much is California expected to bring in should they choose to legalize recreational marijuana? Reuters reports that California could take in an additional $1 billion dollars a year: With a population of nearly 40 million people, and a thriving medical marijuana trade legalized 20 years ago, California already has the United States  largest legal marijuana market. Legalization of recreational pot would generate an estimated $1 billion in additional taxes per year. Other states that have legalized recreational marijuana have received similar tax windfalls. Colorado, the first state in the U.S. to legalize marijuana, took in $135 million dollars in taxes and fees in 2015. Colorado is pumping most of their new tax dollars into schools and other education initiatives.The state of Washington raised $67.5 million dollars in tax revenue from recreational marijuana in 2015. They are expected to raise more than $1 billion dollars over four years. This money goes into Washington s general fund and to help fund health services.Legalizing marijuana would also save California a lot of money due to no longer having to pay the enormous cost of enforcing current marijuana laws. In 2012, over 21,000 people were arrested for crimes related to marijuana criminalization. The number of overall arrests   especially felony arrests   has plummeted over the years after changes were made to the California s marijuana laws. However, the cost both budgetary and human of marijuana criminalization is still a huge financial burden for the citizens of California to bear.It s time for California, as well as the rest of the nation for that matter, to end marijuana prohibition once and for all. We cannot afford not to.Featured image from David McNew/Getty Images",0
5617, ISIS’ Blasphemous Ramadan Attacks Prove They’re Not Muslims At All,"Ramadan is a holy month that all Muslims celebrate. They fast from sunrise to sunset, unable to eat, drink, smoke or even have sex. Muslims try not to fight, curse, lie or sin during Ramadan because such acts are considered profane.Unless you re ISIS. Then it s a signal to slaughter as many people as possible:The spokesman for the Islamic State said in late May that jihadists should  make it, with God s permission, a month of pain for infidels everywhere.  Another extremist distributed a manual for using poisons, adding, in poor English:  Dont forget Ramadan is close, the month of victories. This is like being a Christian and going on a killing spree Christmas morning in the name of Jesus. Sure, you could rationalize it as a gift to the son of God but, really, you re going against everything the holiday stands for.And that s the point here: Radicalized Muslims are no longer really Muslims any more than the Westboro Baptist Church is really Christian. Both are cruel, twisted distortions of their respective religions. The problem is that far too many Americans, mostly, but not exclusively, right wingers, are all too eager to lump 1.6 billion Muslims together with the tens of thousands of violent lunatics that terrorize the rest of the world.Consider this: ISIS has about 25,000 fighters. That s it. Let s say that for every fighter, there are 10 people that are totally sympathetic to their cause. Hell, I ll be SUPER generous and double that. That gives us 500,000  evil  Muslim extremists. That s still just .03% of all the Muslims in the world. Yet, somehow, we re supposed to be afraid of the other 99.97% of them? We don t hold ANYONE to that kind of standard. If we did, we would have strung up every Catholic priest as a pedophile years ago or locked up every white male as a probable serial killer.But we don t, of course, because that would be insane. But we do it to Muslims anyway. The reality is that ISIS and those like them have weaponized their religion and in doing have abandoned the very religion they claim to fight in the name of. Remember, the overwhelming majority of their victims are Muslims who refuse to follow their warped interpretation of Islam:What is clearer is that the manipulation of the goals of Ramadan are another way in which jihadists have interpreted the religion in a way most Muslims deplore. Another example is the jihadists  wide use of takfir, or the branding of others as infidels who deserve death. The Islamic State has used this concept to justify the killing of other Muslims, be they Shiites or fellow Sunnis whom the group deems to be insufficiently devout.Such views course through the jihadists  Ramadan propaganda. If 90%+ of the people you kill for being infidels and heretics are of the religion to claim to represent, you re the one that is blaspheming against that religion. It s time the West figured that out and started acting accordingly.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
5618, Acclaimed Documentarian BLASTS Christians For Supporting Trump: He Lusts After His Own Daughter,"Anyone following this election can easily see that Donald Trump is no angel. From his bigotry, racism and misogynistic behavior and comments, it s hard to make the case that Trump is a man of virtue and worthy of running a country. Acclaimed documentarian Ken Burns was quick to point this out in a recent interview with the Daily Beast, where he spoke at length about how awful of a human being Trump is.Although Burns was promoting his films, the filmmaker couldn t help but get carried away when the conversation turned to race relations in the United States, and the topic of Trump came up. Burns had been talking about his film The Central Park Five, which is about five African-American teens that were wrongly convicted in the assault of a white woman in Central Park when he reminded everyone how Trump reacted to that case. He said: He shamefully took out a full-page ad in all of the New York dailies asking for a restoration of the death penalty for two 14-year-old, two 15-year-old, and one 16-year-old innocent children. While New York State laws would not have permitted their execution, just the fact that there was a rush to judgment ought to be complete evidence of how temperamentally unsuited he is for the office he now seeks. After his slam of Trump s racism, Burns went off on another anti-Trump rant, labeling Trump as a  super-predator  and going after the business mogul for being a bigot that has benefitted from the speed of social media and an  amoral internet. Burns said: I find Donald Trump more of a super-predator. This idea that he can attack and attack and attack whole groups of people, and that we live in a media culture where that s permitted to be tolerated it s the spectacle and not the truth of it. An amoral internet permits a lie to travel around the world three times before the truth can get started, and we live in a place where lying is OK where a lassitude develops where it doesn t matter what the truth is and that s how it s possible for someone like him to be advanced who is so clearly temperamentally unsuited and has no idea about governing. Then, Burns turned to the GOP and the Religious Right. Bringing up Trump s long history of sexism, misogyny and his utterly creepy obsession with his daughter Ivanka, Burns criticized Evangelicals that are somehow able to justify voting for Trump. The Republican Party has been extraordinarily successful at getting many groups of people to vote against their self-interest. Evangelicals are voting for Donald Trump. What part of Donald Trump reminds you of Jesus Christ? Trump lusts after his own daughter on national radio, talks about women s bodies and breasts in such a disparaging way, and mocks them. How is this in any way Christian? When you make the  other  the enemy, how is that Christian? There has been incident after incident, past and present, of Trump saying things about his daughter Ivanka that no father should ever say. Most notable is what Trump said in a 2006 interview where he said,  I don t think Ivanka would do that [pose for nude photographs] inside the magazine [Playboy]. Although she does have a very nice figure. I ve said that if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps, I would be dating her.  There have been several other instances, and it s amazing that Burns pointed this out. If racism and bigotry weren t enough to convince America s more religious voters that Trump doesn t live the values of Christianity, his obvious sexual attraction to his own daughter should certainly raise some red flags.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5619," Lewandowski Defends Trump’s Anti-Semitic Tweet, Says Backlash Is ‘Political Correctness’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has found a new home on CNN, in which he shills for Trump 24/7. So, it comes as no surprise that Lewandowski is defending the indefensible, and saying that there was nothing wrong with Trump s using a Star Of David in an image where he is calling Hillary Clinton corrupt. As if that weren t bad enough, a huge pile of cash completes the clearly anti-Semitic imagery.Lewandowski went on CNN, though, and insisted that the backlash his former boss faced over the tweet is  political correctness run amok. The bottom line is this is political correctness run amok. If this were to be a star next to [presumptive Democratic presidential nominee]Hillary Clinton without the cash behind it, no one would be questioning this.Here is video of that exchange:Lewandowski: Criticism of Trump s star tweet is  political correctness run amok  https://t.co/jhYzAouS3r #CNNSOTU https://t.co/78dMzH38Mn  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) July 3, 2016 The thing is, though, it s not political correctness, it s calling out bigotry. And this is just the latest incident in a very long line that suggests that Donald Trump is a world class bigot. Here are just a few things he has done since this national embarrassment of a campaign started:We could go on forever when it comes to the stunningly bigoted statements and incidents that have surrounded Donald Trump and his campaign. The thing is, though, everyone knows that Trump is dog whistling white nationalists and other racists with this tweet and everything else he s done. The man is courting bigots. There s more than enough evidence to make that case. It shouldn t be surprising to anyone, though, because at the end of the day, the GOP s base is riddled with bigots of every stripe imaginable, and they have absolutely no problem with Trump s activities. Quite the opposite, in fact, as Donald Trump just made public bigotry okay again.Featured image via Al Drago/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images",0
5620, Here Are Three Of The White Supremacists On Twitter That Have Inspired Trump,"Donald Trump s reputation as a disgusting racist prig is well known, and it s why known white supremacy groups would pick him up and hug him, and stroke him, and cuddle him, and sing to him, and call him King if they could. What may not be as well known, though, is just how many of His Royal Racist s retweets come from people who have some tie to white supremacy movements.The Twitter analytics firm, Little Bird, looked at his retweets just from the last week and found that a whopping 62 percent of his retweets are from people who like white supremacy a little too much. Even worse than this, though, are three Twitter accounts that are so deeply racist and anti-Semitic that it defies description: @cheesebrit, @FishBoneHead1, and @whitegenocideTM.King Trump has retweeted blatantly false things from these accounts, or he s retweeted horrifically racist tweets from them. The two overlap.That last one, @whitegenocideTM, is particularly frightening, not least because of his handle (he calls himself Donald Trumpowitz), but because of just how full of hatred his feed is (although you can t expect anything else from someone who has  white genocide  in his handle). He regularly hurls epithets at everyone from Jews to Muslims, along with everyone else who isn t white and Christian.@cheesedbrit is the account that tweeted these bald-faced lies posing as statistics awhile back:Trump retweeted that in apparent support of the idea that systemic racism, particularly in our justice system is something the African-American community brings on themselves. The media got all over him for that, and he shot back with this absolute crap: Am I gonna check every statistic? Well, yes, King Dunce, if you re going to put them forth as fact, you are going to check them first. But of course, he didn t.@cheesedbrit s account has since been deleted, however, pieces of it live on as screencaps, and on Twitter itself, including his profile pic, which contained a neo-Nazi symbol:For anybody who doesn t know,  goyim  is Hebrew for  non-Jew,  and  The Austrian chap with the little mustache,  of course, refers to Hitler. CheesedBrit wants another Hitler, and he believes Trump is that man.Finally, there is the jerk who put out the highly controversial anti-Semitic meme against Hillary Clinton recently. The meme showed a picture of her next to a Star of David, and said,  Most corrupt candidate in history.  Trump has since deleted the meme and replaced it with an edited one that didn t have the Star of David on it, because of course he did.That account holder @FishBoneHead1 should have changed his name to @BoneHead1, because he is, in fact, a world-class bonehead who isn t just a racist, but also a misogynist. However, that account is likewise deleted, perhaps at Twitter s behest, and perhaps because he just couldn t take the backlash he unleashed on himself with that sickening anti-Hillary, anti-Semitic meme.According to Little Bird, 28 percent of the accounts His Royal Whiteness likes to retweet follow at least one of the top 50 white supremacist groups in the country, and 62 percent follow people who use the #WhiteGenocide hashtag. If there was any doubt left that Trump is a white supremacist, this erases that entirely.Featured image by Marc Piscotty/Getty Images",0
5621, U.S. Ambassador: British School Children View U.S. As Synonymous With Gun Violence,"Mathew Barzun, the United States ambassador to Britain, just delivered some devastating analysis regarding British schoolchildren s views of the U.S. Barzun explained during a radio interview, that British children associate the U.S. with gun violence to the point where the two ideas are virtually synonymous.Part of Barzun s job is to go to schools where he talks to British youth about American culture. During his three years, he has spent serving as an ambassador, Barzun has visited 142 schools. He laments the fact that he is routinely questioned by those he speaks with about topics such as gun violence, police brutality, and Donald Trump. I find it hard to explain our nation s idea of freedom,  Barzun says about American gun culture.  How we won our freedom from this country with guns. And that, until a group of people decide to make this [gun control] their issue number one, two and three, we will remain stuck. It isn t hard to believe that a nation that has put in place effective measures to diminish gun violence and police brutality cannot understand how the U.S cannot do the same thing.It is a travesty that children around the world are growing up with this strong association between the U.S. and gun violence. Though I am not surprised by it. I agree that people need to step up and make gun violence a more important issue. That being said, I think it is also important that people stand up and demand an end to the corporate takeover of the United States government. Until we can stop the NRA from buying our elected leaders, such organizers will hold us hostage indefinitely.Featured image from Carl Court/Getty Images",0
5622," Obama’s Labor Secretary Zaps Trump’s Foreign Policy With A Single, Needle-Sharp Zinger","Donald Trump doesn t have much foreign policy experience, but he loves his golf courses, especially the ones overseas. He s no longer associated with Miss Universe, but surely that prepared him for foreign policy and running a country, just as his golf courses in Scotland did. President Obama s labor secretary, Tom Perez, took Trump to the cleaners over this during an interview on Meet the Press, because Perez knows that Trump doesn t know foreign policy at all.Host Chuck Todd asked Perez how he would describe his own foreign policy, and Perez replied with a smirk and razor-sharp sarcasm: Well, I haven t run a Ms. Universe pageant, and I don t own any golf courses in Scotland, Chuck, so I don t have what Donald Trump has, and I m very sorry about that. That hits King Dunce right where it hurts, because King Dunce doesn t know how to take advice, let alone actually learn anything. Remember, King Dunce the man who gave us this little nugget of disease-ridden feces: I m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I ve said a lot of things I know what I m doing and I listen to a lot of people, I talk to a lot of people and at the appropriate time I ll tell you who the people are. But my primary consultant is myself and I have a good instinct for this stuff. He has a touch of instinct for business, and that s it. He thinks government, and particularly foreign affairs, are just like business and he can treat them with strong-arm tactics and threats of lawsuits   oh wait, war  if they don t give in.King Trump s foreign policy sounds great to ignorant voters who can t think for themselves. It s all about  America first.  It s a lot of the same mentality that led to Brexit, and it s true that world s uppermost caste has left working class people in the dust in the pursuit of their own black and vile greed. However, Trump wants to bully and muscle other countries into doing what he wants. He doesn t want actual negotiations.It wouldn t be surprising to discover that His Royal Narcissist thinks that his  me first  mentality is the same as having an  America first  mentality. His confidence in his own greatness is part of why he talks about all his businesses, including his golf courses, as though they ve given him all the experience he needs to run one of the most powerful countries in the world.As Perez explained, Trump the Dump is all about himself and his own profits and glory rather than America first, because otherwise, he wouldn t fight labor unions and he wouldn t have his clothing and campaign gear made in the very foreign countries he demonizes regularly on the campaign trail.Perez nailed him to the wall on this.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5623, WATCH: Chuck Todd DEMOLISHES GOP Sen. Who Supports Trump But Can’t Say Why,"During an appearance on Meet the Press Sunday morning, Republican Senator Tom Cotton (AR) was grilled by the show s host Chuck Todd. Todd repeatedly asked Cotton to  make a case  for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.Spoiler alert   Cotton was unable to do explain why he supports Trump, other than the fact that he is not Hillary Clinton.Here s a transcript of the relevant portion of the interview:Chuck Todd: Okay, fine, but you just gave the case against Clinton. What s the case for Trump? You just did a whole speech by the way earlier this weekend. You didn t even mention his name. You laid out a strong case against her. But you did not make a case for him. Make the case for him.Senator Cotton: Donald Trump can ultimately make the case for himself. But Donald Trump, like most Americans, like most Republicans, believe in protecting America s core national interests. He believes as do I, as do most Americans, that we aren t yet doing enough to take the fight to the Islamic State.That the intervention in Libya was ill-considered and slapdash at the time. And we re living with the consequences of it now. That we have to get tougher when it comes to our intelligence and law enforcement practices to stop Islamic terrorism. On those matters, our party is largely united. And I say that we have the vast majority of Americans with us.Chuck Todd: You don t come across as an enthusiastic Trump supporter. Is that fair?Senator Cotton: Maybe I don t just demonstrate enthusiasm much in life, Chuck, especially in such dangerous times as these.Chuck Todd: No, I understand that. But it does seem as if you  I mean, this is somebody who  he is not running on a foreign policy that is anywhere close to what you would like to see. How do you square that into your support for him?House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans have endorsed Trump out of party loyalty. They have repeatedly made a case for putting the GOP above the United States, as Ryan was recently called out for. They don t plan on adopting his policies, such as his progressive views on trade or entitlement benefits or his completely insane ideas regarding just about everything else.To put it simply, Cotton can t make a case for Trump for one very good reason   there isn t one.You can watch the interview below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5624, Neo-Nazis Created The ‘Star Of David’ Anti-Hillary Meme Trump Tweeted,"The plot thickens.If you ever needed any more proof that Donald Trump s campaign is in bed with white supremacists look no further than the anti-Hillary meme Trump posted on his Twitter account on Saturday morning.Trump stirred national outrage and was accused of anti-Semitism after posting a meme declaring that Hillary Clinton has made history by being the  most corrupt candidate ever  complete with a Star of David.Though he posted the meme, Donald Trump isn t the one who created it. As it turns out, white supremacists are responsible for it.According to Mic: The Image was previously featured on /pol/   an Internet message board for the alt-right, a digital movement of neo-Nazis, anti-Semites, and white supremacists newly emboldened by the success of Trump s rhetoric  as early as June 22, over a week before Trump s team tweeted it. Further research led Mic directly to a Twitter account that  regularly tweets violent racist memes commenting on the state of geopolitical politics. Mic also notes that the file name of the meme on the message board could be a  nod to the Neo-Nazi code for  HH,  or  HeilHitler,  which the alt-right is fond of hiding in plain sight. So Trump and his campaign literally tweeted a meme that was created by Nazis and white supremacists. Those groups must be beaming with pride now after their leader shared their hateful work. By the time Trump removed the meme and replaced the Star of David with a circle the original meme had been shared 2,000 times.Meanwhile, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski defended the Republican nominee by calling the outrage over the meme  political correctness run amok. The bottom line is this is political correctness run amok. If this were to be a star next to Hillary Clinton without the cash behind it, no one would be questioning this,  he claimed. He also argued that it was the same star used by sheriffs.But the fact that the meme was created by neo-Nazis makes it clear that the star shape was meant to attack Jews as much as the meme was an attack on Hillary Clinton. And either the Trump campaign failed to do any research about where the meme came from or they knew exactly who created it and shared it anyway to appease the white supremacist supporters of his campaign.Featured image via Twitter",0
5625," WATCH: Iowa Woman’s Vicious, Racist Assault On Black Reporter Caught On Video","KCCI reporter Emmy Victor was covering an officer-involved shooting, which took place in Boone, Iowa, when she was verbally assaulted by a racist white woman. The woman s entire vicious tirade was caught on camera.As KCCI reports here, Victor and another reporter were covering the officer-involved shooting of 28-year-old Michael Disbrowe at the Greenwood Mobile Home park in Boone, when the incident took place.As Victor attempted to cover the story, a white woman dressed in a tee-shirt and sweatpants suddenly flew at her. Victor can be seen backing away, as the woman shoves her finger in the reporter s face, screeching  Get out of here you stupid fucking nigger. The reporter keeps her cool as the woman continues to verbally assault and threaten her. Get the fuck outta here,  she shouts.  One  You re gonna start going down,  she says storming back towards her a second time.When Victor tells the woman she needs to leave before the police are called, she rages,  You gonna shoot me too? The woman storms away, knocking the cameraman s tripod over as she goes.According to the station, the racist hate-spewing woman is the mother of the man shot by police that night.Witnesses report that Michael Disbrowe was threatening residents of the trailer park with a gun on June 27, when police were called to the scene.A neighbor, Patty Webb, told the Des Moines Register that she heard  a man and woman screaming and cussing at each other.  Webb called 911 after hearing gunshots.After police arrived on the scene, Webb says she and other residents were ordered to stay inside their own homes.Webb told reporters: (The police) begged him for 20 minutes,  Please put the gun down, and he wouldn t. It wasn t until Disbrowe raised his arm and pointed the gun directly at police that the officers opened fire.While Disbrowe s mother was understandably distraught over the shooting, that in no way should excuse the vicious, racist assault she directed at the reporter.In a statement following the incident, KCCI General Manager Brian Sather said: The safety of our crews is critically important as they cover stories affecting our communities. This morning Emmy and Zach demonstrated the utmost professionalism in the face of a very difficult, emotionally-charged situation. Here s the video courtesy of KCCI via YouTube. Image credit: video screen capture KCCI",0
5626, Donald Trump Throws Temper Tantrum After FBI Doesn’t Charge Hillary Clinton (TWEETS),"Donald Trump just heard that Hillary Clinton won t face charges from the FBI and he went ballistic.Conservatives have been frothing at the mouth over the prospect of Hillary Clinton being arrested and jailed over whatever imaginary crimes they believe she has committed. But after meeting personally with the FBI about her so-called email  scandal,  it is now expected that the investigation will be dropped and no charges will be filed.This comes on the heels of the Republican report on Benghazi that cleared Clinton of any wrongdoing after four years and $7 million spent trying to find anything to pin on the former Secretary of State.Ever since it became clear that Hillary would be his opponent, Trump has referred to Clinton as  Crooked Hillary,  and has used both Benghazi and the email probe as the centerpieces of his attacks against her. But now that the FBI and House Republicans have found no evidence against her, Trump has lost his two favorite attacks and he had a complete meltdown about it on Twitter on Saturday. It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton,  the Republican nominee wrote.  What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid! It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2016What Trump is referring to is Bill Clinton s brief exchange with Attorney General Loretta Lynch last week. The two were coincidentally at the Phoenix airport at the same time, so Clinton stopped by to see her since the two have known each other for a long time   going back to when he appointed her as a U.S. Attorney in 1999. According to Lynch, while it may not have been wise for the two to chat in private, the conversation was innocent and had nothing to do with the investigation. They spoke about golf and grandchildren, Lynch said. And frankly, Lynch should be given the benefit of the doubt.But you can t tell that to Trump, who also declared on Saturday night that the system is rigged because the FBI didn t charge Clinton like he wanted them to do. It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2016Basically, Donald Trump is going to have a hard time using Benghazi or the email probe against Clinton in a general election in which most people are not paranoid conservatives who see conspiracy theories everywhere they go. It will work on conservative crowds that are easy to work into a frenzy because they already hate Clinton with a murderous passion, but the Republican Benghazi report that exonerates her combined with the FBI declining to charge Clinton over emails basically gives the American people four months to forget about it because they won t care in a couple days if they ever really cared at all since this whole circus was manufactured by Republicans anyway in an effort to pin some sort of scandal on her. But just like Republicans failed to pin manufactured  scandals  on President Obama, Republicans have failed once again because Hillary Clinton did nothing wrong.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5627, Karma In All Its Glory: Republican Chairwoman Forced To Resign Over ‘Obama Is A Chimp’ Facebook Post,"A little over a month ago, Linda Sorenson, the Republican Chair for Delta County, Colorado, posted the following Facebook meme:Oh those wacky Republicans and their unbelievable racism!At first, Sorenson was defiant in the face of public condemnation, stating, I really don t care if people are offended by it,  she told me of the post, which was sent to me by a source.  Un-friend me. Stop looking at me on Facebook.  After all, this is a new day in America. This is Donald Trump s America and gosh darn it! White people won t stand for being oppressed by the PC Police any longer! Let freedumb ring!But a funny thing about Trump s America it doesn t actually exist. At least not yet. And certainly not in the very purple state of Colorado. Clearly, Sorenson thought the people would rally to her bigoted side. Instead, according to the The Daily Sentinel:That posting not only prompted calls of her resignation from fellow Delta County Republicans, but also from several outside groups, including the Colorado branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Greater Metro Denver Ministerial Alliance.Whoops.In the face of all of this pressure, Sorenson changed her story from,  I m racist and I m proud!  to the perennial favorite of politicians who make a social media blunder:  Someone hacked my account! I m the victim here! After four  accountability meetings  though, including an investigation into Sorenson violating party rules by endorsing a local Republican primary candidate, Sorenson saw the writing on the Facebook wall and resigned. The Republicans Central Committee was quick to distance themselves:Suppes, who is not a member of the central committee, said it was an appropriate move. There s no room for racism, intended or unintended, in society,  he said.  It s best for the party, best for the county, that she step down. On the one hand, bravo to the Colorado GOP for dealing with this appropriately. On the other, Sorenson is hardly an outlier. Republicans have spent decades turning their party into a haven for racism and bigotry in all its many forms. Sorenson was simply stupid enough to say it out loud; a trend that has been exacerbated, but certainly not started, by Donald Trump.I wonder who she ll blame for her downfall? I m going to guess Obama. What do you think?Featured image via screencap",0
5628," TSA Agents Beat Deaf, Partially Blind Teen, Returning From Brain Surgery (VIDEO)","Hannah Cohen, a 19-year-old brain tumor patient, was flying home from St. Jude s Children s Hospital when she was beaten and arrested by TSA agents, at Memphis International Airport.According to the teen s mother, as the girl passed through an airport security system, she somehow triggered an alarm.When agents approached Hannah, who is deaf, partially blind and suffers from confusion because of a tumor on her brain stem, the young woman became afraid. She didn t understand what they were about to do,  Shirley Cohen, Hannah s mother, told WREG.Cohen says she tried to explain to TSA agents that her daughter was unable to hear or understand their directions, but local police kept her away from her daughter throughout the ordeal.The situation escalated when Hannah began to struggle against the agents.During the interview with WREG, Hannah s mother described what happened next: She s trying to get away from them, but in the next instant, one of them had her down on the ground and hit her head on the floor. She went on to say that after the girl s head was slammed to the ground.  I looked,  she said,  and there was blood everywhere. TSA agents arrested the disabled teen and took her to jail. The charges were later dropped.Hannah s family has filed a lawsuit against Memphis Police, airport police and the TSA on her behalf.According to a TSA spokesperson, the family  should have  notified the airport ahead of time about Hannah s special needs.TSA spokesperson Sari Koshetz said in a statement: Passengers can call ahead of time to learn more about the screening process for their particular needs or medical situation. The teen s mother reports that the family has been traveling back and forth from Chattanooga, TN to St. Jude s Hospital with Hannah for 17 years. Neither the hospital nor the airport ever told them that special arrangements were needed before a trip.Here s more on this disturbing story from WREG.Image credit: video screen capture via WREG",0
5629, Racist LA Sheriff Threatens To Shoot DOJ Attorney Right Between The Eyes (VIDEO),"On March 9, a federal grand jury indicted Iberia Parish, Louisiana sheriff Louis Ackal on charges of conspiracy and deprivation of rights under the color of law.The jury handed down its verdict after hearing evidence that Ackal ordered the beatings of at least five pretrial detainees. The prisoners were taken to the jail s chapel so the beatings could be carried out away from the facility s surveillance cameras.Five Iberia Parish deputies, the officers who carried out the chapel beatings at the direction of Ackal, plead guilty to conspiracy and civil rights charges in February. Four others have been convicted since then. Those officers have all agreed to testify against Ackal.The prosecutor also brought charges in relation to an unprovoked attack on an inmate in 2012, which was caught on video.Watch the video below, courtesy of The Latest News on YouTube. The Advocate reports that at least eight people have died at the hands of Iberia Parish police in recent years, including one man who was arrested simply for thinking the shadow of Jesus was going to appear on a church.The death of Victor White III, who supposedly shot himself in the chest inside of a police squad car, while his hands were cuffed behind his back, also occurred in Iberia Parish.As Ackal s trial wages on in federal court, an unidentified witness recently stepped forward with a series of recorded conversations. In the recordings Ackal is heard referring to the prosecutor as a  sorry son-of-a-bitch Jew bastard. He was also recorded making threats against the life of Mark Blumberg, the Washington, D.C.,-based Justice Department lawyer who met with Ackal prior to his indictment.Ackal claimed that during the meeting he told the attorney: I said the only thing I m gonna give you   f*****g shoot you right between your g*******d Jewish-eyes-look-like-opossum bastard. As The Young Turks reports in the video below, Ackal is currently not in police custody. He is also still allowed to carry a weapon.After reviewing the recently discovered recordings, the judge who is hearing the case against Ackal is set to determine whether the conditions of his release should be changed.Here s more on the story from The Young Turks on YouTube.Featured image via video screen capture via The Young Turks",0
5630, Florida GOP’s Anti-Abortion Law Struck Down In Another Huge Planned Parenthood Win,"Anti-abortion advocates were dealt another heavy blow on Friday after a federal judge blocked parts of a bill that would have put new restrictions on clinics that provide abortion-related health services. The bill, HB1411, was signed into law by Florida s Republican governor Rick Scott. The bill aimed to cut funding for health clinics that provide abortion services such as Planned Parenthood. If this bill had been allowed to remain law, it would have cost Planned Parenthood $500,000 dollars a year in funding.It s important to keep in mind that Florida law already prevents government funding of abortion services. That means that the relevant funding portions of the bill were not going to actually stop funding of abortion services but every other service that Planned Parenthood provides.U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle put in place a last minute injunction after Planned Parenthood affiliates challenged some of some of the provisions in the bill on conditional grounds.  The state s only beef is that the plaintiffs provide abortions,  Hinkle wrote.According to Reuters, Hinkle based his injunction on the reasoning that  clinics were unacceptably targeted by state efforts to eliminate funding for other health care services they also provide, such as birth control and screening for cancer and sexually transmitted diseases. This comes just days after the United States Supreme Court ruled in favor of women s reproductive rights. The decision in Woman s Health v. Hellerstedt has had a domino effect when it comes to women s reproductive rights. Since Monday s ruling, six states have had similar abortion laws struck down either permanently or temporarily. That s a major setback to the Republican Party s war against Planned Parenthood and women s rights.It s almost laughable at this point that Republicans are trying to spin their attacks on our health care system as being an attempt to protect women, as this bill was described by its proponents.Featured image from Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5631, The Latest News About The Clinton Email ‘Scandal’ Will Ruin Conservatives’ Whole Week (VIDEO),"You know, with as many times as conservatives have declared the Hillary Clinton email  scandal  the end of her political career and the thing that will land her in prison, you d think that there would be something concrete they could use against her. Unfortunately, there has not been anything yet. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Not a thing that points to anything criminal in the least.On Saturday, Clinton voluntarily met with the FBI so they could stop wasting time on an investigation into the former First Lady s use of a private email server and move on to actual crimes. Secretary Clinton gave a voluntary interview this morning about her email arrangements while she was secretary,  Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill following the meeting.  She is pleased to have had the opportunity to assist the Department of Justice in bringing this review to a conclusion. Saturday evening, CNN s Senior Producer, Edward Mejia Davis, dropped some inside info on Twitter   namely, that there will soon be an official announcement that Clinton will not be charged with a crime, largely because it has been obvious from the beginning (to anyone who can figure out the intricacies of operating a salad fork, anyway) that she hasn t committed one.Sources tell CNN's Evan Perez: expectation is that there will be announcement of no charges in Clinton email probe w/in next two weeks or so  Edward Mejia Davis (@TeddyDavisCNN) July 2, 2016In an evening interview with MSNBC s Chuck Todd, Clinton was asked about the reports that she won t be charged, but she refused to spill anything: Chuck I am not going to comment on the process. I have no knowledge of any timeline. This is entirely up to the Department. Clinton pointed out to Todd that she didn t send nor receive any emails that were marked classified while she was Secretary of State. Some emails had been marked classified later on   something for which Clinton can not be faulted.If these reports are correct, we can expect much gnashing of teeth on the Right.Watch the interview below:Featured image via Getty Images/Andrew Renneisen",0
5632, Shameful: Republican Senate’s New Scheme Is Going To Hurt Soldiers’ Wallets Badly,"Republicans have found a new way to hurt the pockets of the working class   and this time they re going so low as to strip pay away from military personnel. In June, the Republican-controlled Senate passed military budget cuts that no one asked for. Part of the budget calls for reforming how service members are compensated each month for their housing expenses.The way the current system works, service members receive a monthly stipend called the Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH). The amount of money service members received each month is based on several metrics such as rank, the number of dependents, and marital status. Service members are able to pocket any cash they have left over after they re housing expenses have paid for. That s all about to change.Mother Jones reports: The measure in the Senate bill, which passed with approval from the Armed Services Committee, would make the housing stipend cover only soldiers  actual bills.  Soldiers would provide copies of their rents or mortgages and get reimbursed only for what they spent, up to a maximum payable limit. Soldiers sharing housing would have their allowances divided by the number of service members sharing the space. The changes would cost many soldiers hundreds of dollars of a month. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the move would save $2 billion over the next five years. That $ 2 billion dollars in savings is just pennies compared to what has already been saved due to reforms in Tricare, the military s medical program. Todd Harrison, who works as the director of defense budget analysis for the Center for Strategic and International Studies told Mother Jones that: Just the minor changes that Congress has made to the Tricare program over the past four or five years [are] now saving more than $5 billion a year each year in the defense budget,  he says,  and I think a lot of people would be hard-pressed to identify what those changes are.  Harrison went on to add that,  They re cutting back on exactly the types of compensation that people value most. Fortunately, the changes to how the BAH runs are not included in the House s version of the spending bill. Furthermore, the Senate s version still has many legislative hurdles to jump over before it actually could be implemented.It shouldn t be too surprising that Republicans would seize the opportunity to turn the current the current need to reduce military spending into an austerity program. After all, the lower rungs of the military   those who will be impacted by this bill the most   are much more likely to be racial minorities and those with a poor working class background. It s just like the GOP to create programs that do not do much more than increase inequality in the name of fiscal responsibility.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5633, BUSTED: Here’s The Proof Trump Doesn’t Have As Much Money As He Says He Does,"Donald Trump has claimed since he launched his presidential campaign to be worth at least $10 billion. He has not offered any proof of this, and has not given any evidence that the $10 billion figure is anything but a completely made up figment of his imagination.Now, a smoking gun document has been found that shows Trump to be far less wealthy than $10 billion, and it comes from Trump himself.In the document, which concerned the securitization of commercial mortgages on properties including Trump Tower in New York City, Trump was described as being worth more than $4.2bn, with liquid assets of more than $250m.A passage in the 132-page filing says:  The sponsor is Donald J Trump. Mr Trump has significant commercial real estate holdings worldwide including interests in office, retail, residential, golf-clubs and hospitality properties in markets including New York, San Francisco, Florida, Washington DC, and Scotland. As of 30 June 2011, Mr Trump reports a net worth in excess of $4.2bn and liquidity in excess of $250m. The document was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2012 by Wells Fargo Securities on Trump s behalf.The claim of $250 million in liquid assets is far less than the $400 million Trump told Sean Hannity of Fox News he had in a 2015 interview.The Guardian newspaper points out that that is not enough to finance a modern presidential campaign, which runs into the hundreds of millions of dollars. Trump has already loaned his campaign between $43 to $50 million dollars, which means he may already be completely tapped out despite his extravagant claim that he can self-finance a battle against Hillary Clinton to win the presidency.Trump has so far refused to disclose his tax returns to prove his net worth, the first candidate in nearly 40 years to hide his returns in this fashion. Clinton has exposed 10 years of her own returns, making her financial situation transparent.Meanwhile, Trump has been completely outgunned on fundraising. His recent filing with the Federal Elections Commission showed his campaign with less than $2 million on hand, while Clinton had over $40 million.Even worse, Clinton recently revealed that in June she had raised an additional $40 million for a war chest of over $80 million, which does not include perhaps even $100 million or more that has been raised by Super PACs supporting her campaign.Trump has not revealed his June fundraising but an email appeal from his campaign to email addresses they appear to have purchased in bulk to send spam to (several foreign government officials say they have been getting Trump emails) boasted a relatively puny $10 million figure raised in the last few weeks.The disparity is showing up in early advertising, as Clinton is spending about $500,000 a day in critical swing states   Florida, Pennsylvania, Colorado, New Mexico, and others   while Trump hasn t spent anything at all. By comparison, Mitt Romney s 2012 campaign was spending about 80% of what President Obama s re-election campaign was, keeping that candidate viable.Featured image via Flickr",0
5634, Donald Trump Conveniently Forgets First Half Of Second Amendment (TWEET),"Whenever Donald Trump has the opportunity to sell something, he s going to say whatever he needs to so it gets sold. This time around, Trump is trying to sell himself to the American voting public so that he can pretend to be president, because the man doesn t have one bit of the necessary experience to actually do the job.Knowing Republicans love their guns dearly, and clearly don t understand the Constitution, he ll use that to his advantage. So, on Twitter he tweets out what he said at a recent rally surrounding the Second Amendment of the Constitution, and that s that people have the right to have guns. However, what he fails to do, and it can be pretty much guaranteed that it s on purpose, is talk about the first half of the amendment, nor the context of the necessity of the amendment for the time at hand and how it works with the rest of the Constitution.Trump tweeted out, pandering to his base of voters who love their guns more than anything: The Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep & bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. pic.twitter.com/sqe12D0MBJ  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2016Now, the whole amendment reads: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. Yes, the state Militias that were necessary at the time because the nation didn t have a standing, nationalized army. Looking at Article 1 Section 8, it reads: To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. The Second Amendment arms those militias to be at the ready  being necessary to the security of a free State. In all honesty, the Second Amendment isn t really needed anymore now that we have our armed services. And if you think the amendment can t be removed or changed, well, you must also think alcohol is still illegal. The word amendment, quite literally, means change. Oh, and if you think that you can fight back against the government if they restrict your gun use, think again, that would be insurrection, the very thing the Second Amendment arms against, and you would be tried for treason (see also: Whiskey Rebellion).All in all, Trump is just playing into the naivety of his voting base and their love for their ever-so-precious guns. After all he s a businessman selling himself. And unfortunately, people are buying it.Featured Photo by Marc Piscotty/Getty Images",0
5635, Fox News And Sean Hannity Basically Just Ran A TV Promo For White Pride (VIDEO),"How does the saying go? Fox News isn t racist, but number one with racists? Pretty sure that s it, and keeping true to form, they re playing directly to their number one demographic by talking about  pride. Of course, they infer that it s  American pride,  but when you listen to Sean Hannity speak, he tells the tale of a life that was granted to him, and not so much for others.Hannity talks about how he s worked since he was eight years old. From being a paperboy, to working in a restaurant, to working in construction, to finally being able to pursue his dreams in broadcasting. To be honest, the first thing I thought of while watching this promo was  how nice for a white man in America to so easily be able to pursue his dreams,  and then the word  pride  flashed up on the video.Hannity loves saying  only in America.  Yes, here in America where we still have systemic racism that prevents others from pursuing those same dreams that he had. But will he see it that way? No, of course not. Does he mean it that way? Probably not, because he s too blind to his privilege. However, going on and on about how he was granted opportunities that were granted to him primarily because he won the genetic lottery, is that really something to be  proud  about? To him, apparently it is.This video might as well have read  white pride  at the end.Watch for yourself: And then, I have an opportunity to pursue a dream only in America.    @SeanHannity #ProudAmericanhttps://t.co/GaxjX4oWeE  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 2, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5636, WATCH: Bill Maher Hilariously Mocks Libertarians To Their Presidential Nominee’s Face,"On Friday, during an interview on Real Time with Bill Maher, Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson sat down with Bill Maher and tried to make the case for a libertarian president. Maher brutally mocked Johnson and his party s economic beliefs saying that  their economic theory is like Mad Max takes your gas and you die. The  Libertarian Party  would be more aptly named the  Neoliberalist Party.  They are both radically conservative on economic issues and radically liberal on social issues. As Maher described their views on government saying,  I saw your convention. The vision of government is somewhere between colonial Williamsburg and Atlantis. Both Maher and Johnson cited examples of some of the more unorthodox views some people hold within the Libertarian Party. Johnson mentioned that he was booed at the Libertarian National Convention for stating that he believes that people should be required to get a driver s license in order for them to be able to drive. Maher mentions that the question as to whether 5-year-olds should be able to purchase heroin legally is a major debate between libertarians.As nutty as that sounds, Johnson insists that here are extremists and loons in every party, while posturing himself as an alternative to people who might be voting for the presumptive Republican nominee this November. Johnson insists that he is the best non-major party candidate to take votes away from Trump due to his predicted status of being on the ballot in all fifty states in the 2016 general election.The left has fervently hoped that a serious non-major candidate would run against Trump in the general election. With Republicans begrudgingly beginning to rally around Trump, it is looking more unlikely that either a serious or protest candidate backing a moderately conservative agenda will come from the Republican Party.Whether Johnson can run a serious campaign in November will mostly be determined by whether he can make his way into the debates. Candidates must be polling at 15% in order to make it into the debates. Johnson is currently polling at 10%. It s unlikely that Johnson is going to reach the necessary threshold to join the debates. That being said, he does seem like a reasonable choice for conservatives who cannot hold their nose to vote for Hillary Clinton and are adamantly a part of the #NeverTrump camp.You can watch the interview below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rK3IDl8RY8Featured image from video screenshot",0
5637, WATCH: This 103-Year-Old Woman Vows To Live Long Enough To Vote Against Trump,"Ruline Steininger wants to participate in an historic election that could result in the first female President of the United States, and she isn t going to vote for  national disaster  Donald Trump.Steininger is 103 years old, and was only seven years old in 1920 when women won the right to vote with the passage and ratification of the 19th Amendment.Throughout her life and the lives of every woman in America since the founding of our country there has never been a woman president and Hillary Clinton is now poised to break that unfortunate streak since becoming the first woman to become the presidential nominee of a major political party.During an interview with CNN s Christiane Amanpour, the Iowa native expressed her delight that she has the chance to finally cast her vote for a woman in the upcoming presidential election in November, especially if it means blocking Donald Trump from stepping foot in the White House next year. She s our only hope,  Steininger said of Clinton.  We certainly don t want Trump for a president. Hillary is the best qualified candidate we have had in a long long time. I never thought we d see a woman president of the United States, but this is the year. Back in December, Steininger sent her family a Christmas card vowing that she will do whatever it takes to stay alive long enough to cast her vote in this crucial election. The chances are high that my vote will be absent,  she wrote.  After giving this problem much serious thought and consideration, I ve come to the decision that I must live to do my part November 2016. I can die later. Voting to put a woman in the White House is not the only reason she decided to cheat death for another year. She s genuinely  shocked  that Donald trump has gotten this far and that people genuinely think he s a qualified candidate to lead the country. I don t know what has gotten into people,  she told Amanpour.  If he s elected president, it s going to be a national disaster which we will likely take years to recover from. The only way to stop Trump is to vote for Hillary. Here s the video via YouTube.And by voting for Hillary, Steininger will be voting for history AND against the end of America as we know it.Featured image via screen capture",0
5638, Marvel Just Turned Donald Trump Into A Villain And It Is PERFECT (IMAGES/VIDEO),"Ever since Donald Trump s true character was revealed in his presidential campaign, his racism, bigotry and misogyny has easily convinced Americans that he is without question one of the most evil, revolting human beings this country has ever seen. Thanks to Marvel Comics, Trump is finally going to be portrayed for who he really is   a villain.Marvel Comics has transformed The Donald into an orange-faced villain with tiny hands, hilariously named M.O.D.A.A.K. (aka Mental Organism Designed As America s King) in the publication Spider-Gwen Annual #1. The comic is set in an alternate universe where Peter Parker s girlfriend, Gwen Stacey, was the one bitten by a radioactive spider instead of him.The brilliant minds behind this masterpiece are Jason Latour, Chris Visions, and Jim Campbell, who released the comic just this week. In Spider-Gwen, Trump is pretty much doing exactly what he does every day as the Republican Party s presidential candidate   act like an egotistical bigot. Trump s character is seen bossing a minion around, calling him derogatory names such as  foreign filth  and announcing If America will not act, M.O.D.A.A.K. must!  as he tries to rule America. True to Trump s character, his rival ends up being Captain America   who is portrayed as a woman.Here are just a few of the amazing panels:MarvelMarvelYou can watch a report on Trump s comic book alter-ego below:It just so happens that Trump has played the role of a villain before   several times. At last year s New York Comic-Con, io9 went to Artist s Alley at the Javits Center to have Trump drawn into various bad guys   one of them was Modok. And in Issue No. 1 of Steve Rogers: Captain America, there was a character named Red Skull that gave a hateful anti-immigration speech that could have been taken directly from one of Trump s speeches. Calling for a race war, Red Skull said: I have just come from Europe my homeland, in fact. And do you know what I saw there? It was an invading army. These so-called  refugees    millions of them   marching across the continent, bringing their fanatical beliefs and their crime with them. They attack our women, and bomb our cities. And how do our leaders respond? Do they push them back and enforce the borders, as is our sovereign duty? Of course not. They say,  Here, take our food. Take our shelter. Take our way of life, and then take our lives.  Despicable. Trump as a villain was clearly meant to be.Featured image via screenshots",0
5639, Minnesota Woman Writes Amazing F*ck Off Letter To Men Who Want To Ban Abortion (IMAGE),"Attention, conservative men. This one is for you.After reading a pair of anti-abortion letters written by men published in the Minneapolis Star Tribune in response to the Supreme Court striking down Texas s draconian abortion law, Heidi Seltz couldn t stand to sit back and take the bullshit any longer.Texas law had forced abortion clinic doctors to obtain admitting privileges at an area hospital in order to continue providing reproductive services to patients. It also required clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers or they would be forced to shut down. Both requirements shuttered many clinics that women rely on for care and would have closed many more had the Supreme Court not ruled 5-3 against the law.Apparently, some men in Minnesota were very angry that the high court blocked their ability to tell women what they can and cannot do with their bodies and they publicly whined to the newspaper about it.So Heidi felt she should respond so that women are represented among the opinions published. And she only needed a few sentences to rip them a new one and put them in their place. It would be nice if men would shut up and if editors would help them,  she wrote. Unless you have a woman s body, I don t want to hear your opinion on what women s bodies should or should not do. In fact, it would be a delight if the Star Tribune Editorial Board ceased publishing men s letters about women s bodies entirely. Perhaps newspaper readership among young people would grow if every time we opened a paper, we didn t have to read old men s fusty opinions about uteri. Here s the letter via Twitter.Heidi is sick of your bullshit. pic.twitter.com/7TGEz5Q3TD  Stacey Burns (@WentRogue) June 30, 2016More women like Heidi Seltz must speak up in this way so that men do not dominate the conversation on reproductive rights. For too long, men have spearheaded the movement to restrict the reproductive rights of women to the detriment of women s health and freedom. The men in this movement are mostly conservatives who want to control women s bodies and make them submit to their will. That s why whenever Republicans in Congress form a committee to whine about abortion and contraceptives it s very noticeable that they rarely include a woman on the panel. Usually it s old white men who think they know everything about women s bodies and how they work. That has to change and it will only change if women stand up for themselves and demand it.Featured image via Twitter ",0
5640, Internet SHREDS Trump For Dog Whistling Neo-Nazis With Anti-Hillary Star Of David Post (TWEETS),"The only people who think all Jewish people are rich and shrewd with money are anti-Semitic racists, so therefore it should come as no surprise that this is yet another group of bigots that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump would try to appeal to in his attacks on Hillary Clinton. No, Hillary Clinton is not Jewish, but that didn t stop The Donald. You see, he is jealous because when it comes to fundraising, Hillary Clinton is winning. While she has raised roughly $68.5 million in funds during June, while Trump s campaign is broke.Instead of raising money or staying quiet on the issue, Trump, in his own unique brand of childish, racist buffoonery, Trump tweeted out a  Crooked Hillary  image that included a Star of David and a pile of money. Here is a screen capture:Now, what Trump was doing with this tweet was not lost on the great people of Twitter. This is clearly anti-Semitic, and it doesn t help that Trump has repeatedly courted white supremacists and other racists   hell, neo-nazis have pledged to support him and his fans at the GOP convention itself. The richly deserved twitter treatment was definitely swift:Just saw #DonaldTrump's Star of David tweet. I'm impressed by his ability to find a way to insult literally every kind of human being.  Cole Haddon (@colehaddon) July 2, 2016Square: no funRectangle: mehTriangle: Words won't fitStar of David: Great. Now where are my jackboots? https://t.co/ywXC8d8cj6  Sch ltz (@schultzenfreude) July 2, 2016A Star of David over a pile of money, Mr. Trump? THIS is textbook anti-Semitic imagery. #louderthanadogwhistle https://t.co/XXZ5MtfSde  Marc Lamont Hill (@marclamonthill) July 2, 2016Star of David is a totally classy touch and doesn't at all reek of baffling Jew-baiting. https://t.co/DILR6DpHZ4  Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) July 2, 2016maybe the star of david on trump's tweet is code for ""SOMEONE HELP ME, I DIDN'T MEAN FOR THIS TO GO THIS LONG, HOW DO I GET OUT???""  Lady Murderface (@itsa_talia) July 2, 2016Hi, @realDonaldTrump graphics team. Can you please explain your choice of a Star of David over money and 'corrupt'? pic.twitter.com/gvexX4S4QQ  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) July 2, 2016And there is yet more evidence that Trump is grossly unqualified to be president, if only for his incredibly racist ways alone, not to mention all the rest.Good on you, Twitter, for calling him out.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5641, Denis Leary Rips Trump A New One For Using 9/11 To Stoke Fear And Hatred,"Comedian Denis Leary has donated a lot of his own time and money to helping the victims of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 and the first-responders who risked it all to come to their aid.It s been nearly 15 years since the World Trade Center Twin Towers fell, and Leary still attends memorials on the anniversary of the tragedy that killed nearly 3,000 people that day. And one person he has never seen at a memorial is Donald Trump, who has exploited 9/11 repeatedly for political gain throughout his bid to become the Republican Party nominee.And his effort paid off because conservatives across the country bought the bullshit Trump was selling them.As the Daily Beast points out, Trump s biggest claim about 9/11 is that  thousands  of American Muslims were seen celebrating and cheering as the attacks unfolded. However, that claim has been thoroughly debunked. But Trump s supporters don t care, and they still believe Trump rather than acknowledge the actual facts.Trump has also claimed that he personally witnessed people jumping to their deaths from the towers even though he was four miles away at the time. Trump did all this despite referring to the Twin Towers as  not great  buildings a week after 9/11, making zero donations to 9/11 charities as of 2015, and visiting the 9/11 Memorial for the very first time to curry favor on the eve of the New York presidential primary, four and a half years after it was erected,  the Daily Beast reports.Trump has used fear and bigotry throughout his campaign to cast Muslims as an evil group hell-bent on destroying America and 9/11 is a central talking-point in that effort. For the most part, Trump has succeeded by appealing to the hate and racism of conservatives who have flocked to his campaign out of the belief that Muslims are a threat to the United States and that only Trump can prevent our destruction. And that makes Denis Leary sick, so he wasted no time in ripping Trump to pieces during a recent interview. I think he ll basically do anything to get the spotlight,  Leary told the Daily Beast. Trump will take advantage of whatever the situation, the cause, or the event might be. Where was he before this? I ve been downtown forever and been to a lot of 9/11 Memorial events the 5th anniversary, the 10th anniversary, others and I don t remember seeing Donald Trump there once. It s all built on fear, noise, bigotry, and finger-pointing. The guy loves to tweet. But I look at all the candidates on both sides, and I m thinking,  These are the people we have to choose from? What the fuck is going on? Donald Trump is the candidate in this presidential race who represents fear and hate. He also represents a right-wing that ignores facts. Trump doesn t care about anything that made this country great. He only cares about himself and power he can wield if he somehow becomes president in November. That cannot be allowed to happen. We cannot allow Trump to use the deaths of 3,000 people to propel himself to the White House. It would be a disgrace to their memory and a signal of our own decline as a nation.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
5642," Lewandowksi Defends Trump Begging For Money Illegally, And It Goes HORRIBLY Wrong (VIDEO)","Former Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski isn t even a month into his new role as a CNN contributor, but it s been a disaster since day one. Not only has Lewandowski revealed that, by contract, he is forbidden to say anything critical about Trump, but Lewandowski has pretty much served as a spokesman for his former boss.While CNN s hiring of Lewandowski is still puzzling to most of us, at least it s providing a few laughs as we watch Lewandowski repeatedly fail. Lewandowski s latest f*** up happened on Friday during New Day, when he addressed the criticism Trump has faced recently for breaking the law and spamming foreign members of parliament by begging for money (following reports that Trump s campaign is nearly broke). Lewandowski tried to defend Trump, and it went so horribly wrong that it s painful to watch.Lewandowski attempted to make the argument that those fundraising emails were only sent to people who had opted to get emails from the Trump campaign   but CNN s Alisyn Camerota wasn t letting that slide. Camerota called Lewandowski out on this lie, reminding him that those MPs from other countries were upset because they d never signed up to get those emails in the first place.Camerota asked Lewandowski,  How would a member of British parliament have gotten this solicitation? Lewandowski responded: If the member of the British parliament or anybody else for that matter opted into the Donald Trump e-mail system  Here s when Camerota jumped in and said  She said she didn t opt in. Lewandowski knew he was out of his league, but decided to just keep repeating himself. He continued: Look, it s possible. But the bottom line is that anybody who opted into the system voluntarily, and anybody can opt out at any time  Camerota just continued to shut him down with  She didn t opt in. Lewandowski was cornered but insisted    they can opt in or out of the system. Once more, Camerota said  But she didn t opt in. Lewandowski was visibly uncomfortable during the exchange, and he coped the only way he knew how   by acting aggressively toward a woman.You can watch the video below: Featured image is a screenshot",0
5643, Bill Maher Gets His Swagger On Over Liberal California Crushing ‘Failed State’ Kansas (VIDEO),"Bill Maher finished Friday s episode of Real Time by absolutely destroying the always-failed experiment that is Republican economics. It wasn t that hard, really. All he did was compare Kansas, a state controlled by far right lunatics, to California, a state that purged the Republican politicians that were strangling it:California raised taxes on the wealthy. A lot. And our economy is booming. We just passed France and India to become, all by ourselves, the world s 6th largest economy.How did California get its act together? Simple, they put Democrats in charge of EVERYTHING: Democrats, from governor on down, control every office and voting body in this state. So we can really study what happens when liberal policies are tried unimpeded. And the only thing I have to say to Republicans about that is: scoreboard, bitches. Meanwhile, deep red states like Kansas and Louisiana are doing great! If you re a billionaire:Whereas states like Kansas and Louisiana that went back to the ol  trickle down theory of  cut taxes on the rich and they ll always do the right  are a financial catastrophe.Here s the deliciously mean segment of Real Time:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf3Au_zpzMM]Featured image via screencap.",0
5644, RNC BANS Watchdog That Has Attended The GOP Convention EVERY YEAR Since 1996,"The Republican National Committee seems to be crumbling before His Royal Censorness, Donald Trump, even when it comes to barring unfriendly media outlets from the GOP convention. Open Secrets, a non-profit outlet that scrutinizes lobbyists, federal agencies, politicians of all stripes and more, can t get into the GOP convention this year, despite having gone every year for the past 20 years.They tweeted about it, asking if other non-profit outlets had experienced this problem and shining a nice, bright spotlight on the whole thing:We ve been denied press creds. by RNC, though we ve had them every convention back to  96. Any other nonprofit news orgs in the same boat?  OpenSecrets.org (@OpenSecretsDC) July 1, 2016Welcome to Donald Trump s world.Trumplestiltskin has banned at least nine media outlets from covering his rallies, including major ones like the Washington Post, The Huffington Post and Politico. He s also banned individual reporters from his rallies who work for a much larger range of outlets. They all seem to have a bad habit of making him look bad and, well, King Trump just can t have that.Trump is so sensitive to anyone that doesn t bow and scrape before his dirty little feet that he promised to open up libel laws so it s easier to sue the press and  win lots of money.  In other words, censorship. It s a wonder that Tea Partiers, who allegedly want a return to running the country according to the letter of the Constitution, actually support him given how he s openly threatened to tear up the First Amendment (and others, too).Trump also has a history of filing Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation, which is suing someone for exercising their First Amendment rights. It s ridiculously clear that he uses lawsuits as a weapon and a negotiating tool, and he also makes a point of suing anyone he doesn t like. As the GOP s standard-bearer, it s patently obvious that they re kowtowing to him.Open Secrets was allegedly barred because of space constraints. Viveca Novak, the editor of Open Secrets  money-in-politics blog, said that there was no process for appeal, and they re now stuck trying to cancel travel plans without losing too much money. FactCheck.org was initially denied credentials as well, but they got an appeal and succeeded, so what the hell?RNC communications director Kevin Spicer said that the credentialing process goes through the House and Senate press galleries. However, because Open Secrets is a non-profit, they re considered special press and must go through the RNC s special press director. Which is it, space or problems with the credentialing process? They can t get their story straight, and Novak poked them for it: Doesn t seem like it s for lack of space. https://t.co/y6PHJNlCZ6 https://t.co/pf4WvahOO2  Viveca Novak (@vjn) July 1, 2016The Hill has a story listing some of the prominent Republicans who aren t going to the convention this year because of Drumpf, and because of what he stands for. Bush the Greater, Bush the Lesser, and Bush the Least aren t going. John McCain isn t going. Mitt Romney likely isn t going either, even though it s traditional for past nominees to attend. Both John Kasich and Ted Cruz turned down opportunities to speak. And there s a whole host of delegates who won t be in attendance either.Of course, there is a very slim chance that the RNC is telling the truth about space and credentialing and Trump actually had nothing to do with this.Pathetically slim.So slim that it s virtually nonexistent.It s just way too coincidental that they d do this to an outlet that s attended their convention every year since 1996 while preparing to crown the very man that has openly said he wants to censor the press. They also don t have their story straight. Open Secrets will be allowed at the Democratic convention, though, so that s something. Just not the Republican one. Welcome to life under King Trump.Featured image by By WisPolitics.com, CC BY-SA 2.0, Commons",0
5645, Anti-Abortion Laws Collapse In Major Defeat For The Right,"The religious right s attempt to stop women from exercising their legal right to an abortion is facing its biggest setback in years. After realizing that national abortion laws are a no-go, especially with a Democratic president, conservatives have attempted to use their control of state governments in order to roll back women s rights.But the recent 5-3 Supreme Court decision in the case of Whole Woman s Health v. Hellerstedt found that many of the roadblocks erected by the religious right through the Republican Party have put an  undue burden  on women seeking abortion services, and have to be struck down.As a result, there is a wave of anti-choice legislation being undone.Since Monday, laws restricting abortion and non-abortion Planned Parenthood funding have already been temporarily or permanently wiped out in six states. The Center for Reproductive Rights filed a new case Friday challenging a whopping seven of Louisiana s new abortion restrictions. And on the heels of Whole Woman s Health, Planned Parenthood Federation of America announced an effort to pursue repealing laws in eight states through legislatures. (Even lawmakers hostile to abortion may prefer the less expensive option of repealing a law, rather than having to defend one that is unlikely to stand after the Supreme Court s decision.)Now, Republican lawmakers who had planned more abortion restrictions are being forced to put their plans on ice or give up on them completely. They no longer have a blank check for their attacks on women s rights.And the right has a problem nationally. While polls show voters believe in some restrictions on choice, most Americans believe that a woman has a right to abortion services. The support is even higher among women, and Republicans have ceased to be a majority in presidential elections largely thanks to votes from women. It is a losing case for them to be so opposed to abortion rights.In this year s election, Hillary Clinton has already been hammering Donald Trump on choice. Clinton of course supports abortion rights, while since the campaign began Trump has argued in favor of  punishment  for women who get abortions once they are outlawed (as the Republican Party platform calls for).The current Supreme Court vacancy will be key to future battles over abortion, as will vacancies that are likely to open up over the next four years, in large part due to the advanced age of several of the justices, including liberal stalwart Ruth Bader Ginsburg.Featured image via Flickr",0
5646," The Democratic Party Has Never Done This Before, And It’s A Big Victory For Human Rights","The draft version of the Democratic Party platform released on Friday evening contains a provision pushing for an end to the death penalty in America. It is something the party has never done before, even though it has fielded candidates opposed to the criminal punishment.Progressives are rightly pointing it out as a considerable move in the right direction.The latest draft of the party s platform, released Friday, says the death penalty  has proven to be a cruel and unusual form of punishment  that  has no place in the United States of America. The inclusion of the provision represents a victory of sorts for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders   a longtime opponent of the punishment who has said he is remaining in the presidential race in order to fight for progressive causes.Sanders offered mild praise for the platform Friday evening, tweeting,  The Democratic Platform includes some accomplishments that will begin to move this country in the right direction. The party platform is not binding, and presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton has not completely come out against the penalty. During the primary debates, Clinton said she believed it had  very limited use  in the case of the most extreme crimes, like terrorist attacks similar to 9/11.The inclusion of anti-death penalty language continues the forward momentum seen over the last few years in which several states have banned the practice.The United States is only one of 36 countries in the world that still has capital punishment. It is banned in 103 countries, and in another 50 countries it has not been used for 10 years while still remaining on the books.Executions have been trending downwards in America over the last few years. In 2009, 52 people were executed, dropping to 35 in 2014 and 28 in 2015. So far in 2016, 14 people have been executed in the United States with the most recent being Earl Forrest on May 11, 2016 in Missouri. Forrest killed two people in a drug dispute, then killed a sheriff s deputy in an ensuing shootout.Featured image via Flickr",0
5647," California Tells NRA To F*ck Off, Passes Several Gun Reforms","While the federal government is at a chronic standstill in dealing with gun violence, the largest state in the union is doing something about it. On Friday, California s governor, Jerry Brown, signed six bills into law that would make it harder for the wrong people to get guns.The bills would require background checks to buy ammunition and the purchase would be registered with the California Department of Justice. The term  assault rifle  will be broadened to include more guns, as assault rifles can only be loaned to family and magazines will be limited to 10 rounds or fewer. My goal in signing these bills is to enhance public safety by tightening our existing laws in a responsible and focused manner, while protecting the rights of law-abiding gun owners,  Brown said in a statement.Source: USA TodayBrown also vetoed some bills, including one that would make stealing a gun grand theft. That, Brown said,  proposes to add an initiative that is nearly identical to one which will already appear on the November 2016 ballot. He also vetoed a bill that expanded the definition of  firearm  to include the homemade kind. It also would have limited purchases of guns to one a month.  While well-intentioned, I believe this bill would have the effect of burdening lawful citizens who wish to sell certain firearms that they no longer need.  said Brown.The third vetoed bill would have allowed employers, coworkers, metal health workers and school workers to get restraining orders against gun violence. Currently, restraining orders are only available to family members when it comes to gun violence.The fourth would require gun theft victims to report to law enforcement within five days.  I continue to believe that responsible people report the loss or theft of a firearm and irresponsible do not,  Brown said.  It is not likely that this bill would change that. California currently has some of the toughest gun control laws in the nation. They work. The last time California passed major gun laws was in the early 1990s and the result has been dramatic.Gun violence across California dropped 56% from 5,500 gun deaths in 1993 to 2,935 in 2010, according to the study, which took into account California s expanded population from about 30 to 37 million people over the same period.Among all 50 states, California has perhaps the strongest gun control laws.  California is at the very top end of firearms regulation,  legal expert Bryan L. Ciyou and author of  Gun Laws By State  told msnbc.The current laws include a ban on military-style weapons and high-capacity magazines. There are also laws empowering law enforcement and adding safety requirements to handguns. The bills that Brown just signed will strengthen the laws that are currently on the books.Featured image via Justin Sullivan with Getty Images",0
5648, Jessica Williams Leaves The Daily Show With The Most Hilarious Trump Bashing Yet (VIDEO),"As many have been less than enthused with Trevor Noah taking over for Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, the show still held a tremendous amount of hilarious talent, especially in Jessica Williams. However, Comedy Central has just given her a show of her own, yet to be titled, and she s bidding farewell the late night show.In her final segment, Williams most definitely didn t hold back, and went directly after Donald Trump and those who support him. In particular, those who claim to be part of the  Bernie or Bust  movement who haven t quite caught on to the reality that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are far more alike than Trump and Bernie will ever be. Yet, there are still the folks who just won t vote for Hillary because of some reason or another, and Williams tore into them with a line of questioning that undoubtedly proved their stupidity.Some of the Bernie or Busters even claimed that they d rather eat the  turd  that is Donald Trump, than the  maybe-secret turd  that, according to them, is Hillary Clinton, because at least they know they re getting a turd.The logic is mind-numbing and actually very scary, because these people actually vote. Thankfully, Williams shows them their true colors while hilariously bashing Trump in the mean time. Well done.Watch Williams  brilliant final segment here:The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video Archive And here is the correspondent s final farewell:The Daily Show with Trevor Noah Get More: The Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on Facebook,The Daily Show Video ArchiveFeatured image via video screen capture",0
5649, WATCH: New Clinton Ad Brilliantly Goes After Trump’s Products That Are NOT ‘Made In The USA’,"If you listen to Donald Trump at any of his many rallies, you d think he made all of the products within his many, many product lines here in the good old U.S. of A. However, facts and reality tell a different story from the one currently pouring out of the orifice on the front of his face.As it turns out, Trump likes to save a few bucks himself and ship his manufacturing needs overseas. This, of course, killing jobs in the United States, but boosting jobs overseas. So, he s not lying when he says he ll put people to work, because he s been doing it in China, Peru, Bangladesh, etc. for years now. Too bad those jobs aren t here at home.Noticing the hypocrisy spewing out of Trump s mouth at nearly all of his rallies is none other than the Hillary Clinton campaign. They just put together a brilliant new ad that hilariously shows some Clinton staffers going and buying some Trump merchandise, because they re sure all of it must be made in America. However, it seems as if none of it was actually made in the U.S.A. as Trump likes to boast that s where goods should be made.If only he practiced what he preached.Watch the brilliantly hilarious attack ad here:So @jess_mc & @Zac_Petkanas went to Trump Tower, bought Trump swag & talked to voters about where it was made. Gold. https://t.co/SYT7CcIMwP  Ian Sams (@IanSams) July 1, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5650, WATCH: Fox Business Misses The Days Of Child Labor And No Minimum Wage,"Many new minimum wage increases took effect on Friday, and Fox was quick to lose their sh*t over it.Fox Business host Stuart Varney discovered that $15 minimum wage laws go into effect today in 15 cities across five states, and proceeded to wax nostalgic along with his panel of guests about the days when there were no minimum wage laws or child labor laws in this country.Panelist Tammy Bruce warned that it will a cause  a march towards robotics  as if robots taking over a jobs is something that s never happened before.  You re going to have kiosks that are going to be able to sell things to people,  she continued. This we ve learned from Seattle, and some other cities that have already implemented it, that jobs are lost. That this, it s   the burden is put on the back of other struggling people. You will fire individuals in order to maintain that the salary requirement of the others that you have there. And others, of course, are putting   fast-food places are putting in robotics, and kiosks, so you can order your own food. This is what s going to happen. In fact, the Seattle minimum wage increase has not caused the sky to fall as Bruce and her Fox colleagues have been claiming since it was first passed. Many workers are bringing home more money to pay bills and take care of their families. Prices for products have not shot up as conservatives warned and it s still too early to tell if the wage increase is slowing job growth.Varney then turned to WWE has-been John Layfield, who makes a living being a loudmouth on television. Layfield spoke from the nation of Bermuda, and giddily explained that Bermuda does not have a minimum wage and that children work for tips.LAYFIELD: There actually isn t a minimum wage here, right now. You see some of these young kids   I run a program for at-risk kids   down, sacking groceries, about age 12, and they work off tips. So there isn t actually a minimum wage here.BRUCE: That s how it used to be.LAYFIELD: And it actually works fine. The problem I have with this $15 minimum wage is why 15, because it looks good on a bumper sticker? You re not talking about fixing anything. Tie it to inflation, or a basket of wages, so you take it out of politics and union hands. That s all it is.Except that it s really not working fine. As it turns out, there is a significant income gap in Bermuda and poverty affects many locals because unskilled workers from overseas are willing to work for very little which means great wealth for those who don t have to pay their workers very much because there is no minimum wage law. And children are forced to help out by working for nothing more than the hope of a decent tip.But Varney continnued to whine about the wage increases here in the states because people in poverty will now be able to bring in $30,000 a year. Panelist Elizabeth McDonald complained because she thinks anyone in an  entry-level job  should be in poverty, even if they have a family to support. She even claimed that college tuition will go up because young workers are making more.VARNEY: $15 an hour, for a forty hour week, is $30,000 a year. I mean, what  ELIZABETH MACDONALD: It s supposed to be an entry-level job, it s not supposed to be a career. And, by the way, AWOL in this debate   when you have things in the [Obama] administration like raising overtime pay depending on the skill set, and minimum wages, watch out college tuition goes up.VARNEY: That s right, because of all those people who work minimum wage in the colleges. You ve got that right.Of course, college prices were going up long before the minimum wage increase came into being. But don t tell that to Fox Business. The truth will hurt their feelings, if they have any.Here s the video via Media Matters.The bottom line is that increasing the minimum wage is not only fair it helps the economy in general.Every year, corporate fat cats receive salary increases of millions of dollars while the workers who make the business successful see their wages stagnate. This forces many workers to apply for federal aid to make ends meet. Raising the wage helps workers take care of their families and makes it unnecessary for a lot of them to apply for aid. It also helps boost the local economy because workers will use their increased earnings to buy goods, thus pumping more dollars into area businesses that will use those extra profits to pay their own workers a higher wage and hire extra workers if there is more demand.In other words, Fox hosts are fearmongering again and if they had their way, Americans would work for pennies and children would work for even less.Featured image via screen capture",0
5651, Trump’s Ignorance Is Going To Turn The GOP Convention Into A World Class Clusterf*ck," In a little over two weeks, the Republican Party will hold its convention to, hypothetically, name Donald Trump as the official nominee. Conventions are usually three day long infomercials that whip up the base and kick off the tone of the campaign for the general public. They re masterpieces of propaganda with the agenda scheduled down to the minute.But that was before Donald Trump.With just a few days left before the big weekend, no one knows who is speaking, who is attending or, seriously, how much time Trump himself will spend at his own nomination:Much of the program remains in flux, including who will speak, how and when Mr. Trump will arrive, and what he will say when he does.And after months of promising that his convention would be special, and not  boring  like previous ones, Mr. Trump says he is now embracing a less-is-more approach.One thing there will be less of, which might come as a surprise to anyone expecting all the brashness and ubiquity of Trump branding, is the candidate himself.Trump is refusing to speak all three days of the convention. You know, HIS convention. Apparently he just can t be bothered. He s worried people will think he s  grandstanding.  Because Donald trump is all about moderation and humility. Said no one ever.But part of the problem, OK, MOST of the problem, is Trump himself. No one wants to be seen endorsing him and Trump literally has no idea what the hell he is doing:At one point, two aides confirmed, Mr. Trump was not even aware that the event had to be held in Cleveland, a decision made almost two years ago by the Republican National Committee.That s the kind of statement that drives Republican operatives to straight up alcoholism. Or suicide. Or both.Very few prominent Republicans have agreed to take the stage to support Trump and Trump, being the pettiest of men, has declared that he will try to block people like Ted Cruz and John Kasich from speaking unless they bend the knee to him, a most unlikely occurance.Trump is still promising to have big celebrity names at his coronation in lieu of big political names but he s become so toxic, it s hard to imagine anyone who is not already deeply ensconced in right wing culture showing up. Ted Nugent would happily get on stage to shout about guns and Muslims but his appeal is limited to inbred yokels and ammosexuals.On top of all of this, Trump still doesn t have much in the way of a campaign organization. He s just winging it and assuming his sheer awesomeness will win the day. But at this rate, his campaign, already on life support from his numerous gaffes, scandals and general idiocy, will be DOA out of the starting gate and it s not clear that Trump would be able to recover from the impending disaster his debut is shaping up to be.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5652, WATCH: Republican Senator Lashes Out At Trump Over This Bizarre Conspiracy Theory,"Republicans are starting to rally around their presumptive presidential nominee, Donald Trump, albeit grudingly. Top Republicans such as Paul Ryan have begun to settle into a middle ground where they will endorse Trump, yet speak out against his more racist and xenophobic remarks. That being said, there is still a large number of Republicans out there taking the #NeverTrump pledge.GOP Senator Mike Lee from Utah still has not endorsed Trump. In fact, he is speaking out against him. So much so that he recently launched an attack ad against the presumptive nominee. He has also spoken out against Trump during media interviews. In one recent interview with Newsmax, Lee laid out a small list of grievances against Trump.During the interview, Lee brought up the time that Trump accused Ted Cruz s father (Lee and Cruz are BFF s) conspiring to kill John F. Kennedy, exasperatingly telling Newsmax,  He said that. He actually said that.  The exchange came after the host kept insisting that Lee should endorse Trump: Well, we can get into that if you want. I mean we can get into the fact that he accused my best friend s father of conspiring to kill JFK,  Lee said.  We can go through the fact that he has made some statements that some have identified correctly as religiously intolerance. We can get into the fact that he is so unpopular because my sate consists of members who were a religious minority church   a people who were ordered exterminated by the governor of Missouri in 1839   and statements like that make them nervous. Now look, these things are not something that I couldn t get over if I heard the right things out of him. But if you want to go to why I have concerns, I can go on if you like. I hope I can get over these concerns. I hope Mr. Trump can help me identify them. But don t sit here and tell me Steve that I have no reason to be concerned about Donald Trump. Trump has made a lot of enemies in the Republican Party during his primary campaign run. Trump will not only have to fight off presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in the general election, but also the left of lite-fascist members of the Republican Party. Sit back and get some popcorn, Trump s going to have to fend off punches from both the left and the right from now until November.You can start by watching the interview with Lee below. Featured image from Leigh Vogel/Getty Images",0
5653, NC Governor Robs Disaster Relief Fund To Hire Lawyers To Defend Trans Bathroom Bill,"Can you put a price on bigotry? North Carolina Republicans just did. It s $500,000.North Carolina is a state precariously placed in the danger zones of both hurricanes and tornadoes. It s suffered its fair share of disastrous floods. It s warm enough to be a fertile ground for the mosquitoes experts warn could be spreading the devastating Zika virus. So it s more than just a little crazy that Republican Governor Pat McCrory announced that he would be robbing his state s own disaster relief fund to pay for the defense of his illegal trans bathroom bill.Led by McCrory, state Republicans have diverted half a million dollars from the state s  Emergency Response and Disaster Relief  fund and say they will use it to hire lawyers to fight tooth-and-nail against the federal government which has deemed the anti-trans bill known as HB2 unconstitutional. Considering how obvious it is that this violates the Civil Rights Act, the money will serve only to delay the inevitable for as long as possible.The law has already cost the state tens of millions of dollars in lost business, boycotts, and bad press. Adding the $500,000 is only going to make things worse. This is particularly dire because the fight against the Zika virus continues to go unfunded at the federal level. A recent bill proposed by Republicans to give some of the funds was shot down by Democrats after they insisted on including an amendment to defund Obamacare. The premise, to take away millions of Americans health insurance during the outbreak of a potential health epidemic was, to put it lightly, repugnant on every level.So rather than get serious at a state level, North Carolina decided to defund itself. It will now head into the eye of the Zika storm with a pitiable amount of money to combat it. Instead, they will pay for a few lawyers to ensure trans people are victimized for just a few months longer. If that doesn t say it all, I don t know what does.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5654, Thanks Obama! The 99 Percent Are Doing Better Than In 17 Years,"The very cornerstone of Bernie Sanders  campaign is income inequality, and there s a very good reason for that. The statistics are mind-blowing. After all, those in the top one percent make 184 times those in the bottom 90 percent. Yes, it s that bad, but for the first time in 17 years, the bottom 90 percent have seen some gains. Unfortunately, the top 1 percent have seen more gains.The top 1 percent income earners in the United States hit a new high last year, according to the latest data from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The bottom 99 percent of income earners registered the best real income growth (after factoring in inflation) in 17 years, but the top one percent did even better. The latest IRS data show that incomes for the bottom 99 percent of families grew by 3.9 percent over 2014 levels, the best annual growth rate since 1998, but incomes for those families in the top 1 percent of earners grew even faster, by 7.7 percent, over the same period.Source: Equitable GrowthThat might sound like a mixed bag, and it certainly is, but it does mark the first time since the Clinton administration where those who are struggling have seen real growth. Since the beginning of the 2009 recession, those below the top 10 percent have been seeing anemic 1.1 percent growth.While this news is pretty good, it s not great. To this day, the non-wealthy have only recovered 60 percent of lost wealth from the Great Recession. Things have been much, much better for those at the top:Income inequality in the United States persists at extremely high levels, particularly at the very top of the income ladder. Figure 1 shows that the incomes (adjusted for inflation) of the top 1 percent of families grew from $990,000 in 2009 to $1,360,000 in 2015, a growth of 37 percent. In contrast, the incomes of the bottom 99 percent of families grew only by 7.6 percent from $45,300 in 2009 to $48,800 in 2015. As a result, the top 1 percent of families captured 52 percent of total real income growth per family from 2009 to 2015 while the bottom 99 percent of families got only 48 percent of total real income growth. This uneven recovery is unfortunately on par with a long-term widening of inequality since 1980, when the top 1 percent of families began to capture a disproportionate share of economic growth.With Sanders all but out of the race, our attentions have to turn to what Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump might do to correct the problem.Trump plans very little, other than tax breaks for people making less than $25,000 a year. That does little to solve income inequality, but it could take enough money from the IRS that Republicans could claim that we, as taxpayers, can no longer afford food stamps or health care supplements.Clinton s plan is to raise the minimum wage to $12 an hour, middle class green job creation, small business incentives, college assistance and tax assistance.Of course, don t look for any real improvements in income inequality until the Supreme Court rules that corporations are no longer people. Donald Trump is not going to give us that Supreme Court. Hillary Clinton vows that she will.Featured image via Alex Wong at Getty Images.",0
5655," Angry That Benghazi Panel Couldn’t Bury Hillary, Right-Wing Nuts Hilariously Turn On Trey Gowdy","The House Select Committee on Benghazi, which was actually just an attempt to smear Hillary Clinton all over the sidewalk, has pretty much concluded, and they found exactly nothing. Republicans should all hang their heads in shame and leave it alone now, particularly the conspiracy theorists. They aren t, though. Betrayed, the right-wing conspiracy nutballs are turning their anger over Benghazi to Trey Gowdy.Trey Gowdy, who was supposed to deliver a verdict that Benghazi happened because of Hillary, all wrapped up in a neat little package and tied off with a pretty pink bow. Trey Gowdy, who was supposed to be the only one who could successfully investigate Benghazi (because the other zillion investigations likewise turned up nothing and Republicans weren t satisfied with that). Trey Gowdy, who was supposed to be able to turn the heat up so high on Hillary and everyone else that they d crack under the strain and spill everything.Trey Gowdy, who is now disgraced in the eyes of Republicans and Democrats alike, albeit for very different reasons.Michael Savage, a far-right wing radio host that pushes conspiracy nonsense, actually said: Trey Gowdy should be impeached for wasting my time! He promised us a lot! Remember? He totally forgot the fact that members of Congress can t be impeached, they can just be kicked out entirely. That little tidbit aside, it was the House that voted for a new investigation and put Gowdy in charge. Shouldn t they all be thrown out now for wasting two years and millions of taxpayer dollars? Not to side with Gowdy here, but he hardly acted alone.The Citizens  Commission on Benghazi, which is made up primarily of right-wing douchecanoes looking for anything they can find to topple Hillary, is likewise angry with Gowdy. During a meeting, retired Admiral James Lyons said: Chairman Gowdy is not a stenographer. . . . He was there to make findings and conclusions. He had the information. He copped out, which is consistent that we ve seen with all our congressional leadership. Retired General Thomas McInerney is likewise wheeling around on Gowdy: [T]he American people want to know from a group that spent almost two years on it what the conclusions are. That s what we pay you for, Mr. Gowdy. But perhaps the silliest, most ridiculous moment came when a woman from the crowd at that meeting asked a truly out-there question: Has someone in the GOP leadership gotten their fingers involved in watering down some of this to benefit Secretary Clinton? Because she can t possibly be innocent. They know things. Nobody on this commission argued that question.In fact, that less-than-reputable group has put together its own report  full of inventive accusations,  as the Washington Post s Dana Milbank put it. This report claims to know that Obama and Hillary both are in bed with al Qaeda, that the U.S. government submitted to Islamic law on slander, and that the Obama administration switched sides in the War on Terror.And since Gowdy couldn t deliver what they wanted in an official report, he s now solely to blame for the failure of what was supposed to be the investigation that would finally prove Hillary guilty. This is absolutely hilarious.Gowdy s career will probably end in disgrace. It s hard to feel sorry for him, though. He did everything he could, no matter how dishonest or unethical it was, to help the GOP bury Hillary.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5656," Trump Gets Busted For Using $12,000 Of Charity Funds To Buy Sports Memorabilia For Himself","It s illegal to use money meant for charity to purchase stuff for yourself and it looks like Donald Trump definitely broke the law.In 2012, the Republican nominee participated in a bidding war over an autographed Tim Tebow football helmet and eventually won with a bid of $12,000. Clearly, Trump overpaid for the item.The auction was in support of the Susan G. Komen Foundation, which suffered a serious backlash the same year when it tried to take funding away from Planned Parenthood in protest of abortion, thus depriving women of breast cancer screenings that the money paid for. The ensuing outrage forced the Komen organization to reinstate the funding.The Koman Foundation lost a lot of support over the scandal but Donald Trump pumped $12,000 into the organization for a worthless helmet. There normally wouldn t be a problem with that. After all people can spend their money on anything they want. But Trump didn t personally pay for the helmet himself. Instead, he took funds out of his own charity to pay for it.That s right. Trump did not pay for the item with a single dime of his own personal fortune. He used money donated by other people to his Donald Trump Foundation to make the purchase.Well, the Washington Post consulted some tax experts to find out if Trump broke the law and this is what they had to say: That would be a classic violation of the prohibition on a charity being operated for the private inurement (benefit) of the charity s creator,  wrote Brett G. Kappel, an expert on tax-exempt organizations at the Akerman law firm in Washington. The Trump Foundation does not appear to have offices of its own. It is headquartered at Trump s business offices in New York and has no full-time staff.The best case for Trump, experts said, would be if he had given the helmet and jersey away to another charity, perhaps to be auctioned off at another fundraiser. If   the foundation paid for it, and they owned the helmet, and the helmet was given to someone as a charitable activity,  that would be enough, said John Edie, now retired, who was the longtime general counsel at the Council on Foundations.Edie said Trump could not get off the hook by simply giving the memorabilia to a friend. Spending $12,000 for a helmet and then giving it to a golfing buddy is not  charity, Edie said.In short, Trump is clearly hiding his tax returns for a reason or multiple reasons that could seriously damage his already sinking campaign. And by the way, the man who claims to be great at making deals clearly failed to see the bad deal he was making when he bought a football helmet signed by a guy who couldn t hack it in the NFL. The Washington Post reports that Trump s $12,000 memorabilia is now only worth just over $400 today. And if you ask me, that price is still too high.Featured Image: Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
5657, Trump Supporter: Fire All The ‘Hibi-Jabis’ From The TSA (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric has been the focal point of his campaign, and he is showing no signs of stopping that trend at all. Further,  he has stirred it up in his ignorant supporters, and they are lapping it up. One woman at Trump s New Hampshire rally on Thursday, though, took it to a new level when she told Trump that he should fire TSA workers on the basis of their Muslim faith. The way she made this statement, though, was stunningly ignorant   though nobody should really be surprised at the ignorance of any Trump supporter at this point.The woman stood up and first thanked Trump for his helping veterans (this lady really needs to get her information elsewhere, seriously), and then said to Trump: Get rid of all these hibi-jabis they wear at TSA. I ve seen them myself. Instead of correcting this lady s ignorant, offensive statement, Trump told her,  we re looking at that.  So, the latest in the amazingly long line of offensive statements Donald Trump has made, he is now saying that he will fire TSA workers for being Muslim. Nevermind the fact that it is illegal to fire people on the basis of religion, of course. Trump has already said that he plans on engaging in religious and racial profiling, so, sadly, this is no surprise.The level of ignorance of one s supporters definitely reflects that of the candidate.Watch this stunning display below, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images",0
5658," Unarmed Black Man Tortured, Maimed, Then Executed By Mississippi Cop (VIDEO)","On the night of June 18, Tupelo, Mississippi police officer Tyler Cook pulled over a vehicle for what authorities say was a  routine traffic stop. Minutes later, Ronnie Shumpert, a 37-year-old Black father of five, was brutalized, maimed and tortured by that officer. Then he was shot dead.It was 9:38 pm when officer Cook pulled over the vehicle Shumpert was driving. The car belonged to his friend, Charles Foster. Foster was with Shumpert in the car. He witnessed much of what happened that night.Shumpert had a felony warrant for his arrest, yet there s no way the officer could have known that at the time of the traffic stop. He was never ID d. The car he was driving was not registered in his name. To officer Cook, he was just another Black man behind the wheel of a car.As soon as Cook pulled the car over Shumpert ran. Officer Cook pursued him with a police canine.According to witnesses, Shumpert was hiding underneath a house when Cook found him.Police say he immediately attacked the officer and the dog. Witnesses say otherwise. Foster and others say Shumpert immediately tried to surrender, but Cook turned the dog loose on the unarmed man. It attacked his groin, ripping off his testicles.Autopsy photos show that there were deep gashes across his body. Several of Shumpert s teeth were knocked out, others were shoved into his gums.By this time Ronnie Shumpert was likely bleeding out from a gash so large  you could fit a baseball in it.  His testicles had been shredded by a vicious attack dog and he was suffering from devastating facial wounds. Yet Cook claims that the unarmed father was still a threat. That s why he had to execute him.According to Foster, less than five minutes passed before officer Cook shot Shumpert dead. He fired four shots. Three bullets ripped through Ronnie Shumpert s chest. A fourth bullet entered his stomach.Police say it was ten minutes before an ambulance was called. The nearest hospital was less than a minute away. Video from the night of the lynching shows an ambulance arriving one hour after Cook fired his weapon.Officer Cook has had excessive force complaints filed against him before. The most recent complaint was filed less than two months ago.According to Tupelo s white city attorney, Ben Logan, any accusations of racial profiling, police brutality and corruption in connection with the death of Ronnie Shumpert are  just ridiculous. During a press conference held on June 27, Logan showed no concern over the nature and extent of Shumpert s injuries. Instead, he accused the dead man s family of being  instigators,  claiming that their cries for justice are  endangering the peace of the community. Rather than being upset over the brutal torture and unjustifiable death of an unarmed Tupelo resident, Logan went on to stress that he is  upset  about statements made by the Shumpert family attorney, Carlos Moore, saying they shine a  bad light  on attorneys.Moore is calling on the Department of Justice to investigate the death of Ronnie Shumpert, as well as the  entire Tupelo police department.  The family is demanding that officer Cook be immediately terminated from the police force. They also want the canine that bit off Ronnie Shumpert s testicles retired immediately.Shumpert s family is also seeking answers from the police department. Some of the questions are about officer Cook s history and length of time on the force. They also want to know why the first ambulance arrived on the scene an hour after Ronnie Shumpert was shot.Aside from these demands, Moore is calling for the establishment of an independent citizen s review board to oversee accusations of police brutality and excessive force in Tupelo.Tupelo police are not equipped with body cameras. That s not acceptable in 2016.As reported by the Atlanta Black Star, New York Daily News and other media outlets, this was a modern day lynching. Out of sight of cameras, Officer Cook allowed his canine to mutilate Ronnie Shumpert in the most brutal way possible.Witness testimony shows that Shumpert was trying to surrender when Officer Cook and the canine attacked him. Autopsy photos demonstrate that after being brutalized by Cook and his attack dog, he was defenseless at the time the officer opened fire on him.Moore, accompanied by Ronnie Shumpert s family, held a press conference on June 27.Here s video from both the Shumpert family s press conference and the press conference held by Tupelo city attorney, Ben Logan, courtesy of Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal on YouTube. Image credit: Shumpert family photo",0
5659," Bill Maher Brutally Mocks Trump On Facebook, Hilarity Ensues (SCREENSHOTS)","Donald trump is lonely these days. Several prominent conservatives and other assorted right-wing loonies have decided that Trump is just a bit too insane and racist for them to associate with. The Koch brothers, Mia Love, Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush and a rapidly growing list of figures representing the Stupid Part of America have bowed out, refusing to share a building with their nominee.Trump has trouble getting anyone to attend, let along speak at his convention. Everyone has to make their own choice, but at this point, 70 percent of the American public doesn t like Donald Trump. That s as toxic as we ve seen in American politics,  said Stuart Stevens, a Republican strategist who was partially responsible for the 2012 GOP convention. Normally, people want to speak at national conventions. It launched Barack Obama s political career. Naturally, the repulsion felt by Trump s own party is too much for comedian Bill Maher to resist. Friday morning, Maher decided to poke a bit of fun at The Donald. Wow  # Trump  cant get anyone to show up at his convention!  Maher said.  I m sure this isn t the first time he hasn t been able to make someone come. Goodnight! Then the denizens of Facebook joined in, having quite a bit of fun at Trump s expense:          Unfortunately for Trump, they re probably all right. Not only is the 2016 GOP nominee encountering difficulties getting people to  come  to his convention, he has tiny hands and tiny other stuff that he felt the need to embarrass the country by spending months offering defenses for them. Since he is a detestable, orange, racist xenophobe with a penchant for douchebaggery, he probably didn t do the other thing either.Unfortunately, it seems like Trump is not going to be successful in unifying his party or pleasing a woman at any point in the near future. Here s a video of Maher mocking Trump, just because:Featured image via Getty Images/Christopher Polk",0
5660, Naked Man Rants About Trump In Times Square,"We all know that Trump supporters are crazy, but a man in New York City s Times Square took it to a whole other level on Thursday. The clearly disturbed man is NYC s 21-year-old Krit McClean. He was reportedly shouting about Donald Trump at the top of a ledge, and was completely naked. Authorities and bystanders stared as he blew kisses at the crowd that stopped to watch the show, and was shouting, Donald Trump where are you! It all started when McClean took to the Square early Thursday morning, stripped naked in front of a Disney Store near 46th street, removed the watch from his wrist, hurled it at a nearby woman, and began shouting incoherently. A security guard told McClean to get dressed, but the order was ignored. He also was combative when police arrived, shouting Get that bitch Debbie, I want to talk to Debbie!  After that, McClean said he needed to meet with Trump.Then, McClean was atop a 16 foot ledge shouting,  Donald Trump where are you, Donald Trump where the f  are you?!  Officers on the scene report that he was grabbing and waving his private parts at them, did some sort of dance, and then jumped from the ledge, but unfortunately missed the safety apparatus that first responders had down below for him, and hit the pavement instead. He was carted off to Bellevue, a psychiatric institution in New York City, and is reportedly in stable condition.Now, this man is clearly mentally ill, but I find it very telling that he appears to be obsessed with Donald Trump, even in the middle of some kind of psychotic break. That isn t to make fun of McClean, of course. It s just a very interesting connection. May he make a full recovery.Featured image via DNA Info",0
5661, NBA Politely Tells North Carolina To F*ck Right Off Over The ‘Fix’ For Their Bathroom Law,"North Carolina is in a world of trouble. Their bathroom law, which tells transgender people that they must use the bathroom of the gender on their birth certificate, has led to businesses fleeing or avoiding the state so they don t sully their own brands. That includes the NBA and the 2017 All-Star Game, which forced the state s legislature to come up with a  fix  so they could keep the All-Star game.The All-Star Game was supposed to be in Charlotte next year. Charlotte wants to be friendly, compassionate and inclusive, and they re upset with the state legislature overriding the law they put in place that allowed transgender people to use the bathroom that went with their gender identity without making them feel like they have to produce documentation just to take a piss. The NBA feels the same way, and issued the following statement on the matter:.@NBA and the Charlotte Hornets come out swinging against #HB2, saying they re not pleased with the amended version: pic.twitter.com/OHNwAJbhCg  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 30, 2016 We have been engaged in dialogue with numerous groups at the city and state levels, but we do not endorse the version of the bill that we understand is currently before the legislature. We remain committed to our guiding principles of inclusion, mutual respect and equal protections for all. We continue to believe that constructive engagement with all sides is the right path forward. There has been no new decision made regarding the 2017 NBA All-Star Game. Well, isn t that a nice way of saying,  You re still a bunch of bigots, now kindly go fuck yourselves. The  fix  is actually no fix at all, and it does reveal North Carolina s GOP as the stodgy bigots they are. It actually makes things worse. Transgender people have to obtain a  certificate of sex reassignment  in order to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity. Imagine all the hoops they ll have to jump through just to get that certificate. Then there are all the transgender people who haven t yet had, or aren t able to (for whatever reason) have reassignment surgery. This fix doesn t include them at all.The GOP thinks they re playing both sides though   anything to be able to continue policing people s genitals and dictating where they can pee while ignoring real problems and avoiding real work.The problem is that these hidebound Neanderthals in Republican legislatures want to eat their cake and have it, too. They re either discriminating or they re not   there s no two ways about it. North Carolina wants to appease the LGBT community and all their allies while still being able to push them down. Give it up, N.C.Featured image by Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images",0
5662, Head Of Homeland Security Destroys Ted Cruz For Asking Extremely Dumb Question At Hearing (VIDEO),"The head of the Department of Homeland Security was at a Judiciary Committee hearing on Capitol Hill when, after enduring a lengthy rant about Muslims from Sen. Ted Cruz, he finally had enough. As Cruz checked the boxes off on his Islamophobia checklist, he wound up asking the same stupid question repeatedly to DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson: Why is the White House refusing to use the term  radical Islam? As national security issues go, this one is somewhere around the bottom of the priority list. As has been repeatedly pointed out by military and foreign policy experts, the term  radical Islam  doesn t do a single thing to stop terrorism, while at the same time playing directly into the hands of terrorist groups like ISIS. As a rule, presidents don t like to engage in that terminology precisely because it works to undermine the fight against global terrorism. Ted Cruz might even dimly recall how the last Republican president, George W. Bush, also didn t like to lump all Muslims into the category of  terrorists.  Even he understood that it was self-defeating. Americans understand we fight not a religion,  [George Bush] said.  Ours is not a campaign against the Muslim faith. Ours is a campaign against evil. Although [Bush and Obama] have taken very different approaches to combating terrorism, it s strikingly hard to tell the difference between their statements on the divide between the majority of those who practice Islam and those who invoke the faith to carry out violence. There are thousands of Muslims who proudly call themselves Americans, and they know what I know   that the Muslim faith is based upon peace and love and compassion,  Bush once said.Americans might understand that, but Ted Cruz apparently didn t.At the hearing, Cruz demanded to know if President Obama or anyone else in the White House had intentionally removed  references to radical Islamic terrorism.  After several times rebuking Cruz, Johnson finally snapped. Senator, I find this whole debate to be very interesting, but I have to tell you, when I was at the Department of Defense giving the legal sign off on a lot of drone strikes I didn t particularly care if the baseball card said  Islamic extremist  or  violent extremist . I think this is very interesting, but it makes no difference to me in terms of who we need to go after. And who is determined to attack our homeland. As Secretary Johnson reminded Cruz, the war against groups like ISIS won t be won by semantics. The airstrikes are real. The fighting on the ground (often times most heavily supported by Muslim nations) is real. The words a blustering Ted Cruz wants to use aren t. But Johnson wasn t down twisting the knife. The other point I d like to make is that I have to think in practical terms in Homeland Security. I think this is all very interesting, makes for good political debate, but in practical terms, if we in our efforts here in the homeland start giving the Islamic State the credence that they want   to be referred to as part of Islam or some form of Islam   we will get nowhere in our efforts to build bridges with Muslim communities. In other words: Stop grandstanding, Ted. Take a seat and shut up.Watch Sec. Johnson make mincemeat of Cruz below:Featured image via YouTube",0
5663, Bystander Uses Baseball Bat To Stop Man From Crushing Toddler’s Head ‘For God’ (VIDEO),"A two-year old girl is in critical condition after sustaining severe injuries at a Clark County, Washington hotel on Tuesday. If not for the actions of another hotel patron, however, she likely would be dead.Don Gilbert was in his own hotel room on Tuesday night when he says he heard a loud crash. Gilbert looked out the window and realized that the man in the room next door, Kyle Holder, had just thrown his small daughter through the hotel window.Gilbert saw Holder throw the two-year-old onto the ground and then step on her head.During an interview with KHOU, Gilbert described what happened next: I reached behind my door and grabbed my baseball bat and chased him onto the street. I hit him once in the back. He had the baby by the feet, took her to the curb and slammed her down. That s when I cracked him the in skull three or four times. He went on to say: He was just babbling about how God is coming for everyone and he has to get the evil out of the daughter. He kept coming every time I moved between him and the baby. He d charge me and I d swing the bat. Police arrived on the scene after someone called 911 to report a disturbance involving a man with a bat.According to Sgt. Fred Nieman of the Clark County Sheriff s Office, Holder was  out of control.  Officers tased him before taking him into custody.Holder was taken to a nearby hospital by ambulance. On the way to the hospital he reportedly said: I did not want to kill her, but I had to I knew I had to crush her head. He made a similar comment at the hospital, saying: I had to hold my daughter and crush her head so she could go up to the sky. According to the child s mother, she and the girl were sleeping in the hotel room when Holder rushed in and began the attack. Here s more on this story from KHOU.Featured image via video screen capture KHOU",0
5664, Trump Makes ANOTHER Racist Joke About Mexicans And It’s Worse Than Ever (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has been making racist comments about the Hispanic population since the beginning of his campaign, and no matter how much heat he gets for it, it s becoming clear that he has absolutely no intention of stopping. This afternoon, Trump made yet another racist joke about Mexicans, and it s just as disrespectful and disgusting as his comments about Mexican immigrants being  rapists  and  drug dealers. At his rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump made a truly distasteful joke when his speech was momentarily interrupted by a plane flying overhead. Trump had just been gushing about how Mexico s leaders were  so much smarter  than America s (clearly taking a swipe at President Barack Obama) when he was suddenly inspired by the plane. He began: I respect Mexico, and I respect their leaders. What they ve done to us is incredible. Their leaders are so much smarter, so much sharper, and it s incredible. As the plane went by, Trump pointed up at the plane and joked: In fact, that could be a Mexican plane up there, they re getting ready to attack. Barely anyone laughed and Trump got on with his speech, having completed his task of assuring America that he will always be a bigot, no matter how much backlash he receives for it.You can watch Trump reignite his love for racism and xenophobia in the video below, via NBC News:Video: Trump sees a plane overhead, says  That could be a Mexican plane up there they re getting ready to attack.  https://t.co/ryWXqnrMgx  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 30, 2016One thing is for sure   if Trump becomes President of the United States, the leaders of Mexico that Trump has praised so much won t be returning the favor. Thanks to his racist comments and his offensive border wall (which he insisted Mexico is going to pay for), the former President of Mexico Vicente Fox HATES Trump with a passion and hasn t been shy about it. Surely, he can t be the only leader in Mexico that feels this way.Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images",0
5665, Trump’s $45 Million Loan Is The Latest Way He’s Fleecing His Campaign For Money,"Donald Trump s campaign might be close to broke, and he might be doing highly illegal things to try and keep it afloat, but evidence has also been mounting that he s using this election as a means of profit. The $45 million worth of debt the campaign has is apparently personal loans he made, and he can convert them to donations, effectively wiping out the campaign s debt.He d have to file paperwork with the FEC, though, and so far, that hasn t happened. NBC wasn t able to get much out of his campaign about this, with spokesperson Hope Hicks saying they re going to file it with the next scheduled FEC report. She had originally said that they were going to file it last week.Until that paperwork is filed, though, this is another way for him to line his pockets with pieces of silver. While that loan is still a loan, he can use new campaign donations to reimburse himself. The law gives him until August to do this, so he can milk this for all it s worth and nobody can do a thing about it.Trumplestiltskin is such an upstanding candidate.GOP donors are squirrelly about this because they want assurances that their money isn t going into Trump s personal coffers. The problem is, until he files that paperwork, there can t be any assurances, and His Royal Crookedness will find other ways of funneling those donations to his not-inconsiderable bank accounts anyway.Earlier this week, USA Today, which seems to have made it their mission to scrutinize every single thing Trump does, reported that just two percent of the GOP donors that supported Mitt Romney four years ago have contributed to Trump in any way. Some blame his late start in courting GOP donors, but the truth is, many of them are just too hesitant to give money to him.All he has to do is file a signed statement and reflect the change in accounting on his next filing. It s not like it s that hard. Trump s campaign said that this was a done deal and yet, it isn t. Why wouldn t they just tell the truth from the get-go, and say that they ll do it with the next monthly filing, instead of a special statement? The answer s pretty clear, given what Trump has been doing with his businesses and his campaign finances. He s in it for the profit, and he will profit in any way he can.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5666," According To Employees, Trump Often Spied On Mar-A-Lago’s Guest’s Phone Calls","If the way Donald Trump reportedly ran the Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach is any indication, if he wins, he will be taking full advantage of every spy agency in his charge, just for his own agenda.According to six former employees at the resort, Trump had a telephone console in his room that allowed him to tap into every single phone in the place. He often listened in on staff calls, but he could also listen in on guest calls, although the GOP frontrunner s spokeswoman denies it.According to Buzzfeed, who spoke to six former employees, four of whom spoke under the condition of anonymity because of non-disclosure agreements, this is indeed true. Those four said he listened in, from the private room he keeps, during the mid-2000s.They said he listened in on calls between club employees or, in some cases, between staff and guests. None of them knew of Trump eavesdropping on guests or members talking on private calls with people who were not employees of Mar-a-Lago. They also said that Trump could eavesdrop only on calls made on the club s landlines and not on calls made from guests  cell phones.Each of these four sources said they personally saw the telephone console, which some referred to as a switchboard, in Trump s bedroom.None of the four supports Trump s bid for president. All said they enjoyed their time working at Mar-a-Lago.The two other employees did not wish to remain anonymous. They are Trump s former butler (the one who wants Obama killed) and Trump s former security director, both of whom support Trump s run for president, said that the console was only to make phone calls.Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, is running at a time when Americans are increasingly concerned about surveillance   both by the government and by their employers. Some of his own campaign staff feared that their offices in Trump Tower in New York might be bugged, the New York Times reported last month. Trump has backed the NSA s bulk collection of metadata, telling conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt that  I tend to err on the side of security.  Trump added,  I assume when I pick up my telephone people are listening to my conversations anyway, if you want to know the truth. If Trump was listening in on guests  calls, that was certainly a violation of Florida law. The law is less clear on calls involving employees, but since both parties in Florida need to be notified, if the second party is not an employee, that is legally murky at best.This accusation is frightening. I have always been of the opinion that Trump is running for the job of dictator, hence his admiration of Putin and Kim Jong Un. This does not bode well. All I can say is I hope Hillary Clinton s offices are locked down tight or we ll have another Watergate on our hands.Featured image via John Moore at Getty Images.",0
5667, WATCH: Canadian Parliament Teaches Republicans How President Obama Should Be Treated,"Canada is going to miss President Obama when he leaves office just as much as most Americans will.But before that happens, the Canadian Parliament took many moments on Wednesday to show Republicans how President Obama deserves to be treated.President Obama was a guest of our northern neighbor to attend a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto to discuss the topics of trade and defense.During a speech delivered to the Canadian Parliament, President Obama spoke of the common bond between Canadians and Americans and envisioned the continued strength of that relationship in the future. We see ourselves in each other and our lives are richer for it. The enduring partnership between Canada and the United States is as strong as it has ever been and we are more closely aligned than ever before. And President Obama felt more adulation and love within the Canadian Parliament than he has ever felt from the hostile Republicans who control Congress.Throughout his remarks, President Obama received multiple standing ovations and several chants of  four more years  even though he is restricted to two terms by the 22nd Amendment of the Constitution.It s the kind of treatment of the Commander-in-Chief that Republicans have refused to do themselves over the last eight years because of their open racism and hatred.Indeed, Republicans have never treated President Obama with the respect and dignity the office deserves.That was never more clear than in 2009 when South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson screamed  You lie!  at President Obama in the middle of the State of the Union Address.It was a disgraceful moment in the history of Congress and in the history of the Republican Party.And while Canadian lawmakers would love to see President Obama serve another term in the White House, conservatives are paranoid to the point of stocking up on weapons just in case he somehow manages to circumvent the Constitution. Hell, Republicans even refuse to acknowledge that President Obama is still the leader of this country for another six months. They were already calling him a lame duck president in February when they refused to hold confirmation hearings for anyone Obama nominates to replace deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. It s like they believe a presidency ends after seven years instead of eight.Beyond that disrespectful treatment, President Obama has had to put up with unprecedented obstruction and racism from the GOP, not to mention endless investigations in an effort to find any kind of scandal they can make stick so they can discredit him. In addition, Republicans have called him an arrogant tyrant and just about every name in the book.You will never see Republicans in Congress treat President Obama with respect and admiration.But the Canadian Parliament did just that on Wednesday to show Americans how this president should be treated.Here s the video via Twitter.They are shouting  four more years!  pic.twitter.com/Geg2NXWYfF  Roberta Rampton (@robertarampton) June 29, 2016And here s Obama s full speech via YouTube:One day Republicans will regret the way they treated President Obama, especially since he has been one of the best leaders this country has elected to the office. His place in history is assured while Republicans will always be regarded as the villains against progress who kept him from being an even greater leader.Featured Image: YouTube",0
5668, Foreign Leaders To Team Trump: Quit Begging Us For Money For Your ‘Repugnant’ Campaign (TWEETS),"Just when you didn t think the Trump campaign could sink any lower, it does. Twitter lit up on Wednesday evening, because it appears that lawmakers from numerous countries have been being spammed with emails from the Trump camp begging for campaign donations. None of them are too happy about this. First, British MP s tweeted out their frustrations and outrage regarding this, and many referenced the horrifying nature of Donald Trump s campaign trail rhetoric. Australian Parlimentarian Tim Watts tweeted the fact that it was MP s from bunches of countries that were on the receiving end of the Trump fundraising email assault to TPM s Josh Marshall:@joshtpm @PatrickRuffini from what I can see, every Australian MP too. Even the left wing ones #ImWithHer  Tim Watts MP (@TimWattsMP) June 29, 2016Can you give us just roughest sense of how many youve received? 5? 10? 25? 50? https://t.co/qZoK0VV0aQ  Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) June 29, 2016After that, Joanne Ryan, also of the Australian Parliament, tweeted the following and indicated she would be deleting:@TimWattsMP maybe it's a Westy thing. Me too. Just what I need popping up in the inbox. #swiplefttodelete  Joanne Ryan MP (@JoanneRyanLalor) June 24, 2016It s not just British and Australian MP s either. Parliament members from Iceland,  Denmark and Finland report the same.@jensschott @joshtpm yes pic.twitter.com/2CJ6MO8hMx  Ida Auken (@IdaAuken) June 29, 2016.@joshtpm @TPM   Spam mail also received by MP:s in Finland.  Anders Adlercreutz (@adleande) June 29, 2016They are also angering our Canadian friends with this begging spam as well, and former Canadian Prime Minister Kim Campbell tweeted:Rec'd a fundraising email from Trump campaign! Says it is their first. Aside from fact I am Cdn, clearly they don't follow me on Twitter!1/2  Kim Campbell (@AKimCampbell) June 21, 2016Trump fundraising letter said it wd match funds if I donated w/in 48 hours- (and wd give me a big discount on the Brooklyn Bridge! )2/2  Kim Campbell (@AKimCampbell) June 21, 2016It seems that team Trump did not heed the week s earlier warnings from UK officials to cease and desist with the email spam. Several lawmakers in the United Kingdom tweeted their aggravation. The best, though was from Natalie McGarry, who actually took the time to respond to Donald Trump, Jr., who it seems sent the email. She was kind enough to tweet images of both the email and her absolutely awesome response:May be Donald Trump bought lists   bizarre for grassroots campaign   but how does he opt out of foreign donations? pic.twitter.com/jVwfdFnI6U  Natalie McGarry MP (@NatalieMcgarry) June 27, 2016McGarry said, in part, to Trump: Quite why you think it appropriate to write emails to UK parliamentarians with a begging bowl for your father s repugnant campaign is completely beyond me. Given his rhetoric on migrants, refugees and immigration, it seems quite extraordinary that he would be asking for money; especially people who view his dangerous divisiveness with horror. BOOM! The fact that this was the response that Mini Trump received when he dared to beg for money from foreign leaders should have been a cue to cease and desist. Instead, they expanded the effort to multiple other countries. It also bears noting that it is illegal for other foreign lawmakers and other political types to donate to U.S. elections. Further, it is also a violation of the law to solicit such donations as well. Trump has already been issued with a Federal Elections Commissions complaint over this activity.Trump s campaign is pathetic, but this is a new low. Do the world a favor and leave this race, Mr. Trump. You re an embarrassment to Americans on the world stage.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
5669, Native American Woman Hits Trump’s ‘Make America Great Again’ Right Where It REALLY Hurts,"Donald Trump s slogan,  Make America Great Again,  has his fans cheering, while others raise their eyebrows and wonder just what he means by that. Perhaps one group of people has more questions about that than anyone else   Native Americans. In fact, one Navajo woman is taking Trump and his slogan head on, with a slogan of her own.Vanessa Bowen designed hats that are similar Trump s, but they bear the slogan,  Make America Native Again.  Take a look:Image via screen capture from ABC News videoHow fitting is that, considering Native Americans are called  native  for a reason that seems to escape Trump (and conservatives in general), and Trump wants to take us back to the bad ol  days of white supremacy because he s a disgusting bigot? She said: When Donald Trump says,  Make America Great Again,  what time period is he talking about? A lot of people overlook that America s history has been built upon injustice against other racial groups, including Native American people. She makes a very good point. The reason we don t have things like White History Month or Straight Pride Month is because this country was built for straight, white people in general, and straight, white men in specific; men like, oh, say, Donald the Trump. It was also built on the genocide of Native Americans, which is a fact of history that conservatives would erase from every one of our history books if they could, so they could cling to their delusion that America is more awesome than the rest of the planet.Enter Bowen s hats. His Royal Racist has demonstrated his racism against Native Americans by calling Elizabeth Warren  Pocahontas  repeatedly. One of his surrogates made fun of Warren s Native American heritage by doing a stereotypical  war whoop  during a rally. To Trump, recognizing Native Americans and actually respecting them amounts to more of the political correctness that he thinks is destroying our country.Bowen believes that making America great again means learning about Native Americans and respecting their culture, and not erasing them from history. Bowen also said: It means going back to learning sustainability and learning to live in harmony with the environment. It means going back to a matriarchal society in which we value and respect our women. It means going back to a sense of unity and community in which we nurture and care for each other rather than tear apart and divide each other. These are all things we need to do in order to ensure mankind s continued survival, if nothing else. His Royal Idiocy does not like these things, and does not see what the point of any of it is. He wants to keep things exactly the way they are while he s busy trying to make us great again. Everything he wants to do to  Make America Great Again  is an attack on Native American values, Bowen says.So really, what does Trump mean with that garbage of a slogan of his? He very likely means the 1950s and  60s, which were white men s most prosperous decades, but they weren t exactly prosperous for anybody else. Those white glasses of his, which filter out everything but whiteness, must be nice.Bowen s hats are hitting a lot of people the right way, and she s selling them for $30 apiece, here. She s thinking of donating the money she makes off of these hats to Native American charities.Featured image via screen capture from ABC News video",0
5670," How Fox News Broke Election Laws, And It Helped Trump","Members of the Federal Elections Commission (FEC) determined that Fox News Channel violated the law when they put together the Republican presidential debates earlier in the year.Due to the ridiculous number of candidates in the race   17 at one point   Fox decided to alter the debate that had been scheduled for August 6 of last year, breaking it up into two tiers with the higher polling candidates featured in prime time while the remaining seven relegated to the lesser-watched  kiddie table  debate.It was at that debate where Donald Trump began to decimate the Republican field and received hundreds of hours of free advertising from Fox during the debate and in the follow-up coverage.Pointing out the disparity, a complaint was filed with the FEC and several of the members of the board determined Fox had actually broken the law.A complaint subsequently was filed with the FEC claiming those changes were tantamount to an illegal corporate contribution to the candidates on stage.FoxNews.com is told that after consideration, three commissioners   Ellen Weintraub, Ann Ravel, and Steven Walther   determined the network had made such an illegal contribution to the seven candidates invited to the first debate.The case ended on a split 3-3 vote, resulting in no action. Three commissioners concluded Fox News violated election law; two of the Democratic commissioners went a step further and voted to penalize the network. But because any enforcement action requires four votes, the case was dismissed.Fox escaped penalty because of the partisan gridlock on the commission but their boost to Trump during the primaries (he was the most featured candidate on the network by a wide margin) shows what it takes to win the race on the right.While Fox has been able to capitalize on Trump thanks to the boost to the network s ratings (the same is true at CNN), the strategy may backfire for the Republican Party. Unlike other candidates who might be performing better in head-to-head matchups against Hillary Clinton at this point in the campaign, Trump is losing by double-digits in some polls, while poll aggregates also show him losing by a larger margin than Mitt Romney did in 2012.Featured image via Flickr",0
5671," Obama Exposes Trump For The World To See, And It Only Took A Few Seconds (VIDEO)","President Obama, due to his unique position, is able to use the global stage to draw attention to issues unlike any other leader   foreign or domestic. On Wednesday, speaking at a joint summit with the Prime Minister of Canada and the President of Mexico, the topic of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump came up.In the course of discussing Trump s foot-stamping about economic issues, the President took a second to dissect the media narrative that has described Trump as a  populist  for months on end.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdIiAO5Pdo Somebody   who has never shown any regard for workers, has never fought on behalf of social justice issues or making sure that poor kids are getting a decent shot at life or have health care,  does not meet the definition, Obama said. They don t suddenly become a populist because they say something controversial in order to win votes. That s not the measure of populism. That s nativism, or xenophobia. Or worse. Or it s just cynicism,  he said.The media has used the reaction of white, blue collar audiences to Trump as evidence that he is a populist speaking to the masses. But the reality TV star is not a man of the people. He has actually made a lot of his money swindling some of those same sorts of people with his fraudulent enterprises like Trump University.As President Obama made clear in just a few seconds, Trump is simply posturing as if he were a populist, but a short glance at his language and his habit of practicing demagoguery destroys his posturing pretty quickly.Trump launched his campaign attacking Latinos as criminals and rapists, he has blamed all immigrants   especially Muslims   for terrorism, and he has also denigrated blacks and women throughout his career.A populist stands up for the little guy, he doesn t turn him upside down and try to suck the money out of his pockets.Featured image via YouTube",0
5672, WATCH: The NRA Just Got Caught Desecrating A National Cemetery For Political Gain,"The NRA claims to care about our military veterans but they just got busted desecrating a military cemetery by filming an anti-Hillary campaign ad without permission.The 30 second ad shows Benghazi attack survivor Mark Geist casually walking through the grave markers of our deceased military veterans in the midst of dramatic fear-inducing music as he openly blames Hillary Clinton for the deaths of four Americans at the U.S. consulate in Libya in September 2012. A lot of people say they aren t going to vote this November because their candidate didn t win,  Geist began before pointing out that millions of veterans won t be voting this year because they are dead.  Well, I know some other people who won t be voting this year either. Hillary as president   no thanks,  he continues.  I served in Benghazi. My friends didn t make it. They did their part. Do yours. The $2 million ad campaign then goes on to urge people to vote for Donald Trump.Here s the video via YouTube.As you can see, Geist is clearly being filmed inside of a national cemetery where filming is prohibited by the Department of Veterans Affairs. In order to film a commercial at such a sacred venue requires permission, which the NRA didn t bother to seek because they knew they wouldn t get it. That s because their campaign ad is obviously partisan and is using the graves of dead soldiers to attack a political opponent.VA spokesman James Hutton condemned the ad and confirmed that the NRA did not seek nor did they receive permission. The National Cemetery Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs has not received or approved any filming requests of this nature. NCA did not receive a request from the NRA to film the subject advertisement. If we had received such a request, we would have denied it based on the partisan content. Our veterans, their families and survivors are our top priority. To maintain the sanctity and decorum of VA National Cemeteries as national shrines, our filming policy states that filming may not be used for the expression of partisan or political viewpoints, or for uses that are (or may be interpreted as) an endorsement of a commercial entity. In short, the NRA disgraced this country and themselves by using the graves of our fallen heroes in their political witch hunt against Hillary Clinton. And this comes in the wake of House Republicans ending their four year long Benghazi investigation which failed to find any evidence that Clinton is to blame for the attack.Furthermore, it should be pointed out that the family of Ambassador Chris Stevens, who also died in Benghazi that day, do not hold Hillary Clinton responsible for the attack. In fact, they say the  underlying cause  for the lack of security is the way Republicans have slashed security funding for U.S. embassies and diplomatic personnel in the years prior to the attack. Perhaps if Congress had provided a budget to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the requests for more security in Libya would have been granted,  said Dr. Anne Stevens, the sister of Ambassador Stevens.  Certainly the State Department is underbudgeted. I do not blame Hillary Clinton or [former CIA Director] Leon Panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they could with the resources they had. This is a sick campaign ad by the NRA and they should be ashamed of themselves for sinking to this depth in what is obviously a desperation play because they know their Republican nominee is getting his ass handed to him in the polls. If anything, this violation of the sanctity of the final resting place of many veterans, many of whom were probably not Republicans or members of the NRA, should enrage every American who claims to give a damn about the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. The NRA disrespected sacred ground and that cannot go unpunished.Featured image via screen capture",0
5673, White Mom FURIOUS That ‘Black Women’ Called Cops After She Left Her Kid In A Hot Car (SCREENSHOTS),"Leaving a young child alone in a vehicle is irresponsible   especially in Florida during the summer. So far this year, 16 children have died after being left in a hot car. Talisha Martin left her child alone in a vehicle for more than 40 minutes while she allegedly went shopping inside a Florida Walmart on Monday.According to a statement from the Palatka Police Department, the store s Loss Prevention Team notified them at about 4:00 p.m. that a 5-year-old child was unattended in a vehicle in the parking lot. The vehicle was running and the air conditioner was on, but it was blowing hot air   something that adds to the heat problem of being abandoned by one s mother in the parking lot of a Walmart during the day in the Florida heat. The child told officers that he was hot and  scared because mommy left me. When Martin finally arrived, her speech was stuttered and slurred. She didn t even notice her child was no longer in the car until an officer asked her if something was missing. The alleged  mother  was arrested and held on a $500 bond. The child was released to the custody of her husband, Scott Martin (more on him later).After her release from custody, Martin did what could be expected from a parent who practices such unabashed negligence: she whined about her  stupid  arrest, blaming it on black people.In her Facebook post, Martin contends that she ran into Walmart to  buy toilet paper a run-out that was it  (she told a news station she had been exchanging bras). According to her, she was only in the store for a total of 7 minutes   enough time for the car to reach 120 degrees without hot air blowing from the air conditioner, as it was 88 that day.But then  a black women  (unclear if she means one or multiple)  had her nose in business where it didn t belong and went and told Walmart.  This, of course, ruined everything for this obviously responsible parent by calling police. She says it s  pretty damn stupid  that they would charge her for child  neglect when  it could be 10 different charges they could give  her. After all, her child (the one who was scared because mommy left him)  asked  to stay in the car, she says.She then praises her loving husband (the one to whom the little boy was released), who bonded her out, for his support. While one might expect the other half of this relationship to give a damn about the child s safety   remember that the boy was released to him   Scott is very supportive of his wife. All this is b/s. My wife wasn t even gone from the house for fifteen minutes and i get a call from the police,  he writes in the comment section under the post.  They told me that my son was in the car for OVER AN HOUR!!!!!!!!! Pardon my language, but that is all f****** b*******!!!!! I am beyond being mad!!!!! He then angrily demands that police bust meth labs and other  people who are really breaking the law  rather than negligent mothers who leave their children unattended in hot vehicles with hot air blowing out of the air conditioner. It is s*** like this why I am thinking about leaving this f****d up county, and state for that matter & saying f*** all of this s***!!!!!!!!!  he adds.  And if there is anyone who disagrees with what I said, guess what, TOO BAD! It s called the 1st Amendment, look it up While the Martins might have expected sympathy, they didn t get much from their friends and family.  As some commenters mentioned, the Department of Children and Families will be investigating this matter. Not only is it illegal for a child to be left in a car, it is also inhumane and potentially deadly,  spokesman John Harrell said.  We will do a full and thorough investigation regarding this incident. Unfortunately, while Martin admits she was wrong and pledges to be a better mother in the future, it is unlikely that she nor her husband have learned anything from this. Scott Martin, whose Facebook profile indicates that he is former military police, says that  ALL THOSE THAT DON T BELIEVE THE TRUTH, AND THINK MY WIFE DONT CARE ABOUT OUR CHILDREN, THEN Y ALL CAN JUST GO TO H***. A few posts below one in which he claims they are loving parents is a share from Conservative Post that advocates hitting your children rather than exercising more reasonable and sane conflict resolution and disciplinary techniques:As for Talisha Martin, she told News4Jax that police and, apparently security footage, are lying about her. She says she won t do it again but denies that she was in the wrong for blasting hot air on her child in an already hot car: (Police) said that I was in there 40 minutes and that is a lie,  Martin said.  Also something about it wasn t even cold air coming out the vent, It was hot air, and that is not true. I just think it s wrong that I m being blasted out like that when I m a mother and have been a mother for almost ten years. I clearly won t do it again. I mean, I don t think I was in the wrong but it is,  Martin said.  Something could happen, you know. They can break the window out. I mean, stuff could happen, but it was only a few minutes. Martin has been arrested numerous times since 2011, twice of charges of petit theft and twice for probation violations.It would be nice if they would at least learn from this, but it seems that they are dedicated to just being terrible people.Featured image via Facebook/News4Jax",0
5674, GOP Rep. To Struggling Mom: Get A Job If You Need Medicine For Your Kids,"A struggling mom sent an email to all 122 of Mississippi s lawmakers asking for help getting insulin and an insulin pump for her diabetic daughter. This was after she called 23 suppliers, trying to find one that would take Medicaid following her former supplier s move out of Medicaid s network. Her daughter has Type 1 diabetes, and needs six to ten insulin injections per day just to live.Nicole Nichols  was flabbergasted  when she received this response from State Representative Jeffrey Guice: I am sorry for your problem. Have you thought about buying the supplies with money that you earn? Wow. A struggling mom gets desperate and emails her lawmakers for help, and she gets slapped down with a horrifically insensitive reply from someone who doesn t know squat about her or her family. Guice is the perfect example of what s wrong with the GOP. The bootstraps crowd over there has a very limited understanding of these things.Guice issued an apology for his terrible response, which actually just reinforces the fact that he doesn t care about anyone outside his little bubble: I realize my remarks to Mrs. Nichols were completely insensitive and out of line I am sorry and deeply regret my reply. I know nothing about her and her family and replied in knee-jerk fashion. I d like to think the people of Mississippi and my constituents know that I m willing to help where I am able. I replied in knee-jerk fashion.  That s basically an admission that he thinks anyone receiving government aid is a lazy good-for-nothing living high on the hog off of the backs of hardworking taxpayers. That s what the entire GOP thinks about people on aid. What an obtuse piece of flotsam.Nichols told her story to the Clarion-Ledger, going into more detail in a video about her situation and why she needs these supplies:Nichols is a stay-at-home mom, but her husband works two jobs to provide for their family of four. The insulin pump, which her daughter needs to avoid having to go through six to ten injections every day, is $2,000. The insulin itself can run as much as $400 per month. Struggling families can t afford that, and no amount of  get a job  is going to change that.Nichols actually did receive two other replies, both of which were sympathetic to her situation. Thankfully, people like Guice aren t calling the shots here. Nichols posted about this on her Facebook page, prompting a barrage of outraged comments from people who read it. Mississippi Medicaid saw her post, actually had some compassion, and reached out to Nichols about this very situation.Guice, and the rest of the GOP, are heartless brutes. He might regret his comments, but the fact that he even made them shows that he s just another one of those who thinks everyone should just magically grow bootstraps with which to pull themselves up.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5675, Paul Ryan: Republicans ‘Will Not Tolerate’ More Democratic Disruption In The House,"The Democrats in the House of Representatives last week showed a level of spine that the slimy weasel we call the Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, will never know. They staged a sit-in, led by civil rights icon John Lewis, on the floor of the House of Representatives. Well, Ryan seems to  have gotten his cowardly boxer briefs in a twist over the fact that his pals on the other side of the aisle made a fool of him and caused him to lose control of the House chamber, and has issued a stern warning to his Democratic colleagues.Speaking with Upfront with Mike Gousha on WISN, Ryan said the following of what he would do if the Democrats dared to disrupt his ordered, delusional life as Speaker of the House by, oh, you know, standing up for what s right: We are not going to handle it the same way. We will not take this. We will not tolerate this. Ryan could have, as Speaker, had the Democrats who staged the sit-in arrested, but he chose not to do so. Because, well, he s a coward with no spine. We already knew this, though. Instead of admitting this, however, he blamed the Democrats, saying: They said they were hoping to get arrested and hauled off the floor. They told a number of my staff that and so I did get a brief heads up about it, I highly doubt they were dumb enough to tell your staff, who they knew in turn would be obligated to tell you, sir, what they were planning to do to make sure the sit-in was effective. You re just embarrassed that you lost control of the House chamber, and with good reason. You re always talking about doing the people s work in the people s house, yet you defy the gun control measures that 90+% of the American people want. You are doing the NRA s bidding, and we all know it. I hope House Democrats tell you to shove your crazy ideas up your ass where they belong, should you ever have the gall to actually confront any of them.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5676, SCOTUS Ruling On Texas’ Abortion Law Was Based In Actual Science That Texas GOP Wanted Buried,"The GOP s anti-science stance is helping them do nothing but spiral ever farther out into the stratosphere, while people who actually understand and trust science are still firmly grounded. The Supreme Court struck down Texas  restrictive abortion law, but they didn t make that ruling without taking a lot of facts into account. Many of those facts were science   something the GOP absolutely abhors.The ruling attacked Texas lawmakers for their sorry lack of those facts. The dissent from Justices Clarence Thomas, John Roberts and Samuel Alito seemed to focus more on defining the word  right,  and the definition of  undue burden  than it did on whether the law actually had a negative effect on Texas women.Thomas even went so far as to say: Moreover, by second-guessing medical evidence and making its own assessments of  quality of care  issues, the majority reappoints this Court as  the country s ex officio medical board with powers to disapprove medical and operative practices and standards throughout the United States.' That isn t what happened. There s this thing called  expert witnesses,  and they testified on this case. Expert witnesses exist because judges can t be expected to know everything about everything. Breyer s opinion cited data, along with expert testimony, as the reason for why the court voted to strike the law down.As for where some of those experts came from? A team of researchers from the University of Texas has been looking hard at the effects of that law since it went into effect in 2013. They studied everything from abortion access in rural areas to Twitter traffic, and they found that the law did, indeed, restrict access to abortion. That just makes women decide to try and end their pregnancies themselves, and all this research points to that actually happening in Texas.The Texas GOP didn t like that at all. One of the reasons the GOP is so anti-science is because science often contradicts their policies, making them look like the dogmatic morons they are. Texas even went so far as to pressure their head of health research to resign because of this: Texas Republicans often said the researchers  math didn t check out. When one unflattering study in February suggested that funding cuts to Planned Parenthood restricted access to women s health care, the state s head of health research resigned under pressure from GOP lawmakers, who questioned his contributions to a  deeply flawed and highly political report.' To fire a state official for cooperating with scientific research that leads away from what you think, you re working to bury the research. That s what this was.When conservatives say,  I m not a scientist, and neither are you,  they re really just dodging the issue entirely. Sometimes, they re even shirking responsibility for the effects of, oh, say, a bad law like this one.  I m not a scientist, and neither are you,  is nothing more than cowardice.The sheer volume of research that came out of Texas doesn t exist in other states, and pro-choice groups have been jumping on this for obvious reasons. But conservatives are increasingly anti-science and anti-education. They wouldn t have tried to bury this if that weren t true.Featured image by Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
5677, Nate Silver: There’s a 79% Chance That Hillary Clinton Is Our Next President (VIDEO),"Nate Silver is great at predicting the outcomes of political races. He predicted all 50 states correctly in the last presidential race, which involved presumptive nominees Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. In the race before that when John McCain unleashed Sarah Palin upon us, he correctly predicted the outcomes of 49 out of 50 states. Well, the legendary political analyst has now weighed in on the 2016 presidential race, and he predicts overwhelmingly that Hillary Clinton will be the next Commader-in-Chief.While appearing on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos, Silver said: Here s how to think about it: We re kind of at halftime of the election right now, and she s taking a seven-point, maybe a 10-point lead into halftime.Good Morning America. There s a lot of football left to be played, but she s ahead in almost every poll, every swing state, every national poll. Silver isn t, poll-wise, wrong, either.  According to a recent poll, Clinton beats Trump in Iowa, Michigan, Florida, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia. These aren t small wins, either   they are from 4 to 17 points. So, in other words, the nation definitely appears to favor Clinton over Trump. Silver said of the numbers: It s been a crazy year, politically. For example, Arizona looks like a toss-up. Maybe Georgia. Maybe Missouri, North Carolina again. Likewise, if Trump gains ground on Clinton then maybe a state like Maine   used to be a swing state, not so recently    could be in play, too. In other words, Trump is in trouble, as he should be. The nutjobs who are uneducated and uninformed who helped Trump rise to claim the Republican presidential nomination do not represent the nation. This is where the GOP messed up   they lined up behind a charlatan who is running the greatest reality television show scam the American people have ever seen, and he s gonna lose.Remember, if you realize how dangerous Trump is, vote blue, no matter who.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images",0
5678," Trump Said ‘Ask The Family’ Of A Benghazi Victim About Clinton’s Judgment, So Someone Did"," Be careful what you wish for  is an age-old adage. Earlier this month, Donald Trump tweeted that  if you want to know about Hillary Clinton s honesty and judgement,  all you need to do is  ask the family of Ambassador Chris Stevens,  who died in the horrific terrorist attacks in Benghazi on September 11, 2012.via FreakOutNationOn Tuesday, after the House Benghazi Committee released its report on the attacks   a report that once again exonerated Clinton and confirmed that the numerous hearings are simply a waste of taxpayer dollars aimed at smearing the 2016 Democratic nominee   Ambassador Stevens  sister spoke to the New Yorker about the hearings, and Trump has likely dissolved into a steaming pile of seething rage over her remarks.Dr. Anne Stevens, who serves as her family s spokesperson, made it very clear that no matter what Republicans say, Hillary Clinton is not to blame for Benghazi. In fact, she says the blame lies with Republicans in Congress. It is clear, in hindsight, that the facility was not sufficiently protected by the State Department and the Defense Department. But what was the underlying cause?  she said.  Perhaps if Congress had provided a budget to increase security for all missions around the world, then some of the requests for more security in Libya would have been granted. Certainly the State Department is underbudgeted. Prior to the attacks, the GOP cut embassy security  a move Clinton warned would be detrimental to America s national security  back in 2011:For fiscal 2013, the GOP-controlled House proposed spending $1.934 billion for the State Department s Worldwide Security Protection program   well below the $2.15 billion requested by the Obama administration. House Republicans cut the administration s request for embassy security funding by $128 million in fiscal 2011 and $331 million in fiscal 2012. (Negotiations with the Democrat-controlled Senate restored about $88 million of the administration s request.) Last year, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that Republicans  proposed cuts to her department would be  detrimental to America s national security    a charge Republicans rejected.[GOP vice presidential nominee Paul] Ryan, [Rep. Darrell] Issa and other House Republicans voted for an amendment in 2009 to cut $1.2 billion from State operations, including funds for 300 more diplomatic security positions. Under Ryan s budget, non-defense discretionary spending, which includes State Department funding, would be slashed nearly 20 percent in 2014, which would translate to more than $400 million in additional cuts to embassy security.Stevens goes on to drop the hammer on any words Republicans want to put in the mouths of her or her family:I do not blame Hillary Clinton or Leon Panetta. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they could with the resources they had. The Benghazi Mission was understaffed. We know that now. But, again, Chris knew that. It wasn t a secret to him. He decided to take the risk to go there. It is not something they did to him. It is something he took on himself.Stevens says that the recently-released report concluded absolutely nothing new, and that Clinton did her best to keep people safe even in spite of fierce opposition from Republicans:She has taken full responsibility, being head of the State Department, for what occurred. She took measures to respond to the review board s recommendations. She established programs for a better security system. But it is never going to be perfect. Part of being a diplomat is being out in the community. We all recognize that there s a risk in serving in a dangerous environment. Chris thought that was very important, and he probably would have done it again. I don t see any usefulness in continuing to criticize her. It is very unjust.Stevens says that the GOP s investigations are nothing but a witch hunt conducted  purely for political reasons. With the many issues in the current election, to use that incident and to use Chris s death as a political point is not appropriate,  she adds, explaining that  everyone did their very best in response to this event.  In fact, her brother had a lot of respect for Clinton and her  ability to intensely read the issues and understand the whole picture. Could this be the final nail in the coffin of the GOP s ridiculous, money-wasting witch hunts? Probably not, unfortunately.Featured image via Getty Images/Justin Sullivan",0
5679, Trump Accuses Clinton Of ‘Raping Our Country’,"In a statement that was attempting to appeal to the left and to the worst conspiracy theorists on the right, Donald Trump accused his female opponent of raping the country with a trade deal.In a campaign rally in Pennsylvania, the GOP frontrunner ranted about free trade agreements. He wants to force Canada and Mexico to renegotiate NAFTA and he wants to renegotiate the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP).Trump s words were tailored to his audience, many of whom have personally suffered from the collapse of the American steel industry: I m going tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal for our workers. And I don t mean just a little bit better, I mean a lot better,  Trump said in Pennsylvania.If Canada and Mexico do not agree to renegotiate the pact, Trump said he would notify them under the agreement s terms  that America intends to withdraw from the deal. Source: Huffington PostOf course, most of the steel industry has moved to China, a country with whom we have no trade agreement, but why let inconvenient facts get in the way of a good narrative.In yet another speech, this time in Ohio, Trump spoke of the TTP, calling it a  death blow  for American manufacturing. He said it was  just a continuing rape of our country. Trump is right in that the trade deals have been bad for the American people and that they should be renegotiated, but Trump s claim that he s a savior for American trade is disingenuous. Much of Trump s fortune has been built on the backs of those in foreign countries. In other words, the Trump of today would probably not have been possible without the trade agreements he loves to criticize. AFL-CIO s President Richard Trumka agrees: Trump embodies everything that is wrong with our current trade policy. He has consistently sent American jobs overseas to line his own pockets. Beyond that, though, is something more insidious and sexist. It s long been a Republican meme that Bill Clinton is a rapist and that Hillary Clinton is somehow complicit in these  crimes  (they aren t actually crimes because no one has ever found any criminal activity). Trump may or may not choose to be overt in rattling off the hundreds of Clinton conspiracy theories, but you can bet he ll continue with the more subliminal accusations, like one of rape. Ironic, since he s been accused of the same.Featured image via Jeff Swensen at Getty Images.",0
5680, 80-Year-Old Man Guns Down 81-Year-Old Over Church Loan (VIDEO),"On June 13, 80-year-old Edward Acquisto shot and killed 81-year-old John Cloud in a Rhode Island cemetery.According to police, Acquisto had taken out a  substantial loan  from a congregational church in nearby Kingston, MA. The two men arranged to meet at Pocasset Hill Cemetery, in Tiverton, Rhode Island, where Acquisto reportedly went to read his Bible, to discuss the loan.Police did not provide details on the amount of the loan or how Acquisto spent the money that he borrowed from the church.During a press conference, Tiverton Police Chief Tom Blakey said,  There were people visiting graves in the cemetery, visiting loved ones  gravesites, and they heard the commotion, heard the gunshots. After shooting Cloud, the elderly Acquisto led police on a car chase, which ended when he turned down a dead-end street.Acquisto reportedly shot at police before law enforcement killed him in a Tiverton resident s driveway.WPRI reports that Acquisto was out on parole when he shot and killed Cloud.He was sentenced to life in prison in 1981, after raping his former girlfriend in her home. A year later he was sentenced to ten additional years in prison for beating a man to death. He was paroled in 2003.At this time it s unknown where or how Acquisto got the gun he used to shoot Cloud.There is no permit required for someone over the age of 18 to purchase a gun in Rhode Island. The state does require an  application,  and all sellers are supposed to conduct a background check through state or local law enforcement.In spite of that, a man who was released on parole after raping one person and killing another, somehow managed to obtain a gun.While it s possible that Acquisto didn t obtain the gun he used to kill Cloud legally, as the Law Center To Prevent Violence reports here, it s also more than possible that he did.Many states still do not require private gun sellers to conduct criminal background checks. Lax gun-control policies across the country allow violent felons to purchase guns with no questions asked.Here s more from WPRI. Image credit: Mele Avery via Flickr",0
5681, KARMA: Federal Judge Slaps Texas GOP Bush Donor With Billion Dollar Fine For Tax Fraud,"One of the most notorious Republican donors over the last 40 years has been busted for tax fraud and slapped with a hefty penalty.Billionaire businessman Sam Wyly has been a Republican since the 1960s and contributed heavily to the presidential campaigns of George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush.After backing Bush 41 in 1988, they helped Bush 43 build his own political power by supporting his campaign to  be Texas  Governor in 1994 and contributed to his presidential campaigns in 2000 and 2004.Wyly even contributed to the Swift Boat campaign that slandered Democratic candidate John Kerry s service in the Vietnam War.In short, Wyly is one of the reasons why George W. Bush became president for eight years and why we ended up with two wars in the Middle East and an economic collapse.Well, karma has finally caught up to Wyly and it bit him right on the ass.As it turns out, Wyly is a tax dodger who shielded much of his fortune through a series of trusts in the Cayman Islands to hide stock sales from the IRS for more than ten years between 1992 and 2004.That s right. one of George W. Bush s biggest financial supporters was committing tax fraud the whole time while he simultaneously gave millions of dollars to Republican campaigns.And a federal judge smacked him for it on Monday.According to Reuters:A federal bankruptcy judge in Texas on Monday ordered former billionaire Sam Wyly to pay $1.11 billion in back taxes, interest and penalties after finding he committed tax fraud by shielding much of his family s wealth in offshore trusts.U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Barbara Houser in Dallas calculated the payout after ruling on May 10 that Wyly and his late brother Charles conducted a  deceptive and fraudulent  scheme to cheat the Internal Revenue Service.The payout includes roughly $135.5 million of taxes, $402.1 million of interest, and $570.1 million of penalties.It definitely makes one wonder what other big Republican donors like the Koch brothers have been hiding all this time. After all, they hate the federal government so much that they are buying conservative lawmakers to destroy it from within, and the IRS is a major target that Republicans have been particularly keen on eliminating. Sam Wyly getting busted for tax fraud gives a little insight into why they may be so obsessed with completing that goal.Featured image via Twitter ",0
5682, Trump’s Creepy Obsession With Waterboarding Gets Renewed By Istanbul Suicide Bombings (TWEETS),"Trump responded to yesterday s tragic suicide bombings at Istanbul s Ataturk Airport the only way he knows how   by ramping up the fear mongering and rallying for more violence and torture. This of course, renewed his weird obsession with waterboarding and other more extreme torture practices.In speaked at a rally in St. Clairsville, Ohio, Trump made his case: We can t do waterboarding but they can do chopping off heads, drowning people in steel cages, they can do whatever they want to do. You know, you have to fight fire with fire. The suicide bombings at the airport killed at least 41 people, wounding over 230. Just the day before the attack happened, the State Dept. had issued a travel warning about the increased terror threat in Turkey. According to the Turkish government, Islamic State fighters were likely responsible. Trump continued to harp on everyone s anxiety: Folks, there s something going on that s really really bad. All right? It s bad. And we better get smart and we better get tough or we re not going to have much much a country left, okay? It s bad. Terrible. Trump then spoke specifically about waterboarding, a torture practice that was banned by the George W. Bush administration ten years ago. The crowd cheered when Trump said,  I like it a lot.  Implying that if he was elected President, torture methods would get much worse, Trump added,  I don t think it s tough enough. Trump also took to Twitter to drive his point home, encouraging the U.S. to do  everything  possible to stop terrorism.TwitterTwitterHe returned to waterboarding once again in an interview with CNN. In an appearance on  The Situation Room,  Trump said he d  change our law on, you know, the waterboarding thing  in order to  be able to fight at least on an almost equal basis. Nothing s nice about it but it s a minimal form of torture. We can t water board and they can chop off heads. Featured image via Ralph Freso / Getty Images",0
5683," Billboard With Reagan Quote Stands Outside GOP Convention, And Conservatives REALLY Won’t Like It","The GOP convention is drawing all sorts, including nutbags like this one on YouTube. It s also drawing those who believe the GOP s policies are a major departure from what this country was supposed to be, despite all their claims that they want us to be exactly that. Because of that, the Freedom From Religion Foundation has a billboard up near their venue with a quote from none other than St. Reagan himself, and conservatives will absolutely despise it.This is the billboard below:FFRF quotes Reagan in Cleveland message to GOP convention  https://t.co/MIkpBehtQv pic.twitter.com/6EGURARKW7  FFRF (@FFRF) June 27, 2016The point is clear: Keep church and state separate.Over the last couple of decades, Republicans have worked hard to entangle civil law with biblical law, and they hope to keep us from knowing the difference. Pea-brains like Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, James Inhofe, and more allow their religions to have a stranglehold on their policy decisions. The GOP itself has taken the Establishment Clause to mean that Christians should be free to do whatever they want to whomever they want, but all other religions need to put up with being restricted, and shut up altogether.The FFRF has been working to keep church and state separate since 1978, and this billboard is a brilliant idea because it takes a quote from one of the GOP s own idols and turns it back on them. Some places, like The Blaze, have already claimed that the quote is taken out of context, which is nonsense. The full quote is: Our very unity has been strengthened by our pluralism. We establish no religion in this country, we command no worship, we mandate no belief, nor will we ever. Church and state are, and must remain, separate. All are free to believe or not believe, all are free to practice a faith or not, and those who believe are free, and should be free, to speak of and act on their belief. That s in no way taken out of context. Instead, it s basically a summary of what Reagan was saying. Furthermore, Reagan s own son, Ron Reagan Jr., is on the Honorary Board of Distinguished Thinkers at the FFRF, and is an atheist who isn t afraid to burn in hell. There s little question he supports this display.It s actually the hateful, judgmental, narrow-minded  Christians  of the religious right who don t want to follow the Constitution, and they re dragging the GOP along with them, all in the name of  following the Constitution.  It s long past time for the GOP to stop pandering to the evangelicals and actually try to govern according to the Constitution, like they keep insisting they are.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5684, Pro-Trump White Nationalists Involved In Mass Stabbing Going To GOP Convention,"A group of white nationalists and skinheads who support Donald Trump s presidential campaign who were involved in a stabbing attack in California have announced that they will be at the Republican National Convention this July in Cleveland.The group, who call themselves the  Traditionalist Worker Party  revealed their plans.A group of white nationalists and skinheads who held a rally in Sacramento over the weekend where at least five people were stabbed plans to show up at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next month to  make sure that the Donald Trump supporters are defended. The violent clash at the California state Capitol accentuates concerns about the Republican National Convention, with political tensions high and thousands of pro- and anti-Trump protesters expected to descend on Cleveland.Matthew Heimbach, who leads the group, has been described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as someone  considered by many to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists. At a Trump rally in March, after Trump told protesters  Get out of here. Get Out. Out. Out Out! Get out,  Heimbach was one of the mean caught on video roughing up a black woman. The woman said Trump supporters in the crowd chanted racial and sexual epithets at her as she was removed.During previous protests at his rally, often from black and Latino activists, Trump has lamented that it is no longer acceptable to rough up dissenters, and even said he would consider paying the legal fees of a man arrested after punching a protester at a Trump rally.Heimbach has said he wants to create  a new homeland for whites around the entire world  in America and said California is  full of Mexicans and that s sort of a problem. Trump, of course, has accused Mexican immigrants of bringing crime to America and described them as  rapists. Heimbach, discussing immigrants:  Stay in your own nations, we don t want you here. Trump has promised to build a  beautiful wall  on the U.S.-Mexico border.Featured image via YouTube",0
5685," More Trump Victims Surface As Condo Scam Is Revealed, Millions Lost As He Profited (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has a pattern of business behavior that he has repeated several times over his career when he isn t on a reality show pretending to be a billionaire genius. A loud, splashy launch of a project followed by a high pressure sales job that dazzles prospective customers, followed by mismanagement and poor business decisions that result in a failed business but somehow Trump makes money for himself.The pattern has repeated itself with Trump University, Trump Steaks, Trump Magazine, and now the Los Angeles Times has revealed the seedy underbelly of Trump Ocean Resort, a condo community that was supposed to be built in Baja with homes overlooking the Pacific Ocean.Guess what happened next?In the end, nothing at all was built at Trump Ocean Resort, and Simms lost her money. As did about 250 other buyers, most of them from Southern California.All told, two years of aggressive marketing yielded $32.5 million in buyer deposits, every bit of it spent by the time Trump and his partners abandoned the project in early 2009 as the global economy was reeling. Most of the buyers sued them for fraud.In this case, Trump did what he has often done in real estate deals   licensed his name to a third party developer, but not actually do the building himself. Trump has often portrayed these properties he really had nothing to do with as part of his real estate  empire,  and the media has gone along with the fairy tale.The people who lost money in these condos say that is what happened here, and that Trump s children   Donald Jr. and Ivanka   were part of a ruse to make it seem as if Trump was one of the main developers instead of just a name attached like a cheap sticker. We are developing a world-class resort befitting of the Trump brand,  Ivanka Trump said in a video on the Trump Baja website.  I m very excited about it. I actually chose to buy a unit in the first tower. Her father appeared in the same video saying he was proud  that when I build, I have investors that follow me all over. The sales team even told prospective buyers that Trump himself had purchased a condo in the development, but he actually never did. Trump even signed a letter given to prospective customers identifying himself as one of the builders   but he wasn t.The company doing the actual building, after months of inactivity on the construction site, eventually sent a letter to people who had bought in telling them that they would not be able to proceed with construction due to a lack of money and the economic turndown in 2008-9. They also said they wouldn t be providing refunds of the millions of dollars they had taken.The Trumps did get $500,000 in licensing fees for their involvement in the scheme. Another pump and dump Trump mission completed.Featured image via screen capture",0
5686, Conservative ‘Christian’ Preacher Wants Government To Execute Adulterers,"This guy just wants everyone dead.Pastor Steven Anderson of Faithful Word Baptist Church in Arizona just does not know how to shut his mouth.The day after the Orlando mass shooting, Anderson praised the 49 murders and called upon the government to execute all gay people across the nation.Just this past Sunday, Anderson repeated his call to execute gay people but added a call to purge any Christians who supports the LGBT community.And now Anderson is calling for reinstating the death penalty against anyone who is tried and convicted of committing adultery. Adultery is not a crime in the United States, but Anderson called for punishing those who commit it with death in a written manifesto on his blog last week. When someone says that homosexuality is worthy of death according to the Bible, people inevitably will bring up other sins that were also punishable by death in the Old Testament,  he wrote.  They think they are somehow catching us in hypocrisy, but the truth is, Bible believing Christians DO agree with those other Old Testament penalties as well we just need to realize that God s laws were the law of the land in those days. Today, adultery is not punishable by law in the United States, but it should be. Just as he did when he called for executing gay people, Anderson laid out his vision of a  righteous government,  presumably made up of conservative  Christians  who will shred the Constitution and replace it with the Bible, and said such a government would make adultery a capital crime worthy of arrest and death if convicted by what one can only imagine would be a kangaroo court. This, Anderson says, is the way he would prevent adultery and divorce.Yes, a righteous government would implement the death penalty for those tried and convicted of adultery. We all know normal people who have unfortunately committed this grievous sin, and of course we wouldn t want them to die for it. If we were to somehow vote in a law making adultery illegal, it would not be retroactive it would be the law going forward, and adultery rates would plummet and so would divorce rates. Think about it, though. Do you really think as many people commit adultery in societies where it is punishable by death? Of course not so you can relax about your Aunt Trudy who cheated on her husband thirty years ago. If Aunt Trudy had lived in a society that enforced the death penalty for adultery, chances are she would never have committed that sin in the first place.Indeed, other nations in the world do, in fact, punish adulterers with death. There s only one problem.As it turns out, punishing adultery by execution is something that occurs today mostly under Islamic law. Conservatives like Anderson would refer to this as  Sharia law.  And usually it overwhelmingly punishes women, especially women who have been raped.According to The Week,The UN has issued numerous calls to governments to repeal laws that criminalise adultery, arguing that they are predominantly used to discriminate against women.  Provisions in penal codes often do not treat women and men equally and establish harsher rules and sanctions for women,  writes human rights expert Frances Raday.Countries governed by Islamic law, including Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Somalia, all strictly prohibit  zina , or  fornication outside marriage . Prosecutions are common and punishment can include fines, arbitrary detention, imprisonment, flogging and in extreme cases, the death penalty. Women are overwhelmingly targeted.Human rights organisations argue that in several Muslim nations, adultery laws are often used against women who have been raped. Under such legislation, the burden of proof is on the woman to provide evidence that she was raped, or be prosecuted for adultery.In short, what Anderson is proposing is a barbaric practice that is mostly practiced in countries that are governed by some form of Sharia law and is used primarily to punish women.Basically, he is calling for the United States to be governed by Christian Sharia law. You know, the same Sharia law that conservatives freak out about and pass laws against.Anderson concluded his  sermon  by claiming that the death penalty deters crime and shrugged at the notion that people don t want their loved ones executed just because they had an extramarital affair.In countries where adultery is still a capital crime, it s not an everyday occurrence and usually ends up in the news. Just as capital punishment is a strong deterrent against murder, it has the same effect on other crimes.Telling us that we would not want people we know and care about to be put to death is a straw man argument. We don t want our friends and family to be convicted of murder either, but they probably won t kill anyone, so we don t worry about it. When the children of Israel committed adultery, they knew the risk going in.However, it s worth noting that multiple studies by researchers have been UNABLE to prove that the death penalty is a deterrent to crimeThe bottom line is that is that Anderson is a maniac who wants to bathe America in blood in order to create what he considers the perfect Christian utopia. Millions upon millions of Americans would be murdered in this endeavor if Anderson had his way, and that is precisely why conservative  Christians  can never be allowed to have power in our government.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5687, Ted Cruz Holds Hearing On Why Obama Won’t Use The Words He Likes,"Ted Cruz, who chairs the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, is holding a hearing on radical Islam. This isn t just any hearing on radical Islam, though. It s specifically investigating why President Obama won t use the term  radical Islamic terrorism  when he s talking about radical Islamic terrorism.Seriously.Ted Cruz, a United States Senator, is using Congressional resources, and taking up Congressional time, to investigate words.We wish we were making this up.The hearing s goal is to amp up his message that Obama s refusal to use those specific words has weakened our national security, and the primary accusation is that Obama has been scrubbing the words  radical Islamic terrorism  from public records in order  to pretend the threat doesn t exist. There is a metric ton of right-wing news sites and blogs that pushed a conspiracy theory that Obama censored references to radical Islam from a video of a meeting with French President Francois Hollande, just after the Paris attacks last year. It turns out there was a technical glitch with the recording equipment that dropped the audio at that point in the meeting. As soon as the White House became aware of the problem, they published an updated video with complete audio.Ted Cruz, being the unintelligent, irrational individual we know him to be, would rather waste his subcommittee s time and taxpayer dollars on vapid conspiracy nonsense if it means taking Obama down. The truth is that Obama won t use those specific words because he s trying to isolate ISIS, and terrorists, from the broader Islamic world. He s said: [W]e are not at war with Islam. We are at war with people who have perverted Islam. That is the cold, naked truth that the cowering right won t accept. George W. Bush said the same thing many times throughout his presidency. Here s one example from 2002, not too long after Sept. 11: This great nation of many religions understands, our war is not against Islam, or against faith practiced by the Muslim people. Our war is a war against evil.  [emphasis mine]Ted Cruz, whose brain is the size of a peanut, won t acknowledge that though, because reasons. Others, however, will try to force him to acknowledge it. Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL) did that, saying at the hearing: I have plenty of disagreements with President George W. Bush, but I still marvel that after all we went through [he still pushed us to distinguish between the vast majority of Muslims and a few dangerous extremists]. There s a serious problem when a Democrat can make George W. Bush actually look like a good president. These usurpers of American patriotism not only excel at ignoring pesky things like that, but they also excel at just plain looking foolish. Cruz even had a witness there that went so far as to accuse Reps. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and Andre Carson (D-IN) of having ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, simply because they attended a Muslim event once. Ellison and Carson are the only two Muslims serving in Congress.What can we expect from the man who appointed noted Islamophobe Frank Gaffney, of all people, to his presidential campaign team as a national security adviser, though? Gaffney thinks that Grover Norquist is a secret Muslim; it s hard to take anything he says or does any more seriously than we take the word vomit that spews forth from Donald Trump s mouth.Bottom line: Cruz is pursuing a vendetta of some type against Obama. Either that, or he s desperate to cement his legacy as one of the best Senators we ve ever seen before Obama leaves office. He s only cementing his legacy as an out-of-control loon who complains about big government and wasted money, but has no problem using the government and wasting money to pursue fluff.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5688," Trump’s Broke, So He’s Breaking The Law To Raise Money","It s sort of unbelievable that the wealthiest person in the presidential campaign, the person who swore he would self-fund and that he d never be owned by anyone, is hitting up foreign dignitaries to boost his campaign coffers, and that s highly illegal.Several members of the British Parliament have received emails from Donald Trump, mostly sent by Donald Trump, Jr., begging for money. Here s one from Natalie McGarry, with her brilliant response, basically telling the Trump s, in very British terms, to f*** off.May be Donald Trump bought lists   bizarre for grassroots campaign   but how does he opt out of foreign donations? pic.twitter.com/jVwfdFnI6U  Natalie McGarry MP (@NatalieMcgarry) June 27, 2016 Forgot to include @realDonaldTrump. why your son is contacting us is beyond bizarre. pic.twitter.com/QGiArA8YWD  Natalie McGarry MP (@NatalieMcgarry) June 23, 2016It is bizarre.McGarry, wasn t the only MP to receive the solicitations. Stuart McDonald said he received the same. He called Trump  pathetic. Dear @nytimes, could you pass a message to @realDonaldTrump for me? Please stop sending campaign begging letters to MPs. It s pathetic!  Stuart McDonald MP (@Stuart_McDonald) June 27, 2016Scottish politicians complained of the same. Apparently, he s been hitting up liberals, which shows that Trump s fundraising machine is seriously flawed.It s also illegal and Trump and/or his son, could go to prison, if the Justice Department decided to pursue it. Here s what the Federal Election Commission has to say about it:The ProhibitionThe Federal Election Campaign Act (FECA) prohibits any foreign national from contributing, donating or spending funds in connection with any federal, state, or local election in the United States, either directly or indirectly. It is also unlawful to help foreign nationals violate that ban or to solicit, receive or accept contributions or donations from them. Persons who knowingly and willfully engage in these activities may be subject to fines and/or imprisonment.Who is a Foreign National?The following groups and individuals are considered  foreign nationals  and are, therefore, subject to the prohibition: Foreign governments; Foreign political parties; Foreign corporations; Foreign associations; Foreign partnerships; Individuals with foreign citizenship; and Immigrants who do not have a  green card. Hopefully, someone will pursue legal channels, but in the meantime, we can laugh at the hypocrisy that the campaign built on nationalism and xenophobia feels they have to leave the country to raise money. Is this how he plans to make America great again?Featured image via Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images",0
5689, Obama Literally LAUGHS At Claims That Brexit Means Trump Will Win Election (VIDEO),"If there s one thing President Barack Obama isn t threatened by, it s Donald Trump.After the Brexit decision, in which the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, many Americans were left upset and afraid that what had happened overseas could be a sign that Trump might actually win the election. Trump himself has definitely played up those fears in his statements following the decision by making statements such as,  I really see a parallel between what is happening here and in the U.S.  and voters  will have the chance to re-declare their independence  in November. Luckily, Obama is setting the record straight.In an interview with NPR s Steve Inskeep, it was clear that Obama wanted Americans to know that there were distinct differences between America and Britain, and that the Brexit vote wasn t a warning about what might happen in November. In fact, Obama was confident enough to actually laugh when Inskeep asked him about Trump s statement that Americans will be able to reject  the global elite  in the general election. Obama took a swipe at the billionaire business mogul: Mr. Trump embodies global elites and has taken full advantage of it his entire life. So, he s hardly a spokesperson, a legitimate spokesperson for a populist surge of working-class people on either side of the Atlantic. Obama urged Americans to stay calm, saying that he didn t think Brexit would lead to any  major, cataclysmic changes.  He said: I think that the best way to think about this is, a pause button has been pressed on the project of full European integration. I would not overstate it. There s been a little bit of hysteria post-Brexit vote, as if somehow NATO s gone, the trans-Atlantic alliance is dissolving, and every country is rushing off to its own corner. That s not what s happening. Obama stated that the U.S. and Europe still have similar international interests. He said: The basic core values of Europe, the tenants of liberal market-based democracies; those aren t changing. The interests we have with Europe remain the same, and our concerns internationally remain the same, so Europe can t afford to turn in. Trump might want to sit down, and shut up. You can watch Obama s interview below:Featured image via Pete Souza, Official White House Photographer",0
5690, Elizabeth Warren Goes On ‘The View’ And Lets Us Know Her Plans For Trump (VIDEO),"Making an appearance on ABC s The View, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) let the ladies know what she thinks about Trump s latest attacks on her, and what she plans to do about it.Warren explained that the Republican presidential candidates, or for that matter the GOP in general, let Trump walk all over them throughout the primary process. They let him bully them, and unfortunately for them, it worked. Warren also explained that by the time they caught on to his strategy of bullying himself to victory it was far too late, and she s not about to let that happen to Hillary Clinton in the general election. She s speaking up and calling him out now, because there is no time to wait, and there is no time like the present to throw the mud right back in his face.The Massachusetts Senator was also asked about what she thinks of the nicknames given to her by Trump, especially  Pocahontas,  as well as Scott Brown s call for her to get a DNA test to prove if she is, in fact, part Native American.Warren simply shrugged it off and said she s never used the heritage she was told by her parents that she had to get ahead in life, and that the attacks by both Trump and Brown prove that they ll say and do anything to try to get ahead regardless of facts and reality.As far as her plans for Trump   she said: Can they bully me into shutting up?  Nope, not happening. Rest assured that it seems as if she s going to keep up the battle against the egomaniac all the way through November.Watch Warren explain herself here:.@SenWarren responds to Trump calling her  racist :  Can they bully me into shutting up?   Nope, not happening.  https://t.co/Yo0twn5BcT  The View (@TheView) June 28, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5691, Sarah Palin And Other Conservatives Fly Into A Panic After Seeing UN Vehicles On The Road (SCREENSHOTS),"To conservatives, everything is a conspiracy. And their biggest delusional conspiracy theory of all is that the United Nations is going to take over America and confiscate everyone s guns.So when some UN vehicles were being taken for shipping overseas from the American manufacturer, a conservative motorist freaked out after seeing them on the road and immediately warned others on social media that a UN invasion is imminent. Can t begin to tell you how many of these I passed today on 81 near Lexington VA,  wrote conservative Jeff Stern along with photos of the vehicles being hauled on trailers.And that touched off a collective panic among right-wingers who are likely setting up bunkers around their homes and loading every gun they own about now like Texas conservatives did when they heard about the military training exercise known as Jade Helm.Stern saw the vehicles being transported along Interstate 81 around Lexington, Virginia, which some conservatives mistook for Lexington, Kentucky and thus ended up spreading the rumor of UN vehicles being spotted in both states. The Daily Mail decided to blow the story out of proportion and literally wondered if the UN was here in the event of economic collapse, which only created more panic among mentally unstable conservativesParanoid conservatives even panicked about the standard features of the vehicles, which include bullet resistant glass and seals that prevent exposure to poison gas. Considering where UN workers usually end up in the world these two features are totally necessary and American military vehicles have the same features for the same reasons.Snopes even contacted the maker of these particular vehicles and received a reasonable explanation for why the vehicles were being transported.Unlike the Daily Mail, we contacted Alpine Armoring, the manufacturer named in their article, to inquire about the images. According to an individual with whom we spoke at Alpine, the vehicles seen in these photographs were purchased by the United Nations for use outside the United States. A number of defense industry manufacturers are based in and around Washington, D.C. (a region that includes Virginia) for obvious logistical reasons, and the representative confirmed that the trucks were ordered by the UN for use in locations abroad.After manufacturing, the UN vehicles require transportation to their final ports of call inside the U.S., and driving them to those final embarkation points could potentially put several thousand miles on them prior to their being loaded onto cargo planes or ships, so the trucks seen here were loaded onto a flatbed truck and transported in that fashion. It is a reasonable inference that, depending on their route and final destination, the same trucks would be spotted in other Southern states (particularly if they were to be sent abroad via a cargo ship leaving from a Southern port).But you can t expect conservatives to accept reason, which is why they shared Stern s post over 120,000 times and made comments like these:Even Sarah Palin contributed to the panic among conservatives by buying into the theory that the UN is here to take our guns away.Yeah, the stupidity is truly breathtaking.Featured image via Facebook",0
5692," Report: After Millions Promised, Trump Gave Barely More Than $1,000 A Year To Charity","While he s a lot wealthier, Donald Trump is no Paul Newman. Like Trump, Newman pledges that the proceeds from his signature food sales will go to charity. Trump promised that sales from Trump Vodka, Trump University and two books would go to charity. Unlike Trump, Newman makes good on his promise. In fact, the last time Trump gave to charity, it was 2008.If Trump stands by his promises, such donations should be occurring all the time. In the past 15 years, Trump has promised to donate earnings from a wide variety of his money-making enterprises:  The Apprentice.  Trump Vodka. Trump University. A book. Another book. If he honored all those pledges, Trump s gifts to charity would have topped $8.5 million.But in that time, public records show, Trump donated about $2.8 million   less than a third of the pledged figure   through a foundation set up to give his money away. And there is no evidence that Trump has given to his foundation lately: The last record of any gift from him to his foundation was in 2008.Source: Washington PostThe Washington Post has been on this story for a while, likely because amid claims that he gives millions of his personal funds to charity, Trump refuses to offer up any proof in the way of tax returns or anything else.All of this seems very strange for a man who has his own charitable foundation. While the foundation seemed to start off on the right foot, in later years, it resembles more of a way to collect money from other people than anything resembling generosity on the part of Trump.When he founded the Donald J. Trump Foundation in 1988, the mogul gave half a million dollars, and donated another million the next year. But throughout much of the 1990s, Trump contributed little to his foundation. And despite his vaunted personal wealth allegedly totaling in the billions, according to publicly available records, Trump personally contributed $5,093,512 to his foundation between 1988 and 2014. (During that same time period, an additional $7,072,645 was donated by outside individuals and organizations.) In seven of those years, Trump personally contributed nothing.Even in some cases where foundation records show Trump likely did follow through, the donations don t match the original lofty boasts. In 1989, for instance, Trump released  Trump: The Game,  a version of Monopoly. He bragged that the game would earn $20 million   and that he d give it all to AIDS and cerebral palsy research and toward helping the homelessness. Trump barely gave money to his foundation for most of the 1990s, however.Two years later, a lawsuit against Trump revealed that the game had earned him just $866,800 in royalties, with Trump speculating that the game was perhaps too complex to be a big seller. In that same lawsuit, Trump reportedly said he donated the full proceeds to his charitable foundation. He publicly said that total donations resulting from the game amounted to $1 million, an amount corroborated by public records.Source: BuzzfeedThat s just the tip of the iceberg. Buzzfeed documented numerous times when Trump promised money and never delivered.The Washington Post went even further and contacted 167 charities in search of those missing gifts promised over the last severn years. They found just one donation. It was somewhere between $5,000 and $10,000 to the Police Athletic League of New York City. That was it. One charity, one paltry amount of money. It makes one wonder if he wants the presidency as a money laundering scheme.Featured image via Darren McCollester with Getty Images.",0
5693, Republicans Despondent After Final Benghazi Report Finds NO EVIDENCE Hillary Clinton Wrongdoing,"When Republicans announced that they would be abruptly releasing the conclusions to their exhaustive, five-year Benghazi witch hunt this week, political strategists were stumped. Either this meant they had something explosive and wanted to unload it, or it meant they had absolutely nothing and wanted to bury the wasted energy, money and time spent on this anti-Hillary Clinton hit job long before the election rolled around.Upon releasing the document, it became instantly clear which option this was: Even after five years, the Republican-led Benghazi investigation found absolutely zero evidence that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong. Nor did they find a single way Clinton could have saved any of the victims. In short, the investigation was a complete and total dud.As the New York Times summed up:Ending one of the longest, costliest and most bitterly partisan congressional investigations in history, the House Select Committee on Benghazi issued its final report on Tuesday, finding no new evidence of culpability or wrongdoing by Hillary Clinton in the 2012 attacks in Libya that left four Americans dead.Not that Republicans didn t try their hardest. The investigation cost a truly staggering $7 million and took years to conduct. At every turn, the evidence suggested Clinton was not irresponsible with her actions while Secretary of State, and at every turn that evidence was ignored in the hopes that there was a bombshell just around the corner.Also admitted to during the final report? President Obama didn t  lie  to the American people about what happened in Benghazi. That was right-wing spin.The investigations generally concluded that after the attack, the Obama administration s talking points   a matter of much dispute   were flawed but not deliberately misleading.The idea that President Obama would have all the information to accurately describe what was unfolding in Benghazi as it happened was preposterous. As someone once wryly remarked, George W. Bush spent years telling the American public that Iraq was responsible for 9/11, President Obama spent a few hours saying  we don t know  what happened in Benghazi. Hardly an impeachable offense.Nevertheless, Republicans   including Trump s campaign   have tried to make a lot of political noise based on these rumors. In a sick irony, Trump s own lawyer spent the same morning this report was released openly accusing Hillary Clinton of  murder  because of Benghazi.NBC/WSJ poll has @realDonaldTrump beating #CrookedHillary on #Honesty & #NationalSecurity. This picture says it all! pic.twitter.com/E9YKIgoqnV  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) June 28, 2016Clinton was understandably relieved to have this nonsense put past her. Despite the lack of evidence, certain corners of the internet routinely cited Benghazi as a reason not to vote for her. That talking point has finally and comprehensively come undone. After more than two years and more than $7 million in taxpayer funds, the Committee report has not found anything to contradict the conclusions of the multiple, earlier investigations,  a spokesman for the Clinton campaign said in a statement.  This report just confirms what Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and even one of Trey Gowdy s own former staffers admitted months ago: this Committee s chief goal is to politicize the deaths of four brave Americans in order to try to attack the Obama administration and hurt Hillary Clinton s campaign. In many ways, this final white flag by Republicans represents the increasingly despondent way they are viewing the upcoming election. Their candidate is a belligerent, self-aggrandizing bigot that is currently losing by historic numbers in the polls. If the GOP had any shot at competing in this election with that guy, they needed something like Benghazi to derail Clinton. Instead, they were forced to admit there was nothing there.By releasing the report now, there is a clear sense that the Republican Party is hoping to dig their trenches, hunker down and wait out whatever comes next. The Benghazi investigation going down in flames isn t exactly a game-ender, but it s certainly not the game-changer they had hoped for either.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5694, Morning Joe SHREDS Trump’s Racist Elizabeth Warren Attacks: ‘What The Hell’s Wrong With Them?’ (VIDEO),"Joe Scarborough, host of MSNBC s Morning Joe, definitely seems to be in the #NeverTrump camp these days, despite being a lifelong Republican and former GOP member of Congress. He and co-host Mika Brzezinski slayed Trump again Tuesday morning, this time for Trump s racist attacks against Senator Elizabeth Warren s Native American heritage.Trump s go-to insult for Senator Warren is to call her  Pocahontas,  which is generally seen as a slur when used in this context. This time, though, Trump and his crazy team have gone way too far. He has even had Scott Brown, who lost his place in the Senate to Warren, go so far as to demand a DNA test to prove Warren is indeed part Native American.Well, Morning Joe was having none of it. Scarborough slammed the attacks, saying: This is when you know you re losing a debate. When your opponent is talking about working class Americans, and fighting hard to bring working class Americans back into the mainstream of American economic life, and you are talking about whether someone is 1/32 Native American and suggesting DNA testing. He continued: What the hell s wrong with them   are they stupid? Are they stupid? Brzezinski then pointed out that Trump s campaign has been promising to stop it with the buffoonery, to actually have a candidate behave like, you know, someone who is dignified enough to be president, but there are no signs that this is actually happening at this point. She said: They say they re going to turn the page and pivot toward the general election and have a more elegant   but, you know, you can t if your candidate is releasing ridiculous, cartoon-like, kindergarten-like statements. Scarborough agreed, saying: If you re going to turn the page, you turn the page   and they re trying to turn the page, especially on the Muslim ban. But you can t keep turning back. Turn the page, and then keep moving forward. That s the discipline   they ve got to be disciplined up and down the line. This  Pocahontas  nonsense, this  goofy  nonsense, they ve got to stop   it doesn t work. It makes them look small in the general election. The thing is, though, this is who Trump is. He s 70 years old. He isn t going to change. You can t have a campaign the exudes presidential behavior when the man at the helm of the whole thing is a racist, misogynist, xenophobic, homophobic cartoon character with bad hair and a thin-skinned, childish temperament. Give it up GOP. Time to hop off the Trump Train. Trump and the entire Republican Party have become a national embarrassment in the wake of his rise. It s time to shut it down.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Trump calls Warren  Pocahontas  @JoeNBC: If you re going to turn the page, you can t keep turning back https://t.co/TIzb0LtvG5  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) June 28, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5695, AZ Pastor: ‘Perfect Christians’ Would Bathe In ‘F*ggot’ Blood While Singing Psalms (VIDEO),"Pastor Steven Anderson of Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe, Arizona, is a bigot in the truest sense of the word   though you ll never hear him admit it. Anderson s hatred of the LGBT community, Muslims, Jews, women, and even President Obama, is so deeply rooted that he genuinely believes that he is simply following the Bible (you know, if you cut out all that stuff about loving thy neighbor).Recently, Anderson ignited international outrage when he called the Orlando massacre  good news  because lots of gay people died. In December 2014, he said that we could cure AIDS if we exterminated all the  homos. This may seem like frightening rhetoric, but it pales in comparison to what he said Sunday night.Anderson told his congregation that they   the hateful, anti-gay hate group    have more love in our little finger than that f*ggoty church down the street  that supports the LGBT community has  in their whole body.  Anderson says that he is, indeed, required to love his neighbor but his  homosexual neighbor should be dead. Shortly before those remarks, Anderson said something truly horrifying about what  perfect Christians  should be doing. Anderson says that while most sinners can find God, the LGBT community is hopeless because it is impossible for them to love or accept Jesus. Here s the thing about those filthy reprobates,  Anderson told his congregation.  They re not going to turn from their wickedness because  God has darkened their heart and blinded their eyes.  Anderson continued, explaining that if God has done such things,  you can t believe.  Referencing Psalm 58:10, which states that the righteous (Anderson s flock in this case)  will wash his feet in the blood of the wicked  (the LGBT community).The pastor says that he doesn t understand why his praise of the Orlando shooter made people angry because he, nor the other pastors who have made headlines for their horrific Orlando remarks, didn t fly to Florida and bathe their feet in the blood of the victims of one of the worst mass shootings in our country s history. I don t think Pastor Romero hopped on a plane to Orlando so he could just go wash his feet in the blood of the wicked and praise God for their death,  Anderson quipped as his congregation laughed at the super-funny awesome joke.  But if he would have, it would have been OK.  More laughter. Then he described his  perfect world. If we were in a perfect world, if we were perfect Christians, if we were doing everything that God wanted us to do,  Anderson said, then they would sing not only hymns but the Psalms. And what better way to sing them but while having a nice,  reprobate  blood foot bath: Why would God want us to sing about washing our feet in the blood of the wicked in the New Testament? Can someone explain that to me? Because it s  valid today. Because it still stands. Because God is still the same God. Anderson said that other Christians   the fake ones who accept others for who they are   accuse him of saying that  if a homo loves Jesus he still won t be saved.  Banging his head against a tree prop, the pastor angrily explained that he didn t ever say that: Argh, I never said that. I m saying they don t believe in Jesus. Anybody who believes in Jesus will be saved. I m saying they don t believe in Jesus.  But I met one who says he loves Jesus.  THEY RE LYING. Get real folks. And yet they still come at you. Anderson s sermon then dissolved into a mini-rant about how  normal people  don t want to do the  stuff  that gay people do (like mowing the lawn, shopping, riding a bicycle, playing chess, watching television ). Who here struggles really hard to not be a homo,  Anderson said with his hand raised. He was the only one who raised his hand.  I mean it s really hard. Other men are just so appealing and it s a struggle   No, you re like gross, it s disgusting. Look, the only way that a dude would lust after another dude is if God gave him over unto vile affections to do those things. Watch Anderson s latest horrific rant below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5696, Fox News Attacks LGBT Community With Disgusting Story Saying They’re After Young Children," LGBT Crowd Eyes Preschool Children.  That s the vile headline on a story republished on Fox News from capital bigot Laura Ingraham s site, Lifezette. The headline was crafted specifically to make people recoil in horror due to the misbegotten idea that the LGBT community is all about pushing the  homosexual agenda  onto our children. Below is a screen capture of the story sitting on Fox News  website, for all to see:The story itself almost waxes poetic on the dangers of LGBT indoctrination, attacking a series of online videos called  Queer Kids Stuff.  That series intended to help parents talk to their children about the LGBT community in a way that s easy for them to understand. Bigoted, homophobic conservatives, however, see this as predatory, claiming that the only way the movement wins is by going after ever-younger groups of children.The videos haven t made their way into preschools yet, but that s exactly what Sean Ryan, the communications director of Mass Resistance, an alleged  pro-family  group, is afraid of: It is easily conceivable that videos such as these will be sanctioned eventually by local school boards and implemented in preschool and prekindergarten classes.Activists are trying to force these topics on younger and younger children because that is the only way their movement wins.Rational adults don t buy into the so-called  Queer Theory  or transgenderism. Unfortunately, children are a soft target for homosexual activists as they are malleable and still learning about the world. We have to wonder who these rational adults are, and whether he even knows the definition of  rational,  since he clearly isn t. Chances are he means narrow-minded, extremist fanatics like himself, who think that the LGBT community needs to go back into the closet and stay there, so we can all go back to pretending they don t exist, like we used to. Ryan even alluded to that in the story: There was once a time when it was unthinkable to even mention the topic of homosexuality in a school setting. Now, there are homosexual, bisexual [and] transgender lesson plans for kids as young as kindergarten. He believes that the reason today s parents might support something he views as gross is because they, themselves, were indoctrinated and don t even realize it. There s no way of convincing someone this close-minded and black-hearted that nobody was brainwashed, except, perhaps, them.The New Civil Rights Movement said that Fox News should change the headline. They should, but they won t, because it says exactly what they want to say.  It s all about the children, we swear!  the haters scream. It s not, and saying that the LGBT community is after our children is a dangerous lie and a half.Featured image by Scott Olson/Getty Images and Fox News website",0
5697, SCOTUSBlog Brilliantly Trolls The Trolls Who Attack Them Following Supreme Court Rulings (TWEETS),"Following the end of every term for the Supreme Court, SCOTUSblog, which is in no way run by the Supreme Court, inevitably finds itself under attack from people who disagree with the rulings. Many of the trolls who are on the warpath are, predictably, conservatives, and they re attacking in part because they think that SCOTUSblog s Twitter account is the official Twitter account for the Supreme Court.SCOTUSblog could handle this by ignoring it. They don t. They d rather have fun with the trolls, especially when they re trolled so hard that their account gets suspended. They ve done this for several years without a problem, and they even warned everyone in the Twitterverse about what they were going to do.You have one minute to unfollow us before we fill your Twitter feed.  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016The Supreme Court only has eight justices this year, which could have resulted in tied votes on a lot of cases. Thanks in part to Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has long acted as a swing vote on the bench, many of these decisions were actual decisions. In the spirit of the situation, SCOTUSblog decided they should  explain  what was really going on, considering these trolls seriously mistake them for the Supreme Court. #BREAKING: facing constitutional crisis, in an unprecedented move, a blog was named to the empty ninth seat on the Supreme Court.  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016After a couple of false starts, the trolling commenced with some conspiracy silliness. From there, it was mostly downhill for the trolls, and fun for SCOTUSBlog.We have  no comment  on the claims we are illuminati. ?? MT @DeeJayVenus @SCOTUSblog aka #illuminati rewriting #Constitution  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016 What makes you look dumbest, Bets ? MT @BetsyKerr Nothing makes @SCOTUSblog look dumber than a judge dissenting w/irrelevant opinion.  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016Check ur attitude. We haven t ended capital punishment yet. MT @CaseyMattox_ In a functioning democracy no one would care about @SCOTUSblog  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016 We don t rule  against the Constitution.  We twist it however we want. MT @pswise1 @SCOTUSblog Is RACIST &Again Rules Against Constitution  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016(Because why not give a nod to the absolute tools who wrongly think that the Supreme Court is rewriting the Constitution for a moment?)Keep it? Most men will prolly oblige. #nadaforzada MT @zadabee @SCOTUSblog Stop killing sperm! Man controls the sperm: KEEP IT~  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016 But our feet ARE killing us. @CJRoberts makes us wear heels under these robes. MT @sufferfest @SCOTUSblog Your a feetus killing MONSTER.  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016So funny bc we re just flipping coins. Math says we ll eventually get one right MT @somhrd50 @SCOTUSblog always on the wrong side of history  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016 Hmmm, maybe .. jokes on you MT @allen1006 political joke of the @SCOTUSblog proves NO LIVES MATTER!  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016We do not rule based on preference, creed, or religion. #itsallaboutthebenjamins MT @MidasRex1998 @SCOTUSblog Yeah, you care about  health .  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016 No! Expose who killed Vince Foster, indict Clinton, THEN impeach him. MT @hendog127 @SCOTUSblog -Your first OBLIGATION IS TO IMPEACH OBAMA  SCOTUSblog (@SCOTUSblog) June 27, 2016(SCOTUSblog could have left Hillary out of that, but then they d be ignoring all the hate she s been dealing with since she announced her candidacy for president. With that said, this guy doesn t even know how the impeachment process works. Dude, did you even high school?)The words  don t feed the trolls  come to mind, but sometimes, feeding them is too much fun. This is especially true when the trolls think you re someone you obviously aren t. It s almost a shame this only happens once a year.Featured image by Gabriella Demczuk/Getty Images",0
5698, All The Proof We’ll Ever Need That CNN Is In The Tank For Trump (VIDEO),"Last week, CNN hired Donald Trump s disgraced former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. That should have been enough to convince the nation that CNN didn t care at all about balanced coverage. On Monday, though, they even outdid that, by completely gushing over the GOP frontrunner and calling him mature, because his latest wasn t completely racist.As of the publication of this article, Trump s Twitter account has been uncharacteristically quiet for 10 hours. Ironically, his last tweet was complaining about CNN..@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don t watch it anymore.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2016He also very characteristically insulted both Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren: Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 27, 2016During those 10 silent hours, though, Trump released a press release and he was interviewed by an NBC reporter. CNN s panel was very impressed with the interview and with Trump s press release, well, because it didn t call Warren  Pocahontas.  He only called her  racist  because Warren once claimed, thanks to family lore, that she was five percent Native American.Okay, he actually did call her Pocahontas during the interview: We call her Pocahontas for a reason,  said Trump.  She said she s 5 percent Native American. She was unable to prove it. She used the fact that she was Native American to advance her career. Elizabeth Warren is a total fraud  She made up her heritage, which I think is racist. I think she s a racist, actually, because what she did was very racist. To CNN, though, this was a sign of a mature Donald Trump. He has been calling Elizabeth Warren,  Pocahontas,  repeatedly,  Brianna Keilar said.  This is the more grown up way to put what he is   what his allegation is. Nia-Malika Henderson agreed, saying that it was a kind of  mature version of a non-fifth grade version of the  Pocahontas    what some people think is an insult.  It is unclear if she meant that Trump had graduated to more middle-school attacks like  I know you are but what am I. He is talking about policy, he is saying she is a sellout to the cause,  Henderson continued.  I do think we are seeing a slow maturation of Donald Trump. Again, he sort of is still doing the same thing calling her goofy, nodding to the heritage. Which is sort of a weird thing, we don t typically talk about people s ethnic backgrounds in presidential politics. But, this is where he is. You see this creeping professionalism, professionalization of Trump s campaign, where he personally, when he tweets, it is usually sort of a, frankly, a schoolyard taunt,  Ryan Lizza explained.  If you look at the stuff they are sending out in press releases that is done by the campaign, it is a little bit more of a targeted, the way to get at Elizabeth Warren is to argue she is selling out her principles by endorsing Clinton. Source: Raw StoryHere s the video:Is this Trump benefitting from low expectations or is it something more nefarious? It s probably a bit of both. His rhetoric is so divisive and so immature, that anything above the 5th grade level seems  adult,  but beyond that, Trump is a ratings bonanza and CNN doesn t want to risk being cut off from the billionaire.As for Elizabeth Warren, well, she never claimed that she was Native American to get into Harvard, or anywhere else. That was made up.",0
5699," Democrats Spend Big On This Ad To Expose Trump’s Cold, Dark Heart (VIDEO)","The Democratic super PAC Priorities USA is spending an unusually high $500,000 for a digital ad campaign featuring a powerful indictment of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s cruelty towards disabled people.The ad,  Dante,  features a 17-year-old suffering from cancer and his reaction to Trump s mockery of a disabled reporter.Flashing  cancer survivor  tattoos on his forearms, Dante Latchman, 17, tells of surviving a rare spinal-cord affliction that was diagnosed when he was 1.  I ve spent my whole life fighting back,  he says. He is shown watching television and seeing Mr. Trump mock a reporter (Serge Kovaleski of The New York Times) who has a condition that limits the functioning of his joints.  I don t want a president who makes fun of me, I want a president who inspires me,  Dante says.  That s not Donald Trump. The ad drives home its theme   a  Stop Hate  graphic flips to say  Stop Trump    as Dante is seen walking down the sidewalk with his mother, his gait noticeably laborious.A previous ad also showcased a family with a disabled child recoiling in horror at Trump s heartless behavior.Both the official Clinton campaign and Priorities USA are on the air, boosting Clinton and attacking Trump in multiple swing states with millions of dollars in advertising. Clinton recently reported that her campaign had over $40 million on hand, while Trump came up extremely short with just over a million dollars.Despite his claim to be a billionaire, Trump has put no serious resources into his campaign and has been reluctant to do the type of fundraising that previous presidential candidates have done.Outside funding is a problem for Trump as well, as the super PAC supporting him, Restoring America Now, lacks the kind of money needed to advertise in swing states. Instead, they are spending money to advertise on cable news, where most of the audience is already firmly in the Trump camp or against it, and unlikely to sway voing patterns.Featured image via YouTube",0
5700, Federal Judge Rules ‘Christians’ Can’t Use ‘Religious Liberty’ To Deny Marriage Licenses To Gay People,"It s almost poetic. Just after the news broke that Mike Huckabee will have to pay $25,000 for the unauthorized use of Survivor s  Eye of the Tiger  at a hate rally celebrating Kim Davis  release from jail, more news came out that has the religious Right weeping and gnashing their teeth.  A federal judge has ruled that clerks in Mississippi can not do what Kim Davis did in Kentucky   namely, use their religion as a shield behind which they can hide their bigotry as they gleefully force same-sex couples to jump through hoops and fight senseless legal battles to have their right to marry recognized.The New Civil Rights Movement reports:A federal judge has ruled clerks in Mississippi cannot cite their religious beliefs as valid reasons to recuse themselves from granting marriage licenses to same-sex couples. The case was argued by Roberta Kaplan, who won the historic Supreme Court DOMA case.U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeve ruled Monday afternoon, preventing the State of Mississippi from allowing HB 1523, a so-called  religious freedom  law signed by Republican Governor Phil Bryant from taking effect Friday, the AP reports. A year after the Supreme Court guaranteed marriage equality in the Obergefell decision, we are delighted that Judge Reeves reaffirmed the power of federal courts to definitively say what the United States Constitution means,  Kaplan, who contends that the  religious liberty  law violates the First Amendment separation of church and state, said of the decision.On Twitter, Kaplan promised that  today s decision was just the appetizer,  and that the  main course will be served  later this week.Thx, but today s decision was just the appetizer; main course to be served by J. Reeves later this week! @CSElive https://t.co/7o6FqFbN72  Robbie Kaplan (@kaplanrobbie) June 27, 2016I, for one, can t wait to see what happens with this. If nothing else Kim Davis is likely furiously praying for God to save her from the evil liberal agenda of equality and acceptance at this very moment   you know, just in case this precedent spreads to other states.Featured image via Getty Images/Ty Wright",0
5701, Ex-Trump Campaign Manager Gets PUMMELED On CNN For Suggesting Trump Was An Expert On Brexit (VIDEO),"CNN was quick to scoop up Corey Lewandowski after Donald Trump kicked him out of his role as campaign manager, but his first week on the job is going pretty much exactly how you would expect it to go   terribly.Not only has Lewandowski proven himself to be pretty much like a paid spokesman for Trump, but his defense of the disgraced GOP candidate isn t being received well. Earlier this week, Lewandowski revealed that he was under contract and couldn t criticize The Donald, even after being fired from the campaign. Today, Lewandowski got called out by Hillary Clinton surrogate Christine Quinn for hyping Trump up to be an expert on the Brexit decision   a suggestion that was clearly false.On Monday s edition of CNN s New Day, Lewandowski made another pathetic defense of Trump by trying to reframe the candidate s disgusting reaction to Brexit, where he mostly spoke about how much the decision would be good for his Scotland golf resort. Lewandowski s defense was: Obviously the U.S. dollar has become much stronger now against the British pound. If you re going to spend money in Europe, now would actually be a good time to go with the fall of the pound.What you have is a world view, so what you have is someone who is saying,  Let s look at this from the U.S. perspective. If you want to go and travel overseas   just from a monetary perspective   now is the right time to do that because what you re getting is more for your dollar. Quinn wasn t having it. She ripped into Lewandowski, firing back, Donald Trump is not running to be travel agent of the world, he s running to be president of the United States.  She continued: What he said wasn t a commentary on international markets, it was,  When the pound goes down, more people will come to my golf course. Donald Trump s main concern isn t the international markets, it isn t the impact that Brexit will have on hard working Americans  401Ks, it s himself. How can he make more money, how can he put more money in his bank account? Lewandowski compared the Brexit decision to Trump s rise in the GOP, and Quinn once again called him out and put him back in his place. She said: Trump touted that he saw this coming. That s ridiculous because when he was first asked about Brexit by the press, he didn t appear to know what it was. Lewandowski tried to counter by insisting that People are too smart, they are tired of being told what to do.  He then tried to commend Trump for being a selfish moron: You know what Donald Trump said about Brexit? What he said was, you don t have to listen to me because it s not my decision. He didn t weigh in like Hillary Clinton did, like Barack Obama did, saying that you can t do this. Quinn fought back, Because he didn t know what it was. Lewandowski was fighting a losing battle. Trump s reaction to Brexit was just as terrifying as it was humorous   it truly proved that Trump knows nothing about foreign affairs, and hasn t spent any time educating himself since the beginning of his presidential candidacy. If only some of the hours he spent getting into fights on Twitter were being used for learning about how the world works. But instead, he once again exposed himself as an unfit choice for President. And when people like Lewandowski try to make sense of his idiocy, they only make themselves look equally foolish.You can watch the embarrassing video below:Featured image via screen capture",0
5702," In No Particular Order, Sarah Palin Uses Random Words To Promote Trump At Politicon (VIDEO)","As much as you may want Sarah Palin to drift off into obscurity, you know you can t get enough of her crazy. It s always entertaining, because you really don t know what she s going to say or do next. Then, when she partnered up with Trump for his campaign, it was a comedic writer s dream come true. It really doesn t get much better than that in regards to a tag-team of lunacy.Not to disappoint, Palin took to the Politicon stage in Pasadena, CA, to promote Trump with what we can only assume are sentences in her own mind. However, she is saying words, so, here a few of them: They whispered that they re going to throw in for Hillary against the will of the people in their own primary, and this exposed the establishment s con game. More people learn it doesn t matter to the Beltway bubble boys and girls which side wins elections, as long as they get to keep their titles and their ratings and their power and their purses full. They win, we lose. Bubble boys    kinky.Palin keeps going with this  establishment  phrase, because you know, it was probably on her  word-a-day  toilet paper. She said: The establishment, those profiles in pudding, they bent over for all those things, and now they fret about ideological, lily-white purity. I ll let you read that again to really soak that in Profiles in pudding,   bent over,   lily-white  yeah, she just said all those things in one sentence.Then, while trying to say that even many Republicans are starting to back Hillary Clinton, she said: They re not all thumbsuckers, they re not all bad . I m kidding   they are. Hillary thanks them, because she knows she can t win without them. Actually, Palin, she can win without them, but seeing them embrace sanity over crazy is something to admire.She then rambles on a bit, then offers us this gem about Trump relating to Americans: He gratefully shakes skilled, calloused hands and tugs tight the blue-collar, and he salutes in awe of sacrifice, the American in uniform. It s connection through appreciation, and I do wish you all could know him on that personal level. Palin apparently forgets that he recently threw our military under the bus, claimed to raise funds for them, but didn t, and also got five deferments of his own so he didn t have to serve. He also wouldn t know a hard days work if it was in front of his face and wouldn t know calloused hands if they were the ones stroking his ever-ginormous ego. He s an absolute fraud.But Palin being Palin, she ignores facts and reality and continues to say words in no particular order.Watch Palin speak here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5703," OR Police Chief ‘Accidentally’ Shot Camping Buddy, Then Lied About It","Portland, Oregon Police Chief Larry O Dea is expected to step down on Monday. O Dea s anticipated resignation comes in response to public outrage over a shooting that occurred during a camping trip in April.According to the Los Angeles Times, O Dea and a group of friends were drinking beer and shooting at sage rats during the spring camping trip, when one of the men, 54-year-old Robert Dempsey, was shot in the back.When interviewed by deputies, Chief O Dea insisted he had nothing to do with the shooting. His story was that his camping buddy had somehow accidentally shot himself in the back.The Oregonian reports:O Dea told the Harney County deputy that his friend may have accidentally shot himself while putting his pistol in his shoulder holster while they were shooting ground squirrels, sheriff s reports show.The deputy reported smelling alcohol on O Dea s breath, his report said. O Dea had told the deputy he didn t have his rifle in his hand at the time, but was reaching for a drink out of a cooler and heard his friend scream.Later however, O Dea called Dempsey to apologize for shooting him.Dempsey reported the police chief s call to deputies in charge of the investigation.According to the Oregonian, the Mayor and Police Chief kept the story from the public until late May, when reporters began asking questions.On May 20, nearly a month after the shooting, O Dea finally admitted that he had a  negligent discharge  of his firearm.Aside from the police chief, at least four assistant police chiefs are accused of helping to conceal what really happened the day Dempsey was shot. Those four law enforcement officers are also under investigation for not taking internal action.The Harney County Sheriff s Department have taken over the criminal investigation. The shooting is also being investigated by the Oregon State Police and the state Department of Justice.O Dea is a thirty year veteran of the police force. I m sure he has had years of training on gun safety and completed numerous courses on how to be a  responsible gun owner.  Yet he still shot another man in the back  accidentally. Thankfully, the victim of the police chief s careless, potentially illegal behavior wasn t killed by the bullet that struck him.Since all four assistant police chiefs are under investigation, it s unknown at this time who will be appointed to take O Dea s place.Image credit: Portland Police Department",0
5704, Huckabee FURIOUS After He’s Forced To Pay $25k For Playing ‘Eye Of The Tiger’ At Kim Davis Rally,"When Kim Davis made her way  back on the street  after doing her time and taking her chances, then-presidential candidate Mike Huckabee triumphantly played Survivor s  Eye of the Tiger  to welcome the bigoted Kentucky county clerk back to the civilization whose laws she refused to respect. Davis was jailed briefly after refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay couples in violation of the Supreme Court s ruling that same-sex marriage is legal nationwide   something that angered the band s frontman, Frankie Sullivan. NO! We did not grant Kim Davis any rights to use  My Tune -The Eye Of The Tiger.  I would not grant her the rights to use Charmin!  a furious Sullivan wrote on Twitter following Davis and Huckabee s stunt.  See Ya really SoooooooonnnnnN!!! The Rude Music, which is owned by Sullivan, quickly sued Huckabee for copyright infringement, leading Huckabee s campaign to boldly declare they would not be  bullied  by artists whose only desire is to protect the integrity of their work. Mr. Sullivan is demanding an amount of money that exceeds the average yearly salary of a hard-working American simply because a snippet of his song was played briefly at a rally,  Huckabee spokeswoman Alice Stewart told CNN at the time.  The campaign offered Mr. Sullivan fair compensation, but that offer was rejected. We refuse to be bullied. The campaign argued that the event was a  religious assembly  and that it didn t have to pay because the hate rally was  non-commercial    a strange assertion given that Huckabee s political campaign paid for everything. Ultimately, Huckabee s legal defense performed a perfect imitation of his presidential campaign. He ultimately settled for a confidential amount   but the former Fox News contributor s campaign disclosure forms reveal that he made two payments of $12,500 to Rude Music. The first was listed as a  legal settlement  for  copyright infringement. The second was listed under  debts and obligations. Since Huckabee s campaign was perpetually broke, the 2016 washout petitioned the FEC to allow him to set up a special legal defense fund, but the FEC told him to bootstrap it up and pay the money himself.Featured image via Getty Images/Ty Wright",0
5705," Supreme Court Strikes Down Texas Abortion Law, And Anti-Choicers Are Positively FUMING (TWEETS)","The Supreme Court sided with women on freedom and the right to choose today with their ruling on Texas  restrictive abortion law. In a 5-3 ruling, they said that the arguments that the law merely protects women s health are actually just a substantial burden on women seeking abortions. Since abortion is a constitutional right, no matter what the right-wing thinks, Texas  law was deemed unconstitutional.Justice Stephen Breyer wrote the majority opinion, and said: There was no significant health-related problem that the new law helped to cure. We agree with the District Court that the surgical-center requirement, like the admitting-privileges requirement, provides few, if any, health benefits for women, poses a substantial obstacle to women seeking abortions, and constitutes an  undue burden  on their constitutional right to do so. He was joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Anthony Kennedy, Sonia Sotomayor, and Elena Kagan. Ginsburg wrote her own concurring opinion, where she said: When a State severely limits access to safe and legal procedures, women in desperate circumstances may resort to unlicensed rogue practitioners, faute de mieux, at great risk to their health and safety. The 5-3 decision isn t just a victory for women and women s rights, but it also shows that the Supreme Court would have struck the law down even with a full bench, and a staunch conservative in Scalia s place. Anybody who thinks that a full bench would have stopped this is living in Fantasyland.Even so, anti-choice conservatives are still busy trying to convince people that the law actually protected women. Nothing could be further from the truth, which is why this case went all the way to the Supreme Court. Yet, here they are, in all their righteous anger about it, claiming that today is a sad day for women all across the country.Texas Governor Greg Abbott said (all emphasis from The New York Times): The decision erodes states  lawmaking authority to safeguard the health and safety of women, and subjects more innocent life to being lost. Texas  goal is to protect innocent life while ensuring the highest health and safety standards for women. Senator John Cornyn seems to agree with that. He said: Today s ruling sets a dangerous precedent for states like Texas, which the Constitution makes clear should be free to pass laws that are in the best interests of our citizens. Common-sense requirements that abortion clinics be held to the same standards as other medical facilities put the health of the patient first, and today s decision is a step back in protecting the well-being of mothers across our state. You two just keep telling yourselves that.Of course, National Right To Life can always be counted on to provide total ignorance masquerading as sane, logical reasoning on the issue of abortion: How shabby are these abortion clinics that they cannot meet the minimum standards other outpatient surgical centers are required to meet, and just how bad are these abortionists that they can t get admitting privileges at a local hospital? As we saw with Kermit Gosnell in Philadelphia, it s clear that the lucrative abortion industry is not able or willing to police itself and allows filthy, deplorable conditions to go unchecked. Ah, yes, invoking Kermit Gosnell, as if he s the norm and abortion doctors who are actually ethical and competent are the exception. Don t they have more evidence than that? Oh, wait, no they don t. One case is more than enough for them to think they can justify destroying a woman s right to choose what she does with her own body.Over on Twitter, many are celebrating this as the victory for women it is, but there are still anti-choicers rearing their ugly heads with the same twisted logic, spinning this as a grave mistake endangering thousands of women. Or they re making the argument that this violates states  rights (or doing both). Oh please:Hillary should pick Kermit Gosnell as her running mate  > #SCOTUS #Texas #Abortion #Trump pic.twitter.com/2KRpiFIMHx  EagleGraphs (@EagleGraphs) June 27, 2016 This means more women will die as the clinics which are not to code, will continue to send women to the emergency  https://t.co/sFC0tMHD6X  ConservTexas (@ConservTexas) June 27, 2016Thanks to today s Supreme Court ruling, women in Texas can say goodbye to health inspections and safety standards at their abortion clinics.  Petre Pan (@petr3pan) June 27, 2016 I don t understand why anyone would support the overturn of the Texas abortion laws. Even pro choice activists.  K (@Kristenn_2) June 27, 2016The next woman in Texas that dies due to complications of an abortion will probably die without proper medical care, or care in time.  Jacob Botzman (@JacobBotzman) June 27, 2016 Supreme Court Strikes Down Texas Abortion Law, Dooms Women to Substandard Care https://t.co/OIQJvJXOQK  Sue Merriner (@treetopangel) June 27, 2016#SCOTUS strikes down Texas law designed to provide essential protections for health & safety of women inside the state s abortion facilities  Steve Daines (@SteveDaines) June 27, 2016 How can #aca be constitutional but the #texas law on #abortion clinicals not be? #SCOTUS @Scotus  Andrew Holter MPA (@AndrewHolter) June 27, 2016Score one for women, and zero for misogynistic dung weasels who want to tell women what they can and cannot do with their bodies. It was never about protecting women, or even about protecting unborn babies. The anti-choice, anti-woman argument has always, and will always be, about controlling women and their sexuality. The Supreme Court saw right through it.Featured image by Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
5706, The Supreme Court Just Decided The Second Amendment Does NOT Apply To Everyone,"The Supreme Court just decided that no, not everyone should have access to firearms, upholding the federal law that if you are a domestic abuser, you should not be able to possess a gun. Seems like a no-brainer, but if you re a domestic abuser, you ve already proven yourself to not have much cognitive ability.The case in question was about a Maine resident who was mad he lost his right to possess a firearm. According to CNN: Stephen Voisine pled guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge in 2004 against a girlfriend. Five years later, he was investigated for shooting a bald eagle and as part of the investigation he turned over a firearm to authorities. Seems like a real winner. Oh, and a bald eagle? Really? And he thinks he should be able to own a gun?Well, guess what, Mr. Voisine, and all you other domestic abusers out there, you don t get to own a gun.Justice Elena Kagan read the opinion of the Court: Federal law prohibits any person convicted of a  misdemeanor crime of domestic violence  from possessing a firearm. That phrase is defined to include any misdemeanor committed against a domestic relation that necessarily involves the  use . . . of physical force.  The question presented here is whether misdemeanor assault convictions for reckless (as contrasted to knowing or intentional) conduct trigger the statutory firearms ban. We hold that they do. Kagan then cited the gun law that was enacted by Congress two decades ago: Congress enacted some 20 years ago to  close [a] dangerous loophole  in the gun control laws. United States v. Castleman. An existing provision already barred convicted felons from possessing firearms. But many perpetrators of domestic violence are charged with misdemeanors rather than felonies, notwithstanding the harmfulness of their conduct. And  [f]irearms and domestic strife are a potentially deadly combination.  Accordingly, Congress added to prohibit any person convicted of a  misdemeanor crime of domestic violence  from possessing any gun or ammunition with a connection to interstate commerce. Guns and domestic violence are an incredibly lethal combination. Kudos to the Court for stepping up and doing the right thing. Not every Tom, Dick or Sally just deserves to have a gun just because of the Second Amendment. The amendment was written to arm standing state militias, that were to be trained and utilized by the federal government. It s pretty clear if you read the entire Constitution, especially Article 1 Section 8, and not just the Amendment added to arm the aforementioned militias.Hopefully this is just the beginning of the Supreme Court waking up and realizing guns are lethal and should be better regulated the whole way around. Maybe Congress can take a few notes.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Image",0
5707, WATCH: Elizabeth Warren Skewers Donald Trump For Cheering For Financial Setbacks That Benefit Him,"Senator Elizabeth Warren continued her crusade against Donald Trump on Monday and she she did not hold back.Upon voting to exit the European Union last week, Britain sparked a $2.1 trillion loss across global markets as the Republican nominee cheered. And Warren did not like that one bit, because the financial downturn will affect ordinary Americans more than it affects him.So during a stop in Ohio with Hillary Clinton, Warren tore into Trump in defense of all the Americans who may experience setbacks of their own due to the Brexit vote. Donald Trump says he ll make America great again,  she began. It s stamped on the front of his goofy hat. You wanna see goofy, look at him in that hat. When Donald Trump says  great,  I say,  Great for who, exactly?  For millions of kids struggling to pay for an education? For millions of seniors barely surviving on Social Security? For families that don t fly to Scotland to play golf?  she asked rhetorically.  When he says  Make America Great  he means make it great for rich guys just like Donald Trump. Great for the guys who don t care how much they ve already squeezed from everyone else. Great for the guys who always want more. Because that s who Donald Trump is, the guy who wants it all for himself. And watch out, because he will crush you into the dirt to get what he wants. And then she blasted him for being happy about financial crises that hurt millions of Americans. Donald Trump cheered on Britain s current crisis which has sucked billions of dollars out of your retirement accounts because he said it might bring more rich people to his new golf course. He cheered on the 2008 housing crash because he could scoop up more real estate on the cheap. And he cheered on students desperate enough to sign up for his fake university so he could bleed them dry and turn a profit for himself. What kind of a man does that? What kind of a man roots for people to lose their jobs, to lose their homes, to lose their life savings? I ll tell you what kind of a man. A small insecure, money-grubber who fights for no one but himself. A nasty man who will never become President of the United States. She then introduced Hillary Clinton to thunderous applause, thus making it clear that she would be a great choice if she is picked as Hillary s vice-presidential running mate.Here s the video via YouTube.Hillary Clinton would be wise to choose Warren as her VP. Not only would it be an all-female ticket, it would help solidify her status among progressives who haven t fallen in line to support her. And if this speech foreshadows anything it s that Donald Trump is about to get his ass handed to him in November by two women instead of just one.Featured image via screenshot",0
5708," White Men Threw Eggs, Shouted Racial Slurs At Black Woman Waiting For Bus","On Friday, St. Louis police arrested two 30-year-old white men in connection with a racially motivated attack on a Black woman.According to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Jesse Reed and David Ragain, both of Jefferson County, Missouri, maliciously attacked the woman as she was waiting at a public bus stop.The men threw eggs and shouted racial slurs at the victim, according to police.The men were taken into custody after police identified one of the suspects  vehicles, using video from surveillance cameras.Both Reed and Ragain are charged with  assault motivated by discrimination,  a third-degree felony. They are currently being held on a $20,000 bond.St. Louis police believe that the pair has carried out similar attacks against people of color in the past. They are asking any person who believes they were targeted by the two men to come forward. These weren t two white teenagers on a joy ride,  St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said during an interview with the Post-Dispatch.Indeed, this was a deliberate, planned and unprovoked act of hate, carried out by two adult men.As reported here, hate crimes like this can have a lingering psychological impact both on the targeted victim and on the Black community as a whole.Racially motivated attacks cause  generalized terror in the group to which the victim belongs, inspiring feelings of vulnerability over the other members, who could be the next victims. People of color have been terrorized by racist whites since the United States was founded.Over the past year racially motivated attacks have become more and more common across the U.S., a fact which can be directly attributed to the rise of Donald Trump.Trump s racist hate speech has been cited as the motivation for everything from targeted racist mailings, directed at members of the Latino community, to the brutal assault and beating of a homeless man by two Boston-area brothers.As Addicting Info reported here:Since last September, America s Voice has been tracking instances where Trump, his staff and his supporters have assaulted or harassed immigrants and Latinos. As you can imagine, his special brand of xenophobia and racism has caused a lot of white nationalists to feel comfortable with their hate for  others. Using reports of Trump inspired racist attacks, the group created an interactive map which shows just how dangerous the candidate s hate speech really is.While we hear Trump and his supporters talk a lot about the dangers of Muslim terrorists in the U.S., racist white terrorists remain the most common, and the most dangerous threat to American citizens.Residents of the United States are seven times more likely to be killed by a right-wing terrorist than a Muslim terrorist. Nearly 60 percent of hate crimes committed in the United States are motivated by racial and ethnic bias. Another 20 percent are motivated by gender identity and sexual orientation. Religiously motivated hate crimes, attacks on Muslims, Jews, atheists and other non-Christian groups, also account for nearly 20 percent of hate crimes.Contrary to Trump s propaganda, we don t need a watch-list to identify who the real terrorists are. We have more than enough evidence to identify the hateful, violent and dangerous groups that are terrorizing the American people.Featured image via limecools on Flickr",0
5709, Former GOP Rep. Says Electing President Obama Was The ‘Greatest Act Of Racism’ In American History,"Republicans are trying so hard not to expose themselves as the racists they truly are. Now that their nominee for President of the United States is a proud and open bigot, other members of the GOP are concealing their own prejudices   or at least some are.Then you have some who just don t care, and are perfectly fine with exposing themselves as ignorant, bigoted whack jobs.Take former Republican Representative Joe Walsh. A one term member of Congress turned radio host, Walsh made a name for himself by being an outspoken critic of the Obama Administration, and went from being a self-described moderate to a full fledged Tea Partier. Now, we all know how heartless he was when he called on the Obama Admin. to secure the boarder with moats and alligators. But now he s exposed himself as truly one of the most backwards honking racists in the American political atmosphere.Yesterday, Walsh thought it would be a good idea to refer to the election of Barack Obama as the most racist event in American history:The single greatest act of racism in American history was the election of Barack Obama.People voted for him simply because he was black.  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) June 26, 2016Yes, he actually said that. In his eyes, the election of the United States  first African-American president was more racist than the following: the Trail of Tears, slavery, Japanese internment, or Jim Crow. These are just some (but certainly not all) of the dark, racist brutalities committed in American history, and a middle-aged, white Republican man thinks Obama being elected by the will of the people is the most racist thing to happen.It s as if Republicans are trying to officially be the party of racism and sheer stupidity.And while Republicans go on and on about how Democrats don t respect the will of the people, they decide their best and brightest ought to insult the will of the American electorate, who decided to choose President Obama (twice), not because of his skin color, but because his ideas were better than McCain and Romney s.Republicans still have not managed to understand their own autopsy report from 2012, when minority voters delivered one hell of a wake up call to their hopes of taking back the White House. Instead of heeding the warning, they have decided to double down on the hopes that their precious white voters would ride in and save the day. It didn t work in 2012, it certainly won t work in 2016. And considering President Obama s approval rating is at a five year high of 56 percent, insulting his election as  racist  and insulting the intelligence of his voters certainly won t help make the GOP s case.This is a guy who accused Tammy Duckworth (who beat him in his reelection bid) of politicizing her war record and injuries sustained in combat. This is the guy who, after his term ended, attempted to forego paying child support because he was  unemployed.  This is the guy who thinks two national elections were decided simply because of a man s skin color.This is the face of the GOP.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
5710, It’s Official: #Brexit Has Made The U.K. As Racist As Donald Trump Has Made Us (TWEETS),"A few days ago, Great Britain voted to walk off a cliff by leaving the European Union, sending the world into a frenzy. Parliament still has to ratify the vote, so it s not a binding resolution (yet), however, it has already had some terrible effects on the U.K. Since the vote, the rate of blatant racism and hate crimes has skyrocketed over there. Brexit turned the U.K. into what we ve become here, thanks to the rise of Donald Trump.What s sad is that, according to The Independent, many of the perpetrators of these crimes cite the  leave  vote as a reason for their crimes, because that totally makes it okay. Yet, the victims of those crimes aren t just immigrants   many of them are people who were born in the U.K., but don t look sufficiently  domestic  for the xenophobic white supremacists that have taken over the country.Sound familiar? It s because we have that problem here, thanks to Trump and his xenophobic, white supremacist followers. Just look at what CBS reporter Sopan Deb goes through while covering His Royal Racist. He s repeatedly asked if he works for ISIS, and is frequently the target of Islamophobic remarks from Trump s loyal fans. He was also assaulted by cops at Trump s cancelled rally in Chicago.Social media is abuzz with this. There s a photo album on Facebook, called Worrying Signs, that contains well over 100 instances of people talking about racist encounters, or witnessing that racism happen to someone else. Below is a sampling of tweets that show what s happening across the pond:Man s t-shirt reads  Welcome to Britain now fit in or f*ck off . Tells me he s got his  country back.  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) June 25, 2016  It s to stop Muslims coming into this country. Simple as that.  #Brexit #c4news pic.twitter.com/bFiAVXTtdt  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) June 24, 2016Man: There s too many foreigners in this country, none of them work. Me: 78% of them work. Man: Well if they re in work good luck to them.  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) June 24, 2016 Been standing here five minutes. Three different people have shouted  send them home . pic.twitter.com/cVvmYvC73o  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) June 24, 2016Gloucester @Tesco:  this is England, foreigners have 48 hours to f**k right off. Who is foreign here? Anyone foreign?  #Brexit  Max Fras (@fullofeels) June 24, 2016 Silence from all the political parties in face of a spike of racist and xenophobic abuse is an absolute fucking disgrace. Shame shame shame  M4-T (@MatofKilburnia) June 26, 2016Some Polish workers interviewed on #Brexit by @BBCLookNorth did not want their faces to be shown for fear of reprisals. New-look #UK.  David Head (@DavidHeadViews) June 24, 2016 So less than 20 hrs after Brexit results announced, I have the pleasure of being called  a Paki c*nt in a suit  by a homeless man.  Banking Buddha (@TheBuddhaSmiled) June 24, 2016Currently at the bus stop and a van went by with someone screaming  WHITE POWER .Hmm. #Brexit  Stephanie (@NerdAboutTown) June 24, 2016 This evening my daughter left work in Birmingham and saw group of lads corner a Muslim girl shouting  Get out, we voted leave . Awful times  Heaven Crawley (@heavencrawley) June 24, 2016Picture from Romford today. (Photo with permission from the must-follow @diamondgeezer) pic.twitter.com/tsB56jAuww  Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) June 25, 2016 Police investigating after hateful notes were posted through letterboxes of Polish residents in Cambridgeshire following the Brexit vote.  LBC Breaking (@lbcbreaking) June 25, 2016About that emboldening of racists- I just confronted a pissed guy in the street who was shouting racist & sexist abuse at a black woman.  Tom Gann (@Tom_Gann) June 24, 2016  F*cking foreigner, go back to your country : just watched this outrageous racist incident in #Hackney https://t.co/87rqFKIhOv  Shulem Stern (@ShulemStern) June 24, 2016Italian person I was w/ last night was assaulted for asking how someone voted. Knocked out w/ a bottle, lost a tooth, stitches. I m scared.  Kirsty Allan (@kirstyrallan) June 26, 2016Here in the U.S., we have a Trump fan running for Congress who wants to  make America white again.  We have people who are just fine with Trump saying that Latinos are  illegals  who are  rapists and killers.  We have a state governor who claimed the rise of drug abuse in his state was due to guys with names like  D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty,  and said that they  impregnate a young white girl before they leave.  He replied to criticism with,  Race is irrelevant. Trump didn t create these problems, his rise just made it okay to be a racist pig in the open, and claim that anyone who s offended is just trying to force  political correctness  on them. And so it is with the U.K., where the Brexit movement made it okay to be openly racist towards immigrants again.We hope these people the ones who spurred this xenophobic outrage by painting anyone who isn t a white, British native as one of their main problems are proud of themselves.Featured image by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
5711, Red Cross Sorry For Blatantly Racist Pool Safety Poster,"Margaret Sawyer was shocked when she encountered a blatantly racist  swim safe  poster at a public swimming pool in Salida, Colorado.Titled Be Cool, Follow The Rules, the poster, produced by the Red Cross, shows Black and white children engaged in various activities around a public swimming pool.Arrows pointing to the children are accompanied by the words  Cool,  or  Not Cool. As you can see from the image below, all of the dark-skinned children are misbehaving in the picture. The labels placed on these kids read  Not Cool. In contrast, the white boys and girls are shown doing something acceptable. These kids are labelled  Cool. Image credit: John Sawyer via TwitterAfter seeing the poster, Sawyer says she reported her concerns to the lifeguard on duty. She also followed up by writing a letter to the management of the facility.She assumed that would be the end of it. At the time she, she says, she believed that the poster was printed years ago and just never taken down.When she and her family visited another Colorado pool, this time in Fort Morgan, Sawyer was shocked to find the exact same poster on display there. She again reported it to management.She also took a photo, uploading it to social media.The public backlash that followed prompted a quick response from the Red Cross:The American Red Cross appreciates and is sensitive to the concerns raised regarding one of the water safety posters we produced. We deeply apologize for any misunderstanding, as it was absolutely not our intent to offend anyone. As one of the nation s oldest and largest humanitarian organizations, we are committed to diversity and inclusion in all that we do, every day.The organization went on to say: Going forward, we are developing more appropriate materials that are more representative of our workforce and the communities we serve. The Red Cross says it has removed the poster from its website and notified its aquatic partner facilities to take it down.Sawyer, a mother of two, says the apology isn t enough. She is calling on the Red Cross to partner with organizations like Black Kids Swim, as well as groups that advocate for people of color.Sawyer is also calling on the public to write letters expressing their concerns to the American Red Cross.During an interview with NBC, Sawyer said:I think it s really important to think about the messages that we re sending kids. I ask for all of us to take that job on.Image credit: John Sawyer via Twitter",0
5712, Trump’s Flip-Flop: Now He’s Complaining That Obama Deports Too Many People,"Donald Trump appears to be backing off on his pledge to deport immigrants, at least he appeared to be earlier on Saturday. Instead, Trump is accusing Obama of being too anti-immigrant.Yes, you read that right. In an interview in Scotland, he said that he would limit deportations to countries with known terrorists and he would start over again on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. He toned down his usual xenophobic rhetoric to say that his policies would have  heart,  unlike, according to him, President Obama. President Obama has mass deported vast numbers of people   the most ever, and it s never reported. I think people are going to find that I have not only the best policies, but I will have the biggest heart of anybody,  Trump said.Pressed on whether he would issue  mass deportations,  Trump answered:  No, I would not call it mass deportations. Source: Bloomberg.comIt s a damned good thing that Trump has the best health insurance money can buy, because he s risking a serious case of whiplash. In the last few months alone, Trump has said about immigration: Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on. According to Pew Research, among others, there is great hatred towards Americans by large segments of the Muslim population. That s pretty definitive. I think Islam hates us,  Trump told CNN s Anderson Cooper after he was asked whether he thinks Islam is at war with the West.  There s a tremendous hatred. We have to get to the bottom of it. There is an unbelievable hatred of us. If Islam hates us (they don t), then why let in immigrants from any country at all? I will build a great wall and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me and I ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words. The entire foundation of his campaign was built around this  wall.  I never thought of Mexico as a Muslim country, let alone one that hates us. I do business with the Mexican people, but you have people coming through the border that are from all over. And they re bad. They re really bad. You have people coming in, and I m not just saying Mexicans, I m talking about people that are from all over that are killers and rapists and they re coming into this country. I guess he won t be keeping these people out. We must have strong borders and not let illegal immigrants enter the United States. As has been stated continuously in the press, people are pouring across our borders unabated. Public reports routinely state great amounts of crime are being committed by illegal immigrants. If anything, this latest pivot could be a misguided attempt to appeal to Bernie Sanders voters, who often disagree with Obama s deportation policies. Yes, it is true that Obama has deported a record number of immigrants, but that s not a fact we would have heard from the Donald Trump of last week or last month, or likely of tomorrow.h/t: Newsday, America s Voice | Featured image via Jeff J. Mitchell with Getty Images. ",0
5713, Leaked Video Shows Probation Officers Brutalizing Teen At CA Detention Center (VIDEO),"A leaked video shows a group of probation officers brutally beating a teen inside a California detention center.The video, which was leaked to Witness LA by someone from inside the probation department, shows four probation officers beating the teen, while a supervisor looks on.According to Witness LA, the video was recorded inside Barry J. Nidorf Juvenile Hall, located in Sylmar, California.The video has no sound, but it does show the 17-year-old talking to the supervisor moments before the attack. The footage does not show the teen threatening the officer in any way.A second officer rushes in from the hallway and begins hitting the teen from behind. As more officers rush into the room, the teenager is tackled and thrown to onto the cell s cot.The officers pile on top of him. Video shows them punching the kid over and over again. At this point he is on his stomach, but his head and upper body are no longer on the cot.The supervisor remains standing near the doorway, watching the entire incident unfold.According to Witness LA:The supervisor, who appeared to be overseeing the beating, was reportedly the facility s  Officer of the Day  meaning, he was like a watch commander at a police or sheriff s station. He was the guy in charge of the whole place.About a minute into the beating another uniformed officer can be seen entering the cell. He watches for a few brief seconds, then exits the room, leaving the officers to continue beating the minor who is in their charge.Witness LA reports that this person was a second supervisor.The beating lasts nearly two minutes.After being seen briefly by a nurse, the teenager was taken to a hospital where he was treated for multiple injuries, including bruising, black eyes, swelling and abrasions. He was also treated for a sprain.Witness LA did not release the entire video. A portion of it was published by ABC 7. Watch the footage below, via YouTube. Image credit: Video screen capture via ABC 7 News on YouTube",0
5714, Pope Francis Demands Christians Apologize For Marginalizing LGBT People,"As the United States celebrates gay pride, marriage equality enters its first year, and the world partakes in solidarity for those lost in the Orlando shooting, Pope Francis is issuing his own personal decree to fellow Christians: apologize for marginalizing LGBT citizens.After a holy trip to Armenia, Pope Francis bluntly stated that the Catholic Church, as well as other Christians, needed to apologize to gays and lesbians for  not having comported itself well many times, many times  and called all Christians  sinners  for ostracizing them for so many years: I believe that the church not only must say its sorry   to this person that is gay that it has offended, but it must say it  sorry to the poor, also, to mistreated women, to children forced to work. When I say the church: Christians. The church is healthy. We are the sinners. When responding to questions regarding German Cardinal Reinhard Marx, who suggested the Church apologize, Francis doubled down: I will repeat the same thing I said on the first trip. I will also repeat what the Catechism of the Catholic Church says: that [gay people] should not be discriminated against, that they have to be respected, pastorally accompanied. The matter is a person that has that condition [and] that has good will because they search for God. Who are we to judge them? Francis, using anecdotes from his younger days in Argentina, praised the shift of acceptance, saying,  The culture has changed   and thank God! Christians; we must say we are sorry many times; not only on this. These are the Pope s strongest words yet in favor of a broader acceptance of LGBTQ in the Church. As Republican lawmakers, many of whom are Catholic, continue down a generous and hateful road of bigotry and discrimination, the real Catholics (including the leader of the church) are standing firm against hatred and bigotry.Although not an endorsement of unions of love between same-sex couples, a big step in the right direction   yet again   no doubt. A culture of acceptance makes way for endless possibilities.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
5715, Dan Rather Delivers The Hard Truth About Trump And The Media,"While few who know anything at all about the realities of the world support Donald Trump, and while media figures don t generally offer their support to Trump, they are completely complicit in the billionaire s rise, mostly because he makes them a lot of money. Dan Rather has been part of the media for a very long time, and what Rather is seeing this time is anything but democratic. What I worry about is, in a way, the media is a political partner, a business partner of Donald Trump,  Rather said on CNN s  Reliable Sources. The media wants the ratings,  he went on.  Trump delivers the ratings. In a way, they re business partners. I think there has been some media complicity in the rise of Trump. It s not the only factor, but it has been a factor of providing him so much airtime, and in some cases being complicit in arranging that airtime,  he said.Source: Huffington PostRather did offer a solution to the problem, and it s a pretty obvious one, but the media would have to ignore its ratings grab. The role of the journalist is to be an adversary, so I think the defense is, make an editorial judgment, make sure you offer the same to the other side,  he said.  I m not sure you want to have him live three times a day for an hour and a half at a time. Rather is right. Back in March, it was reported that Trump had had $2 billion in free advertising disguised as news stories. They often broke away from other candidates in favor of covering Trump rallies.To put that amount of money in perspective, it was widely reported last week that Hillary Clinton had nearly 40x the money that Trump s campaign had, but that, at $42 million, compared to Trump s $1.3 million, is still a drop in the bucket, compared to $2 billion in media coverage. The amount of money Clinton would need to raise to make up for that media deficit is virtually impossible.Featured image via Larry Busacca at Getty Images",0
5716, Hillary Gives HUGE Middle Finger To GOP Bigots With Surprise Showing In NYC Pride Parade,"While Donald the Trump is busy making the rounds decrying immigration, Hillary Clinton decided to make a surprise appearance in New York City for Pride. She joined NYC mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Andrew Cuomo on the parade route near the Stonewall Inn   an especially fitting show of solidarity and support following the Orlando massacre.Hillary has worked hard on reaching out to the LGBT community, and right now, they need it more than ever. The entire community was rocked to its core by the Orlando massacre, and how they feel right now is evident in Pride celebrations that are more subdued than usual.Some have avoided Pride altogether out of fear. Others have refused to engage anybody that might show the slightest hint that they re bigoted towards the LGBT community. Make no mistake, Orlando was a direct attack on their community and they have every reason to be terrified right now.Where are the Republicans who decried Orlando? Oh, right, twiddling their thumbs, shaking their heads, and making empty gestures so they don t piss off their evangelical base. Paul Ryan said that authorities knew Omar Mateen had specifically targeted the LGBT community. Then he gave the LGBT community a big  fuck you  when he introduced a rule that the House wouldn t vote on any measure giving workplace protections to LGBT employees of federal contractors.Marco Rubio pretended to mourn the massacre while saying that it can make people think harder about where they can best serve their countries. It s not likely he s talking about military service, and that was a ridiculous way of saying he ll continue to work on behalf of the hate-filled evangelicals from which the horror of Orlando came.And then there s good ol  Ted Cruz. He tried to use Orlando to convince people that it s really the Democrats who are responsible for the deaths of millions of LGBT people all over the world. So why isn t he marching in Pride parades, then? He should if he really wants to make the point that it s not his side of things that caused this.Trump himself once thanked the LGBT community and claimed nobody would be better for them than him, because he ll allegedly fight for their freedoms while Hillary wants to take them away. However, he s also said he d never appoint justices to the Supreme Court who would support marriage equality, and wants people who would give serious thought to overturning Obergefell v. Hodge. Since when is taking a right away from a specific group of people the same as fighting for their freedom?Hillary supports full equality and isn t afraid to say so. She s also unafraid to show up at a major Pride event to show her support. She didn t let the organizers know about her plans because monkey wrenches of all sorts had already been thrown into the works for so many Pride celebrations, thanks to Orlando, so it wasn t totally a surprise. However, some of her campaign volunteers said that she had been planning this for weeks. She would have appeared to show support and solidarity even if Orlando hadn t happened. The GOP? We hear crickets from them, if not outright discriminatory statements.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5717, Michelle Obama And Her Daughters Are Visiting Africa – And Racists Are Having A Field Day (SCREENSHOTS)," Go back to Africa  is a phrase one would expect to hear someone tell an African-American at a Trump rally, but it s also something one can expect to hear pretty much anytime the Obama family is referenced. On Sunday, USA Today reported that the First Lady and her daughters are on their way to Liberia and Morocco as part of the Let Girls Learn initiative, a program the President and Michelle started last year to educate the more than 62 million girls worldwide who don t attend school.While there, Michelle Obama plans to meet with President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia, the first female elected head of state on the continent of Africa, as well as speak to local teenage girls. This is very important, as nearly two-thirds of Liberia s school-aged children do not attend class. In Morocco, 85% of girls are enrolled in primary schools but that number drops as low as 14% by high school.This is, of course, a very important problem and an admirable initiative   so, naturally, conservatives have a problem with it. The comment section of USA Today quickly flooded with racist remarks, with conservatives demanding that the Obamas stay there   with many gleefully declaring that they are going  home  and demanding that they take other black people with them. And, of course, the  not-racists  seized upon the opportunity to call them monkeys:      It s not just USA Today; Everywhere we have looked at this story, the comment section is the same. Take news station WKYC, for example:          It s almost like the Obama family can t do anything without being subjected to racist hatred. When Malia Obama graduated high school, conservatives everywhere congratulated her by calling her a n*gger and other unsavory terms. When she got into Harvard, the racist hatred was so horrific that Fox News was forced to close down the comment section. When Sasha Obama turned 15, she was subjected to a barrage of bigotry. They even periodically dredge up old sources of their outrage to relive their opportunity to bash the Obama children.It s important to remember that each and every one of these racist dickbags will be voting in November. Make sure you re there and voting BLUE to counter that.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
5718," Nazi Demonstration Turns Violent, Multiple Counter-Protesters Stabbed (VIDEO)","Violence broke out during a white supremacist rally in Sacramento, California on Saturday. According to KCRA, at least six people were stabbed. The victims were transported to area hospitals, some with critical injuries.The rally was orchestrated by the Traditionalist Workers Party, a neo-nazi group, which staged the protests outside the state capitol building. Other white supremacist groups may have joined the demonstration as well.Anti-racism activists organized a counter-protest in response to the group s demonstration. Counter-protesters began arriving at the state capitol long before the 12 pm demonstration was scheduled to take place.Frances Wang of ABC 10 in Sacramento, who was live at the scene, posted updates on Twitter.As white supremacist groups began arriving on the scene, chaos apparently broke out.Multiple fights broke out between nazi demonstrators and counter-protesters. Wang captured video of some of the initial violence. Watch below, courtesy of ABC 10.A short time later reports of mass casualties began to emerge. Multiple stabbing victims were treated at the scene, before being taken away by ambulance.So far police have made no arrests, nor have they provided specific details regarding the stabbing victims.Many of the counter-protesters were dressed in all black. A photo showing one of the stabbing victims, posted to Twitter by Bradley Allen, suggests that the victims are counter-protesters, rather than members of the white supremacist group.Image credit via Bradley Allen on TwitterABC 10 reports that the protest was cancelled following the violent attack.Counter-demonstrators remained outside the capitol building. In spite of the violence, anti-fascist groups declared victory for having shut down the Nazi demonstration.Image credit via Bradley Allen on TwitterWhile it s not currently known how many nazi protesters actually attended the rally, Twitter user Lord Of The Game posted a photo of two white supremacists leaving with injuries as well.Image credit Lord Of The Game via TwitterHere s more from Dark Horse News, via YouTube.Counter-protesters continue to Tweet updates to the hashtag #NoNazisInSac.Image credit: video screen capture via Dark Horse News on Twitter",0
5719, WATCH: Chuck Todd Reveals More Evidence Trump’s Campaign Is A Money Making Scheme,"On Sunday, Meet the Press host Chuck Todd revealed more specifics that help make the case that Donald Trump is raking in big money from his campaign   or at least his businesses are.During the segment, Todd explains that since much of Trump s lavish campaign spending is being spent buying products his and his family s businesses make, or at properties they own, Trump s found a legal way to funnel campaign contributions back into his private business. Rachael Maddow first made the case that Trump s campaign was a money making scheme earlier this week. Now, Todd is making a very similar case, while providing even more examples of Trump s campaign spending. Todd explained: We ll start with Eric Trump s businesses. The Trump campaign paid nearly $5,000 to Eric Trump Wine Manufacturing. It spent over $91,000 to rent out three different Trump golf clubs in Florida for events. $136,000 to Trump restaurants including Trump Grill and Trump Cafe in Trump Tower. Over $420,000 to rent Trump s Mar-a-Lago club in Florida. That also doubles as his vacation home.There s been more than $430,000 of Trump campaign money spent on rent at the Trump Tower. Of course, it s his Fifth Avenue skyscraper that does double as Trump s campaign headquarters.And the biggest expense of all has been $4.6 million the campaign has paid to Tag Air, which is the name of Trump s private airline.All told, the campaign has spent over $6 million at Trump-owned businesses out of about $63 million spent through the end of May.So 10 percent of all campaign spending has gone back to Trump or Trump affiliated businesses. Again, none of what Trump is doing is illegal. Todd also points out that while the world was reacting to Brexit, Trump flew to Scotland to promote his new golf course there   hardly offering more than a few idiotic sentiments on one of the biggest political shocks of the 21st century. That s not something a true presidential candidate would do. Combined with his campaign s lack of direction and well, a complete lack of campaigning the past month, evidence is quickly piling up that Trump s campaign has never been about anything other than publicity, while making him and his family a ton of money at the same time.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5720, MSNBC Pundit: Trump Pushes ‘White Racist Supremacist Nationalism’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a racist. That is a fact that cannot be disputed. He has the support of white supremacists and other professional bigots, and yet the GOP elite continue to line up behind him, all while swearing they aren t racists. Well MSNBC political commentator Michael Eric Dyson has had enough.During a conversation with Republican strategist Alex Castellanos, Dyson unloaded and pointed out that Trump is promoting white nationalism during a conversation regarding the United Kingdom s Brexit vote. It is, in fact the same sort of dangerous xenophobia, racism, and nationalism that caused people in Britain to vote pro-Brexit. As we are now seeing, it is not a good thing in the United Kingdom, and that same sort of nationalism that drives Trump s political success is not a good thing here in America either. Here is a transcript of the exchange, via Media Matters:ALEX CASTELLANOS: The Brexit vote is a vote for the idea of nationhood.MICHAEL ERIC DYSON: It s nationalism.CASTELLANOS: Right, in Europe you ve destroyed borders. You can travel anywhere. Immigration has destroyed borders. There are no economic borders now. Greece can spend money that Germany has to pay back. The British looked at this and said, we think being a nation is a good idea and that we ought to be one.DYSON: But nationalism is not the answerCASTELLANOS: Of course it is.DYSON: I m saying nationalism within AmericaCASTELLANOS: There were nations before the EU. There will be nations afterwards. This is not a crisis. And when Donald Trump talks about building a wall  DYSON: For who?CASTELLANOS:   what people are hearing is we ought to have a real nation for all of us.DYSON: Donald Trump s nation doesn t represent all of us. When he keeps saying he wants to ban Muslims. He wants to keep immigrants out. He wants to build a wall. And look, at his rallies, when black people are pushed around, he then says, I will pay for the legal fees. Donald Trump amplifies the worst instincts. And his nationalism is really a white racist supremacist nationalism that reeks terror on the American democratic experiment.Dyson is right. Trump s divisive, violent, racist rhetoric only serves to prey on people s fears, ignorance, and prejudices. It divides rather than unites. Diversity is a beautiful thing, but if Donald Trump has his way, there will be no such thing.Watch the exchange below, again via Media Matters:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5721, WATCH: Media Critic DESTROYS CNN For Hiring Trump’s Campaign Manager,"It s no secret that people are furious over the fact that CNN hired Donald Trump s former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, just three days after he was fired from his position in Trump s presidential campaign. CNN felt the full force of the outrage during a panel discussion on CNN s Reliable Sources.Before the panel discussion began, host Brian Stelter launched into the controversy surrounding Lewandowski s hiring. Stelter points out that Lewandowski has been consistently hostile to reporters during his job as Trump s campaign manager, he has been accused of battery by former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields   with video evidence to support the claim   and the fact that Lewandowski may very well have signed a non-disclosure agreement with Trump.During the discussion, Baltimore Sun media critic David Zurawik did not hold back his feelings about CNN s newest paid commentator. When asked how he feels about the hiring Zurawik said, I hate it. We are at this time in history where I think a lot of people feel that the media elites and political elites are in bed together and they re the losers. The people in America feel they are the losers. Zurawik says that he thinks that Lewandowski s hiring is particularly troubling to people because he fully embraced the tactics of McCarthyism during his time in the Trump campaign. The other thing I do want to say about getting information about the process from Lewandowski. Brian, if the folks at CNN, who I think have the best political reporters on television   if you guys need to pay him to tell you what s going on inside the Trump campaign, give your money back, you re not earning your paychecks. Let s find out the old fashioned way. By reporting it, not paying weasels to tell you about it. You can watch the panel discussion below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
5722, WATCH: GOP Governor Has Full Blown Freak Out Over Truth About Trump’s Racism,"During a segment of CNN s State of the Union, Arizona s Republican Governor Jan Brewer became very upset over accusations that Trump supporters, including herself, are being labeled as racists and bigots for supporting the GOP s presumptive presidential nominee.Last Friday, President Obama went after Trump in a speech where he referred to Trump as a  charlatan  going on to say that  we don t have time for bigotry or hatred. Brewer was questioned on how she felt about the president s characterization of Trump. She responded by saying: Obama just always comes tearing after Republicans constantly, calling names and calling people bigots and racists. And that s their big comeback, you know. And it s absolutely ridiculous. To see a president, speak like that is offensive. Former Democrat primary candidate and current governor of Maryland told Brewer that the President wasn t referring to all Republicans when President Obama made the remarks under discussion. O Malley did back up the president s comments, however, saying that: He [President Obama] did say it rightly that Donald Trump is a bigot, Donald Trump is a racist. Donald Trump is, in fact, making fascist appeals. That s why many self-respecting Republicans are not supporting Donald Trump. Brewer claimed that no matter what the topic is, Democrats refuse to talk policy and instead only want to sling accusations of racism and bigotry towards Republicans. The show s host Jake Tapper asked Brewer if she believed that Trump s proposals and remarks are at least somewhat racially motivated. Instead of admitting that it is possible, she simply blamed the things that Trump says that make her  uncomfortable  on his political juvenility.From there, Brewer descends into a full-blown freak out over accusations that Trump and his supporters might just possibly have racist motivations.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5723," Trump Lashes Out At George Will For Leaving The GOP, Will’s Response Guts Him","It was only a matter of time before Donald Trump responded to conservative columnist George Will leaving the GOP, and the Republican nominee did so childishly as usual.While Trump was in Scotland fawning over his new golf course, Will attended a Federalist Society event on Friday and made the shocking announcement that he has left the Republican Party and changed his party affiliation to  unaffiliated. This is not my party,  Will said before urging Republicans to  make sure  Trump  loses.  Republicans will just have to  grit their teeth  through four years of Hillary Clinton and try again in 2020 when they wise up enough to nominate someone who isn t as offensive as Trump.Will explained on Sunday that his exodus from the party is the result of Trump viciously attacking Judge Gonzalo Curiel for being of Mexican heritage. For weeks, Trumps has launched racist attacks at the judge, who is overseeing the case against Trump University, and saying that Curiel can t be fair to him because of what he has said about Mexicans and his support of a wall. After Trump went after the  Mexican  judge from northern Indiana then Paul Ryan endorsed him, I decided that in fact this was not my party anymore,  Will told Fox News Sunday.That was the last straw for Will and he decided to leave the Republican train wreck after decades of supporting the party through thick and thin.After returning back to the United States from Scotland, however, Donald Trump couldn t hold his tongue and threw a hissy fit on Twitter about Will dumping the party because of him. George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party,  Trump wrote.  He s made many bad calls. George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He s made many bad calls  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2016And George Will had no problem responding by taking a shot at Trump s knowledge and intelligence.  He has an advantage on me, because he can say everything he knows about any subject in 140 characters and I can t. Here s the video via YouTube.Now THAT is how you burn someone. Take notes, Donald.Featured Image: Twitter and Bloomberg/Getty Images",0
5724, Mitch McConnell: The Republican Platform Won’t Be Written By Trump (VIDEO),"Cracks are beginning to form in the GOP s wall of ambivalence regarding the future platform of the Republican Party. For months, top Republicans have dodged questions left and right about controversial policies proposed by the presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. On Sunday morning, during an interview on ABC s This Week, Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) told the show s host, George Stephanopoulos, the following: If you look at the platform that will be written at our convention, we are not changing the basic principles that Republicans believe in. Our nominee may not agree with every single one of those but the Party will remain America s conservative party. Stephanopoulos then questioned McConnell for specifics, asking him if the GOP plans on including language into the platform that supports the adoption of a ban on Muslims entering the United States   a policy proposal laid out by Trump that has deeply split the Republican Party and their presumptive nominee like no other. McConnell was also questioned as to whether the Party would continue to advocate for cutting Medicare and Social Security. McConnell responded by saying: It s my expectation that the platform will be a traditional Republican Platform, not all that different from the one we had four years ago. Stephenopolous asks,  So it won t be Mr. trump s platform? McConnell responded by saying: It ll be the platform of the Republican Party and I don t expect it to differ that much from the platform we had four years ago. While still ambivalent, we can clearly see that Trump is not going to have much of a voice in the creation of the Republican Party platform.You can watch the interview below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCb_GEQOQiEFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5725, President Obama’s Approval Rating Has Climbed To A Five Year High,"A new poll released from ABC/Washington Post shows some very good news for Democrats: not only is Hillary Clinton crushing Donald Trump, but President Obama s approval rating has hit a five year high   topping off at 56 percent of people who approve of him   a five point gain from the last poll conducted. Only 41 percent disapprove.The last time President Obama s approval rating was that high was when Osama bin Laden was killed in May 2011. It s also worth noting that the President s approval rating was taken in the immediate aftermath of the Orlando shooting, the deadliest terror attack on U.S. soil since 9/11.But wait, there s more good news: not only does 56 percent of the American electorate approve of President Obama s presidency overall, 55 percent approve (42 disapprove) of his handling of the economy. Considering Trump likes to paint himself as the  best  man to handle the economy, the news should offer him and his campaign a much needed wake up call.As the Post noted:Obama is more popular now than Republicans George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush in the waning months of their presidencies. Although Obama s approval rating has not reached the level of former Democratic president Bill Clinton s in 2000, his standing suggests that he could be a relatively effective surrogate for Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail.Just think about it   Clinton already has a huge lead over Trump, and that s before the very popular President Obama has hit the campaign trail. Once Americans see what will be leaving and what might be succeeding them, one could expect to see not only Clinton s poll numbers to rise, but Obama s as well.So what say you, Republicans? A healthy majority of Americans support the president and loathe your candidate. I don t think Republicans get to talk about the  will  of the American people anymore. They have no ground to stand on, no leverage, and no one seems to be taking them seriously anymore.President Reagan s final year approval high was 65 percent, just nine points higher than President Obama s. The President still has six more months, and considering how unpopular Donald Trump is becoming, America should expect to see it climb higher.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5726," ‘It Was Me’: Trump Fan In Charge Of Boycotting Apple Says He, Not Brexit, Responsible For Market Crash","Donald Trump sure knows how to pick his surrogates. They seem to be just as deluded and self-centered as he is. In the midst of the world economy facing catastrophic consequences as the United Kingdom votes to exit the European Union, one of Trump s supporters, Wayne Allyn Root, went on television and took credit for the economic crisis.Now most people would not want to take credit for such a thing, but this is a Trump supporter we are talking about here. Appearing on Fox News on Sunday, Root said to the hosts of Fox and Friends: I wouldn t be surprised if in the last week they ve lost some business. And I m sure it s going to build as the word gets out as we get to the convention and people hear about this terrible, terrible business decision   biased business decision, I think a reckless business decision. And I know that after the Brexit on Friday, Apple stock is very close to their 52-week low. So whether it was me or whether it was word getting out from others or whether it was the Brexit, I know Apple stock isn t doing to good either.Have some patience, I think Apple is going to feel it in the pocketbook eventually. This all comes with Apple s decision to pull out of donating technical supplies and money to the Republican National Convention, all because of controversial presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump. Yes, you read that right. Wayne Allyn Root believes that his feeble campaign against Apple has the power to have this kind of effect on the Global economy. Good luck with that, sir.Even one of the hosts on Fox, Clayton Morris, reminded Root that the folks at Apple likely saw the disassociation from the RNC in the wake of Trump s nomination as a  good business decision.  Root was undeterred, though, and pressed on: As the CEO you can make a personal decision, but you have no right to make a business decision and offend half your customers. Morris also pointed to the fact that Apple has made no comments on the Democratic National Convention, either: We have no word from Apple if they are not going to donate stuff to the DNC also. So, we still don t know the other half of this story. But as you can tell, we have a lot to say about it.The only thing that I know is that this Brexit was all tied into what we re talking about. I think that people all over the world are getting sick of big companies, big corporations and big media and big government all being tied together and making decisions that hurt the people.I think Apple s tied to it. I think the United States government, Obama [is] tied to it. I think Brexit s tied to it. I think it s time for Trexit, which is Donald Trump. So, in other words, this Trump supporting loon s rants were too much even for Fox and Friends, which is definitely saying something. Time for your medication, Mr. Root. If you think you re more powerful than Brexit and that your sorry boycott of Apple along with nationally televised rants like this are actually helping your candidate, you are sorely mistaken. Sane people don t listen to crazy people and take them seriously.Watch the lunacy unfold below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5727," Nobody Likes Donald Trump, And These Three DEVASTATING New Polls Prove It","A devastating new round of political polls shows that Donald Trump is one of the least liked political figures in the United States, and is poised for a loss in this November s presidential election. Polling from multiple media organizations shows Trump in dire straits, with numbers that have to have Republican leaders worried they have to find some way out of nominating the reality TV star.The poll with the best news for Trump comes from NBC/Wall Street Journal. In that poll, Trump is losing by 5% to Hillary Clinton.Forty-six percent of registered voters back Clinton, versus 41 percent who support Trump   slightly up from Clinton s three-point lead in May, 46 percent to 43 percent.When the best news is a margin of defeat larger than Barack Obama had over Mitt Romney (3.9%), you have a problem.Turning to the Washington Post/ABC News poll, things get very bad for Trump, like on the verge of a 1984-style landslide bad. In that poll, Clinton has a 12% lead over Trump. She is ahead 51% to 39% in a poll taken after the mass shooting in Orlando.The key to Trump s poor performance in that poll is the widespread public perception that Trump is biased against Muslims and Latinos, combined with the strong belief that he is just not a credible world leader.Sixty-four percent of Americans now see Trump as unqualified to serve as president, up 6 points from an already-high 58 percent last month. Thirty-four percent see him as qualified.Clinton s numbers are essentially the opposite, and unchanged: Sixty-one percent see her as qualified for the office, 37 percent as not qualified. Moreover, while 33 percent feel strongly that Clinton is not qualified, many more   56 percent   feel strongly that Trump doesn t pass this test.The third piece of evidence that Trump is taking on more water than the Titanic comes from Reuters  poll, where he loses to Clinton by 13%. In that poll 46.6% support Clinton, while only 33.3% back Trump. In their write-up of that poll, Reuters took note of the giant gulf in financial support between the candidates.Campaign finance disclosures released earlier this week showed Trump started June with a war chest of just $1.3 million, a fraction of Clinton s $42 million. Trump sought to ease concerns among his allies by saying that he could tap his  unlimited  personal wealth if needed, and also by bolstering efforts to raise money through fundraising events and online donations.Clintons leads in these polls are notable for a few reasons. They are all headed in the same direction, they all come after a terrorist attack, where many believed that Trump may see an increase in support. And this lead comes as President Obama s approval takes a major uptick (he s headed for Clinton-Reagan type support in his last year) and he has yet to campaign with Clinton along with Senator Elizabeth Warren and Vice President Joe Biden. And finally, Clinton s strong polls come before her campaign and super PACs aligned with it have begun to drop millions of ads in swing states as Trump and the Republican Party remain woefully unprepared and underfunded.It could get much, much worse for Donald Trump. And its only June.Featured image via Flickr",0
5728, Arizona Is Out Of Death-Penalty Drug Options,"On May 31 the state of Arizona ran out of midazolam, a sedative which, when mixed with other drugs, can be used to carry out state-sponsored executions. Arizona officials later announced that the state had discontinued use of the drug altogether.This is good news for opponents of the death penalty. Thanks to their advocacy, the supply of midazolam has all but dried up in Arizona and elsewhere. Better still, Arizona is no longer able to obtain other drugs used in executions, such as pentobarbital and sodium thiopental.In a court filing this week, lawyers for the state basically admitted Arizona s hands are tied. According to the documents, Arizona is not able to execute inmates at this time, due to lack of access to various execution drugs.The last person to be executed in Arizona was Joseph Rudolph Wood. In 2014, Wood was given 15 doses of midazolam along with a pain killer. It took him two hours to die.Following the botched execution, attorney s from the public defender s office filed suit on behalf of Wood and other Arizona inmates. A coalition of media organizations joined in the suit, asking the court to compel the state to fully disclose how it handles executions.In a recent court filing, attorneys for the state of Arizona asked the judge to dismiss the lawsuit. The state claims that the suit is now moot, citing the fact that it is no longer able to carry out executions, due to lack of access to lethal-injection drugs.As Addicting Info reported here, federal authorities busted Arizona officials smuggling illegal drugs into the U.S. in October of last year. Federal agents confiscated an illegal shipment of sodium thiopental at the Phoenix Airport, which Arizona officials spent more than $27,000 of taxpayer money to obtain from Asia.The states of Texas and Nebraska were also busted for smuggling illegal drugs into the country last year.With Arizona s recent decision to discontinue the use of midazolam, the state s lack of access to other death penalty drugs in the U.S., and the federal government blocking attempts to obtain the drugs from overseas, Arizona is officially out of options for killing people.Image credit: Wikimedia Commons",0
5729, Gun-Advocating Mom Shoots Daughters During Family Argument (VIDEO),"In March, 42-year-old Christy Sheats wrote on her Facebook page: It would be horribly tragic if my ability to protect myself or my family were to be taken away but that s exactly what Democrats are determined to do by banning semi-automatic handguns. Instead of protecting her family, Sheats used a gun to kill her two young daughters, ages 22 and 17, on Friday. Police then shot and killed Sheats.Sheats oldest daughter, Taylor Sheats, was pronounced dead at the scene. Her younger daughter, Madison Sheats, was rushed to a local hospital where she was pronounced dead a short time later.Fulshear Police did not disclose details about what led up to the shooting, saying only that they believe it was triggered by a family argument.Sheats husband was at home at the time of the shooting. New York Daily News reports that he was not physically injured, but was taken to an area hospital to be treated for mental and emotional trauma.According to KHOU, the family s neighbors were also in shock over the shooting, which took place in a quiet neighborhood in Fort Bend County, Texas.They described the family as a  nice, good, very good family,  saying there had never been any issues at the home prior to the shooting.Contrary to Sheats  statements in her March Facebook post, losing your right to own a gun is not  horribly tragic.  A horrible tragedy is when a mother loses her temper and uses a gun to shoot and kill her own children before getting shot and killed by police herself.As the L.A. Times reports here, the chances of someone using a gun in self-defense are slim to none. In 2012 there were just 259 justifiable gun-related homicides.The article goes on to point out that the number of justifiable homicides pales in comparison to the 8,432 criminal homicides that took place in the same year. Nor does it compare to the 20,666 intentional suicides. The number of deaths caused by unintentional shootings, 548, was more than double the number of self-defense shootings.Just a few months ago Christy Sheats and her family believed that owning a gun was a good idea. Now she and her daughters are dead. We can listen to the words of the NRA and second amendment enthusiasts, or we can move forward to enact sane gun-control policies and save lives.Here s more on this story from KHOU.Image credit: video screen capture KHOU",0
5730," Trump ‘Fixes’ His Muslim Ban, Somehow Makes It EVEN WORSE (TWEETS)","If we ve learned anything from Donald Trump s constant flip-flopping on his policies and stances on issues, it s that whenever he tries to fix an idiotic statement he s made, he usually just manages to make it far worse. We saw this with his numerous stances on abortion, in which he first stated that women should be punished for terminating pregnancies, and then furiously backpedaled in several different directions once he realized that statement was too inflammatory.Trump is once again revising one of his policies, and this time it s a correction to one of the most controversial statements in his campaign   his proposed ban on Muslims. Having once said that all Muslims should be banned from coming into the United States, Trump has now changed it to only forbidding the Muslims coming from  terror states.  These comments come as Trump is at his golf resort in Scotland, a place that he will apparently now be welcoming Muslims to.CNN reporter Jeremy Diamond heard the words straight from The Donald s mouth, and reported back on Twitter:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterThis seems like a major step back from Trump s 2015 request for  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on.  Recently, following the tragic mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, Trump called for a complete immigration ban from countries that have a history of terrorism against America. Along with his new comments on Saturday, Trump was noted saying: We are going to get rid of a lot of bad dudes who are here. That I can tell you.I want terrorists out. I want people that have bad thoughts out. I would limit specific terrorist countries and we know who those terrorist countries are. Some have said that Trump s switch from a religious ban to a regional ban actually makes sense, although in actuality Trump is still doing both. He is still deeply discriminating   he is just using softer, more acceptable language to fluff it up. It s also unclear exactly which countries Trump s new stance will apply to   there are only three counties of the State Department s official list of state sponsors of terrorism: Syria, Iran and Sudan. However, Trump probably hasn t taken into account that terrorist groups often have members in different countries, which can include U.S. allies. But then again, when has Trump ever thought something through?While Trump is now saying that his ban would only apply to Muslims in terror states, Spokesperson Hope Hicks would not say if non-Muslims from those countries or Muslims living in peaceful countries would be exempt from the ban.For all the flip-flopping that Trump does, it s honestly hard to know when to believe him. Regardless, his infamous Muslim ban has been one of the biggest points in his campaign, so we re sure this isn t the last we ll hear about it.Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images",0
5731," George Will Is Leaving The Republican Party, And Burning His Bridges – Guess Why","The Republican Party has descended into madness. The establishment is turning against their own presumptive nominee, members are choosing to back Hillary Clinton, and now their most popular and well-known advocates are leaving the Party in protest, sparking a fast growing  Never Trump  movement.Today, one of the most prominent and outspoken Republican commentators is saying goodbye to the GOP: George Will.The famous columnist, while speaking at a Federalist Society chapter event, blasted the GOP and nominee Donald Trump in a searing speech: This is not my party   Make sure he [Trump] loses. Grit their teeth for four years and win the White House. Will told the audience at the libertarian event that he would change his affiliation to  Unaffiliated.  He reportedly did not say who he would be backing, and spoke against the notion of a coup at the Republican National Convention, saying it was too late.In April, Will wrote a blistering op-ed opinion in which he called on Republicans to keep him out of the White House should he be the nominee, and instead focus on down-ballot candidates: Were he to be nominated, conservatives would have two tasks. One would be to help him lose 50 states   condign punishment for his comprehensive disdain for conservative essentials, including the manners and grace that should lubricate the nation s civic life. Second, conservatives can try to save from the anti-Trump undertow as many senators, representatives, governors and state legislators as possible. One thing is or sure: when a neocon, Pulitzer Prize winning columnist leaves the party over Donald trump, there s a serious issue brewing within. In Arizona alone,  new polls show that almost 15 percent of registered Republicans are backing Hillary Clinton. Due to a highly competitive race among women and Hispanics, Arizona has gone from  solid red  to  leans red. Trump is causing massive disdain within the GOP, and Will is having none of it. This stalwart is calling it quits. As the convention approaches, one must wonder who will be next to jump ship.Featured image via Flickr",0
5732, Texas Supreme Court Rules That Christian Parents Can Keep Their Kids Stupid,"Christian parents who homeschool their children have the right to keep them stupid and ignorant according to a new ruling by Texas  conservative-dominated Supreme Court.Laura and Michael McIntyre have been refusing to educate their kids because they believe they ll be raptured soon and literally argued that they have the right to do so under the 14th Amendment of the Constitution.Just think about that for a minute. A Christian couple is arguing that they should be allowed to not educate their kids because they think Jesus is coming back any day now to take them all to heaven.And the Texas Supreme Court actually agreed with them.According to the Associated Press;Friday s 6-3 decision on technical grounds was a win for Laura and Michael McIntyre, who once educated their nine children in the family s El Paso motorcycle dealership.The couple argued that school district officials violated their 14th Amendment rights by attempting to verify that its children were learning.The district was investigating relatives  complaints the McIntyre children weren t being educated because they were waiting for Jesus Christ s second coming.It all started in 2004 when the religion-obsessed parents took their kids out of their private school to  educate  them at home. But instead of learning math, history, and science the kids were learning all about Jesus and how they ll be raptured.Michael s brother testified that the nine children were never being taught anything that had to do with the school curriculum and that he overheard one of the children informing a cousin that they don t have to learn because the End Times are allegedly near.In their first court appearance, the judge basically laughed at the McIntyres  defense and ruled  in 2014 that: No parents have ever prevailed in any reported case on a theory that they have an absolute constitutional right to educate their children in the home, completely free of any state supervision, regulation, or requirements. They do not have an  absolute constitutional right to home school. But six dimwits on the Texas Supreme Court allowed the McIntyres to be the first parents to prevail on such a theory, thus giving conservative  Christian  parents across the state the ability to indoctrinate their kids with religion as their daily  education  instead of learning the subjects necessary for them to have a future and a brain that knows how to think critically. All they have to do now is yank their own kids out of school and claim they have a constitutional right to keep their kids stupid.The Texas Supreme Court basically just ruled in favor of what amounts to child abuse and neglect and the people of Texas should be embarrassed.Featured Image: Wikimedia ",0
5733, TransCanada Officially Files $15 Billion Lawsuit Against U.S. For Rejecting KXL Pipline,"TransCanada is officially suing the United States because President Obama rejected their proposal to build the Keystone XL pipeline last November.Reuters reports: TransCanada Corp is formally requesting arbitration over U.S. President Barack Obama s rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline, seeking $15 billion in damages, the company said in legal papers dated Friday.Obama rejected the Canadian company s cross-border crude oil pipeline last November, seven years after it was first proposed, saying it would not make a meaningful long-term contribution to the U.S. economy. TransCanada believes that they are owed damages due to provisions in the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last January, TransCanada made it known that they intended to sue the United States. In response, Sierra Club s executive director Michael Brune released a statement in response to TransCanada s announcement. In the statement, Brune both lambasted TransCanada and urged people to reject the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal that would radically expand corporation s abilities to sue nations in situations similar to this. TransCanada s attempt to make American taxpayers hand over more than $15 billion because the company s dirty Keystone XL pipeline was rejected shows exactly why NAFTA was wrong and why the even more dangerous and far-reaching Trans-Pacific Partnership must be stopped in its tracks. The TPP would empower thousands of new firms operating in the U.S, including major polluters, to follow in TransCanada s footsteps and undermine our critical climate safeguards in private trade tribunals. Today, we have a prime example of how polluter-friendly trade deals threaten our efforts to tackle the climate crisis, spotlighting the need for a new model of trade model that supports rather than undermines climate action. We urge our members of Congress to learn from this historic moment and commit to reject the TPP. Over the course of the Democratic primary, both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton spoke out against the TPP. This latest move from TransCanada proves exactly why we need to demand lawmakers reject the TPP. Things right now are not looking good. Members of the Democratic National Convention drafting committee just voted down an amendment to the Party s platform introduced by Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) that would make it the Party s mission to reject the TPP.Featured image from Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5734, WATCH: President Obama Urges Americans To Reject Trump’s Bigotry And Hate,"In the aftermath of Great Britain voting to leave the European Union, President Obama urged Americans to reject xenophobia by voting against Trump and his bigotry in November.President Obama made the remarks during a fundraising speech in support of Washington Governor Jay Inslee on Friday.Driven by fear and xenophobia, 52 percent of voters in the United Kingdom opted to leave the European Union, which had serious repercussions on world markets as Donald Trump and other Republicans cheered the decision.President Obama had hoped the people of Great Britain would reject fear and hate but that didn t happen, which is why his hopes now rest with the American people to do in November what the UK did not. That s the choice you face this November,  President Obama said. Between dividing ourselves up, looking for scapegoats, ignoring the evidence, or realizing that we are all stronger together. If we turn against each other, whether it s divisions of race or religion, we re not going to build on the progress we ve started. If we get cynical and just vote our fears or we don t vote at all, we won t build on the progress we ve started. America has been a story of progress but has not gone in a straight line. There have been times when we ve gone forward and there have been times when we ve gone backwards. And what s made the difference each and every time is citizens voting, and caring, and committing to our better selves. In other words, voting matters and it s never been more important to exercise our right to vote than it will be this November.President Obama capped off his speech by slamming the bigoted, divisive, and hateful values of Donald Trump and urged Americans to reject those values for the sake of our children and the future of our country. Coming together around our common values and our faith in hard work and our faith in each other and the belief in opportunity for everybody and assuming the best in each other and not the worst. Because whatever our differences we all love this country and we all care fiercely about our children s futures. And we don t have time for charlatans and we don t have time for hatred and we don t have time for bigotry and we don t have time for film-flam and we don t have the luxury of just popping off and saying just whatever comes to the top of our heads. Don t have time for that. Here s the video via MSNBC.The people of Great Britain made a terrible mistake by voting to exit the European Union. They let fear dictate their decisions and that is incredibly disappointing. America must once again lead by example and reject the fear and xenophobia that is tightening its grip on Europe. We need to be better. The stakes are too high to sit at home on Election Day. We must not give in to the blind fear and hate that Republicans are hoping will give them complete control over the nation. If we do, all the progress we have made over the last century will have been for nothing and the people who want to watch the world burn will achieve their goals.Featured image via screen capture",0
5735," ‘Real Time’ Panelists Discuss Dem Sit-In, Things Get ‘Problematic’ Real Fast (VIDEO)","During a panel discussion on Real Time with Bill Maher that aired Friday night, Bill Maher and his panel of guests discussed the  no bill, no break  sit-in that occurred this week in the House of Representatives. Democrats staged a sit-in on the House floor, where they demanded that a bill that would prevent persons on the no-fly list from being able to purchase firearms in the United States.One of Maher s guests, Nightly Show host Larry Willmore, was quick to point out that the bill is actually quite  problematic.  It was pointed out that despite the narrative being pushed about preventing terrorist suspects from buying handguns, it isn t actually the no-fly list that the legislation addresses. The no-fly list is actually a subsection of a much larger list called the  Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment,  which includes more than 1,00,000 people s names. One of the people on the list, as Wilmore points out, is actually sit-in leader Representative Jon Lewis himself.It is also pointed out that the majority of people on the list are people of color who have been put on the list without ever having been convicted of a crime to land them on that list. It s actually quite hard to find out if you are on the list and there is no legal procedure to have yourself removed from the list.The panel eventually came to a general consensus that it is ridiculous that a person who is considered a terror suspect should be able to purchase a gun. That being said, the watch list that is being used in the bill (that honestly never had a chance to go anywhere) has a lot of problems as well.What the left needs to keep in mind is that Democrats knew that the GOP would do everything to obstruct this bill, despite it being legislation that Republicans would have jumped on, if we were still living under a George W. Bush administration. What the Democrats involved in the sit-in were looking for was a talking point in the general election. They got it. Republicans put obstructionism above all else. They turned down a watch list that was partly created during a far-right political administration, is rooted in racist mentalities, and at least in name serves to ramp up the military state. If the GOP were going introduce legislation to increase gun regulations, this is what it would look like.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5736," Amy Schumer Is All Out Of F*cks To Give, Releases Forbidden Gun Violence Sketch Anyway (VIDEO)","On Friday, Amy Schumer released a sketch that had been cut from her Comedy Central show, Inside Amy Schumer. It s a simple but incredibly dark set up: A commercial for an injury lawyer that has given up on helping the victims of mass shootings because the gun industry is almost completely protected by the law.H. Jon Benjamin, the voice of Sterling Archer on FX s Archer, introduces himself: Have you ever been injured in a mass shooting or other gun crime? Do you want justice? Hi, I m Toby Shrak of the law firm of Shrak and Murphy, but don t call me, because there s nothing I can do. And it gets darker from there. We re introduced to Shrak s twin brother that was killed in a mall shooting. We also meet two victims of gun violence that were,  shit out of luck.  One of them even had to pay for the ammo company s legal costs because the law prevents them from being sued in the first place! Isn t America grand?Schumer, fed up with the inaction of the GOP, felt it was time for this particular sketch to be seen. It highlights the cruel absurdity of American gun laws that protect an entire industry from the consequences of their actions while they rake in billions from selling death and promoting a culture of violence. It s dark satire at its finest and most necessary.Shrak closes out the commercial with a perfect depiction of the miserable despair the country is forced to live with because Republicans have whored out their souls to the NRA and gun lobby: I ll get the money you deserve. Unless it s a gun tragedy. In which case, you can call me just to talk. I m here and my brother s chair is always empty. Because he s dead. And I am getting old. As funny as it is, it s hard to laugh because the commercial simply cuts too close to the truth:Inside Amy SchumerFeatured image via screen capture",0
5737, Clinton Skyrockets To 14 Point Lead Over Donald Trump,"The polls are not looking good for Donald Trump   and he s the king of polls. Hillary Clinton leads him in Arizona, Kansas and Georgia and Florida, ties him in Texas and North Carolina, and is now leading him nationally in a new blowout poll.According to a new Reuters/Ipsos poll, Clinton leads Donald Trump by a staggering 14 points:The June 20-24 poll showed that 46.6 percent of likely American voters supported Clinton while 33.3 percent supported Trump. Another 20.1 percent said they would support neither candidate.Trump had enjoyed a brief boost in support following the June 12 mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, as he doubled down on his pledge to ban Muslims from entering the country, cutting Clinton s lead to nine points Clinton s 13.3 percentage point lead is about the same as she had before the Orlando attack.So after exploiting a national tragedy to his advantage, Trump managed to botch even that and now Clinton has settled back into being the obvious frontrunner for the presidency. One of the reasons Trump has now slumped in the polls is that confidence in his campaign is falling. In contrast to Clinton s well oiled money-machine campaign, Trump s reportings of an almost broke campaign has left a bitter taste in voters  mouths.And it would also appear Trump s hackneyed racism and Islamophobia is getting boring with voters. Unlike his heightened popularity in the wake of San Bernardino, Trump s numbers declined after doubling down to ban Muslims from entering the country.And these feelings are all across the country. The poll measured 1,200 respondents from all 50 states.But another telling number from the poll is that 20 percent of the American public said they will not be backing either candidate.He s broke, he s fired his campaign manager, he has less than 100 staffers across the country, and now he s losing in the polls   badly. President Obama s approval rating is in the steady mid-50s, so he s certainly not unpopular. Not only that, Delegates at the convention are planning a coup to oust him before he even becomes the nominee. Things are not looking good for the  billionaire  mogul.Americans are getting tired of Donald Trump. It s about time.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5738, WATCH: Bill Maher Shuts Down Former RNC Chair’s ‘Bullsh*t Argument’ For Trump (VIDEO),"During a panel segment on Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday night, former Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele tried to make a half-hearted case for a Donald Trump administration. The case was shut down instantly by Maher, who had initially asked Steele,  What is the bridge too far? What is the point at which you say my country before my nominee? Steele responded by stating clearly that he is a Party man by any measure. He has served as not only the RNC chairman but also as the chairman of Republican committees at every level of politics. Maher jumps in asking Steele if that s the case, then is there really a bridge too far for him. Steele insists that there is and offers this argument: There is a bridge too far. I want to see and I ve been very clear about this since the beginning, I want to see Donald Trump make the kinds of steps   I know he is a 70-year-old-man I know he isn t going to change. It s just not in the cards. Here s the rub. I philosophically cannot sit there and go  Oh well, because I m so pissed off and cannot stand Donald Trump that I am going to fall in love with Hillary Clinton.  That s just not where I am. Maher counters, saying,  It s not about Donald Trump, it s about the policies he supports.  Maher then goes on to say that he views this election as a  referendum on decency,  and calls Trump an  indecent man. You can watch the segment below.https://youtu.be/3HWAil2XKoY?t=5sMaher is right   there is nothing decent about Donald Trump, and by extension, the decency of those who support him is definitely called into question.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
5739, FOUR Former Kansas Governors Declare War On Current GOP Governor Sam Brownback,"Sam Brownback and the current GOP-led Kansas legislature have all but destroyed Kansas. It s so bad that a coalition of former Kansas governors, along with current political leaders, is working to raise money to oppose Brownback s disastrous policies before they wipe Kansas off the map entirely. They re called the Save Kansas Coalition, and they re not all Democrats. Not by far.The main problem is that the state cut taxes to try and turn Kansas into the bastion of business and tourism that Texas and Florida supposedly are, but that failed miserably and now the state is worse than broke. To fight to get Kansas back on track, former Democratic governors Kathleen Sebelius and John Carlin are joined by former Republican governors Mike Hayden and Bill Graves, and all four are working to educate Kansas  public about what s actually happening versus what Brownback wants people to think is happening.They can t even fund their schools halfway properly because their budget is such a mess.The Save Kansas Coalition wants balanced taxes, high-quality public education, and access to healthcare, along with judicial impartiality, safer highways, and job growth. Brownback s policies are not conducive to any of this. He s a hardcore, balanced-budget, cutting-taxes-will-stimulate-the-economy-so-we-can-balance-the-budget Republican who doesn t get it.In fact, his policies have driven some business out of the state. One such business owner, Jeff Blackwood, is working to relocate his business onto the Missouri side of Kansas City, saying: I can t, in good conscience, continue to give our tax money to a government that actively works against needs of its citizens We take care of people here and that is exactly the opposite of what is occurring. The funding problems have led to the closure of a mental health hospital and a state rehab office for the disabled, not to mention what s happening with the school system there. Brownback s spokesperson said that his policies have led to five straight years of business growth, and yet, the state is floundering horrifically.Brownback and the Republicans in the state legislature don t seem to realize that cutting taxes means taxes get cut, which causes budget shortfalls, which snowballs into a bankrupt state if it s not quickly addressed. Back in November, Kansas was looking at having a whopping $5.6 million in cash reserves. In other words, peanuts, because the projected tax revenue just wasn t there.The Save Kansas Coalition wants people to be aware of how serious their votes are. Brownback and company didn t get into office by accident   the people of Kansas voted for these policies. If they vote to re-elect these ignorant pusnoodles, they ll be voting for more of the same problems since Brownback can t admit that he screwed everything up, and as such, will continue to beat this particular dead horse no matter what.Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5740, ‘Never Trump’: Another Well-Known GOP Figure Endorses Hillary,"Despite some noises being made by some Republican detractors, for all intents and purposes the party is stuck with Donald Trump as its nominee and the choice will be official at the party s upcoming convention.While some major Republicans like George W. Bush and Mitt Romney have announced their opposition to Trump, not as many have gone all-in and endorsed Hillary Clinton for President, instead preferring to simply oppose Trump without offering up a serious alternative.Former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson has gone a step further, and in an op-ed published in the Washington Post, is now endorsing Clinton.He doesn t mince his words:The GOP, in putting Trump at the top of the ticket, is endorsing a brand of populism rooted in ignorance, prejudice, fear and isolationism. This troubles me deeply as a Republican, but it troubles me even more as an American. Enough is enough. It s time to put country before party and say it together: Never Trump.Paulson just absolutely blasts Trump s supposed business prowess noting,  he takes imprudent risks and, when his businesses fail, disavows his debts. Citing his first-hand experience with passing TARP after the economy began collapsing and the need to get Democrats and Republicans to agree on it, Paulson notes:  This requires a president who exhibits an ability to compromise   and basic civility   neither of which Trump displays. It isn t as if Paulson has become a liberal overnight. He points out that he still supports Republicans at the state level, and the overall tone of his essay is that he would support a standard-issue Republican if Trump were one.But he isn t, and as a result he lays out the case for Clinton as better for business even if he disagrees with some of her philosophy.He concludes:I ll be voting for Hillary Clinton, with the hope that she can bring Americans together to do the things necessary to strengthen our economy, our environment and our place in the world. To my Republican friends: I know I m not alone.Featured image via YouTube",0
5741, Twitter FRIES Trump ALIVE Over This Tweet About Scotland’s Reaction To #Brexit (TWEETS),"On Thursday, the U.K. voted to leave the European Union, and, of course, conservatives here in the U.S. rejoiced because they see it as a move for freedom and sovereignty, and against big government (they don t get it, in other words). Trump is one of those people who panders to xenophobic, anti-globalists despite profiting from the global economy, and he got it way wrong when he got to Scotland and gave a speech at his new golf course there.Here s what he tweeted upon his arrival in Scotland:Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2016 Place is going wild,  and,  They took their country back.  Really? Scotland voted to remain in the E.U. by well over 60 percent. Once again, we have to ask,  Bro, do you even news?  Those in the Twitterverse, who know what s what, decided to answer that question by taking him task for this in a way that only Twitter can (warning: explicit language). @realDonaldTrump They voted to STAY, dear. If Mrs. Doubtfire were real & back in Scotland she would would smack you on the head.  Randi Mayem Singer (@rmayemsinger) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump they voted IN you absolute fucking doughnut. A future leader? You couldn t lead an OAP egg and spoon race.  Ayden Callaghan (@AydenCallaghan) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Jeez you re stupid you sentient enema.  Lachlan Buchanan (@lachlanbuchanan) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump you couldn t be more out of touch with reality if Nessie bit you on the arse you utter fool. Scotland voted REMAIN.  Terry McDermott (@TerryMacMusic) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump yeah except Scotland votes to REMAIN, you fucktart.  aronmagner (@aronmagner) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump So far from truth. Scotland voted to remain   unanimously. Remember darkness and hate can t put out darkness and hate.  Paul Potts (@paulpottsmusic) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump We voted to stay in the EU, you utter cockwomble. Go take a swim in the Firth of Clyde.  Jennifer Hainey (@Gingernutjen) June 24, 2016Hey @realDonaldTrump, do you realise that you are a fuck-knuckle? Scotland voted remain. Going as wild as your real hair you twat stick!  Nic Donald (@NicDonald) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Scotland voted against leaving you leather faced, shit- tobogganist  Laura Wootton (@BornMorgana) June 25, 2016@realDonaldTrump And all your speech writers just sighed a collective  Oh what the fuck.  #BrexitVote #Wrongcountry #Scotsvotedtostay  Donnalovessports (@DonnaS86) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Does Donald actually know how to read? lol  Joshua B. Porter (@joshuabporter) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump Scotland near unanimously voted to remain you big floppy haired nonce.  James Xavier Lam (@JamesXavierLam) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump sorry Scotland. Not all Americans are complete assbags. This orange guy doesn t know anything.  Lamo Joe (@1Bad_Scientist) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump in what kind of school did you learn to write but not to read?  Bakjour (@Bakjour) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Scotland voted overwhelmingly AGAINST Brexit you stupid nylon-haired shit stain.  Pete Brown (@PeteBrownBeer) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump so you say you ll get America out of the EU?  (((Toby))) (@tobybaier) June 24, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Are you really this stupid! Scotland voted AGAINST Leave, you stupid man. No wonder Wall Street won t touch you.  BobSmithWalker 45% (@BobSmithWalker) June 24, 2016Is there anything better than seeing pissed-off citizens of the U.K. hurling insults at King Donald the Trump?The result of Brexit will be another independence referendum in Scotland. Scotland feels that they were dragged out of the E.U. against their will, and First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said they will get legislation underway immediately for that referendum. Scotland tried an independence referendum about two years ago, and it failed by a not-insignificant margin, but Brexit might be what Scotland needs to push that referendum through.None of that matters to Trump, though, because the truth doesn t matter to him. He ll twist the truth to suit his agenda, and his agenda is highly nutty. In fact, it s so nutty that this is what he was apparently greeted with at Turnberry:Donald Trump surrounded with red golf balls with swastikas on them in Scotland pic.twitter.com/QPHfFoEcpd  [email protected] (@ToonArmyMIA) June 24, 2016It s amusing that he tried to paint Scotland, of all countries, as supportive of Brexit. They are anything but, and he needs to learn to read news that doesn t come from InfoWars.Featured image by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images and Twitter ",0
5742, Hawaii Does What Republicans Won’t And Reduces The NRA To Wetting Themselves In Fear,"All Republicans had to do is ban suspected terrorists from buying guns and pass a universal background checks law. But they chose to listen to the NRA, and now states like Hawaii are bringing the hammer down on guns.The American people are demanding legislative action to prevent future mass shootings and reduce the number of gun violence incidents in this country. Simple fixes like universal background checks and banning terrorist suspects from buying guns legally would have satisfied most Americans.But because Republicans are owned by the NRA they refused to act and now all gun owners are paying the price for their failure to be responsible.Hawaii has the lowest gun death rate of any state in the nation and the island chain s strict gun laws are the main reason why.And now Governor David Ige has signed three bills that take gun regulations to another level.Introduced by Democratic state Rep. Will Espero, SB 2954 requires police to place the names of gun owners in the state in the FBI monitoring database so that law enforcement in Hawaii will be informed if any of their residents commit a crime wherever they go in the United States. So if a Hawaiian commits a crime in New York the police in Hawaii will be notified so they can determine if that person should still get to be in possession of firearms.In addition, HB 625 stalking and sexual harassment now disqualify people who commit these crimes from buying guns and HB 2632 requires people who have been diagnosed with major mental disorders to surrender their guns to authorities.In all, these three measures make it clear that Hawaii is done taking shit from the NRA.Of course, it didn t take long for the NRA to whine about the bills. The NRA Institute for Legislative Action, which really should change that last word to  Inaction,  predictably condemned the new laws. The exercise of an individual s Second Amendment rights is not inherently suspicious and should not require a person to surrender other civil liberties, including unwarranted invasions of privacy or unequal treatment under the law. The lawful acquisition, possession, carrying, or use of a firearm does not justify subjecting citizens to ongoing monitoring. Sorry, NRA. But that s what happens when you refuse to do anything reasonable to prevent gun violence other than offering  thoughts and prayers.  If you can t agree on anything to keep guns solely in the hands of responsible citizens, the government has the power and the right to do it without your support.NRA spokesperson Amy Hunter complained that the laws go too far, which is coming from an organization that believes ANY law restricting guns goes too far. As you can imagine, the NRA finds this one of the most extreme bills we ve ever seen,  she whined.At this point, if the NRA and their Republican puppets continue to refuse to do anything reasonable to reduce gun violence in this country, the states should do whatever it takes to make everyone as safe from gun violence as possible, even if it means putting every gun owner on an FBI list. Rep. Espero understands this and he s also a gun owner.Republicans and the NRA only have themselves to blame for not agreeing to be reasonable in the first place. They had a chance to DO something and they failed spectacularly. Now it s up to the states and Hawaii is setting an example for other states to follow.Featured image via Guns Wikia",0
5743, Delegate Plan To Block Trump Is Concrete And In Motion As Rule Change Advances,"For the last few weeks, rumors have been swirling that delegates at the Republican National Convention have been concocting a plan to thwart Donald Trump s nomination and broker the convention, ushering in a candidate who isn t completely hated by the American people.Reince Priebus denied it. Donald Trump denied it. All Republican insiders denied it and said things were on their merry way to Columbus.But as it turns out, the delegate coup is concrete, and is currently in motion. Anti-Trump delegates, concerned for the future of their party (and their power), are requesting a rule change for the convention that will allow delegates pledged to Trump to opt out, and instead vote their conscience.In other words, this rule change would turn every delegate into a super delegate.The letter, sent by Colorado delegate Kendal Unruh, asked the committee to adopt a  conscience clause  into the rules, thus circumventing the delegate rules and procedures set up by the states:If any such delegate notifies the secretary of his or her intent to cast a vote of conscience, whether personal or religious, each such delegate shall be unbound and unconstrained by these rules on any given vote, including the first ballot for the selection of the president of the United States, without the risk of challenge, sanction or retribution by the Republican National Committee (RNC).The letter went on to justify how a delegate, who is bound by the rules of the state to represent the will of the people, could possibly decide they want to vote another way:Allowable personal reasons shall include the public disclosure of one or more any grievous acts of personal conduct by a nominee candidate, including but not limited to, criminally actionable acts, acts of moral turpitude or extreme prejudice, and/or notorious public statements of support for positions that clearly oppose or contradict the policies embodied in the Republican Party s platform as established at the national convention.So far, 30 delegates have been in the works to thwart the presumptive nominee, but a rule change from the RNC could spur more action if delegates felt, all of a sudden, a change of conscience.Running a group called the Free the Delegates, Unruh is hoping to secure a majority vote from the 112 member Rules Committee.Such an action would expose a very real and very damning rift within the Republican party. As former Bush official endorse Clinton, Republican lawmakers back away from endorsing Trump, and the public continues to disdain the nominee, the White House may remain blue.Featured image via Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images",0
5744, TN First Sgt. Cites ‘Toxic Leadership’ In Curse-Filled Resignation Letter (VIDEO),"After more than 20 years of service within the National Guard, First Sgt. Dennis Carter submitted his resignation, effective May 31, 2016. In the letter, Carter shreds what he describes as the  toxic leadership  that exists at the 278th Armored Cavalry Regiment, located in Lebanon, TN.The now-retired First Sergeant directed his anger at his superior officers, writing that the Senior NCO s leadership abilities are so substandard  I doubt he could lead a pack of Kindergartners to the playground, nor would they follow him. He also had harsh words for others, including a Colonel. Carter wrote that his  leadership style is so toxic that his social security number should be replaced with the telephone number of the poison control center The former Sgt. didn t just submit the resignation letter to his superiors, he posted it on social media as well.WSMV published a redacted version of Carter s letter on June 24. Read it for yourself below.Image credit WSMV via Dennis CarterCarter is not the first one to criticize or question the leadership of Tennessee-based National Guardsmen.The U.S. military launched a criminal investigation into sexual misconduct involving the 775th Engineering Detachment. The investigation involved allegations that at least half of the Guardsmen had sexual relations with  prostitutes  in an area of the world which was known for sex trafficking.The investigation revealed that many of the girls the Guardsmen had sex with were under the age of 18.As WSMV reports here:The military documents show a lieutenant said there were ring leaders who told the soldiers what to say and how to stay out of trouble.Another soldier told investigators that some of the men bragged about the sex and that a medic handed out condoms.When the soldiers were later interviewed, the documents show one sergeant made a spontaneous statement that  several of the women (referring to the prostitutes) were younger than his daughter. The investigation also revealed that some of the soldiers allowed the  prostitutes  to enter a room with weapons and secret documents.A second investigation was opened after authorities found evidence of drug use by at least one of the soldiers.In February, WSMV reported that the Tennessee National Guard promotes individuals who have engaged in serious misconduct violations. Video published here shows two Guardsmen being pulled over by the TN Highway Patrol for DUI. These men should have been removed from duty, but were promoted instead.During an interview with WSMV, Carter blasted TN National Guard Leadership, saying: I m out, so I don t have anything to lose. But there are a lot of people that are still in and there s a lot of horror stories that have been done badly by the leadership in the guard. Watch the interview below, courtesy of WSMV. WSMV Channel 4 Image credit: video screen capture courtesy of WSMV",0
5745, WATCH: Ex-Trump Campaign Manager’s First Appearance At CNN Job Is A DISASTER (VIDEO),"The announcement that Donald Trump s problematic, misogynistic campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was fired from the Republican presidential candidate s campaign was a somewhat satisfying one, however it was soon replaced with bewilderment when it was announced that CNN had picked Lewandowski up.Mere days of being thrown out of the Trump campaign, CNN offered Lewandowski a job where he is rumored to be paid as much as $500,000 as a political commentator for the network. The network s move raised eyebrows   especially considering the fact that Lewandowski as actually forbidden to criticize Trump thanks to a handy contract Trump makes all of his minions sign.On Thursday evening, Lewandowski had his very first paid appearance   and it went exactly how you might expect it would   awful. On Erin Burnett s OutFront show, Lewandowski flat-out told viewers that he would not be criticizing Trump, yet in the same breath promising to  tell it like it is. Using the same vague response tactics he likely learned from Trump himself, Lewandowski dodged questions about his loyalty to Trump and said: I am a guy who calls balls and strikes, I am going to tell it like it is. I ll tell you exactly like it is, whether you like it or not. I m a straightforward person. That s not going to change. If something is wrong, I ll tell people it s wrong. If something is right, I m going to tell people it s right. Lewandowski s appearance was basically ten minutes of sucking up to The Donald, painting the picture that Trump is  the only person who is going to save this country, for my children and hopefully their children someday  even amongst claims that the Trump campaign was broke.You can see this train wreck unfold for yourself:Basically, Lewandowski is treating his new role as another opportunity to be a spokesperson for Trump, even after the campaign cut ties with him. This interview left viewers in shock   most notably New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen, who had the perfect reaction:TwitterCNN s decision to employ Lewandowski is baffling, considering that the network has recently spent a considerable amount of time pointing out Trump s lies. Giving paid airtime to someone who is obligated to say nice things about a horrible presidential candidate seems to really contradict the dent CNN was trying to make in the Trump campaign.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5746, Aziz Ansari Just Told Trump To ‘Go F*ck Himself’ As Only He Can (TWEET),"In the aftermath of the Orlando shooting, there has been yet another unfounded uprising of hate and fear against the Muslim community. Donald Trump is even calling, once more, for a ban on all Muslim immigrants.With a lot to say on this matter is none other than comedian Aziz Ansari, whose parents just so happen to be Muslim immigrants. He wrote a piece for the New York Times, and called out Trump s hatred where it stands.In the intro to his article on Twitter, Ansari just flat-out told Trump to  go f*ck himself. Trump wants to ban Muslim immigrants like my parents. I wrote a piece for New York Times telling him to go fuck himself. Trump wants to ban Muslim immigrants like my parents. I wrote a piece for @NYTimes telling him to go fuck himself: https://t.co/MCDsQyz2jy  Aziz Ansari (@azizansari) June 24, 2016Within the article, which you can find in full here, Ansari wrote: Today, with the presidential candidate Donald J. Trump and others like him spewing hate speech, prejudice is reaching new levels. It s visceral, and scary, and it affects how people live, work and pray. It makes me afraid for my family. It also makes no sense. He explains that he s the son of Muslim immigrants, and how his family is now told to be careful in how they worship. Also explaining, that as American citizens, that is absolutely awful. We have the freedom of religion in this nation, and everyone has a right to worship how they so choose on their own time.Ansari wrote that despite not being religious himself, even looking like you might be Muslim can make you a target of discrimination: There is a strange feeling that you must almost prove yourself worthy of feeling sad and scared like everyone else. He added: The vitriolic and hate-filled rhetoric coming from Mr. Trump isn t so far off from cursing at strangers from a car window. He has said that people in the American Muslim community  know who the bad ones are,  implying that millions of innocent people are somehow complicit in awful attacks. Not only is this wrongheaded; but it also does nothing to address the real problems posed by terrorist attacks. By Mr. Trump s logic, after the huge financial crisis of 2007-08, the best way to protect the American economy would have been to man white males. Is Ansari right in telling Trump to  go f*ck himself ?? Absolutely. Trump is personally attacking Ansari and his family and is just so absolutely wrong about the Muslim faith and community.Trump s tactic of divide and conquer, putting himself and his white pride fanatics against anyone who doesn t fit the mold of what he sees fit to live in the United States, isn t only bigoted, but just outright dangerous.Good on Ansari for speaking out and calling Trump out on his bigotry.Featured Photos by John Moore/Getty Images and Gary Gershoff/Getty Images for Peabody ",0
5747," Trump’s Brexit Response Is A DISASTER, And Hillary Just Nailed Him For It (VIDEO)","Donald Trump had a prime opportunity to take advantage of Britain s decision to leave the European Union in the so-called  Brexit.  Appearing at his golf course in Scotland, Trump held a press conference a few hours after the outcome of the British referendum was clear.Instead, the presumptive Republican nominee completely botched the media availability. Instead of talking up his sympathies with the right-wing movement that got the referendum passed, Trump instead babbled on about his golf course, the views from the course, and so forth. When he was asked about the Brexit, Trump continued to bumble. He could only talk about the tumbling global markets from the perspective of how his golf course would make money, instead ignoring the pensions being wiped out in the U.K. and the effect it could have on the American economy, including retirees with their money in the market.In response, Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign released a devastating web video that laid out the seriousness of the moment and Trump s utter failure to present any sort of leadership.Hours after the #BrexitVote, Donald Trump was in the U.K.Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.https://t.co/YEt5LozDpt  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 24, 2016The video also makes it clear how lost Trump is without his teleprompter. After the media fell over itself to praise him for reading properly earlier in the week, it s also clear that Trump actually has the problem the right has accused President Obama of having for so long.When off teleprompter, Trump makes a fool of himself. He can t back up what he s saying, and more often than not he is obviously, blatantly, comically, making things up. The only time Trump can appear remotely competent is when his words are written down for him.Unfortunately for him, he has to focus so much on keeping it in check on prompter that he loses all the enthusiasm and rabble-rousing that has made him so popular with nativist supporters during the campaign. They don t want to see Trump  acting  presidential, but rather they want the loudmouth who bashes immigrants and calls for minorities to be beat up.Featured image via Twitter",0
5748, Obama Just Did Something For The LGBT Community That Will Make Conservatives’ Heads Explode (VIDEO),"The majority of Republicans have fought tooth and nail to make sure that the LGBT community could not have the same rights and protections as others. President Barack Obama s presidency has been a major threat to those intolerant values, as marriage equality was finally legalized in all 50 states during his second term. Obama is still this nation s voice of equality, and today marks yet another tremendous win for the LGBT community.On Friday, Obama announced that the Stonewall Inn will become the first LGBT-dedicated National Monument. The Stonewall Inn is a historic landmark, and was the site of the 1969 riots that kicked off the gay rights movement. In releasing the news that the Stonewall Inn will be named a National Historic Monument, the White House released a powerful video, which announces that the Stonewall Inn will be the first official National Park Service unit dedicated to telling the story of LGBT Americans, just days before the one year anniversary of the landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing marriage equality in all 50 states. In the video, Obama delivers a message that is going to have Republicans fuming once again: I believe our national parks should reflect the full story of our country, the richness and diversity and uniquely American spirit that has always defined us: that we are stronger together, that out of many, we are one. The Stonewall National Monument covers almost 8 acres in New York s Greenwich Village, including the Stonewall Inn   the site where LGBT patrons fought police persecution. Obama spoke on the police raids in the video, and noted how the gay bar deserved a place in American history: Raids like these were nothing new, but this time the patrons had had enough. So they stood up and spoke out. The riots became protests. The protests became a movement. The movement ultimately became an integral part of America. Also in the video are the words of LGBT activist Eunic Ortiz, who said: The Stonewall riots in 1969, I think, obviously was a very pivotal point in our history. It was when we all stood up, and a trans woman of color said,  Enough is enough,  and it started a movement. And it started a movement that said,  We re not less than you. We are your equals. You can watch the powerful video below:In a press release, the White House said: Although the LGBT civil rights movement has made significant progress in the pursuit of equal rights and protections under the law, there is still more work to do. As seen two weeks ago in Orlando, FL, LGBT Americans continue to face acts of violence, discrimination, and hate. LGBT people of color are especially at risk. The Administration is committed to continuing the fight for dignity, acceptance and equal rights for all Americans   no matter who they are or who they love. Even decades after the riots, the bar has continued to be an attraction for gay rights activists   last year, after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage, LGBT activists gathered there in celebration. Recently, following the tragic mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida earlier this month, mourners gathered at the site.Judging from conservatives  reactions to the news, the GOP isn t taking this very well:YahooYahooYahooYahooMediaiteMediaiteBy now we know that if conservatives are getting this angry over something, that must mean that some real progress in America is being made. Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y), who helped lead the effort, said: Stonewall is finally taking its rightful place in American history. We are faced with painful reminders daily of how much further we must go to achieve true equality and tolerance for the LGBT community, but honoring and preserving the stories of all of the diverse participants in Stonewall in our National Park System is a clear symbol of how far we have come. Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
5749, WATCH: Anti-Gay Pastor Who Wants To Kill Them All Gets Bad News And Throws Massive Temper Tantrum,"In the wake of the Orlando mass shooting Arizona pastor Steven Anderson responded by cheering on the killings and called for executing every gay person in America. The good news is that there s 50 less pedophiles in this world, because, you know, these homosexuals are a bunch of disgusting perverts and pedophiles,  Anderson said in a video posted to YouTube the day after the shooting. But these people all should have been killed, anyway, but they should have been killed through the proper channels, as in they should have been executed by a righteous government that would have tried them, convicted them, and saw them executed. Because, in Leviticus 20:13, God s perfect law, he put the death penalty on murder, and he also put the death penalty on homosexuality. That s what the Bible says, plain and simple. Now karma is kicking his ass and he isn t happy about it.As it turns out, Anderson and his congregation at the Faithful Word Baptist Church in Phoenix do business with other people both online and in brick and mortar establishments. That means these businesses can be informed about who they are doing business with and they re not too interested in doing business with a bigot who wants to commit mass murder.Paypal and Apple are among many businesses that have terminated the accounts of Anderson, his church, and the other bigoted pastors who foolishly followed his lead in calling for executing gay people.And like a child being denied candy by his parents in the middle of a supermarket, Anderson literally threw a temper tantrum about it during a sermon. It s war. You know what the filthy sodomites have done toward our church and us, and our friends and our fellow pastors that actually have the guts to say what needs to be said? Here s what they ve done in the last few weeks. They got our PayPal account shut down so that we can t take anymore online donations. We set up with another company, GivLet, they got that shut down. Qgiv, they got that shut down. BitPay, they got that shut down. They shut down our iTunes podcast. They shut down Brother Jimenez s PayPal account. They shut down Brother Romero s PayPal account  The landlord of Pastor Jimenez is saying,  hey we re not going to renew your lease. Romero and Jimenez both praised the Orlando mass shooting and called for gay people to be executed across the country. I mean these people are dedicated,  Anderson continued.  These people are researching, they re finding out where we bank, they re finding out who we do business with. They re trying to get us shut down on all fronts, and you know what, let me tell you something, I m sick of it. Then he leaped atop his podium and began screaming at his congregation telling them if they don t agree with him they should leave and proceeded to call LGBT people  dogs. And you know what, if you re not gonna back us up then get out of here, we don t need your help,  he said.  I don t want to hang around with a bunch of fag hags and a bunch of queer baits and a bunch of effeminates. GET OUT! They re sodomites! They re dogs! DOGS! Here s the video via YouTube:And just think, many conservatives out there disgustingly agree with him and they are voting in November. Will you?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5750, Sarah Palin’s #Brexit Response Is As Absolutely Crazy As You Knew It Would Be (IMAGE),"The world is reeling today as Britain just made the shocking decision to leave the European Union (EU). Yes, Americans and others around the world should care about this decision, as it affects us all. The world economy is already feeling the effects of it, and this vote could even have effects on the upcoming elections here in the States. Well, one person who really should keep her mouth shut on this and other world affairs has nevertheless weighed in: Sarah Palin.Palin showed her ignorance of foreign affairs during her infamously embarrassing run for the Vice President in 2008, so it should be no surprise that her response to Brexit is absolutely batshit insane. Palin posted to her Facebook (emphasis mine):When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another The UK knew   it was that time. And now is that time in the USA.The Brexit referendum is akin to our own Declaration of Independence. May that refreshed spirit of sovereignty spread over the pond to America s shores!Congratulations, smart Brits. Good on you for ignoring all the fear mongering from special interest globalists who tend to aim for that apocalyptic One World Government that dissolves a nation s self-determination and sovereignty  the EU being a One World Government mini-me.America can learn an encouraging lesson from this.It is time to dissolve political bands that connect us to agendas not in our best interest. May UN shackles be next on the chopping block.  Sarah PalinThe thing is, the people who voted in favor of Brexit didn t ignore the fear mongering. Quite the opposite in fact   they fell for it. They fell for squeals of nationalism, and taking their country back from the immigrants (one of the main parts of being a member of the EU is being able to travel freely across borders to other EU countries without Visas being required). You know, the same kind of right-wing fear mongering that we see here in America from conspiracy theorists warning that people like President Obama and Hillary Clinton are looking to build some kind of New World Order. Or something.This woman really needs to just be quiet. She s not a politician anymore, and she never should have been one in the first place. Go back under your bridge where you belong, Sarah, and let the grown-ups talk public policy. You re clearly not qualified to do so.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5751, Texas Conservatives Scream Louder For Secession After Britain Exits EU (TWEETS),"Texas conservatives are cheering after Britain voted to leave the European Union because they believe it means they can secede from the United States.Upon learning of the results, conservatives took to social media to urge Texas to declare independence.Texas should leave the failed American Union & rejoin the world as an independent, self-governing nation. #Texit https://t.co/0esvrO46Ei  Trey Mays (@TreyMays) June 24, 2016 Now, Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma secede and form a new country called the United States of Awesome! #Texit.  Collin O Scopy (@Crapplefratz) June 24, 2016In the event that @HillaryClinton becomes POTUS .. @GovAbbott can we begin plans for #Texit ? Thanks for your SUPERB leadership! #tcot #2A  Stan Weber (@spweber54) June 24, 2016 Please please please now can we have a vote for Texas to leave the US? #Texit  (((Jeff Tiedrich))) (@jefftiedrich) June 24, 2016Join over 260,000 fellow Texans who have pledge to vote FOR Texas Independence!https://t.co/u0U3aSHvOX#Texit pic.twitter.com/mCl5841lf8  TNM (@TexasNatMov) June 15, 2016 Forget #Brexit I want to know when we re going to start a #Texit pic.twitter.com/rAbkR0gWxy  Modern Rebel (@MAmericanRebel) June 11, 2016No one is happier about the the British exit from the EU than Texas Nationalist Movement president Daniel Miller.In an interview with The Guardian, Miller claimed that Britain leaving the EU is the exact same as Texas wanting to leave the United States. You could take  Britain  out and replace it with  Texas . You could take  EU  out and replace it with  US . You could take  Brussels  out and replace it with  Washington DC . You could give you guys a nice Texas drawl and no one would know any different. So much of it is exactly the same. The vast majority of the laws, rules and regulations that affect the people of Texas are created by the political class or un-elected bureaucrats in Washington,  he continued.It s not likely that Texas will be able to secede, however. Shortly after the Civil War, the Supreme Court ruled in Texas v. White:When, therefore, Texas became one of the United States, she entered into an indissoluble relation. All the obligations of perpetual union, and all the guaranties of republican government in the Union, attached at once to the State. The act which consummated her admission into the Union was something more than a compact; it was the incorporation of a new member into the political body. And it was final. The union between Texas and the other States was as complete, as perpetual, and as indissoluble as the union between the original States. There was no place for reconsideration or revocation, except through revolution or through consent of the States.In short, the only way Texas can secede is if a majority of the states agree to let Texas do so.And perhaps it s time to let them.The Republican Party would suffer a serious blow if Texas exited the Union. Texas has 38 electoral votes and sends 36 representatives to Congress, 25 of whom are Republicans. The two Senators Texas sends to Congress are also Republicans. So not only would Democrats win the presidency handily, they could take back the House and the Senate.Furthermore, the United States government could stop sending federal dollars to Texas.You can also bet that conservatives would flock to Texas in search of a conservative paradise.And when the new country of Texas becomes a failed state, we can just build a wall around it and let them deal with their own mess instead of coming to their rescue again as America did in 1845 when Texas begged for entrance into the United States because it was in severe debt.It s time to cut the cord, America. Texas has been dragging this country down for too long. We survived as a nation for nearly 100 years without Texas. We didn t need Texas then. We definitely do not need Texas now. The Republican Party needs Texas, but we don t. So let s kill two birds with one stone and let Texas go. Because once Texas goes, so goes the Republican Party. Texas entered this country in what they call a  marriage of convenience.  This would just be a divorce of convenience, except that America would finally progress into the future we deserve while Texas continues to go backwards.Featured image via Wikimedia  ",0
5752, Trump In Scotland: Collapse Of The United Kingdom Will Be Great For My Golf Course Actually,"In a twist of fate, Donald Trump happened to be in Scotland on the day the world woke up to learn that in a xenophobic ferver the United Kingdom had voted to disembowel itself by leaving the European Union. Within minutes of votes being counted, global financial markets were sent into complete and total disarray. The Pound Sterling dropped to its lowest value in a century. The UK s Prime Minister David Cameron announced he would be resigning. Countries around the world stopped accepting British monetary exchanges because the markets were too unstable.What did Donald Trump, who hopes to someday soon lead the United States, have to say about this unfolding disaster? He was stoked. He reasoned that his Turnberry golf resort was going to make a killing. I think it s a great thing that happened,  Trump told reporters shortly after his helicopter landed at Trump Turnberry.  People are angry, all over the world. People, they re angry. When the pound goes down, more people are coming to Turnberry, frankly,  Trump added during an afternoon news conference.  For traveling and for other things, I think it very well could turn out to be a positive. To be clear, the pound didn t just go  down    it collapsed.Chart via the Washington PostTrump was not in Scotland for the so-called  brexit  vote, he was there to oversee the opening of a new hotel and golf course. Having unofficially suspended his campaign for the weekend to worry about his golf course profits, Trump was notably over the moon about the UK s self-induced financial collapse. But Trump also seemed irritated that what might be one of the most consequential votes in modern history was ruining his publicity stunt. When reporters pressed him about his feelings towards Brexit, Trump started ignoring the questions entirely and focused on how great the  suites  were at his hotel.But on Twitter, Trump also took the opportunity to prove that he has absolutely no understanding of what the vote was all about anyway. In an effort to  prove  that the world was ripe for right-wing nationalistic takeovers, he tweeted a comment so oblivious that it made international headlines.Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 24, 2016Scotland, it was pointed out, uniformly voted to stay in the European Union. The fact that British right-wing nationalists chose to leave is already kickstarting a Scottish independence movement. Very soon, the  United  Kingdom will be neither United nor a Kingdom. But at least Trump thinks his golf course will do well! True leadership indeed.Featured image via Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images",0
5753, Trump Fan Running For Congress Says He Will ‘Make America White Again’,"For those who think Donald Trump isn t bringing horrible racism out from the depths of the right-wing s closet, there s Rick Tyler, an independent candidate running for office in Tennessee s third Congressional district. He s so worried about the  browning  of America that he s actually running his campaign on taking us back to the 1960s, when there were fewer problems, by making America white again.Yes, that s literally what he wants. He even had campaign billboards put up that said,  Make America White Again,  around Benton, Tenn. Tyler claims that he s got no hatred for people of color. He just wants America to go back to a  1960s, Ozzie and Harriet, Leave it to Beaver time when there were no break-ins; no violent crime; no mass immigration. Right, there s totally no racism there. We re sure some of his best friends are people of color, too. He thinks that white people are the architects of advanced society, so elevating white people is the best way to  make America great again. He also had a billboard up that was a picture of the White House ringed with Confederate flags, which said,  I have a dream.  For someone who allegedly isn t racist, he certainly enjoys racist sayings and symbols, and implying that people who aren t white are responsible for all our ills today.To co-opt one of the most famous messages from one of the most famous civil rights leaders in American history for his racist agenda is just vile.How does Trump fit into this, besides his rampant, blatant racism? Tyler wrote the following on his website: [T]he Trump phenomenon has and will continue to produce spin off effects and fall out that can be beneficially seized upon by the elect remnant of the God of Scriptures. In our present political season the dominant presence of Donald Trump has served to open us channels of discourse and dialogue that have previously been off limits. His advocacy of a  temporary ban  on Muslim immigration and the construction of a wall on the Southern border have created a climate conducive to conversation relative to the elephant in the living room no one wants to talk about namely, the urgent and vital subject of race. There it is, the hatred and fear of  political correctness  that pervades the thinking of these racists. They believe it s not racist at all to say that race plays a role in America s downfall, and imply that whites are the only race capable of restoring us to our former glory. Nope. It s just  telling it like it is,  and Tyler seems to have embraced that Trumpian mentality wholeheartedly.The signs have been taken down, but Tyler didn t do it. He wants them back up, saying he paid for them to be up through November s election: If I could I d have hundreds of these billboards up across the 3rd District. That would go over just as well as his initial billboards did. Tyler is delusional though. He believes that his signs do reflect the feelings of a majority of people, despite the people from Tennessee s third district calling into WCRB-TV to say that their county does not, in fact, feel this way. The billboards were likely removed because those people Tyler thinks are so supportive of his views were actually upset.Featured image via screen capture from WRCB report",0
5754, Colorado Police Officer Convicted Of Murder In Jack Jacquez Shooting (VIDEO),"On Thursday, June 23, 2016, a Colorado jury convicted former Rocky Ford police officer James Ashby of second-degree murder. Ashby s conviction stems from the 2014 killing of 27-year-old Jack Jacquez.Jacquez was skateboarding near his home in Rocky Ford when he was stopped by Ashby. The on-duty officer followed Jacquez to his house. He shot him in the back as his mother was opening the door.While Ashby claimed that Jacquez had  mouthed off  to him during the stop, witness testimony contradicted his version of events.As New York Daily News reported in February, 2015:The brother of a police officer who was on a ride-along with Ashby that night, Kyle Moore, contradicted Ashby s account. He said Jacquez did not talk back to Ashby and walked straight from the street to a side entrance to his house, where his mother opened the door for him.Ashby also claimed that Jacquez produced a baseball bat from the house and attempted to swing it at him. The coroner s report showed that the man could not have been in an attack position when Ashby fired his weapon.Ashby was the first Colorado police officer to be charged with murder associated with an on-duty incident in more than 20 years.On the same day the Colorado jury convicted Ashby, two other widely recognized cases involving law enforcement officers were also decided. Those cases had much different outcomes.On Thursday, Baltimore police officer Caesar Goodson Jr. was acquitted of all charges associated with the in-custody death of 27-year old Freddie Gray.The news of Goodson s acquittal was followed by news that a Texas judge declined to charge officer Eric Casebolt for his actions at a pool party last summer. A video showing Casebolt throwing a Black teen to the ground and drawing his gun on two other teens during a pool party in McKinney, Texas went viral last June.While Ashby s acquittal suggests that we re making progress toward getting criminal cops off the streets and holding them accountable for their actions, the Goodson and Casebolt decisions show there is still a long way to go.Here s more on this story from KOAA. KOAA.com | Continuous News | Colorado Springs and PuebloFeatured image via wikimedia commons",0
5755, Louie Gohmert Gets Completely Unhinged And Screams At Reps During Sit-In (VIDEO),"Whenever big news happens in Washington, the nation (at least those in desperate need of entertainment) awaits the response of just one man: Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Texas). Gohmert almost never disappoints with the depth of his stupidity and he certainly didn t on Thursday, when he yelled at the Democratic Congresspeople who were conducting a sit-in in support of gun control.The sit-in lasted a bit over 24 hours, and it was in protest to the four failed attempts at gun control in the Senate and of Speaker Paul Ryan s (R-Wisconsin) refusal to even let a gun control measure get a debate or vote.Gohmert, who received more than $13,000 in contributions from the National Rifle Association, thought the Congresspeople were protesting the wrong thing. According to him, Islam is responsible for our country s mass shootings. We are talking about radical Islam!  Gohmert yelled, waving his finger at posters featuring photos of the victims of the recent mass shooting at an Orlando, Florida gay club.  Radical Islam killed these people! Gohmert was shouted down by Democrats chanting,  No fly, no gun!  and  Don t let terrorists have a gun! Source: Talking Points MemoSure, we can call our gun problem a terrorism problem. G-d knows it s terrifying Americans, but it s not a Muslim problem. The vast majority of mass shooters are white men without a political agenda.  As we learn more and more about the Orlando shooter, we are coming to realize that his association to terrorism is sketchy at best. Instead, it seems, he was a spurned self-hating gay man.If that s the case, that he is a self-loathing gay man and that s all the shooting was about, that indicates a societal problem   one which Gohmert, a man who seems to obsess over whether being gay is God s will   is at least partially responsible for. The bigger picture, though, is that all of our mass shootings, as a matter of fact, all of our nation s shootings period, have one thing in common and that s guns. In our current political climate, there isn t a chance in hell that people will give up all guns, but there s a chance, albeit a slim one, that maybe we could stop the sale of assault weapons to violent people. That s all Congress wants.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla at Getty Images.",0
5756, This NRA Radio Host Just Likened Dems Fighting For Gun Safety Laws To ‘Criminals And Terrorists’ (VIDEO),"The Republican Party s response to making America a safer place following the most devastating mass shooting in modern America has been truly despicable.Just a week after the tragic shooting at a nightclub in Orlando, Florida   an incident which left almost 50 dead and dozens injured   the GOP decided to strike down an attempt to pass gun control legislation yesterday. As Republicans went to lunch and then continued on with their lives without a care in the world, Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) led Democrats in staging a 25-hour sit-in on the House of Representatives floor in protest.The GOP s reaction to this powerful protest has been just as disappointing as its response to senseless gun violence. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan commented on the sit-in and called it a  publicity stunt and a cry for  attention.  Now, a radio host for the National Rifle Association has taken those comments a step further and compared the Democrats fighting to protect Americans from gun violence to  criminals and terrorists. On the NRA s radio show Cam & Company, host Cam Edwards claimed that just like terrorists and criminals, the Democrats participating in the sit-in were not following rules. He said: So in order to push legislation that the sponsors say would not have prevented the attacks in Orlando, Florida, they re also going to flout the House rules. Kind of like, you know, criminals and terrorists flout the rules that we have in place right now and will continue to do so? Edwards also said that those Democrats were  in violation of House rules on photography  because they continued to post the event after House Republicans turned off C-SPAN cameras.To make Edwards  comments even more infuriating, he actually tried to educate Rep. Lewis, who is a civil rights legend, on civil rights movements. Edwards whitesplained the Democrats  sit-in: I don t know what to call it, a sit-in, again, generally speaking we saw the sit-ins in the civil rights movement that were advocating for individuals being able to enjoy the same rights that other Americans enjoyed, right? That s what the protests were, that s what   we re sitting at this lunch counter and we re not leaving until we get served. Not we re sitting at this lunch counter and we re not leaving until you remove this item from the menu.We re going to sit right here and we re not leaving until you recognize us as human beings, as Americans who have the same rights that that guy has over there and that she has over there. That s what the sit-ins were about in the civil rights movement. This, on the other hand, this isn t Congress demanding more rights for Americans, this isn t Congress demanding rights for themselves, this is Congress demanding power. These are House Democrats demanding the authority and the power to ignore the Fifth Amendment when they see fit, to view the Bill of Rights as an impediment to lawmakers, to treat it as such and to try to degrade. Kind of like what they say with ISIS right? Blind white privilege is an ugly, terrifying thing. You can watch Edwards  disgusting comments below:No matter what the GOP serves up, Lewis and his fellow Dems have vowed to keep the pressure on the Republicans to change gun laws. Lewis promised that the fight would continue immediately after the July 4th holiday: On July 5, we re going to continue to push, to pull, stand up and if necessary, to sit down. Featured image via Elizabeth Warren Twitter",0
5757, VICTORY: Supreme Court Saves Affirmative Action,"Another day, another time the Supreme Court surprises everyone. While the divided court issued a serious blow to immigrants, their families, and the Obama administration, it did decide to save an important protection for minorities  affirmative action.The Court, and a 4 to 3 decision (Kagan did not participate), upheld the University of Texas  practice of considering race a factor in admissions.The surprise decision was written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, a Reagan appointee, and joined by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Stephen Breyer.Dissenting was Clarence Thomas, John Roberts and Samuel Alito.Kennedy, writing in the Court s opinion, warned that while it may use race as a factor in admissions, it may not be the only determining factor:The Court s affirmance of the universities admissions policy today does not necessarily mean the University may rely on that same policy without refinement. It is the University s ongoing obligation to engage in constant deliberation and continued reflection regarding its admissions policies.The case stemmed from an incident in 2008 when a high school graduate was denied admission to the University of Texas at Austin. The student, Abigail Fisher, who is white, alleged that she was a victim of racial discrimination. At the time, UT had a program that automatically accepted the top 10 percent of high school graduates, and took in other factors such as scores and extracurricular activities. Fisher, who scored in the top 12 percent, felt she was unfairly denied even though she had 1180 out of 1600 on her SAT, and volunteered for Habitat for Humanity.In other words, she felt entitled. And, whenever a white person is a  victim  of  discrimination,  they want to cry  racism  and throw everyone else under the bus.This decision was the second time the Supreme Court took up the case. The first time, the Court sent the case back to the lower system for further review. When the same conclusion was met, the Court agreed to hear it once more. The first time, however, all Justices except for Ginsburg agreed (Kagan, again, recused herself). Ginsburg s dissent chided the Court for ignoring precedence and racial history:Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote a dissenting opinion in which she argued that the University s admission policy treats race as merely one factor in the overall decision to admit a student, which is permissible under previous judicial precedent. She also argued that the Equal Protection Clause does not require that state universities be blind to the history of overt discrimination and that it is preferable that they explicitly include race as a factor in admission decisions rather than attempt to obfuscate its role.The Supreme Court made a surprising decision today. However, if Scalia was on the Court and still Kagan recused herself, the decision would have been split and the outcome would have been the same.In this case, justice would have prevailed anyway.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5758," If You Liked This Kid’s Trump Impression, You’re Going To LOVE His Bernie And Hillary (VIDEO)","If there s anyone who can appreciate a good Donald Trump impersonation it s Jimmy Fallon of The Tonight Show. Fallon has been impersonating Trump throughout the entirety of this presidential election, and doing so pretty damn flawlessly.However, there s another Trump impersonator who is giving Fallon a run for his money, Jack Aiello, and he just nailed Trump perfectly during his 8th grade commencement ceremony.For comparison, here s Aiello doing his amazing Trump impression:Aiello did such a good job with his impersonation that it garnered the attention of Fallon, who then brought him onto The Tonight Show to play  Little Donald,  who now will be Trump s running-mate. Fallon, as Trump, said on the show: The only person good enough to be my vice president is me. Which is probably a very accurate guess as to who the real Donald Trump would actually like as his running-mate.Although, what the audience wasn t expecting, alongside the Aiello s brilliant Trump impression, was an equally as impressive, if not better impression, of Bernie Sanders, finger wave and all. And, of course, Hillary Clinton was thrown into the sketch for good measure as well with Aiello and Fallon having the candidates prank calling each other.Needless to say, this kid has a bright future in impersonating, and SNL may be calling him sooner rather than later.Watch the hilarious sketch here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5759, WATCH: CNN Host Calls Out House Republicans For Refusing To Declare War On ISIS,"While Republicans whine that President Obama isn t going after ISIS hard enough, a CNN host reminded them that only Congress can declare war.It s right there in Article I of the Constitution. Only Congress has the power to declare war. The president does not have that power. In order for President Obama to take on ISIS with the full resources and military strength of the Unites States, Congress must declare war.But so far, Republicans have been cowards and refused to do so, instead claiming that President Obama already has the power to go full throttle against what they claim is our most dangerous enemy today.If ISIS is such a big threat, then why not declare war?That was CNN host Chris Cuomo s question when he grilled GOP Rep. Sean Duffy on Thursday.Duffy claimed that President Obama has not done enough to defeat and destroy ISIS, including saying the magic words  radical Islamic terrorism,  and said that Republicans should hold a sit-in protest at the White House demanding he take more action. Our generals say we could take out ISIS in weeks if not months,  Duffy declared. However, that s because there would have to be ground troops involved, which means war.Duffy claimed that President Obama is responsible for the Orlando mass shooting because he hasn t pursued ISIS enough even though airstrikes have killed thousands of ISIS fighters since the terrorist organization began their rampage across the Middle East.Cuomo replied by pointing out that Republicans in Congress have the power to help President Obama prosecute the fight against ISIS but don t want to be held responsible for sending troops into battle. I don t know what you re asking for that isn t done right now,  Cuomo said.  The generals do say they can take out ISIS, but we know what they re asking for: They re asking for boots on the ground. You re part of a Congress that won t even have a vote on the authorization for use of military force against ISIS. Duffy claimed that President Obama has the  all the authority he needs  because of the power Congress gave President Bush over ten years ago. The problem, however, is that those authorizations were to fight al-Qaeda in response to the 9/11 attacks and Congress has changed significantly since then. Most of the members serving now were not around at that time. If it matters so much, why not take control of it with the power that s yours?  Cuomo asked. Duffy claimed that he would  gladly  do it.Cuomo slammed Duffy by noting that Republicans never give President Obama blanket power. All they do is obstruct him from doing anything, yet they have no problem with him overstepping his constitutional authority to wage war against an enemy Congress has not declared war on.Duffy then changed the subject back to guns and why we shouldn t do anything to prevent terrorists from legally buying guns to commit mass shootings.Here s the video via YouTube.To be blunt, Republicans have been looking for any reason to impeach President Obama ever since he first took office. So far, they haven t found any legitimate reason or they would have done it already. And that s why it s important to question why Republicans won t declare war and why they are demanding that President Obama do more against ISIS.If President Obama listened to Republicans and began waging war against ISIS complete with the use of thousands of ground troops, they would crucify him for overstepping the authority of Congress and violating the Constitution and the separation of powers. They would then be able to legitimately claim that President Obama abused his power and could then impeach him.That is the only logical reason why Republicans are so insistent that President Obama unilaterally go to war against ISIS. But President Obama is smarter than they are and has refused to take the bait.If Republicans really want America to do more in the fight against ISIS the answer is simple. They should use their constitutional authority to declare war instead of being cowards.Featured image via screen capture",0
5760," President Obama Just Revealed His New Career, And It Could Be Awesome","There is a lot of speculation as to what President Obama might do after January, when he s no longer the Commander-in-Chief and lead punching bag for the racist right. Obama wants to be a businessman, maybe.The Obama family will be staying in Washington, D.C., at least for the foreseeable future, but that doesn t mean Obama s post-White House activities have to be limited to the nation s capital. Like all great American pioneers, Obama is looking west   this time, toward Silicon Valley, not Wall Street. In an interview with Bloomberg, Obama said: Well, I ve said this before and, I think, surprised a lot of people, but if I think about what would stir my passions had I not gone into politics, it d probably be starting some kind of business. The skill set of starting my presidential campaigns and building the kinds of teams that we did and marketing ideas I think would be the same kinds of skills that I would enjoy exercising in the private sector. The President was careful not to repeat the Republican talking point, that business skill somehow translates to running a country: Now, I m always careful about drawing too many easy parallels there, because sometimes there are CEOs who come in and start explaining to me how I should be running the presidency. And I sometimes have to stop them and say,  All right. One, I appreciate your advice. But imagine a situation in which half your board and management were actively trying to get rid of you and prevent you from accomplishing anything. And you had 2 million employees, and you couldn t fire a large portion of them. And your competitors weren t simply promoting their own products, but were continually saying how your products were the worst that were ever invented and will cause a civilizational crisis. If you pull that all together, then you ve got about half of what I m dealing with on a daily basis.' As for the type of business, Obama wants to help the world. He is interested in science and medicine. Like Bill Gates, Obama wants to use capitalism to try to save the world, one small project at a time. You can become Bill Gates. Or, in some cases, you can electrify a village. You can save water in a desert. That s the thing about the U.S. economy that continues to be unique. And it s tied to capitalism and markets, but it s also tied to a faith in science and reason and a mindset that says there s always something new to discover, and we don t know everything, and we re going to try new things, and we re pragmatic. And if we ever lose that, then we will have lost what has made us an incredible force for good in the world. If we sustain it, then we can maintain the kind of progress that has been made. I always tell interns and young people who I talk to that as tough as things seem right now, do not believe people when they tell you they wish they could go back to the good old days. Because the good old days aren t I m now old enough where I remember some of those good old days. While Obama s plans might not be locked in yet, we can be sure of one thing, he won t let his time go to waste painting pictures of feet or living on the golf course. Former Democratic presidents get s*it done, and Obama will be no exception. The right will hate whatever he does, though.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla at Getty Images.  ",0
5761, WATCH: Stephen King Tells The Absolute Truth About Why Mass Shootings Will Continue In America,"Author Stephen King has been a longtime advocate for gun control and he knows exactly why we can expect to see more mass shootings in the future.During a chat with Game of Thrones author George R. R. Martin, King briefly talked about about gun violence in the wake of the Orlando mass shooting in which 49 people were killed and over 50 were wounded.King suggested that shooters like Omar Mateen and Dylann Roof are at least partially driven to commit their heinous crimes by the media because they are looking for fame and the media always talks about the body count as if they are keeping score. In addition, the shooters end up getting their very own Wikipedia page and their photos are plastered on the news for days or even weeks after their crimes.King said that these shooters start out as  nobodies  and that they see committing a mass shooting as a way to gain notoriety. A lot of these guys are nobodies who see their way to some kind of stardom by creating an act of mass terror. And, of course, the sad thing about this is that we remember the killers long after their victims are forgotten, and that s one of the things that makes this a self-perpetuating act. I would argue that someone like the man who shot all these people in Orlando, he may have pledged allegiance to ISIS but before that he was a spouse abuser and somebody with a lot of anger. And I think that in a lot of cases these acts are perpetrated by people who may put some political icing on the cake, but basically they re just f*cking crazy. Indeed, and those  f*cking crazy  people are able to legally buy assault weapons, which King pointed out will continue to lead to more mass shootings as long as we allow people access to them. If that guy had gone in there with a knife he would have been overpowered before he had stabbed more than four people. As long as anybody who s got only two wheels on the road can walk into a store and buy a f*cking killing machine like an AR-15 or something, this is just going to go on. It s really up to us. Here s the video via YouTube. King s remarks on gun violence begin at the 40 minute mark.Stephen King is absolutely right and his point is illustrated perfectly by Australia. After five mass shootings between 1987 and 1996, the people there demanded action and banned assault weapons. There hasn t been a mass shooting since.Featured image via screen capture",0
5762, Congresswoman Brings The Bullet That Almost Killed Her During Historic Sit-In,"Here s something a lot of people may not know: a current member of Congress was a victim of a mass shooting.California Rep. Jackie Speier, a progressive Democrat, brought a unique perspective to the historic House sit-in initiated by civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis. As members of the House read the stories and names of countless victims of gun violence, Congresswoman Speier told her own story, a story that would shake anyone to their core.But with her speech, she also brought something special with her on the House floor: the bullet the almost killed her.In 1978, Speier, at that time a Congressional aide to Rep. Leo Ryan, accompanied the Congressman and several others to Jonestown to investigate human rights abuses at the hands of cult leader Jim Jones. Upon leaving the encampment, Speier and the others were ambushed in a guerilla attack from members of the cult. Congressman Ryan was killed, along with five others, and Speier was shot five times. She waited 22 hours for help to arrive.This issue was so personal to the Congresswoman that she flew back to D.C. from California just to be in solidarity with her colleagues and the thousands of victims all across the country. Holding up the bullet, still in its FBI evidence bag, Congresswoman Speier laid out just how personal and important this fight is not just for her, but for everyone who has ever been a victim of gun violence:This was taken from my body. Five bullets ripped through my body. I can t begin to tell you what that is like. I can tell you what it s like to live with a disfigured body the rest of your life. I can tell you that this dumdum and my disfigured body are things that remind me each and everyday why what do here now is so important. We cannot continue as business as usual.The Congresswoman, who keeps the bullet in her drawer, has never showed the public before. The act drew gasps from her colleagues, but praise for her act of courage.While Republicans went and smoked cigars, Democrats stood up, and some relived tragedy, like Speier and Rep. Debbie Dingell, a victim of domestic abuse with a gun. The House sit in sums up perfectly the old saying: a liberal says  This should never happen to anyone, and that s why I care. A conservative says,  This hasn t happened to me, so I don t care. Speier lived through the most horrific tragedy, and that s why she cares. Thank you, Congresswoman.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5763, Read Gabby Giffords’ Beautiful Letter In Solidarity With Democratic Sit-In,"When Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords was shot in 2011, Congress refused to act. Knowing it could happen to any of them at any time wasn t enough to spar action. When 20 children were killed in their classrooms at Sandy Hook in 2012, Congress did nothing. Knowing their own kids could be next, they still decided it wasn t worth the effort.Then Orlando happened. The worst mass shooting in American history, and still no action from the GOP-controlled Congress.So Democrats decided to do a classic sit-in. Walk in, sit down, and refuse to leave until something, anything, was done to curb America s gun violence epidemic. Dozens of Democratic lawmakers are standing their ground on the House floor and refuse to budge, even as the House adjourns for a weeks long recess.Giffords, who is no longer a member of Congress, has written an open letter of solidarity with her former colleagues:Dear Member of the House and former colleagues:There is nowhere I would rather be right now than with you on the floor of the People s House, representing Southern Arizona, fighting for our country, and working to make our communities safer. But your action is the balm for my regret and it is the inspiration for my continued commitment.Fighting gun violence takes great courage. I ve seen great courage when my life was on the line. I see great courage in many of you right now.Americans are grappling with a gun violence crisis. It is a crisis that tears apart the lives of so many Americans and touches every community. It is both public and private. In our homes and on our streets. At work, at church, at the movies, at a dance club, at school and at school again, at a Congress on Your Corner. The victims are young and old but always with so much life ahead of them. They are white and black, Latino and Asian, and Native American. They are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and straight. They are Christian and Muslim, Jewish and Sikh. They are veterans and government workers and union members. They are rich and poor. They die by murder, they die by suicide, and they die by negligence. Often, they don t die, but they carry the scars, and their lives change forever.If gun violence affects all of us Americans, then the solution is not up to just some of us. We are all responsible for our safety today and for the country we pass on to our children tomorrow. It s what makes us a country. Where our country has already come together behind the simple proposition that we ought to have laws that keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people so must our Congress. And they should not waste another minute.We must not accept the world that will be the product of inaction in Washington. We can do better. Some states have already made progress they show us that when we put aside our incidental or momentary differences and stand shoulder to shoulder, we have enormous power.It s been said that hope was forged of two powerful ingredients: anger at how things are, and the courage to change them. We will not be driven backwards to live in isolation from one another and in fear of violence.Thanks to you and millions of Americans who share our values of pluralism, liberty, and responsibility we will stand strong and work toward a safer nation for all of us.Speaking is difficult for me. But I haven t been silenced. And neither should the American people. Their Representatives must vote to prevent gun violence.Sincerely,Gabrielle GiffordsIn an emotional tribute, Gifford s best friend, Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, read the letter to her House colleagues in the well of the House, as Republicans sat in their offices, contemplating what to do next.Fixing America s violent obsession with guns has become Giffords  life mission. Along with her husband, astronaut Mark Kelly, Giffords and thousands of parents of children lost to gun violence are rising up and taking on the NRA head by storm. Unmoved by temporary setbacks (at the hands of cowardly Republican Senators), the mobilization of Giffords  efforts is gaining traction all across the country, with Democrats and Republicans alike who agree on one thing   no brainer gun reform: stricter background checks, no fly no buy, and no weapons for abusers and haters.While the Republicans close the doors, shut off the lights and collect their NRA checks, Democrats stand firm and stand with the people.We all stand in solidarity with Giffords, House Democrats, and the millions of people affected by gun violence here in the United States and abroad.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5764, ‘No F*cks Left’ Obama Just Crushed The Last Of Trump’s Pride With This SICK Burn (AUDIO),"You ve got to admire Barack Obama s ability to speak plainly, yet deliver a blow so hard that it burns a person s soul.Donald Trump has not had a good time of it lately at all. A lawsuit alleging that he raped a 13-year-old girl at one of billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein s infamous sex parties was refiled. He fired his woman-abusing campaign manager. The world has mocked him after it was revealed his campaign is completely broke. It was revealed that he has basically used his campaign funds as a piggy bank for his own companies and his family. He   the alleged billionaire   was reduced to begging for money so he can run television ads attacking Hillary Clinton over Benghazi and other ridiculous right-wing conspiracy theories. Trump, his hairpiece, and his ego are all reeling in the wake of the stretch of bad news he has faced.In an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek published Thursday, the President discussed a number of serious issues   but as has been recent tradition, Obama couldn t help delivering a devastating blow to the Republican presidential nominee. I  talk to that as tough as things seem right now, do not believe people when they tell you they wish they could go back to the good old days,  the President said.  Because the good old days aren t I m now old enough where I remember some of those good old days. Asked if it  annoys  him that someone who does want to bring back the  good old days  and who  is America s most successful businessman, at least by his own reckoning,  Obama laid into Trump: Well, I there s no successful businessman in America who actually thinks the most successful businessman in the country is Donald Trump. I know those guys, and so do you, and I guarantee you, that s not their view,  the President quipped.Trump is not the successful businessman he claims to be. He s failed at selling steaks, running a travel website, and who can forget the disaster that was Trump Vodka or his ridiculous board game? Trump University? Trump bottled water? His vitamin pyramid scheme? Donald Trump s life is a string of failures he was able to somehow overcome because he was already rich thanks to his daddy s money. A golf course owned by Trump narrowly avoided bankruptcy just this month.President Obama has spent his final term approaching Republicans with his claws out   something we can expect more of as the presidential race heats up.Listen to the remarks below (skip to the final minute):Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/Chip Somodevilla",0
5765," He Got Thousands Of U.S. Soldiers Killed, And Now He Backs Trump (VIDEO)","Donald Rumsfeld is widely regarded as one of the worst secretaries of defense to serve in the United States. Despite that fact, on Fox News he is still regarded as a credible voice on national security and he appeared on the conservative network on Wednesday night to announce his support for Donald Trump.Rumsfeld told host Greta Van Susteren that Trump was a  known unknown  and that he  could not  vote for Hillary Clinton.His statement was an insensitive joke, alluding to his claim in 2002 that there were  known unknowns  about the alleged links between al Qaeda and the Iraqi government of Saddam Hussein. Those non-existent links were later used as a pretext for Rumsfeld s then-boss, President George W. Bush, to invade Iraq in 2003.Rumsfeld joins former Vice President Dick Cheney in supporting Trump as stalwarts of the Bush administration. By comparison, Bush himself is not supporting Trump, nor are his father, former First Lady Barbara Bush, Trump s primary rival Governor Jeb Bush, or former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney.Rumsfeld s tenure as Secretary of Defense was marred by a series of blunders and lies that lead directly to the deaths of thousands of American soldiers and Iraqis. He ridiculed requests before the war began for a larger invasion force, which led to resources being stretched to the breaking point when the bloody Iraqi insurgency rose up against the troops.Under Rumsfeld, the U.S. military set up a torture site at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison, a black mark on the American record that has been cited by hundreds of terrorists and their allies as a justification for aggression towards the west.Rumsfeld also oversaw the turnover of many key American military functions to private contractors, who often engaged in torture and abuse while being paid by taxpayers.In 2006, an unprecedented  General s revolt  of retired generals and admirals called for Rumsfeld to be fired from his position. President Bush defended Rumsfeld until Republicans lost control of the House and Senate in fall of 2006, after which his resignation was accepted.Donald Trump has promised that as president he would increase the American use of torture, including waterboarding, a reversal of policy from President Obama but a return to techniques favored by his latest supporter   Donald Rumsfeld.Featured image via YouTube",0
5766, Paul Ryan Responds To Dem’s Sit-In On Gun Control In The Most DISGUSTING Way (VIDEO),"On Wednesday, Democrats took a powerful stance against the GOP s refusal to vote on gun control measures by staging a sit-in. While Republican politicians called a recess and took a lunch break, Dems stayed put on the floor and fought for the safety of America s citizens.Hours after the sit-in, House Speaker Paul Ryan weighed in on the event in an interview with CNN, and his comments were just as disappointing as they were disgusting. His response to a sit-in, which follows the deaths of almost 50 innocent Americans that lost their lives in a tragic mass shooting in Orlando a week ago, was this brutal sentence: This is nothing more than a publicity stunt. Seriously   a genuine attempt to get Congress to support gun control measures that will protect American citizens from senseless gun violence like mass shootings is considered a  publicity stunt  by a leading Republican. The Speaker of the House added that the Democrats involved in the sit-in were trying to rob Americans of their rights, insisting that we should not be focusing on gun control and that the real threat is terrorism. In saying this, Ryan has completely ignored the fact that there have been several mass shootings in the United States that have zero connection to terrorism and were caused by individuals that never should have been able to get their hands on a gun so effortlessly.To prove just how backwards Ryan s  logic  is, he accused the hard-working Democrats fighting for gun control legislation of doing the sit-in for  attention  instead of creating solutions (clearly, he forgot that his GOP colleagues were EATING LUNCH while this was happening   which definitely doesn t solve anything). When Wolf Blitzer asked Ryan if it was the NRA that was the major obstacle standing in the way of gun control legislation, Ryan said, No, the Constitution is  because Americans have a  guaranteed  Second Amendment right to firearms.You can watch Ryan s horrific comments below:The entire interview is infuriating, but truly proves that the GOP cares more about guns than Americans  right to safety.Featured image via Allison Shelley / Getty Images",0
5767, Democrat Hilariously Mocks Paul Ryan During House Sit-In: ‘He’s Up In His Office Crying’ (VIDEO),"On Wednesday, the Democratic party staged a powerful sit-in to protest Congress  inaction on gun safety proposals after the tragic mass shooting in Orlando last week. The sit-in was organized by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) and received the support and recognition from President Barack Obama as well as Americans all over the country who understand that the United States must become a safer place and that we can no longer allow innocent people to die as a result of senseless gun violence and relaxed gun laws.During the sit-in, Rep. Jim McDermott took it upon himself to mock one of the GOP s most prominent leaders, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI). Many GOPers had decided to go to lunch instead of vote on gun control measures, so the Democrats decided to have a little fun.It just so happened that the sit-in occurred on the very same day that Ryan was going to introduce his Republican alternative to Obamacare, and McDermott was reveling in the fact that the sit-in had probably ruined Ryan s day. McDermott told his fellow Dems: You threw a bomb under the door of his rolling out this health care bill. So if you re wondering where he is, he s up in his office crying. I mean, he had this thing all set, he had it all ready to go and we did this to him. You think you think there won t be payback? You don t know the Irish. You can watch McDermott slam Ryan in the footage below, which was posted to Facebook by McDermott s colleague Beto O Rourke (D-TX):Sadly, McDermott s insults toward Paul Ryan might have been the only tiny piece of justice the many gun violence victims and their families would get on Wednesday, considering the fact that Republicans  care more about their Second Amendment rights than protecting innocent American citizens. We commend all of the Democratic politicians who participated in the sit-in, and all who spoke out against the GOP.Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
5768, Hillary Clinton CRUSHES Donald Trump In This ‘Solid’ Red State,"As polls show Clinton beating Donald Trump in Kansas and catching up in Georgia, another  solid red state  is showing the presumptive Democratic nominee beating the Republican nominee.A recent poll conducted by OH Predictive Insight shows Hillary Clinton beating Donald Trump in Arizona by 5 points, 47-42 (with approximately 6 percent backing a third party candidate and less than approximately 6 percent unsure).The poll surveyed a whopping 1,060 likely Democratic, Republican, Independent and Non-Declared voters across the Grand Canyon state, and found that Trump s trailing comes from his serious deficit with women and urban voters. The last time a Democrat carried Arizona was in 1996, when Bill Clinton was elected to his second term.The pollsters responded with shock at Arizona s competitiveness. Mike Noble, managing partner of the polling company, said of the findings: It s very surprising to think that Hillary Clinton may carry Arizona, a state that holds the narratives of SB1070, two nationally known anti-illegal immigration sheriffs, liberal gun laws and consistently conservative constituents. Wes Gullet, another partner in the company and a former Phoenix mayoral candidate, echoed Noble s shock at the results: It s shocking to think that a Democratic presidential candidate would carry Arizona if the election were held today, considering that every statewide office in Arizona is held by a Republican as well as significant majorities in the Arizona House and Senate.  Arizona should be a reliable red state. The poll also showed 10 percent of Democrats backing Trump while 13 percent of Republicans are backing Clinton. Clinton also led Trump among Independents 45-38, a seven point advantage.In 2012, Mitt Romney won Arizona by 9 percent. The fact that Clinton nabs Independent voters and more Republicans than Trump does with Democrats could turn Arizona blue.The state that has given us SB 1070, Jan Brewer, Sheriff Joe Arpaio and a cranky John McCain may be turning blue after all. Maybe putting a racist, sexist xenophobe as the Republican Party s nominee wasn t such a good idea.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5769," Thanks To Obamacare, America Will Save $2.6 Trillion In Healthcare Spending","As Obamacare continues to survive court challenge after court challenge (and the Republican s 50+ attempts at repealing), some good news about the landmark healthcare law comes today from the Urban Institute s Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.A new study conducted by the Foundation shows that healthcare spending in the United States, over a 5 year period, will be reduced by $2.6 trillion. The study was a correction to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which reported inaccurate spending predictions based on a flawed view of consumer spending and attributes of the landmark healthcare law:When CMS originally made those projections, they really thought the slowdown in health-care spending [growth] was mostly due to the recession, and afterward we d see a return to the higher rates of spending growth   and that didn t really happen.Although Obamacare isn t completely responsible for the slow in healthcare spending, the study does note that that the healthcare law and the  ripple effect  of its policies are having an effect with Medicaid and other programs that is causing more financial stability in the markets.The hospital readmissions program (which is covered by federal reimbursements) saw a sharp decline in these rates once Obamacare came into law, saving the country billions. That s just one example of how the healthcare law has been saving the government tons of money it otherwise would have been throwing away for frivolous expenditures.So, in other words, the process may be cyclical, but Obamacare is certainly speeding it up (or slowing down the costs, in this case).The Kaiser Foundation, in 2013, also came to the conclusion:The hangover from the Great Recession has had significant effects on consumer spending in general, and health spending specifically   [The Affordable Care Act] has clearly had a large and direct effect on slowing down health spending in Medicare. Its effect on the rest of the health system is somewhat more speculative, but I believe it s real.Only one thing is for absolute certain: Obamacare has no skyrocketed healthcare spending. It may not be the only thing slowing it, but it certainly isn t bloating the budget.So when Republicans scream that the healthcare law will add to the deficit, add to the debt, created a bloated budget, or anything else they want to throw out in the air, the should read this study.All the doom and gloom the GOP has peddled for the last six years has shown to be nothing but right-wing conspiracy talk, drummed up to instill fear in people who are scared of a  socialist  takeover of healthcare.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
5770," Trump Project Under Federal Investigation, Possibly Violates Labor Laws","Donald Trump s project that is supposedly converting the Old Post Office building in Washington, D.C. is the subject of a Labor Department investigation. It is being alleged that workers on the site are being paid less than what is mandated under federal law.The Labor Department confirmed to POLITICO that it s looking into allegations of wage-rule violations by the Craftsmen Group, a Trump Organization subcontractor that restores windows. And workers on the site, including one Craftsmen Group employee, told POLITICO that they and others aren t receiving pay rates mandated by law. Two of them produced pay stubs to support their claims.Trump s refurbishment of the Romanesque pile, built in 1899, into a luxury hotel is his highest-profile real estate project, if only because the historic structure is situated just a few blocks from the White House. Trump staged a campaign event at the construction site in March, blending presidential politics with commerce.  When it s completed,  he said,  it will be truly one of the great hotels of the world. Trump s contract with the federal government for the site is actually structured so that Trump is actually leasing it from the government. That means wages on the site are set by federal law, which requires all workers   union or not   on the site to be paid the  prevailing wage  set in the area by labor unions.A sign at the Trump site pointed out that glaziers, the workers installing shower doors, should be paid between $24.30 to $27.64 an hour. But their paystubs show them earning way less   between $13 to $16 an hour   almost half of what the law requires.Trump has been slammed recently for repeatedly underpaying contractors who have done work on his properties, and in some instances not paying them at all for the work they ve done for him and his companies. Trump claimed that he was completely justified in stiffing workers.Featured image via Flickr",0
5771, House Republicans Turn Off Cameras So Americans Can’t Watch Democrats Fight For Gun Control (VIDEO),"This is disgraceful and it is an insult to every American who has ever lost a loved one to gun violence.Democrats are sick and tired of Republicans offering nothing more than  thoughts and prayers  instead of doing something substantial to prevent mass shootings, so they took to the House floor on Wednesday to protest GOP inaction in order to force House Republicans to allow a vote on gun control bills that Senate Republicans rejected on Monday.Led by legendary civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis, Democrats were preparing to hold a sit-in when Texas congressman and NRA shill Ted Poe called for a recess. We have been too quiet for too long,  Lewis declared.  There comes a time when you have to say something. You have to make a little noise. You have to move your feet. This is the time. Lewis and 60 Democratic colleagues sat on the House floor, recited the Pledge of Allegiance, and chanted,  no bill, no break.  But Republicans called for a break anyway and then they censored the sit-in by literally shutting off the video feed that allows Americans to see what is happening in the people s House.Here s the video via YouTube.Afterwards, Rep. Karen Bass told MSNBC that Republicans are running scared because they fear the NRA more than they fear the voting public. If you are constantly shut down, if if your voice cannot be heard, then it s time to take extraordinary measures,  Bass said of the sit-in.  I think the NRA s influence is very profound. A lot of times, people think of it as an individual campaign contribution, that s not the issue. The issue is the fact that for a lot of members, if they do not have an  A  from the NRA, they re concerned about the NRA running campaigns against them, supporting their opponents or running independent expenditure campaigns against them. That s the fear. Indeed, Republicans in the Senate fear the NRA so much that they literally rejected a measure that would have banned suspected terrorists from legally buying guns. We re not talking about la -abiding citizens who are not being investigated for having ties to terrorist groups. We re talking about people who may have been radicalized and are being looked at by law enforcement. Orlando shooter Omar Mateen was a suspected ISIS sympathizer, but he was able to buy his assault rifle legally because the FBI was powerless to ban him from doing so because Republicans are apparently just fine with terrorists buying guns in America to kill Americans with.That s outrageous and should rally every voter in the country to throw Republicans out of office. Because the GOP and their NRA puppet masters are now just as much a threat to national security as the terrorists.Featured image via screenshot",0
5772, Former WH Comm. Director: Trump’s ‘Pivot’ Ruined By ‘Trotting Out Conspiracy Theories Within Hours’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is attempting to actually, you know, run for president now. It s about time, right? Instead of holding violent rallies in which he spews racist remark after racist remark, he is now actually attempting to give speeches with some substance that take on his incredibly formidable opposition. Well, despite his best efforts, he is failing miserably at what political insiders are calling a deliberate pivot. Nicolle Wallace, who was the White House Communications Director under President George. W. Bush had harsh words for Trump s rebranding attempts. In short, it s not working. On MSNBC Live, Wallace blasted Trump, saying he s into the right-wing conspiracy theories again when it comes to attacking Hillary Clinton. Here is the transcript of her conversation with MSNBC reporter Brian Williams, via Media Matters:BRIAN WILLIAMS: And so, again, to take your model, that is to watch for 24 hours like a message control group, you think that fairly  NICOLLE WALLCE: Like an experiment.WILLIAMS: Yeah. And you think that that can be held up against as a test of the discipline of the new Manafort era?WALLACE: I just think that is the test, right? So we will say that he read from his teleprompter and our colleague, Rachel, laughed at me last time I gave him credit for doing so. But I really   I think the test is to look at 24 whole hours. I will pledge, in service of this network, to watch the next 24 hours and report back, because what happened the last time, when he came out and gave a foreign policy speech that was riddled with its own problems, was that he stepped on his own message by trotting out conspiracy theories on Fox & Friends in the morning. So, this was a speech that had the definite imprint of Paul Manafort and the family, which has taken firm control of the Trump campaign. Trump, I m told, realized by Sunday night that things weren t just bad, they were, quote, awful. And so, he is trying to make a pivot. And when you have such a small, skeletal campaign, you can pivot in two days because there s not very many people to turn around. So he has made that pivot in the last hour. But we do have to watch the next 24 hours, the next, you know, however many interviews he does and see if he veers wildly off message like he s done in the past. The thing is, much of what Trump said during his anti-Hillary speech on Wednesday is nothing more than lies from anti-Clinton books, such as the widely debunked Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer, and Crisis of Character by Gary Byrne. Mr. Trump, you re going to have to do better than that, considering that all Hillary Clinton has to do is use your own literal words to show just how dangerous for America you are.Hell, even many members of your own party, veteran political operatives like Nicolle Wallace, can t stand you. That should tell you something, and none of it good.Watch the exchange below, again via Media Matters:Featured image via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5773," Watch Violently Unhinged Trump Supporter Go FULL Racist: ‘Go Cook My Burrito, B*tch!’","With Donald Trump making a bad guy of anyone with brown skin, and claiming to even want to put a wall along the entire border of Mexico, it s stoking the flame of an already ridiculously racist part of America that is now feeling free to come out of the woodwork.One of Trump s racist supporters just lost his damn mind.The unhinged rant was caught on camera, and threats of violence were even made. The Trump supporter said: Made it USA, bitch. Made it fucking USA. Go fucking cook my burrito, bitch  Go fucking make my tortilla motherfucker, and build that wall for ME! TRUMP! I love Trump! Fuck you! I love my country! I ll fuck at least ten of you up  you re lucky all these cops are here It s become more than clear that this supporter, alongside so many others thinks that this sort of behavior is perfectly acceptable. Not only that, there s a sense of white pride entitlement that is so blindingly apparent.We simply cannot allow Trump to be president, because if he wins, be ready for much, much more of this. And that thought should terrify everyone.Watch the ridiculously racist rant here: Go cook my burrito, Bitch!  -Racist Trump supporter. @realDonaldTrump @titoortiz #NeverTrump pic.twitter.com/87HwPsfstC  Benny (@BRios82) June 22, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5774, WATCH: Stephen Colbert Takes Republicans To The Woodshed For Voting Against Gun Control Bills,"Stephen Colbert was so angry at Senate Republicans that he crushed them into dust during his show on Tuesday night.On Monday, Senate Republicans had the opportunity to join Democrats and pass gun laws designed to prevent suspected terrorists from legally purchasing assault weapons in this country to kill Americans with.Instead, the NRA puppets obeyed their masters and ignored the will of the American people by voting the bills down, which means potential terrorists like Omar Mateen will still be able to buy guns for future mass shootings.And that didn t sit well with Colbert, who wasted no time ripping Republicans to shreds. We all have jobs to do,  Colbert said.  I m doing my job right now and I ve got these cameras here to prove it. After the attacks in Orlando, I thought, maybe the government might do their job and pass any kind of law. Even a fig leaf to justify their existence. They couldn t even agree to keep people on the terror watch list from buying high-powered assault rifles. I don t understand you, Senate. Ninety-two percent of Americans want you to expand background checks for gun buyers and you just ignore them! Since when does 8 percent of the population get to have total control over an issue? That s like taking your entire family on a cross-country car trip and letting grandma choose all the music! Colbert then took the gloves off and continued smacking down Senate Republicans with a series of devastating jokes that should make every American so embarrassed that Republicans control Congress that they will do something to reverse that in November. Hey, Senate, my dog accomplished more than you this week when it rolled over and licked its nuts,  Colbert said, with a beat-track playing behind him. Hey, Senate, I ve seen bugs trapped in amber move faster than you! You guys think the terrorist watch list is when you put  Homeland  on your Netflix que. You might as well ask the gun lobby to check for a hernia as long as they ve got your balls in their hands. Senate, you couldn t pass a bill if it was coated in Ex-Lax. But if you ever did pass a bill it would say,  Be it resolved, no kissing and the NRA should just leave the money on the dresser. Senate, you accomplish so little that Kylie Jenner wants to know what you do for a living. Senate, you got more old white men lying around than a Life Alert ad. You re so divided, you couldn t come together if you had 30 hours and a reach-around from Sting. You re like a grandpa after an all-starch dinner, you cannot get sh*t done. Here s the video via YouTube:Senate Republicans should be ashamed of themselves. They were sent to Washington to protect and work for the American people, not the NRA. Clearly, they are incapable of doing anything substantial to protect the lives of Americans because the NRA owns them and would rather they insist that merely saying the words  radical Islamic terrorism  is enough. Republicans are not fit to be public servants. 150 years after the GOP ended slavery they ve become nothing more than slaves themselves on a plantation run by the National Rifle Association. And that is a threat to the lives of every man, woman, and child in this country.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5775, BREAKING: Dems Hold Sit-In On House Floor After GOPers Vote To Go To Lunch Instead Of Gun Bill,"The worst mass shooting in United States history took a backseat to Republican lawmakers  grumbling stomachs in a move that was so offensive, that Democrats decided they had to react with civil disobedience. In an unprecedented move, Republicans hurriedly sent Congress into recess and instead of leaving, House Democrats gathered on the floor and staged a sit in. While Republicans munched on their lunch, Democratic politicians never left the floor.The act of civil disobedience was fittingly led by Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights movement icon. Surrounded by fellow lawmakers, Lewis demanded Republicans hold a vote on gun measures that will begin to address America s appalling gun violence problem.Stop watching Trump and tune into CSPAN! @repjohnlewis leading sit-in in the House DEMANDING vote on gun measures pic.twitter.com/XVjYcNafo8  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 22, 2016Lewis made no secret that his intention was to get gun legislation going today, and not when Republicans found it politically convenient. He vowed that Democrats would  occupy this floor  for as long as it took.  We will no longer be denied the right to vote. At the very mention of gun legislation, Republicans  cut them off  and ordered that Congress break for lunch (where no doubt politicians could make panicky calls to their local NRA handlers for advice).As members started sitting down for sit-in, House majority cut them off, gaveled House out of session & into lunch https://t.co/YBQhC2diy4  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 22, 2016So here it is, perhaps one of the starkest examples in modern politics of just how different the two parties really are. Republicans fled the building, and Democrats quite literally sat on the floor and got to work.NOW: House members are sitting on the floor in protest of @SpeakerRyan refusal to bring gun measures to a vote pic.twitter.com/8RPQzVZSUF  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 22, 2016As lunch ended, Republicans came back in to find that their Democratic colleagues hadn t moved an inch. It set up yet another telling showdown   and yet another retreat by Republicans. When presiding officer Ted Poe ordered Democrats to leave, they stayed put and he gaveled another recess. If forced to actually hold a vote on gun control, Republicans have made it clear that they would rather flee the building than do their jobs.After Orlando, the response to this horrific act of violence was  thoughts and prayers  and little else. In fact, several politicians decided to exploit the tragedy in the sickest way possible by holding AR-15 raffles as part of their campaign fundraisers. It was clear almost instantly that their plan was to do absolutely nothing to work towards solutions. This is despite recent polls that show a whopping 92 percent of Americans believe the country needs stricter background check laws.So Democrats have had to do everything in their power to force the GOP s hand. If human decency won t get this done, maybe public shaming will.Featured image from Rep. John Yarmuth s Twitter",0
5776, Maddow: Trump’s Entire Campaign Is One Big Money-Making Scam (VIDEO),"Rachel Maddow never pulls any punches when it comes to holding politicians accountable, and she made no exception Tuesday night when she lit in to presumptive GOP 2016 presidential nominee Donald Trump. In fact, Maddow called Trump out for what he is: a con artist. Not only that, but it seems that Trump s campaign is nothing more than a scam to line his own pockets, and Maddow seems to be chomping at the bit to prove it.It seems that Trump s campaign has raised roughly $6.7 million in the month of May. Of course, raising money is normal for political campaigns, but there s a problem regarding the Trump campaign   most of the money he raised went right into his own pockets, or those of his family members. Further, more than 10%   meaning more than $6 million of the roughly $63 million in expenditures for Trump s campaign   has gone to the real estate mogul s own properties. But wait   it gets better. Trump is actually paying HIMSELF to campaign for president. Without further ado, here is a screenshot of that proof, from Federal Elections Commission filings, via Winning Democrats and Twitter:Looks like the candidate is drawing a salary? pic.twitter.com/3IZrnxMPnK  southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) June 21, 2016Well, Rachel Maddow was having none of it. She unleashed her wrath on Trump s apparent scam, and his rolling the dice with a presidential election in an effort to make more money like the con artist we all know him to be. She said: These are not the kinds of expenditures you would expect from someone who s actually running a campaign for President who actually intends to win the presidency. It s more like a concert tour. It s more like a promotional tour for a celebrity who s hocking something than it is like a campaign where you need people to go out and vote for you in November.I mean, the biggest expenses are private jets, renting out venues   preferably ones where Mr. Trump gets to pay rent to himself for using that venue   and also swag. Merchandise is what the Trump campaign is spending its money on. Speaking of merchandise, the campaign gets its hats from a woman who sits on the board at Nazi sympathizer Eric Trump s charitable foundation. The polite way to say this is it s a racket. It s not designed to necessarily win the election.  While Trump might win, Maddow points out that it s pretty clear  it s not the aim. It is a byproduct of what is the principal effort, which is to make money. So, in other words, Trump is using a United States presidential election to make money. He doesn t want to be president. He wants to line his own pockets. Let s just hope that he doesn t manage to actually win an office he clearly doesn t even want. Trump wants power and money. This campaign and this election are nothing more than a scam and a power play for Donald Trump. We don t need this person as our Commander-in-Chief.Watch the evidence of Trump s con artistry at the expense of the American people below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5777, Warren Buffett Knows Exactly Why Trump’s Campaign Is Broke,"Warren Buffet, one of the richest men in the world and someone who actually does know a lot about money, has known this whole time what drove Trump s campaign finances into the ground. He didn t say as much, because at the time Buffett revealed this, it was 1991 and he was talking about Trump s bankrupt Taj Mahal. What he said then can apply now, though, and the state of Trump s campaign finances backs it up.Back when Trump filed for bankruptcy on the Taj Mahal, Buffett was giving speeches to undergrad students at Notre Dame when someone asked him where Trump went wrong. Buffett said: He simply got infatuated with how much money he could borrow, and he did not give enough thought to how much money he could pay back. That s so Trump, especially when faced with the possibility that he can t do what he wants because of consequences. So is this: The big problem with Donald Trump was he never went right. He basically overpaid for properties, but he got people to lend him the money. He was terrific at borrowing money. If you look at his assets, and what he paid for them, and what he borrowed to get them, there was never any real equity there. No, he never did go right. Trump has six bankruptcies total in his history, which is a lot, even over 25 years. He owes at least $100 million to Deutsche Bank. One has to wonder whether he got over his infatuation with borrowing, or whether he learned anything from his bankruptcies. He certainly hasn t learned to think about the consequences of anything he does.His campaign is more than $40 million in the hole with just over $1 million in the bank, and he just sent out his first desperate email begging his constituents for money. He ll need those donations to keep his campaign running, not pay off debt. Perhaps he thinks the debt will walk quietly away?This is significant because, if he s as in love with debt as he is with himself, he very well could make our national debt skyrocket despite his more than impossible promise to have it paid off within eight years. He s far more likely to actually bankrupt the U.S. than any other candidate if he s mired in this notion that he can borrow money indiscriminately.Buffett and Trump are polar opposites in the way they do business, and even in the way they see government. For instance, Trump has bragged about the low tax rate he pays, as if that s something to be proud of when the government is talking about cutting needed services because there isn t enough money. Buffett, on the other hand, has called for higher taxes on the wealthy repeatedly.That makes Buffett the smart one of these two, but then, we already knew that.Trump keeps saying he can change his tune anytime he wants, but the few paltry efforts he s made have failed spectacularly within just a few days. It s a good bet that he ll remain addicted to borrowing money, even as president. He has his eye on the prize, and the prize is a destroyed U.S., and a fat wallet for himself.Featured image by Paul Morigi/Getty Images",0
5778, House Republican Wants To Ban The Treasury From Putting Harriet Tubman On Currency,"Long story short: a Republican member of the House has filed an amendment to block the United States Treasury, which is responsible for monetary transactions in this country, from putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill.But it has nothing to do with race whatsoever, the Republican says. Of course not.Rep. Steve King is the one behind the amendment. You know, the guy who says Mexican immigrants have calves the size of cantaloupes because they smuggle so many drugs into the country. He s totally not racist, and wants you know why. Pulling a $20 out of his pocket, the Congressman from Iowa declares: It s not about Harriet Tubman, it s about keeping the picture on the $20. Y know? Why would you want to change that? I am a conservative, I like to keep what we have. But the Congressman didn t stop while he was ahead. Naturally, he went on to say something incredibly stupid, adding that putting women or people of color to our currency was actually in of itself sexist and racist, and of course blamed liberals for political correctness: Here s what s really happening: This is liberal activism on the part of the president that s trying to identify people by categories, and he s divided us on the lines of groups.   This is a divisive proposal on the part of the president, and mine s unifying. It says just don t change anything. Dear Congressman: putting a black woman, an abolitionist, on our currency isn t divisive. Trying to block a federal agency by withholding money, because you oppose a black woman being on currency, is divisive.King then accused President Obama of  disrupting civilization  over the decision.So not only is he a flaming racist, he s a total drama queen.Luckily the Rules Committee refused floor consideration of the overtly racist amendment. With Trump in his back pocket, House Speaker Paul Ryan can t afford to indulge another racist.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
5779, Elizabeth Warren Hilariously Exposes Trump’s Lies About His Business Record (VIDEO),"Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren has launched yet another epic attack on presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, and it s circulating around the internet at lightning speed.Trump had barely recovered the tongue lashing that his biggest rival, presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had just given him about his failed businesses when Warren echoed the former Secretary of State s comments in a new video. The video appeared on MoveOn.org s Facebook page on Tuesday morning, and quickly went viral as Warren unloaded on the business mogul, criticizing him for not providing his tax returns and not paying them every year like all Americans must.Warren started off by talking about how much she despised Trump: I have to be honest: It s hard to talk about Donald Trump. Between his ignorance, racism, sexism, lies it s hard to know where to start.Warren s video was only four minutes long, but she made sure to burn him every second she had. She said: We don t know what Trump pays in taxes because he is the first Presidential nominee in 40 years to refuse to disclose his tax returns. Maybe he s just a lousy businessman who doesn t want you to find out that he s worth a lot less money than he claims we can t know for sure. But, here s what we do know. The last time his taxes were made public, Donald Trump paid nothing in federal taxes ZERO. Zero taxes before, and for all we know he s paying zero taxes today. And he s proud of it. A few weeks ago he said he s more than happy to dodge taxes because he doesn t want to throw his money  down the drain. Warren ended the video by urging Americans to educate each other about Trump s untrustworthy nature: Whatever Donald Trump says, whatever scam he tries to pull, whatever disgusting thing he thinks he can say because he s Donald Trump    speak out. Talk to the person behind you in the grocery store. Talk to the person pumping gas next to you. And yes, share this video with your friends. Ask your Fox News-loving Republican uncle: Why do you pay your taxes but Donald Trump doesn t? You can watch Warren bash Trump below:This is likely to hurt Trump more than many other insults, because he s shown how sensitive he is about his failing business record in the past, when his shut down businesses and fraudulent Trump University were exposed.Since being uploaded, Warren s video has been viewed millions of times, and was released just as Clinton was making an anti-Trump speech in Ohio. Clinton and Warren have been ganging up on Trump a lot recently, and we have to say that we re loving every second of it.Featured image via Astrid Riecken / Getty Images",0
5780," Trump Has Sent Out His First Email Begging For Money, And It’s Beyond Ludicrous","Ever the self-absorbed, narcissistic candidate, Donald Trump has nevertheless been reduced to doing what every other candidate in any race does   sending out fundraising emails asking for donations. His first email, though, doesn t feel like a sincere attempt at raising money. Instead, it s full of the same language he uses to talk about how great he is, with a little twist thrown in to remind everyone of how rich he is, too.Our three-ring political circus began his very first fundraising email with this: I m going to help make it the most successful introductory fundraising email in modern political history by personally matching every dollar that comes in WITHIN THE NEXT 48 HOURS At most, that will raise $4 million, and only if everything goes exactly as planned, including the number of people he believes will donate the needed dollars. Considering that Ben Carson s failure of a campaign has more cash on hand than he does, this fundraising effort already isn t off to the best of starts. It doesn t seem to matter to him, though, as long as he comes off sounding like the winner we all know he s not: Even without this match, this initial effort would have been the most successful first fundraising email in history. I am certain of this. Oh, please. What a prognosticator he is! He then gets into his typical insulting rant, attacking Hillary Clinton and alluding to this delusion he s got that, once he s president, America will win so much that we ll all be sick of it: The bottom line   Crooked Hillary has been a DISASTER for our country, and we must win against her this fall.Let s make history again, and keep winning, by making this the most successful first fundraising email ever. And if it s not, he ll get up on a stage somewhere, stand behind a podium, and claim he raised ten times the amount of money he actually raised just so he can look successful. For May, his campaign only raised $3 million, compared to the $26 million that Hillary raised. Hillary also has $40 million more in cash than Trump does. Yet he told NBC News,  I understand money better than anybody. Sure he does. So he ll raise $4 million if he s very lucky and claim he raised $40 million. Or at least, that he outraised Hillary even if it s not true. As Slate writer Elliot Hannon said,  It will be interesting to see if the email moves the needle.  At all.Featured image by Branden Camp/Getty Images",0
5781, Clinton Scorches Trump: ‘All His Business Books End At Chapter 11’,"Hillary Clinton has been gearing up for months to take on Donald Trump and expose him as the fraud he is. She exposed his nonsensical view of the world in a searing national security speech, and now she did it over his dangerous, risky, and shameful career in the private sector.At a blistering speech in Columbus, Ohio (a very important swing state), Clinton worked in some very stinging zingers against the  billionaire  mogul, including a shot at his multiple bankruptcies:Trump has written a lot of books about business   but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.Clinton also referred to the pending lawsuit against Trump University (which the media has completely forgotten about since the shooting in Orlando), saying,  The same people he s trying to get to vote for him are people he s been exploiting for years. Trump and his campaign, of course, deflected, and accused her of running a  hedge fund  for the Clinton Foundation during her tenure as Secretary of State.Here s the difference between what Trump did (and his currently doing) and what Clinton has done:The Clinton Foundation took money from countries around the world and turned it into AIDS medication, schools and learning supplies for girls, clean drinking water in Africa, and hospital supplies in the Middle East. Trump tried to scam veterans out of a donation until the media called him out on it. And he scammed thousands of honest, hardworking Americans out of their money in a fraudulent  university. But Clinton s speech wasn t just an attack on Trump. She carefully and plainly laid out her economic agenda:Notably, even with the drawn-out battle against Bernie Sanders behind her, Clinton hewed closely to progressive goals and rhetoric. She vowed in her speech to veto any efforts to undo Dodd-Frank financial reforms and reiterated her opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, while noting that Trump s own businesses have engaged in the kinds of outsourcing he now attacks.Clinton s rhetoric is getting sharper, and her strategy is getting clearer: she s going to crush Donald Trump.Featured image via J.D. Pooley/Getty Images",0
5782, Pastor Who Prayed For Deaths Of Orlando Survivors Just Got Kicked Out Of His Building,"Pastor Roger Jimenez made national news after the most recent mass shooting at a gay night club in Orlando when he decided to share what God thinks on the matter   specifically that more  sodomites  should be dead. Unfortunately for him, his god is a spiteful one who doesn t like people putting words in his mouth   or Jiminez is simply an intolerant person whom a civilized society will not tolerate. In any case, the good pastor just got some very, very bad news.After the shooting, Jimenez made some remarks that were horrifying even by right-wing  Christian  standards, explaining that the country shouldn t be mourning the death of 50 sodomites. People say, like:  Well, aren t you sad that 50 sodomites died?    Jimenez continued in his ravings.  Here s the problem with that. It s like the equivalent of asking me  what if you asked me:  Hey, are you sad that 50 pedophiles were killed today? Um, no, I think that s great. I think that helps society. You know, I think Orlando, Fla., is a little safer tonight,  he concluded, adding that he s upset more didn t die: The tragedy is that more of them didn t die. The tragedy is   I m kind of upset that he didn t finish the job! The remarks were universally condemned, even by some of the more extreme elements on the right who have not completely lost their sense of humanity. And now, Jimenez is looking for a new place to hold his hate group meetings church services. WMAZ reports that the property management company and owner of the building which Verity Baptist Church calls home will not be renewing Jimenez s lease:The property management company and owner of the building in which Verity Baptist Church and its Pastor Roger Jimenez preside have decided not to renew the church s lease, and have asked church officials to consider moving.Under the terms of the lease, Jimenez cannot simply be evicted, but the company says it can not tolerate tenants who advocate hatred and the taking of innocent lives. We have many places of worship and other religious organizations in the properties we manage,  company officials said in a press release.  Like all our tenants, their occupancy rights are protected in their leases. But, of course, that won t be an issue once the lease is up in March of 2017, and Jimenez and his hateful friends are told to put their boots to the pavement. If Jimenez leaves early, his lease will be canceled without any penalty. Just as we respect the right of individuals to speak their views, as distasteful as they may be, we also respect the right of others to protest as a reflection of their values,  the company says. For decades, the owners and staff at Harsch Investment Properties have supported the LGBT community and many other organizations whose missions are to further respect, dignity and the ability for all individuals to live their lives as they wish. Jimenez is an ideological clone of Tempe Arizona s Pastor Stephen Anderson, who also made some rather horrific remarks about the massacre. Anderson didn t even wait for the bodies to grow cold before he posted a gleeful and celebratory message on YouTube in which he said it was  good news  that 50  f*ggots    a group he, too, calls pedophiles without any evidence   died. At least these dangerous predators, these dangerous filthy pedophiles at this gay bar, at least they re off the streets,  Anderson, who leads Faithful Word Baptist Church, said. Jimenez has guest preached at Faithful Word on multiple occasions.Watch the pastor s hateful rant below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5783, Obama Visits Wounded Warriors After Trump Uses Soldiers As Campaign Props,"On Tuesday President Obama visited wounded and ill soldiers receiving treatment at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.Obama spent about an hour making the rounds Tuesday at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.The White House says Obama met with eight Army members, two Marines and one member each from the Navy and Air Force. He also met with veterans and family members.CBS reporter Mark Knoller pointed out the visit was President Obama s 27th to a military hospital since becoming commander-in-chief in 2009.There aren t any photos of the President inside the facility because he considers these trips private. During the presidential campaign in 2008, Republicans tried to use the lack of photos as evidence then-Senator Obama had  snubbed  the troops. It was a lie.Obama s reverence for the troops stands in strong contrast to the recent episode with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.While feuding with Fox News during the Republican primaries, Trump threw a temper tantrum about debate moderator Megyn Kelly and skipped a debate on Fox News. Instead, Trump threw what he claimed was a fundraiser for military charities and announced at the event that he had raised several million dollars for those groups.Trump proceeded to congratulate himself at several campaign events in the following days.But the Washington Post looked into it, and could find no evidence that Trump had made the donations, despite using them to promote himself.Trump was eventually pressured into donating to the groups, months after he claimed he had done so in the first place, and held a defensive, petty press conference claiming that nothing had gone wrong, despite the ample evidence to the contrary.While President Obama, who is tasked with the decision of whether to put the military in harm s way, quietly honors military service and sacrifice, Trump used them as human shields and as a cheap and tawdry campaign gimmick.Featured image via Flickr",0
5784, Harry Reid Has Brutally Honest Message For The GOP From Their Pals At The NRA (TWEET),"After Republicans in the Senate decided that they would side with the gun lobby over saving lives, many have been expressing their opinions in regards to how heartless these GOP Senators must really be.These Republicans voted down expanded background checks, closing the gun show loophole, and preventing suspected terrorists from having access to purchasing firearms. All pretty damn common sense things that wouldn t to anything to  responsible gun owners.  So, it leaves you wondering, why would so many Republicans vote against common sense and humanity?Well, one man, a man who has been a colleague to these Republican Senators for a very, very long time, decided to share some insight with his GOP pals that they seem to be extremely unaware of.Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) took to Twitter to let his Republican friends know a thing or two about what the NRA and the gun lobby really wants out of them   profit: Here s a tip for my GOP friends: The NRA doesn t care about you. It cares about making money for gun manufacturers and making money for NRA. Here's a tip for my GOP friends: The NRA doesn t care about you. It cares about making money for gun manufacturers and making money for NRA.  Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) June 21, 2016Which is exactly right.Do you think these Republicans will listen? Probably not. Their ears are too stuffed with money drenched in the blood of the victims of gun violence.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5785, Trump Had THIS Black Republican Removed From A Campaign Event,"There aren t very many black Republican Party officials in the United States, but somehow one was too many for Donald Trump s presidential campaign at an event in Atlanta.Buzzfeed reports that Michael McNeely, the first vice chair of the Georgia Republicans, was given the heave-ho by Team Trump.Michael McNeely, the first vice chair of the Georgia Republicans, was escorted out of Atlanta s Fox Theatre by Secret Service after being told there was  no more room for you  by Trump campaign state director Brandon Phillips, according to a party official briefed on the incident. The official requested anonymity said they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the party.McNeely was stopped while trying to enter an area where Trump had been greeting supporters, the sources said. Neither Phillips, the Trump campaign, nor the Georgia Republican Party returned messages seeking comment.Trump s campaign has been continually plagued with racial problems, largely brought on by the candidate and his belligerent attitude towards everyone who isn t a white male. Trump recently caused heads to shake when he singled out a black man at a rally as  my African-American,  and again prompted furrowed brows by indicating that only blacks in America were in dire financial straits.Over his media career, Trump has had racist incidents. He argued in favor of the death penalty for The Central Park Five, a group of black men accused of rape who were eventually all proven innocent after serving time in prison for most of their lives. Even when the men were found innocent, Trump took out ads calling for them to be executed.Trump was also accused by the federal government of engaging in discriminatory housing practices when operating his apartment buildings.The candidate also has an odd verbal tick in which he often refers to  the blacks,  rather than  blacks,   black people,  or  African-Americans. He is also the most well-known practitioner of the racist conspiracy theory that President Obama was not born in the United States, and even financed a  birther  posse that supposedly investigated Obama (but found nothing).Featured image via YouTube",0
5786, Conservatives Who Think The GOP-Led Senate Preserved Gun Rights Need To Read This NOW,"A mother s heart-wrenchingly true Facebook post is going viral following yesterday s Senate vote on gun legislation, despite her having written it just a few days after the Orlando massacre. To put it bluntly, Senate Republicans have a bad habit of saying they re voting for law abiding gun owners, and for gun owners  rights, when they vote down gun legislation. They aren t. They re voting against children   even extremely young children. Innocent children. American children. Their children and grandchildren. Politicians   take a look. This is your child, your children, your grandchildren, your great grand children and future generations to come. They will live their lives and grow up in this world based on your decisions. They are barely 3 and they will hide in bathroom stalls standing on top of toilet seats. I do not know what will be harder for them? Trying to remain quiet for an extended amount of time or trying to keep their balance without letting a foot slip below the stall door? Stacey Wehrman Feeley took a picture of her three-year old daughter standing on top of their toilet, and she originally thought this was simply the hijinks of a young child and she wanted to show her husband. Then her daughter told her what she was really doing: She was practicing for lockdown drills at her school.An innocent three-year old is practicing for lockdown drills. Why should a three-year old even have to worry about gun violence at her school, or anywhere else?That prompted the long Facebook post that contains the above paragraph, but that s not all she said. Feeley also said: No one thinks gun control will be 100% crime control. But maybe, just maybe, it helps 1% or 2% or 50%? Who knows unless we try? Why on earth are there not universal background checks? Where is a universal registration database? Why are high capacity magazines ever permitted to be sold to anyone other than direct to the military? Is that really necessary to protect yourself or hunt for that matter? What about smart guns, where are they? That is the question, isn t it? Republicans tend to parrot the NRA s line that these measures won t stop criminals or terrorists, so we shouldn t enact them at all. Democrats, too, do that to some degree, but not the way Republicans do. CNN called yesterday s votes  tough election year politics,  and mentioned longstanding disputes over what would be effective. Sadly, they re correct when they say this was expected.There s a reason the GOP is called  the Party of No.  They d rather do nothing at all than piss off their handlers, all while manipulating and controlling language to sound like they re the good guys.What Feeley is saying isn t,  I have the solution.  It s  We need to start somewhere, and all these ideas have been on and off the table for years. Why has nothing been done?  And that s the question that all our politicians need to start answering. It s also a question that the NRA needs to start answering, since they re among the loudest  more guns  voices out there.The face that politicians particularly members of the Party of No need to see isn t just the face of the victims in Orlando, or the victims of shootings that already happened. It s the children who have to live in a world where they aren t safe anywhere, even at home, because Congress patently refuses to even try.Read her full post below:Featured image via embedded Facebook post",0
5787, Trump Appoints Michele Bachmann To Evangelical ‘Advisory’ Board,"As Donald Trump heads into the general election with virtually no money, little support, and absolutely no dignity, he s pivoting to the group of voters who are already loyal to the Republican Party: evangelicals.Trump has had a hard time gaining traction with the influential, religious voting bloc. But when push comes to shove, they always vote Republican, and overwhelmingly so. But Trump s a special kind of candidate. Everyone seems to hate him, so he ll need all the help he can get.So that help includes another loser   Michele Bachmann. The former Congresswoman and failed 2012 presidential candidate has been appointed, along with two dozen others, to a special evangelical advisory board.In announcing the formation of the board, Trump, who of course issued a gushing, pandering statement:I have such tremendous respect and admiration for this group and I look forward to continuing to talk about the issues important to Evangelicals, and all Americans, and the common sense solutions I will implement when I am President.Bachmann, who based her entire political life off a warped interpretation of God and the Bible, joins Jerry Falwell Jr., Ralph Reed, James Dobson, and a slew of mega church leaders all across the country.Bachmann, who ran as a Tea Party friend of the religious right in 2012, lost the contest in Iowa, a state with a heavy evangelical voting population. She placed a dismal sixth, while Mike Huckabee won. Bachmann is so hated by the evangelicals that even Phyllis Schlafly, a hero to the movement, wouldn t even consider Bachmann as her replacement for the ultra-conservative Eagle Forum.Having Bachmann on your advisory council for a demographic that hates her seems pretty counterintuitive, but hey, it s the Trump campaign   nothing makes sense.The board, which will meet regularly, will be prepping Trump for upcoming meetings with religious leaders all across the nation. A few of the individuals, including James Dobson and Richard Land, who are both leaders of churches and religious talk shows, actively campaigned for Ted Cruz and denounced Trump.As stated before, when all is said and done, the evangelicals will come home to the Republicans. So instead of reaching out to women, Hispanic and Latinos and millenials, Trump is actively spending his time appealing to people who will vote for him no matter what.It looks like the crazy Trump train has added the crazier Michele Bachmann to the mix. Thanks, Trump, for making this election even more entertaining.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5788, BREAKING: Donald Trump Is Being Sued For Repeatedly Raping A 13-Year-Old,"Part of the appeal of Donald Trump, at least for those who are drawn to him, is his reputation as a playboy who is rarely seen without a gorgeous model on his arm. Married or not, Trump didn t care. He s proud of the fact that he s a serial philanderer. Now, though, he s being sued for something that goes way beyond just cheating on one of his wives   he s accused of raping a 13-year-old.The alleged incidents (plural, as in a lot) happened more than 20 years ago. Trump was, at the time, a regular at convicted pedophile and billionaire Jeffrey Epstein s notorious Upper East Side parties.The plaintiff for now is going by the name  Jane Doe.  She alleges that the rapes occurred in 1994 and another woman corroborates her story.The lawsuit claims that a woman, who is only identified as  Tiffany Doe,  lured young girls from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and to the parties by promising them modeling careers. We do know how Trump loves models.The lawsuit, which repeats some allegations made in a dismissed complaint filed in California in April, offers a graphic account of the young girl s alleged encounters with Trump, the worst of which is described as a  savage sexual act.  The lawsuit claims that during this instance, Trump tied her to the bed and struck her face with his hand, saying he could do what he wanted, despite her pleas for him to stop. The complaint alleges that Epstein also raped her.Source: The Real DealTrump s legal counsel hasn t read the lawsuit, but you can be sure that Trump will deny the claim.There will never be criminal charges in this case because the statute of limitations has long past. This civil complaint might not make it to court either, because the statute of limitations for civil actions against rape is just five years, which means that the teenager would have had to sue while she was still a child. She claims, though, that there were extenuating circumstances   namely that she was terrified of Trump and that  her family would be physically harmed if not killed. Both defendants let plaintiff know that each was a very wealthy, powerful man and indicated that they had the power, ability and means to carry out their threats,  the complaint claims.The allegations are pretty brutal, especially given that the plaintiff was still a little girl:Monday s complaint details extremely violent and horrific alleged encounters between Trump and Doe. In what Doe s attorneys describe as a  savage sexual attack,  Trump allegedly tied her to a bed and exposed himself before raping her. When she pleaded that he stop, Trump allegedly  responded  by violently striking Plaintiff in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted,  according to the suit.Source: The GothamistThe plaintiff filed a similar suit in California in April. That suit was dismissed because of a paperwork technicality. Trump denied any wrongdoing in that suit. He claimed they were politically motivated. Of course, he claims everything is politically motivated. He can t deny, though, that he had a friendship with Epstein, who was convicted of sex slavery.The plaintiff is asking for just $75,000 and legal fees. She won t be getting rich, even if she wins.Featured image via Stephen Lovekin with Getty Images.",0
5789, 49 People Were Just Murdered In His State And This Republican Is Giving Away An AR-15,"Just over a week ago, the state of Florida became home to the worst mass shooting in modern American history. Omar Mateen walked into Pulse Nightclub in Orlando and opened fire with a semi-automatic rifle, murdering 49 people and injuring 53 others. In the week since the attack, Republicans have proven just how little they care about the people they are supposed to serve and there is no greater example of this than Greg Evers   a GOP candidate for Congress.Evers is a candidate for a congressional district that is located just a couple hours away from Orlando and he has decided that the best way to honor the people lost at Pulse is to give away a gun that is similar to the one they were murdered with. The candidate announced the Independence Day raffle on Facebook, saying: With terrorism incidents on the rise, both at home and abroad, protecting our constitutional rights has never been more important. With all that s happening in the world today, I ve never felt stronger about the importance of the second amendment in protecting our homeland than I do now. The Washington Post reports:The custom-built AR-15 rifle, which the Evers campaign says is the  Homeland Defender  collector s edition, will be given away to one randomly chosen person who has liked and shared Evers  page or signed up on his campaign website. It is open only to adults in the district. The winner will be selected on July 4 and must pass all required background and security checks.The rifle was made in Santa Rosa Beach, Florida, and displays the Second Amendment on a metal plate on the right side near the trigger guard.On Evers  Facebook page (which has a whopping 2,952 fans), Evers whined that his gun giveaway post had been removed  after a California-based liberal activist reported the post for  promoting graphic violence.'  It s interesting that he is trying to convince Florida voters that a scary liberal from California is out to get him, especially given the fact that Facebook does not tell users who reported their posts.https://www.facebook.com/882110315244181/photos/a.896229197165626.1073741828.882110315244181/918169401638272/?type=3&theaterSo, not only is Evers an NRA puppet, he is a lying NRA puppet.As a Florida resident and the best friend of someone who lost someone in the shooting at Pulse, I can not adequately describe how sick it makes me to see Republicans using the massacre to push their MOAR GUNZ! agenda. If the GOP actually cared about us, they would pass common sense gun legislation, but they refuse. Their response to the shooting is more evidence of why we should vote blue, no matter who.Featured image via Facebook",0
5790, Five States Have Now Voted To Circumvent Congress To Eliminate Citizens United (VIDEO),"If there s one thing most progressives   both Bernie and Hillary supporters   agree on, it s that Citizens United needs to go. In fact, most Americans   nearly 80 percent   agree that Citizens United needs to go. You d think that would be all Congress needs to propel them to do the right thing, but unfortunately, thanks to the very Supreme Court decision everyone hates, Congress won t do anything about it. There s too much money involved. The states, though   that s another matter. Five have already voted to reverse the decision and you can bet that more are coming soon.This year, over a billion dollars will be spent electing just the president. Millions will be spent on down ticket candidates. Much of this money is coming from PACs and Super PACs, with donations from corporations and billionaires. The money goes right into the coffers of candidates, who in turn give the money to media outlets who inundate us with ads. Everyone wins except the American people. Neither the media nor the politicians complain, mostly because they don t want to bite the hands that feed them. So, it s up to grass roots movements, and the grass roots will win out.The cliche is that the way to fight fire is with fire. That s what an organization called WolfPac is doing. They have opened a pac that is designed to get rid of Pacs and Super PACs. Here s what they want to do:To restore true, representative democracy in the United States by pressuring our State Legislators to pass a much needed Free and Fair Elections Amendment to our Constitution. There are only 2 ways to amend our Constitution: (1) Go through Congress (single digit approval rating) or (2) Go through our State Legislators via an amendment proposing convention.Wolf PAC believes that we can no longer count on our Federal Government to do what is in the best interest of the American people due to the unfettered amount of money they receive from outside organizations to fund their campaigns. We point to the failure of the Disclose Act as rock solid evidence that this would be a total waste of our time, effort, and money. We also point to the recent decision by the US Supreme Court to not even hear a case filed by Montana claiming it did not have to abide by Citizens United, as proof that state legislation is not a sufficient measure to solve this problem. We believe that we have no choice but to put an amendment in the hands of our State Legislators, who are not, at this moment in time, completely blinded by the influence of money, and might actually do what 96% of the country wants   take away the massive influence that money has over our political process.The list of states that have jumped on board is hardly surprising. It started with Vermont, the one state brave enough to elect a Democratic Socialist as a senator. In 2012, Vermont passed a joint resolution proposing a constitutional amendment saying that only people are people and that corporations are just made up entities. Then came California, the largest state in the country. Then came New Jersey and Illinois.The latest to join the call for a constitutional amendment if Rhode Island. In a unanimous vote, the state of Rhode Island became the fifth to take matters into their own hands.Here s the video:And more from The Young Turks:Sure, this is a drop in the bucket. A constitutional amendment needs to be ratified by 38 states and there aren t 38 blue states in the country, but that might not matter. People are sick of our elections being purchased by the highest bidder. People are sick of billionaires having a much larger voice in our democracy than anyone else. People are sick of the constant barrage of political advertising. The only people to lose out of turning corporations back into non-people are corporations and the politicians whose pockets are being lined.Featured image via Alex Wong with Getty Images. ",0
5791, Clinton Rips Trump For Stuffing His Pockets With Campaign Money (TWEET),"As the Donald Trump campaign shows signs of going broke, it s no surprise as to why: instead of paying staffers, building a political machine and reaching out to voters, Trump is using the measly dollars his campaign collects to pay himself and his businesses. The money has even gone to his personal entities, including his jet plane and his Florida estate, Mar-a-Lago.In total, Trump has paid himself over $1.4 million.While Trump continues to paint himself as the champion and savior of the middle class, Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, reminds people that Trump is only in this for himself, his image, and his brand   nothing else:What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course. https://t.co/6LsNwf4gTL  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 21, 2016While conservatives and liberals accuse Clinton of being beholden to money, it s good to remember that there s nothing illegal about this. Clinton does it too, and so does every other candidate with any of their own businesses that provide even the smallest service to their campaign, because the law requires them to pay for it, even if the candidate owns 100% of that business. What makes Trump different from Clinton and anyone else doing this is the sheer amount of money he s paid himself and how much he does it. He s not following the law like Clinton, he s bending and manipulating it.As Clinton calls it, Trump s meager campaign resources aren t being used to actually win a presidential election. This is all a charade for the  billionaire  mogul, who recently went on the record saying he d drop out of the race if someone offered him $5 billion. That s how much the presidency is worth to him. It s a game, and it s all about money.While Clinton gets endorsements from unions that represent millions of blue collar workers, Trump continues to line his pockets with the money of the people he s pretending to care about.Featured image via Angelo Merendino/Getty Images",0
5792," Clinton Gets Trump To Finally Snap: In A Fit Of Rage, He Admits He’s Little More Than A Con Artist","You wouldn t think it, but the question of  how to attack Donald Trump  has been a difficult one. The man is such a buffoon, such an angry lunatic, and so proud of it all, that very few genuine critiques seem to get through. Republicans learned that the hard way during the primaries, where not a single attack leveled at Trump seemed to land. If anything, every barrage only made him stronger. He s like an orange-tinted Godzilla marching slowly towards Washington.But Hillary Clinton seems to have found Trump s weak spot and during a speech in Ohio, she went after it with full force. What could make Trump lose his mind with rage? Exposing how unsuccessful he really is. And Clinton didn t hold back.Clinton: ""He s written a lot of books about his business. They all seem to end at Chapter 11.""  Sam Frizell (@Sam_Frizell) June 21, 2016Clinton also noted that Donald Trump has occasionally admitted to and even bragged about the fact that as a businessman he often ripped off taxpayers by exploiting debt and bankruptcy laws for his own advantage. The  successes  that Trump has had are really due to the hard work of American taxpayers that he has shown no hesitation to fleece. During her speech, Clinton remarked that Trump once dubbed himself the  king of debt    not a great look for a guy who sells himself as the savviest businessman in the world.Trump s response to all of this was a freakout of monumental proportions. We just got a taste of what it s like to see Trump have a nuclear meltdown in real time. It s not pretty.First Trump sent seven (count them) emails in a row, attacking Hillary Clinton with literally anything he could think of (including a few conspiracy theories he seems to have lifted directly from the internet):Hillary Clinton attacked Donald Trump on the economy, and Trump responded with seven rapid-response emails. pic.twitter.com/oXEEMehgvE  Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) June 21, 2016Then he grabbed his phone and started tweeting furiously, inadvertently sending a message that could very well be what historians note as the tweet that finally ended his campaign. In response to Clinton s charge that he was the  king of debt,  Trump said of course he was. And that he knew it was bad for the country but it made him rich.I am ""the king of debt.""That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 21, 2016If you re wondering how Trump s campaign team would allow him to send such a bone-headed tweet, the answer is 1) he fired his campaign manager yesterday and 2) Trump appears to have done this with zero oversight.Looks like Trump grabbed the wheel. pic.twitter.com/yMZApSIED2  Rob Flaherty (@Rob_Flaherty) June 21, 2016Let s take a brief moment to sum up the current campaign for the Republican presumptive nominee:Things seem to be going pretty well.Featured image via Branden Camp/Getty Images",0
5793, Afghanistan War Vet Humiliates Republican Opponent For Calling Him Weak On Terrorism (TWEETS),"Thinking before you speak is basically a required skill if you want to be a lawmaker, but Missouri GOP Senator Roy Blunt didn t get the memo.In the wake of the Orlando mass shooting, Republicans have been accusing President Obama of being weak against ISIS because he won t say the words  radical Islamic terrorism.  It s as if the GOP believes saying the words will magically make the terrorists go away. What exactly would using this language accomplish?  President Obama demanded to know in remarks made last week.  What exactly would it change? Would it make ISIL less committed to try and kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is none of the above. Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away. But Republican Senator Roy Blunt is now accusing his Democratic opponent of being weak on terrorism because he also hasn t said the words.Blunt, who cowardly dodged the draft during the Vietnam War through the use of student deferments posted the accusation against Jason Kander on Twitter. Despite Ft. Hood, Boston & Orlando, @JasonKander won t acknowledge the root of threats we face: radical Islam,  he wrote on Monday night after being criticized for voting to kill several gun control reforms that would ban suspected terrorists from buying guns.Despite Ft. Hood, Boston & Orlando, @JasonKander won t acknowledge the root of threats we face: radical Islam https://t.co/3RQu9TErRj #MOSEN  RoyBluntMO (@RoyBluntMO) June 21, 2016There s just one big really offensive problem with Blunt s attack.As it turns out, Jason Kander VOLUNTEERED to serve in the Army National Guard in 2001 and served a tour in Afghanistan fighting the War on Terror, a fact that Kander brutally reminded Blunt about in a reply. I volunteered to serve in Afghanistan to fight radical Islamic terrorism,  Kander wrote while also including the words Blunt accused him of refusing to say.  Think before you tweet. I volunteered to serve in Afghanistan to fight radical Islamic terrorism. Think before you tweet. https://t.co/3vDe9SHL4K  Jason Kander (@JasonKander) June 21, 2016And Twitter users were quick to mock the chickenhawk Blunt for his stupidity.@JasonKander @RoyBluntMO Big tough @RoyBlunt . How many deferments did you apply for #coward?  Manhattan Project (@spconcannon) June 21, 2016 Some actually fight terrorism (@JasonKander) some only talk about fighting terrorism (@RoyBluntMO) #VoteWiselyMO https://t.co/quZYq3mCey  Jane Dueker (@JaneDueker) June 21, 2016@JasonKander @jonfavs @RoyBluntMO Sen. Blunt is a coward; your vote sided with terrorists and you disparage a hero who actually fought them!  Pamela P (@luv_wins_) June 21, 2016 @JasonKander @RoyBluntMO pic.twitter.com/6pqL7VhgsC  kaitlyn (@CATlynaustin) June 21, 2016@RoyBluntMO @JasonKander I think he was actually fighting them in Afghanistan while NRA was building your DC house  Beganovic (@Beganovic_85) June 21, 2016 .@RoyBluntMO Erm, pretty sure @JasonKander Volunteered to serve in Afghanistan. pic.twitter.com/lnjJ08FJyg  (((Ron L Pitts ))) (@RonLPitts) June 21, 2016@RoyBluntMO @JasonKander Says the guy with 3 draft deferments to the guy who fought terrorists in Afghanistan.  Cale Miller (@Cale_Miller) June 21, 2016Roy Blunt should be ashamed and embarrassed, and he should definitely think about who he is talking to before he writes something so ridiculous on Twitter. Because right now, karma is biting him hard on the ass.Featured Image: Flickr",0
5794, Trump’s Campaign Finance Filings Reveal Millions In Payments…To His Own Businesses,"There s no question that Donald Trump is running a (ahem) unique campaign. It s so unique that he s self-funded it into being broke. His FEC filings, through May 31 of this year, reveal an awful lot more than that, though. The campaign has paid millions to his own businesses and property, including his ridiculously luxurious plane, and Mar-a-Lago, his personal estate in Florida.Derek Willis, a journalist at ProPublica, tweeted out a spreadsheet that ProPublica put together of all campaign disbursements to things with  Trump  in the name. In total, the campaign has paid nearly $1.4 million to Trump s own businesses since he launched it last year:Recipients of payments from Trump campaign with  Trump  in name, through May 31. Doesn t include Mar-a-Lago/planes. pic.twitter.com/JF6skaWYGF  Derek Willis (@derekwillis) June 21, 2016At first, that doesn t sound like a lot. Maybe Trump is actually reining himself in? That s less than five percent of his total campaign expenditures. But this is King Donald, and that s not nearly everything. The campaign has also spent $423,371 for the use of Mar-a-Lago, which is a personal residence, and roughly $5 million to Tag Air, Inc. the company that operates his private Boeing 757 with the solid gold seatbelt buckles for the use of his plane.That brings the total up to roughly $6.8 million that Trump s campaign has paid to him for one thing or another, and that s more than 10 percent of the $63 million that his campaign has spent since he formally entered the race last year.How does he get away with that? Is it even legal?Back in January, the Miami Herald ran a piece on these same expenditures. At that time, Trump had paid nearly one out of every three campaign dollars to something he owned. This is actually legal in fact, federal election law requires campaigns to pay fair market for goods and services rendered, even if they come from a candidate s own businesses but the sheer amount that Trump has managed to send to himself through loopholes in campaign finance law, is very unusual.In short, he knew that election law requires his campaign to pay for everything, otherwise it counts as an undocumented campaign contribution. So, he probably figured, why not use his own businesses as much as possible? Then he can funnel money to himself, and there s nothing anybody can do about it because it s perfectly legal.It s also more than a little suspicious, because, as the headline of the Miami Herald s story notes, Trump has  perfected the art of the campaign expense,  in such a way that he personally profits, even if he ultimately isn t elected.But wait! If it s not illegal, why is it suspicious? Quite simply, if you want to know how a presidential candidate is going to run the country, look at how they run their campaign. Trump won t just run the country like a business; he ll very likely find ways to use the Office of the President to line his own pockets while he holds that position.In the end, Trump only cares about Trump, and his campaign finance records prove it better than anything else he s done.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5795," BOMBSHELL: Trump’s Presidential Campaign Is Nearly BROKE, It’s Going To Be A Bloodbath","When Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign he bragged that because was worth  $10 billion  he would not have to concern himself with raising money and could self-finance his campaign. Thanks to his weak competition in the Republican primary, Trump did not have to spend much to get an advantage over rival campaigns and Super PACs, but in the general election it is unlikely that Trump can get by simply based on tweets and bombast as he did with Bush, Cruz, and Rubio.On Monday night Trump filed his finance report with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) and the failure of his campaign to bring in money is nothing less than amazing.In May of 2016, Trump only raised $3.1 million from contributors and loaned his campaign an additional $2.2 million. At the end of the month the campaign only had a shocking $1.3 million dollars in cash on hand.As journalists quickly pointed out, Trump s fundraising more likely resembled a House member with  a semi-competitive seat  or  a safe Senate seat in a deep red state.  The numbers are definitely not the sort of figures associated with a national presidential campaign.The results look even worse compared to Hillary Clinton. At the end of May, her campaign had $42 million on hand, an amazing disparity of $40 million between the two campaigns.And while donors have said they are still unable to determine which Super PAC to donate to in order to support Trump, the Super PAC backing Clinton, Priorities USA, had its biggest month ever with $12 million in donations.Even compared to fellow Republicans, Trump s numbers are pathetic. In May of 2012, Mitt Romney s presidential campaign and the Republican Party raised $78 million dollars. The current GOP only raised $12 million this May.Defunct campaigns like Ben Carson s currently have $7.4 million on hand, more than Trump s active campaign.There are also some weird expenditures from the Trump campaign found in the FEC reports. He appears to be redirecting some money back towards himself.His campaign paid $423,371 for the use of Trump s own house the Mar-A-Lago mansion and club in Florida.Even stranger, Trump seems to be drawing a salary from his campaign, a very unusual arrangement especially for someone claiming to be a  billionaire.  The filings find that Trump is regularly being paid $2,574 as part of  payroll  for the campaign.Featured image via Flickr",0
5796, #NeverTrump GOP Delegates: Party Brass Intimidating Us Into Supporting Trump (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is the Republican Party s presumptive presidential nominee for the 2016 election. However, there is a growing faction of the party that is not at all happy about this. Trump has been a public relations nightmare since the day he started running, and he is showing no signs of stopping that trend. Further, anyone with a brain can see that he is dangerously unqualified to hold the office of the presidency. However, that has not stopped major GOP players from lining up behind Trump like the spineless, party-before-country morons that they are. The #NeverTrump faction of the party sees this as the massive problem that it is, though, and they have decided to openly revolt in an effort to deny Trump the nomination at the GOP convention in Cleveland.This newly formed group of #NeverTrump delegates has rebranded themselves. They are now known as  Free the Delegates. The name comes from the idea that delegates bound to Donald Trump should be free to vote their conscience at the convention rather than being forced to vote for the presumptive nominee. They held a conference call Sunday night, with a reported more than 1,000 Republican delegates nationwide participating in the brainstorming efforts to stop Trump from formally taking their party s nomination.However, there is a problem. The party elite at the state and national level are not going to easily allow these country-before-party Republicans to rise up against Trump. Delegates from the #NeverTrump faction say that they are facing  intimidation  from party leaders who are insisting that they are all, as a party, obligated to support Trump. A delegate from North Carolina says that she and other N.C. delegates are very much under direct threat from our state with a $10,000 fine  if they refuse to vote for Trump. She also alleges that she was  threatened  via social media over her #NeverTrump position. The same delegate says that in Arizona, in order to participate in the convention, delegates actually have to sign a pledge that they will, unequivocally, vote pro-Trump.Despite the intimidation and threats, though, those on the nationwide Sunday night call say that they want those who are uneasy about Trump to  do the right thing, not the easy thing.  #NeverTrump Colorado delegate Regina Thompson said to those who support their cause: We want you to be proud to tell your children and grandchildren that the person we have nominated and are ready to elect as president is a moral person who will take seriously the oath of office. Will you be able to tell them that you were not afraid of public opinion or party leaders? Luckily, the #NeverTrump delegates already have an outside PAC, called Courageous Conservatives, that is going to be collecting funds to help with legal fees due to the inevitable blowback those looking to oust Trump will face. Spokesman Steve Lonegan says to the delegates that it will help to provide you support should you be threatened on the state level with some form of retribution. Kendal Unrah of Colorado is on the RNC Rules Committee and firmly #NeverTrump. She says of the planned ousting: It s just kind of an easy sell. And I don t think that there s going to be enough organized resistance on the other side to defeat it. Unruh does acknowledge how difficult it will be to get rid of Trump, but she is also optimistic: I m just very glad that we ve just all come together so quickly, because we have a monumental task to actually accomplish. But I will tell you the momentum that I have seen within the last week   it is just astonishing how fast this has come together,  she said. We re going to be hitting our peak right at convention time. Good luck, #NeverTrump delegates. You re the only remotely moral GOPers left in your party.Either way, this GOP civil war should be massively fun to watch for Democrats.Here is a video detailing the newly revived #NeverTrump effort, via NBC News:Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5797, BREAKING: The Senate Finally Voted On Gun Control,"Just a week after the horrific shooting in Orlando, Florida that killed 49 people in a gay nightclub, the Senate finally took up a vote on gun violence. Actually, this happens after every major mass shooting, and like with every major mass shooting, the NRA won.Four bills have gone down in a predictable and fiery death.The first bill was proposed by Republican Senator Chuck Grassley (Iowa) and Democrats voted against it because it didn t go far enough and because it could actually put more guns into the wrong people s hands.Democrats opposed the legislation because it does not expand the types of gun sales that require background checks, and they said some provisions could make it easier for mentally ill individuals to buy guns.Source: USA TodayOnly 53 Senators voted for the bill, and while that may have been enough in another time, today, nothing passes the Senate without a filibuster proof majority of 60 votes.The second bill to go down was proposed by Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-California). It would have allowed the Justice Department to stop people who are on the terrorist watch list from purchasing guns. This one is also backed by President Obama.Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., called the Republican measures  political stunts  and said they are  meaningless in doing something to stop gun violence. These are amendments to divert attention from real legislation,  Reid said.  Why? So Republicans (can) say  Hey, look, we tried,  and all the time their cheerleaders, their bosses at the NRA, are cheering. The third bill, which also went down in a blaze of glory, is an amendment by Senator Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut), who wants to close the  gun show loophole  and require everyone who wants to buy a gun to go through a background check.The fourth bill was written by Senator John Cornyn (R-Texas) and would give a three day waiting period for people who have been investigated for terrorism within the last five years. Of course, with no funding for background checks, nothing could go wrong, right?This is a dance the Senate that happens after every mass shooting, and the result is always the same gridlock. All the bills were defeated along party lines. This, despite the fact that the majority of their constituents want stricter gun control.Featured image via Getty Images. ",0
5798, Muslim Who Told FBI About Orlando Shooter Has Powerful Message For Trump,"After the Orlando Massacre we ve once again seen Republicans   led by Donald Trump   blame all Muslims for the action of one person or group of people. They insist, while not citing any actual evidence, that Muslims in America are not helping law enforcement to prevent terrorists in their midst, who are operating in their communities.It isn t true, and now someone is speaking out. Mohammed A. Malik actually flagged Orlando shooter Omar Mateen to the FBI, and after hearing Trump slander him and fellow Muslims, he s had enough.In an essay for the Washington Post, Malik told his story first hand:Donald Trump believes American Muslims are hiding something.  They know what s going on. They know that [Omar Mateen] was bad,  he said after the Orlando massacre.  They have to cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad.   But you know what? They didn t turn them in. And you know what? We had death and destruction. This is a common idea in the United States. It s also a lie. First, Muslims like me can t see into the hearts of other worshipers. (Do you know the hidden depths of everyone in your community?) Second, Trump is wrong that we don t speak up when we re able.Malik goes on to explain that after learning that Mateen had been watching videos put out by terrorist propagandist Anwar al-Awlaki,  I contacted the FBI again to let them know that Omar had been watching Awlaki s tapes. He hadn t committed any acts of violence and wasn t planning any, as far as I knew. And I thought he probably wouldn t, because he didn t fit the profile: He already had a second wife and a son. But it was something agents should keep their eyes on. Why did he do this?I had told the FBI about Omar because my community, and Muslims generally, have nothing to hide. I love this country, like most Muslims that I know. I don t agree with every government policy (I think there s too much money in politics, for instance), but I m proud to be an American.He concludes with a direct message for the Republican nominee for President of the United States:  Trump s assertions about our community   that we have the ability to help our country but have simply declined to do so   are tragic, ugly and wrong. Featured image via Flickr",0
5799," Trump Vows To ‘Get Better Deal’ For Us On Keystone XL, Promises To Break The Law To Do It","It seems that part of Donald Trump s plan to  make America great again  involves building the Keystone XL pipeline. The reason he thinks it will make us great again has nothing to do with the jobs it will, or won t, create, and has nothing to do with oil sales from Canada to the U.S., since Keystone XL will just deliver oil to the Gulf for export. Trump wants a direct piece of TransCanada s profits in return for allowing the pipeline to be built.That sounds great, doesn t it? We should be compensated for allowing TransCanada to transport oil across the entire width of the U.S., right? Plus, it d be an influx of cash. Trump even said: I want it built, but I want a piece of the profits  That s how we re going to make our country rich again. All right! Score one for the little guy!Or not. Under international law set forth by the World Trade Organization, governments must apply the same tax treatments to both domestic and foreign products. Trump s plan amounts to an extra tax on TransCanada that domestic drillers, particularly in North Dakota, would escape despite also using the pipeline. There are also problems with his plan usurping Congressional authority on taxes, which is why Congressional Republicans aren t happy about this.However, Trump sees the issue through the lens of his shady business acumen, and not through the realities of international relations and laws, so of course he thinks he can simply make a deal with TransCanada and with Canada itself. Plus, he knows TransCanada is willing to do almost anything to get that pipeline built, so he believes he d have them over a barrel (no pun intended) and could extract whatever concessions he wants from them, international law be damned.There s also the issue of hurting relations with Canada. He s already hurt our relationship with Mexico and would continue to do so as president   does he really think alienating the only two countries with which we share land borders is a good idea? Jeffrey Jones, a columnist for Globe and Mail, called this  kooky proposal  uncomfortably close to nationalization. Jones also said: In fact, why stop at oil pipelines? Mr. Trump could demand a fatter take from natural gas lines or even restaurants and retail stores. And Trump would, because that s how he s going to  make America great again.  In his mind, the world owes us a ton, and while many might agree, many of those same people don t agree with the tactics he plans to use to make them pay up, including ripping up existing trade agreements like NAFTA.This isn t the first time that Trump has said we  need a better deal,  on Keystone XL, but, last year, he said that he would approve the pipeline project as is immediately upon taking office. That s since changed, and as long as the U.S. gets the better deal, he doesn t really care about the law. It s a similar situation with what he wants to do with China   against international law, but a better deal for us and so he ll find a way to force it.President Obama has repeatedly blocked the construction of Keystone XL because we don t need another environmental disaster waiting to happen running the entire width of the country. In fact, Obama met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about it, and while Trudeau was disappointed that Obama would block Keystone, they both believe action on climate change will depend on both of them working together and making compromises.Trump, on the other hand, thinks climate change is a hoax for a whole host of illogical reasons, not the least of which is because it gets cold and snows in some places in the winter. His motive for wanting to build Keystone XL is purely profit-driven, like any good little corporate mogul s motives would be. At least Obama has solid reasons for opposing Keystone XL. Trump just wants money, money, and more money.The sad thing is that it s not likely that even his idea would  make our country rich again.  He s thinking about his own profit. Who knows where that money would go should King Trump actually get elected? Given his disregard for all sorts of laws, he d probably find a way to divert that money to his own coffers, at least until he was caught and hauled before an international court over the issue.Good ol  Trump. Looking out for  the little guy,  because that s clearly himself.Featured image by Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
5800, WATCH: Trump Supporter Calls For Right-Wing Gun Nuts To Come Shoot Black People At GOP Convention,"A racist Trump supporter who couldn t hack it as a police officer is calling for right-wing militia members, former police officers, and military veterans to grab their guns and come to Cleveland to shoot any black people they find protesting at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next month. I am encouraging patriots and Trump supporters and those that support liberty and freedom to come lawfully armed with lethal and non-lethal weaponry,  Jim Stachowiak declared in a video directed at  lone wolf patriots. Stachowiak was booted out of the police force for misconduct after only three years on the job, yet he thinks he is capable of patrolling the outside of the GOP convention as a pretend law enforcement official.After slandering the Black Lives Matter movement by claiming that the group has issued death threats aimed at Donald Trump, Stachowiak called for armed volunteers to join him at the convention to intimidate and even kill black protesters They have threatened to cause riots in Cleveland and nationwide,  he said.  It is our sworn duty and obligation for all those like me and many of you who have taken the oath to defend this country against all enemies foreign and domestic. Then he repeated Donald Trump s suggestion that President Obama is a terrorist sympathizer and urged  patriots  to use their Second Amendment against Black Lives Matter members, whom he also referred to as domestic terrorists. We should answer the call with our Second Amendment. Yes, I m encouraging patriots to come prepared to defend this nation against a domestic terrorist organization supported by the terrorist in the White House, Obama Come prepared, because this may spark another revolution. It won t be decided if that spark turns into a bonfire by we who love liberty, for we will defend, not attack. We won t act, but we will react. Here s the video via YouTube.Stachowiak is nothing more than a right-wing terrorist trying to organize another Bundy-style standoff that he hopes will turn into some kind of bloody revolution. Gun nuts like him are the reason why we need serious gun restrictions in this country. If anybody shouldn t be allowed to have a gun it s this guy. He is literally calling for gun violence against back protesters who show up to the GOP convention. Hopefully, the FBI has seen this video and are planning to take Stachowiak into custody before we end up with another mass shooting.Featured image via screenshot",0
5801, Four-Year-Old Dies After Finding Loaded Gun At Friend’s Home (VIDEO),"A four-year-old Iowa boy died as the result of a gunshot injury on June 18.According to KWWL, the boy and his mother were visiting a friend s home in Elgin at the time of the shooting. The two women had stepped outside, leaving the four-year-old and a second child inside the home to play.The unidentified preschooler found the loaded gun and reportedly shot himself in the face.Neither of the women had a cell phone to call 911. The boy s mother ran across the street for help.KWWL reports that several members of the local community rushed to the child s aid. A local business owner attempted to perform CPR, but the boy was not breathing.He was rushed by ambulance to Palmer Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead.According to police, the gun belonged to the owner of the home who was not present at the time of the child s death.So far this year 263 children under the age of 11 have died from a gunshot injury. Another 1,336 children between the ages of 12 and 17 have also been killed by guns. You can read their names and learn their stories here.No matter how many times we read about children who are injured or killed by improperly stored guns, careless and irresponsible gun owners still leave loaded weapons within easy reach of four-year-olds.If you ask republicans they ll tell you these are just  tragic accidents.  They ll say there s no one to blame and there s nothing that can be done to prevent it from happening over and over again.That s not the truth. According to Children s Defense Fund,  U.S. children and teens are 32 times more likely to die from a gun homicide and 10 times more likely to die from a gun suicide or a gun accident than all their peers in the other high-income countries combined. The statistics tell us that we re doing something wrong, while countries that have enacted sane gun laws, like many of those located in the UK, are doing something right.Protecting the most vulnerable members of society is right, no matter what the NRA or their republican lapdogs in Congress say.Here s more on this story from KWWL.KWWL   Eastern Iowa Breaking News, Weather, ClosingsFeatured image via wikimedia commons",0
5802, YOU’RE FIRED: Trump Dumps Corey Lewandowski As Campaign Manager,"The Donald Trump campaign is in trouble, and it s showing. In a very surprising move, Trump has cut ties with his notoriously angry campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Infamously, the campaign manager was once videotaped (and nearly charged) for assaulting a reporter at one of Trump s notoriously violent rallies. Now, he s out the door, and no one is quite sure why. The Trump campaign released the following cryptic statement regarding Lewandowski s exit: The Donald J. Trump Campaign for President, which has set a historic record in the Republican Primary having received almost 14 million votes, has today announced that Corey Lewandowski will no longer be working with the campaign. The campaign is grateful to Corey for his hard work and dedication and we wish him the best in the future. This move comes amid the fact that Trump s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has pumped more than $20 million into advertising in key general election battleground states, while Trump has not started advertising at all. Further, there is a renewed and growing effort among the #DumpTrump faction of GOP delegates who do not want Trump as their presidential nominee. The newly formed group, dubbed  Free the Delegates,  is aimed toward unbinding delegates who are bound to Trump and allowing them to vote their conscience instead.The thing is, the way Trump shook up the primary season with his outrageous remarks that fired up the ignorant, bigoted unwashed masses in the GOP s insane base simply isn t working in the general election. Lewandowski was definitely an issue, with his hot temper. That, along with Trump s own uncontrollable mouth simply could not continue.I suppose their recognizing these facts is good for the GOP and the Trump campaign, but it is likely too late. The general electorate has seen what Trump is selling, and nobody is buying it. He s a racist, sexist, xenophobic buffoon, and America does not want him as our next Commander-in-Chief. Hopefully, this signals a death knell for Trump s nutty campaign, and we can focus on moving the nation forward when we elect Hillary Clinton in November.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5803, AL Cop Goes Ballistic On Fellow Officer Over Records Dispute (VIDEO),"A Birmingham, Alabama police officer was arrested this week, after he allegedly pepper sprayed a fellow officer and threatened to put him in a body bag.According to WTVM, officer Shaun Deane became enraged last July, after an officer in another precinct had trouble locating records that he wanted to pick up.During an interview with WBRC, the unidentified victim described what happened next: This officer opens up his cannister, his holster for mace and pulls his mace out and puts it in my face. I look at him and I made a statement to him. Told him he s not gonna do anything and before I could even get my statement out he had already applied the spray to my face. The officer who was pepper sprayed by Deane went on to say that he was  blown away  by what happened. I couldn t even wrap my mind around what was really happening,  he said.  I could possibly be able to process the situation if it would have been a citizen, but this was a fellow officer. It took me to a place in my mind that I couldn t even process at that time. The incident has been the subject of an internal police investigation for the past year.On July 15, WBRC reported that Deane was arrested and charged with use of a noxious substance.According to Sgt. Bryan Shelton, Deane  has been taken out of service  while the case makes its way through the courts.Shelton didn t comment on whether Deane will be allowed to remain on the police force once the court proceedings are over.Deane has been on the police force for the past eight years. While there s no information at this time regarding past excessive force complaints, it s a good bet that any officer who pepper sprays another cop in the face should not be sent out on the streets with a badge and a gun.Here s more on this story from WTVM.WTVM.com-Columbus, GA News Weather & Sports Featured image via video screen capture via WTVM",0
5804," Obama Calls To Comfort A Murdered Lawmaker’s Husband, So Conservatives Call Him A N***** (SCREENSHOTS)","Picture this: Someone decides one of their leaders is a  traitor  over her support of staying in the European Union   shoots her with a homemade pistol he built with instructions he received from a far-right group and stabs her. During the attack, he shouts  Britain first    an ugly phrase that is very similar to Donald Trump s  America First  rhetoric. This was how British MP Jo Cox died at the hands of Tommy Mair (or  Death to Traitors,  as he prefers to be known in court).This was a horrific crime committed by the sort of person who would support Donald Trump in the United States (a white supremacist), and the murderer s fascination with everything the far Right has to offer hits very close to home for many of us after Robert Lewis Dear s horrific attack on a Planned Parenthood facility last year. Naturally, as Britain is our ally and as Ms. Cox worked on the Barack Obama s campaign in 2008 before she became MP for Batley and Spen, the President called her husband to offer his condolences. President Obama offered his sincere condolences on behalf of the American people to Mr. Cox and his two young children, as well as to her friends, colleagues and constituents,  the White House said in a statement. The President noted that the world is a better place because of her selfless service to others, and that there can be no justification for this heinous crime, which robbed a family, a community, and a nation of a dedicated wife, mother, and public servant. Most people would see the most powerful man in the world taking a few minutes of his time in the wake of a deadly far-Right terrorist attack we are dealing with at home as, at minimum, a nice gesture. Some would consider it downright benevolent. But after scrolling through the comments on their report on the topic, none of those people read Fox News.The comment section quickly erupted with a slew of racist statements, with some calling the President a  chimp  and others opting for  monkey  or  n****r.  Some snarkily remarked that Britain is a  gun-free zone,  completely ignoring that the gun was homemade with the help of white supremacist literature. Others began demanding that Obama call the families of quite literally anyone else who has ever died, ever   police officers, the families of various far-Right icons, Snoopy, who knows? Mothers debated whether he is simply  black trash  or  half black trash.  All in all, it s a complete mess in there:       Obama did not have to make that phone call   but that s the sort of person he is. While he cannot reasonably be expected to call the families of every single person who dies, he is the kind of guy who will absolutely take time out of his overloaded schedule to offer comfort to the family of one of our allies  legislators after someone very Trump-like viciously murders her for no better reason than he s a racist   especially with  America First  being chanted at Trump rally after Trump rally.This horrific murder serves as a reminder that far-right extremists are not limited simply to the United States (though they seem to be more vocal and unashamed of their racist opinions here than in other places). It is absolutely baffling that they are unwilling to allow the President to do so much as make a phone call without going full-blown, insane racist on him.All of these people will be voting in November. Make sure you head to the polls and VOTE BLUE   After all, they ll be voting for someone whose rhetoric is very close to that of Cox s murderer.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (pool)",0
5805, White Students Accused Of Dragging Black Classmate By A Rope Around Her Neck (VIDEO),"The parents of a 6th grade student at Live Oak Classical School, located in Waco, Texas, are outraged over school officials  failure to take action against a group of alleged white student bullies.The 12-year-old victim, who is referred to in media reports as KP, says that a group of three white boys have repeatedly injured and accosted her at the school, where she is one of only a handful of Black students.According to Vibe the boys have approached KP in the hallway, shoving her and kicking her. Her parents sent an email to the school in November, asking officials to address the situation.School officials responded by saying that they spoke with the boys and had determined that the kicking incident was meant as  a joke. In April, students of the school were taken on a field trip to a nearby ranch. According to the girl, she was standing next to a rope swing when the same group of white boys grabbed the rope, wrapped it around her neck and then threw her violently to the ground.Images of the girl s neck show rope burns that are consistent with her story.This time school officials claim that KP s injuries were the result of an  accident,  not intentional racist bullying.If that s not enough, they are now insinuating that the 12-year-old and her family are trying to milk the school for money.After school officials refused to address the behavior of the student bullies, KP s parents contacted an attorney. The attorney then contacted the school. School officials provided the media with a copy of an email stating that the family would be willing to settle for $2.7 million.After repeated attempts to get the school to deal with the students responsible for their daughter s injuries, the girl s parents decided to hit them where it hurts. Good for them.As Vibe reports here, KP s parents decided to send their daughter to the expensive private school in Waco, Texas, so she could receive  a better education,  in what they assumed would be a  wholesome learning environment.  According to its website, the school claims to have a  Christian worldview. Live Oak Classical School has a student body that is 87 percent white and just two percent Black. It s located in Waco, Texas, an area of the country that has a long and ugly history of racism.The willingness of school officials to downplay and dismiss allegations of racist bullying speaks for itself. A Black student had a rope wrapped around her throat. Something like that doesn t  accidentally  happen in a place like Waco, Texas.Here s more on the story from KWES.KWES NewsWest 9 / Midland, Odessa, Big Spring, TX: newswest9.com |Featured image via video screen capture KWES",0
5806," Video Shows Cop Slamming Man’s Head To Pavement, Breaking His Neck","Newly released body camera footage shows a La Junta, Colorado police officer violently slamming a man s head to the pavement with enough force to break his neck. The officer s actions left the man, who was never charged with any crime, paralyzed from the chest down.According to Donovan Duran s family the young MMA fighter was experiencing a mental health crisis at the time of the encounter with police, which took place in December of 2015.Over the course of several days Duran s family called police to help them cope with what they describe as unusual behavior.The Denver Post reports that Duran was drinking excessively and experiencing bouts of paranoia in the days prior to his injury.On two prior occasions police had taken the man to a local hospital. On both occasions he was released without treatment.According to police, authorities were not able to hold him in custody because he had not broken any laws.The latter half of the body cam video shows officer Vince Fraker speaking with Duran before his arrest. Although it appears that some of the footage has been edited, none of the footage published by the Denver Post shows the man being combative or threatening the police.The first portion of the video shows the moment that Fraker slams Duran s head to the pavement. It s clear that he is severely injured and no longer able to stand or walk.The video shows Fraker and another officer dealing with Duran s injuries in a shockingly callous manner, dragging him across the hospital parking lot and tossing his limp body around without any concern whatsoever for his well-being.Watch the video below, courtesy of the Denver Post.More than six months later Duran still remains in the hospital. In spite of the brutal treatment he received from police, he was never charged with any crime.According to the Denver Post:A grand jury in April found there were no fileable charges against Fraker or another officer involved in the encounter.The grand jurors wrote in a report that while Fraker was responsible for Duran s injuries   a fractured neck that left him paralyzed from his nipples down   when he rolled him out of a La Junta police SUV, it  cannot be the basis of any criminal charges. Duran s attorneys have filed a federal lawsuit, stating: La Junta Police Department training of officers does not include proper training in responding to calls involving persons in crisis or with obvious mental health problems, including use of force policies and de-escalation strategies. The suit goes on to say: Fraker s use of excessive force as described above herein was outrageous and shocking to the conscience, in violation of Duran s substantive due process rights. A spokesperson for the La Junta Police Department states that an internal investigation into the incident is still underway.Image credit: video screen capture via Denver Post",0
5807," WATCH: Texas Pastor Cheers Orlando Mass Shooting, Prays God Will Finish Off Those In ICU","Another conservative  Christian  pastor is praising the killing of 49 people who were shot at an Orlando gay nightclub last weekend.In response to Sacramento Pastor Roger Jimenez lamenting that the Orlando shooter didn t kill every last person in the club that night and calling for the government to line every gay person in America against a wall and execute them via firing squad, Fort Worth Pastor Donnie Romero of the Stedfast Baptist Church applauded the hateful sermon and added his sickening two cents.Romero claimed that all gay people are pedophiles even though that s a complete and utter lie, and he asked God to  finish the job  and kill any of the wounded victims who are still in the hospital. These 50 Sodomites were all perverts and pedophiles and they are the scum of the earth and the earth is a little bit better place now, and I ll even take it a little further I heard on the news today that there are still several dozen of these q****s in ICU and I will pray that God will finish the job that that man started, that he will end their lives and by tomorrow morning they will all be burning in hell so that they don t get any more opportunities to go out and hurt little children. Here s the video of the full sermon via YouTube if you can stomach it. The remarks above are at the beginning of the video.Romero was also echoing Arizona pastor Steven Anderson, who also had no sympathy or compassion for his fellow human beings and also called for all gays people to be executed.In an interview with Fox 4 about his hateful remarks, Romero showed no regret whatsoever. The Bible teaches they are predators, and I believe that every Sodomite is a pedophile and is a predator,  Romero said.But Fox 4 also consulted a Bible scholar, who made it clear that Romero knows nothing about the book or Christianity. No Christian who has any formal understanding of the interaction between the Old and the New Testament would say such a thing,  said theologian Steve Kellmeyer,  He s just one more in a long list of people who don t get what it means to be Christian. It s disgusting how so-called  men of God  have been reacting to this tragedy all week long since it happened. The way they are cheering this loss of life makes them no better than ISIS, whose leaders we all know must be praising this attack just as fervently. These people who dare to call themselves  Christians  have thrown in with the terrorists against American citizens and that should not go unpunished. Each of these  churches should lose their tax exemptions and be shut down for inciting hate crimes against the LGBT community.And if conservatives are still wondering why more people are rejecting religion today, they should look no further than these fundamentalist pastors they have allowed to lace Christianity with hate and violence.Featured image via screen capture",0
5808, Teacher’s Resignation Letter A Heartbreaking Reminder Of What We’re Doing To Kids,"Wendy Bradshaw became a teacher because she wanted to help children learn and prepare them to succeed in life. Sadly, however, Bradshaw s Master Degree, with a focus on childhood behavioral disorders, could not have prepared her for the reality of today s classrooms.After being forced to make her students cry every day in class, Bradshaw resigned from Polk County schools last October.Her resignation letter goes straight to the heart of the problem with America s schools.She writes:The children don t only cry. Some misbehave so that they will be the  bad kid  not the  stupid kid , or because their little bodies just can t sit quietly anymore, or because they don t know the social rules of school and there is no time to teach them.The teacher s background in childhood behavior disorders helped her understand that these weren t  problem children . They were just normal children trapped inside a problematic system. While they may not have arrived at school with behavioral disorders, they were likely to leave with them.Bradshaw s letter goes on to explain:I can say with confidence that it is not the children who are disordered. The disorder is in the system which requires them to attempt curriculum and demonstrate behaviors far beyond what is appropriate for their age.This is what happens when lawmakers, not teachers and parents, get together to decide what s best for children whom they will never spend a single day with.It s also what happens when the power to educate is taken out of the hands of educators.Bradshaw writes:The disorder is in the system which bars teachers from differentiating instruction meaningfully, which threatens disciplinary action if they decide their students need a five minute break from a difficult concept, or to extend a lesson which is exceptionally engaging.She adds that:The disorder is in a system which has decided that students and teachers must be regimented to the minute and punished if they deviate. The disorder is in the system which values the scores on wildly inappropriate assessments more than teaching students in a meaningful and research based manner.All across the US, teachers and students are being subjected to this kind of strict regimine, which many, like Bradshaw, believe is doing more harm than good.Rather than improving student performance, student test scores are declining.As the Washington Post reported here in November:Fourth-graders and eighth-graders across the United States lost ground on national mathematics tests this year, the first declines in scores since the federal government began administering the exams in 1990.Reading performance also was sobering: Eighth-grade scores dropped, according to results released Wednesday, while fourth-grade performance was stagnant compared with 2013, the last time students took the test.Testing of students in 2013 also showed a decline from previous years.While some might be willing to support high-stakes testing if there were evidence that teaching to the tests was improving student performance, the opposite is true.Under No Child Left Behind, which ties teacher pay and school funding to student test results, kids and teachers are subjected to an enormous amount of pressure. The consequences of this failed experiment stretch beyond the academic, as Bradshaw s letter illustrates.All across the country, educators report  rising numbers of children struggling to manage their emotions in an academic environment.  The problems are most pronounced among the youngest students, teachers say.As Oregon Live reports here, in recent years  more students are coming to school unprepared or unsettled, which can lead to tantrums, running from the classroom, despondent behavior or physical aggression. As Bradshaw points out in her resignation letter, it is not the children who are disordered. It s the system.Photo by Bill O Leary/The Washington Post via Getty Images ",0
5809, PA Archbishop Accused Of Using Mafia-Like Tactics Against Lawmaker,"Philadelphia s archbishop Charles Caput is accused of using mafia-like tactics against a state lawmaker who stands in support of child victims of sexual abuse.In an email to Pennsylvania state representative Jamie Santora, the archbishop accused the elected official of  betraying the church.  The email went on to say that Santora would suffer  consequences  for supporting legislation designed to provide victims of child sexual abuse with the justice they deserve.The bill which provoked the vicious message from Caput would extend the amount of time that child sexual assault victims have to bring claims against their abusers.Under the state s current law a victim of sexual assault only has until his or her 30th birthday to file a claim against the abuser. The legislation, which passed the state s lower house in April, would extend the deadline until the victim s 50th birthday.According to The Intellectualist, Caput is heading up a lobbying effort against the bill.The email provoked the wrath of state lawmakers on both sides of political aisle.Republican state legislator Mike Vereb, who is also a Catholic, accused the archbishop of using  mafia-like tactics  against lawmakers, saying: This mob boss approach of having legislators called out, he really went right up to the line. He is going down a road that is frankly dangerous for the status of the church in terms of it being a non-profit. The Catholic church has no business engaging in any type of lobbying activity. In order to maintain its tax-exempt status, a church is strictly prohibited from engaging in political activity.The letter that Caput sent out is a prime example of the kind of religious bullying the Establishment Clause was put in place to prevent.Given the Catholic Church s history of child sexual abuse, Caput s email accusing Santora of  betraying the church  would indicate that the church is aware that many more victims exist.It seems clear that the church would prefer those victims never receive the justice they deserve.Image credit via Michal on Flickr",0
5810, Trump’s Superstar Attorney For Trump U. Case Is A HUGE Hillary Clinton Backer,"Donald Trump is stuck in a court battle over his failed Trump University scheme, and because he will do anything to win, he has, of course, gone out and gotten the best attorney money can buy for this. To that end, he hired Daniel Petrocelli, who has represented everyone from Enron s Jeffrey Skilling, to major companies like Warner Bros. and Disney. Petrocelli is also the lawyer who represented the Goldman family in their successful wrongful death suit against O.J. Simpson.So Trump has a skilled, powerful attorney, and in other news, fire is hot. However, Petrocelli is both a strange and notable pick for The Donald. Why? His political donation history shows that he s not anything like a Trump supporter, or even Republican. In fact, he s a registered Democrat, and he s already maxed out the amount he can personally donate to none other than Hillary Clinton.While Trump rails against the law firm representing the plaintiffs in this case he claims they ve given hundreds of thousands of dollars to Hillary s campaign he s ignoring the fact that his own lead attorney has those kinds of ties to Hillary, too. If the plaintiffs  attorneys are out to get him because they re Hillary supporters, then it follows that he should worry that his own lead attorney can t be trusted to represent him skillfully and fairly for that very same reason.For instance, Petrocelli has been very quiet while Trump rails about everyone being biased against him, especially in this court case. He also directly contradicted Trump s racist whining that Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the Trump U. case, can t be fair to Trump because of his  Mexican heritage. The judge is doing his job,  said Daniel Petrocelli, shaking his head, when asked if planned to seek Curiel s recusal. We re not seeking to recuse the judge.' This doesn t worry King Donald? How many brain cells does he have rattling around in his head?Of course, Trump himself has come under fire from Republicans for his past support of Democrats. However, Petrocelli s support isn t exactly in the past. Records show that his most recent donations to Hillary were in January of this year.He also has a long history of giving financial support to other Democrats, too, such as Dianne Feinstein and even Al Gore. He might be able to separate his political leanings from his work, but this is a very high profile case involving a presidential candidate, and the fact that he s a major supporter of his client s opponent won t help Trump s falling poll numbers, or his terrible image among conservatives.This actually speaks more to Trump s intelligence and foresight   or lack thereof   than it does anything about Petrocelli himself. He s completely undermined his own  everyone is against me  argument, and proven that he s nothing but a dimwitted, walking contradiction who looks for sparkle and jazz. Yes, he hired Petrocelli for his skill in the courtroom, but he s so paranoid and distrustful that this makes no sense. Chances are, a lot of his other picks for a lot of other positions will make no sense either.Featured image by Dave Einsel/Getty Images",0
5811," Fox Host: Anderson Cooper Is Gay, So He Can’t Be Unbiased About Orlando Shooting (VIDEO)","There is an attitude among those on the right that if you aren t a straight white male, you come armed with a political agenda that keeps you from doing your job. Even Anderson Cooper, who is one of the nation s most respected journalists, and who happens to be gay, had his credibility called into question, at least when he s covering stories that happen to be about gay people.That was the accusation by Fox News  Howard Kurtz, who said that Cooper couldn t have been fair to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, when he asked her about her civil rights record when it comes to LGBT issues. I respect Anderson Cooper and I think he s generally fair,  Kurtz told Fox News contributor Guy Benson.  Do you think he was acting as more than just an aggressive journalist? He seemed like an activist,  Benson agreed.  Of course, I only watch Fox all the time. But I ve heard that he s very good at his job, he s a versatile journalist [but] in this circumstance, I thought the line of questioning for the attorney general of Florida, under the circumstance and given the context of what had just happened in that state, it was a bizarre non sequitur. It seemed like he was browbeating her for unrelated political thought crimes in her past,  Benson added,  which did not relate to the to the task at hand, which is roundly condemning the horrific atrocity that happened. Here s the video:This was the argument used by Donald Trump, when he said that a Latino   American judge just had to be biased against him, simply because the judge was Latino. Really, this is the argument used against anyone who isn t a penis carrying member of the white race. Women can t talk about birth control or abortion; we re too biased. People of color can t talk about issues facing them and gay people can t talk about the time a freak walked into a gay bar and murdered 50 people. Oh, and g-d forbid people, other than rich, white men, decide to speak for themselves.Fox News and Kurtz, of course, are the poster children for media bias. The entire network is built around it. Kurtz once defended Trump against his kicking Univision s Jorge Ramos out of a press conference, saying Ramos  seemed like a heckler.  Ramos, though, like Cooper, was just doing his job. If skin color or sexual orientation means that one must be biased, perhaps it s time to look at the biases of rich, straight white men.Kurtz was fine with Christians covering the attack on a Christian church in South Carolina, though.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5812, Carl Bernstein: Donald Trump Is A Fascist Strongman And A Pathological Liar (VIDEO),"Carl Bernstein, the legendary journalist who is most famous for his original coverage of the Watergate scandal, had some strong words for Donald Trump Sunday morning. Bernstein appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources to discuss Trumps campaign s media blackballing of several major news outlets.Trump has refused to give media passes to several major publishers from Politico to The Washington Post, where Bernstein worked for most of his career.The panel featured in the segment was made up of current editors from a few of the media organizations that Trump has put a wall up between them and his campaign. They wasted no time lamenting how hard it has been to deliver news coverage of Trump s campaign and expressed worry for the media under a Trump administration, given his blatant disregard for first amendment rights.It was Bernstein though who had the most critical things to say about Trump and his campaign. Really, this is about a candidate for president of the United States who does not believe in a free press, said Bernstein.  He keeps talking about changing libel laws and suing the press and has instituted many, many lawsuits throughout his career. The underlying story here is who is Donald Trump? And I will say, and have said, that we are seeing the nominee of a major political party for the first time in our history, who is a neofascist, a particular kind of neofascist   a strongman who doesn t believe in democratic institutions. Bernstein suggests that there is not enough reporting and analysis of Trump in the media that shows that accurately puts Trump into the context of elections historically. His bigotry is evident and we need to keep looking at it, but this is a story of a candidate who is a total break in our history and we need to be doing reporting on it, not just debating it on television. You can watch the panel discussion below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5813, WATCH: NRA VP Responds To Orlando Massacre Question With Unhinged Rant (VIDEO),"The NRA s Executive Vice President Wayne La Pierre appeared on CBS s Face the Nation Sunday morning where he and Face the Nation host John Dickerson sat down to discuss U.S. gun policy in the wake of the Orlando massacre. Well, that s at least what the topic of discussion appeared to be. The reality is that LaPierre decided to go on a lengthy rant that made him sound as if he is some mad man preaching about the end of days.Dickerson began the interview by questioning La Pierre about the fact that the gunman responsible for the massacre was able to legally purchase an assault rifle despite having been previously investigated by the FBI.  LaPierre decided to divert the question by talking about how the narrative that has emerged around gun regulations is nothing more than an attempt to divert attention away from fighting terrorism. You can t save the country with politics. It s all being politicized with a politically correct White House s nose and fingers in areas they don t belong, said La Pierre. We need to look right in the face of what these people are, they don t care about the law. I mean, these bad guys we re facing, they don t say,  Oh gosh, they passed a law. Oh gosh, I don t think I can do it.  It s like what we re doing with this debate on the hill right now, it s like they are trying to stop a freight train with a piece of Kleenex. The entire interview boils down to a fear-based advertisement for guns. Right down to La Pierre s statement that terrorists are  on the verge of overwhelming us.  So far, no evidence has emerged to suggest that Omar Mateen, the gunman in the Orlando shooting, was seriously working with any international terrorist organization. Evidence has been piling up that speaks to the contrary. Including Mateen s apparent lack of understanding of basic middle eastern politics, his history of violent outbursts, and his intolerance of LGBT people.What La Pierre and the rest of the NRA will never admit to is that Mateen was a homegrown terrorist and that their organization is politically and culturally influential in producing such terrorists. Or the fact that the gun manufacturers which they represent benefit from mass shootings.You can watch the interview below.Featured image from video screenshot ",0
5814, Watch Elizabeth Warren Clobber Trump And Scott Brown: ‘Celebrity Apprentice Meets Biggest Loser’,"Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren once again took aim at Donald Trump and took no prisoners as she hilariously mocked the possibility of a Trump ticket with her one-time rival Scott Brown as his running mate.Warren began her speech at the New Hampshire Democratic Convention on Saturday by apologizing to the state for beating Brown in her home state because she  never expected  him to become New Hampshire s problem. And from there, Warren proceeded to lampoon the idea of Brown as Trump s vice-presidential nominee. I hear that Donald Trump is floating Scott Brown as a possible running mate. And I thought,  Oh, so Donald Trump really does have a plan to help the unemployed.' The crowd erupted in laughter as Warren continued landing punches with more jokes. Scott Brown for vice-president makes a certain kind of sense. I mean that. I think of all the expert advice he can offer Donald Trump. Making up lies about me and my family. Saying weird stuff about his beautiful daughter. And let s face it, nobody knows more about losing to a girl than Scott Brown. Think of it as the perfect reality TV show: Celebrity Apprentice meets The Biggest Loser. Warren then set the jokes aside and took a more serious tone as she focused all of her fire on the Republican nominee. Every day we learn more about him, and every day it becomes clearer that he is just a small, insecure money-grubber who doesn t care about anyone or anything that doesn t have the Trump name splashed all over it. Every day it becomes clearer that he is a thin-skinned, racist, sexist bully. Every day it becomes clearer that he will never be president of the United States. Then she likened Trump s scam university to a used car dealership, but pointed out that the comparison isn t really  fair to used car dealerships. Here is a man who runs a business to profit off other people s pain,  she continued before slamming Trump for whining about the judge overseeing the lawsuit against him. Poor little Donald is shaking in his high-priced Italian loafers, begging the court to protect him,  she quipped.  Are you scared, Donald? You should be. Here s the full speech via YouTube:Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by Elizabeth Warren. And if he really is thinking about picking Scott Brown as his running mate he should probably think again since it s clear such a pairing would be lampooned in the same way for months leading up to the election in November. And that s not a good thing for the GOP. It would be a disaster. Just like it would be a disaster for this nation if Trump somehow wins the election.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5815, Hillary Clinton’s Real Record On LGBT Rights,"Hillary Clinton is a complicated woman running in a country that wants its political platforms to fit on a trucker s cap. As a candidate, she has taken a lot of heat from progressives for being late to coming around to marriage equality. She was, but it s not that simple. If you scratch just a little beneath the surface, you ll find a true champion of LGBT rights throughout the world.When it comes to Clinton s evolution on LGBT rights, there are a lot of legitimate complaints. First, her husband s legacy, although also not that simple, is the failed military policy of Don t Ask, Don t Tell. Bill Clinton didn t love the policy, but it was what he saw as the best compromise at the time.Of course, that wasn t Hillary s policy. In fact, in 1999, she said she was against Don t Ask, Don t Tell, so let s move on. The criticism that has the most teeth is that Hillary didn t come around to accepting marriage equality until just three years ago, but that was only one step in a long history of support.One accomplishment that has received scant attention is that she ushered gay rights onto the international stage. It is fair to say that without Clinton s efforts, the global struggle for equality for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people would not have proceeded as fast as it has in the past several years, nor would the United States be seen today as a global leader in that struggle. At the heart of these efforts was the 2011 United Nations Human Rights Council Resolution on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, otherwise known as the UNHRC Gay Rights Resolution, an international agreement whose drafting and signing Clinton oversaw. With that document, and a sister UNHRC resolution of 2014 condemning anti-LGBT violence and discrimination, the UN has formally recognized gay rights as part of the international human rights regime.Clinton s gay rights crusade began within the State Department, which she transformed into one of the most if not the most gay-friendly bureaucracies in Washington, both in terms of its policies and its administration. This signaled a radical makeover for the stodgy institution, which under Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice, Clinton s predecessors in the George W. Bush administration, had seen little drive for gay equality. Largely beholden to the Christian right and social conservatives, the Bush administration was hostile toward LGBT people and issues. As president, Bush endorsed an amendment to the federal constitution banning same-sex marriage, and his political managers used same-sex marriage as a wedge issue during his reelection campaign in 2004 with the intention of mobilizing so-called values voters in swing states like Ohio.Source: Foreign AffairsHer support of LGBT rights didn t stop in international waters. She extended family leave and other government benefits to families of same-sex couples who worked in the State Department.She fought discrimination in the State Department, despite a 1950s executive order by Dwight Eisenhower to fire all gay people, because homosexuality was considered a risk. Clinton instead recognized the Gays and Lesbians in Foreign Affairs Association (GLIFAA) for its  courageous actions in the face of historic discrimination.  She also ended the firings.Clinton even had gay pride celebrations at embassies and consulates throughout the world. Every May 17th, to celebrate International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, embassies hang rainbow flags. She also made a concerted effort to be inclusive in her hiring, by, among other things, appointing six openly gay ambassadors to serve on several continents.Here she is with her own words:Don t take my word, or hers, for it. She s been endorsed by nearly every LGBT organization.Featured image via Getty Images",0
5816, Fox Host: Don’t Ban Assault Weapons Because Terrorists Would Just Use Crock Pots (VIDEO),"Fox News host Tucker Carlson is so desperate to defend assault weapons that he accidentally made the case for why they should banned.During the Sunday morning edition of Fox amd Friends, Carlson argued that it s useless to ban assault weapons because terrorists will just go out and use crock pots to kill people instead. This is an attempt to control and disarm the population. And they re using terror as a pretext to do it. And they should just admit that,  Carlson said.The call to once again ban assault weapons has been strong ever since the mass shooting in Orlando that killed 50 people and wounded another 53. ISIS sympathizer Omar Mateen was able to buy his assault weapon because Republicans in Congress refuse to ban suspected terrorists from purchasing and owning guns.Even Fox News hosts Bill O Reilly and Gretchen Carlson have declared their support for banning assault weapons during their own programs on the conservative network.Anna Kooiman explained that supporters of an assault weapons ban reason that a person will do less damage if they are only able to carry a knife or something much less deadly than an AR-15, which is a weapon of war and not something that was designed for civilian use.But Carlson claimed that crock pots should also be banned because terrorists used them to kill people, too. Well, a crock pot caused those killings at the Boston Marathon. I think we need to regulate those or ban them. There s no reason you should be able to buy a crock pot at Walmart ever again. And that s not only wrong, it s a false equivalency.As Raw Story points out, the Boston Marathon bombers used a pressure cooker, not a crock pot, as their weapon of choice. And they were only able to kill THREE people with it. The Orlando shooter, on the other hand, used an assault weapon and ended the lives of 50 people. If Carlson really wants to compare a kitchen utensil to a gun, he should start looking for a better argument because if Mateen had been using a crock pot or a pressure cooker there would be more people alive today.Here s the video via YouTube.Featured image via screen capture",0
5817, Paul Ryan: The Republican Party Is More Important Than The United States (VIDEO),"On Sunday, House Speaker Paul Ryan stated that he feels he must support Donald Trump as the Republican Pary s presidential nominee, due to his position in Congress and the Party. During an interview on NBC s Meet the Press, Ryan told Chuck Todd,  I feel like I have certain responsibilities as not just Congressman Paul Ryan from the 1st District of Wisconsin, but as Speaker of the House. Ryan continued, saying: Imagine the Speaker of the House not supporting the duly elected nominee of our party, therefore creating a chasm in our party to split us in half, which basically helps deny us the White House and strong majorities in Congress. Ryan then went on to add a caveat to his duty-bound support for Trump. Now having said that, if something is done and said that I don t agree with, that I think puts a bad label on conservatism then I m going to speak out on it as I have, as I will continue to do. And I hope I don t have to keep doing it. Ryan is indirectly commenting on his recent condemnation of Trump s racist rhetoric.Todd then pointed out that Ryan is choosing his party over what is best for the U.S. You just made a case though of party over country. No, I didn t,  Ryan replied.  I know Hillary Clinton won t agree with anything we want to do. She ll put a bad judge on the Supreme Court, she won t agree with any of the conservative reforms we are trying to do. Ryan s statement was an appeal to putting party politics over the nation s interests. Ryan s  Trump is better than Clinton  talking point isn t going to cover that up. The majority of the GOP has decided to back Trump as their new elephant overlord, despite their division on his policy proposals. Ryan is no different, even though he is trying to posture himself as a voice of reason against Trump s rhetoric in the GOP. That isn t possible to do with any credibility.You can watch the interview below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5818, Reports Confirmed: Major Corporate Sponsor Just Ditched The RNC To Boycott Trump,"Donald Trump s presumptive nomination just cost the Republican Party a major sponsor at the Republican National Convention. Reports circulated over the weekend that Apple will be withholding technological and financial support for the RNC. Those rumors have now been confirmed.Politico first reported on Apple s boycott of the convention, saying that Apple has decided to pull out because of  Donald Trump s controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. Other major tech companies such as Facebook, Google, and Microsoft will still provide support at the convention. Microsoft says that they will not provide any financial support at the convention. In a statement, Erin Ergan said that Facebook does not endorse the GOP s platform and that their continued support is an effort to facilitate  an open dialogue among voters, candidates, and elected officials during the conventions.  Though Mark Zuckerberg did speak out, condemning Trump s proposals regarding banning Muslims from entering the United States. The GOP s stance on immigration is also out completely out of line with the Facebook CEO s.Apple is by far the largest tech company to boycott the convention, though they are not the first. After facing pressure from activist organizations, HP pulled their support from the convention. In addition to tech companies, The GOP is being hit hard by other major companies, like Coca-Cola who has decided to radically scale back the amount of support they will give to the RNC.Apple has traditionally supported both the RNC and the Democratic National Convention, this will be the first time in recent election years where they will only support the DNC. This is a bold move being played by Apple. Tech companies tend to lobby politicians in both major parties and rarely make a huge public splash politically. Apple s decision to leave the RNC is a major departure from that strategy.Featured image from Isaac Brekken/Getty Images",0
5819, How Democrats Are Making History With Ads CRUSHING Trump,"For months, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has claimed that his innovative use of social media and his vast personal fortune will allow him to dominate Hillary Clinton and the Democrats in the fall. But in reality, as the key fight in the battleground states that will likely determine the next president begins, Trump is getting destroyed by Secretary Clinton s campaign and allies.Democrats have $23 million worth of advertising on the air; Trump has NONE.Every single 2016 presidential TV ad currently airing in a battleground state is either from Hillary Clinton s campaign or the Democratic outside groups supporting her.The opposition, by contrast, hasn t spent a dime in these same battlegrounds   whether it s Donald Trump s campaign or Republican-leaning Super PACs.So far in June, Clinton and the outside groups backing her have spent a total of $23.3 million on ads in the battleground states of Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Nevada New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio and Virginia, according to ad-spending data from SMG Delta.By comparison in 2012, the advertising in battleground states at this point was 54%-46% in favor of President Obama against Mitt Romney. Even with that single digit edge, Obama went on to win every battleground state and secured a landslide in the electoral college for his second term.Despite having the same amount of time to plan for the election and a primary that wrapped up about a month before the Democrats were done, Republicans have still lagged behind. They don t have as many campaign staff on the ground in key swing states, as Trump often didn t set up staff there and has dismantled much of what he had.Trump has also had issues with raising money, as reports indicate he has been too lazy to make the critical calls to the financiers that finance party activities and advertising. Despite his claim to be a  billionaire,  there has been little sign that Trump is actually willing to put his own money where his mouth is and finance his presidential campaign.Behind the scenes reporting has shown Republican insiders worried about their inability to compete this fall, while major Republican donors like the Koch Brothers are reluctant about donating to a campaign that could lose in a major landslide.Featured image via YouTube",0
5820, NH Car Dealer Gives Away Free AR-15s With Car Purchases – Gun Nuts Sickeningly Rejoice,"Mike Hagan has a used car dealership and repair shop in Rochester, New Hampshire and is running a very odd and frankly irresponsible promotion. He s offering a free AR-15 to people who come buy a car from him, because  Murika.Hagan is a combat veteran who served in Afghanistan. He knows what these kinds of guns can do, and yet, according to WFTV 9, he s not worried about whether any of these guns might be used to murder people later on. Thus far, he s given away four of the weapons, along with a 9mm Beretta, which is an alternative for people who don t want an AR-15, and he thinks his promotion is a wild success.This kind of promotion is bad enough, and to refuse to end it following a horrific tragedy like Orlando is just plain insensitive and cruel. The gun nuts apparently don t see it that way, though. They ve taken to Facebook to celebrate Hagan s promotion, lest the  evil libruls  finally come to confiscate everyone s guns.              There has been some backlash, though, not just on social media, but also from a couple of people that NH1 TV spoke to. At least there are least still some sane people out there: To me that s just getting more of the nut jobs out there doing harm to more people that don t deserve it. My opinion, military and police are the only ones that should have them. Hagan has partnered with a local gun dealer to run his promotion, and customers have to go there to go through a background check and get the weapons. Apparently, that makes it all okay because it means he knows he can t give them out like they re candy.Besides that, he believes that the people who take advantage of this promotion will be fully responsible, because everyone knows that all the people who obtain their guns legally are very responsible gun owners   oh wait. Omar Mateen, and so many other mass shooters, bought their guns legally, not to mention all the idiots who have no clue what gun safety is, and end up accidentally shooting someone to death.Hagan claims he won t extend the offer to someone from whom he gets a bad feeling. So, what, he s telepathic and knows who has bad intentions? Horse hockey. This is still sick, it s still irresponsible, and it s still cruel and insensitive. It also demonstrates just how sick as a society we ve become where this kind of thing is seen as something to celebrate by so many.Featured image via screen capture from NH1-TV report",0
5821," ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Shoots Shop Owner During Concealed Carry Class – ‘Accidentally,’ Of Course (VIDEO)","Repeat after me: There are no gun  accidents. There. Are. No. Gun. Accidents. People all too often die unintentionally   like when  responsible  gun owners leave their weapons lying around and children find them   and while these situations are often called accidents, the true issue is negligence. Simply put, nothing would have happened in many, if not most  accidental  shootings if the gun wasn t present in the first place   or, at minimum, if the owners of the weapons actually cared about gun safety.The NRA regularly promotes the lie that all people who own firearms are  responsible     good guys with guns  who stand ready to leap into action at the first sign of danger (if they manage to help out without shooting the victim of a crime in the head, that is).Once again, one of the Saviors of Mankind  accidentally  discharged a firearm and took another human s life. On Saturday, a gun store owner in Amelia, Ohio was murdered (yes, murdered) when someone taking a concealed weapons class was negligent with his gun. An unnamed participant (whose identity, as is normal, is being protected) in a class at the KayJay Gun Shop   someone who already owned a gun and wanted to carry it around with him everywhere he or she goes was practicing weapon malfunction drills with a handgun that was, for some reason, loaded during a training exercise. The weapon fired and struck shop owner James Baker in the neck.Friends describe Baker, whose shop repairs and engraves firearms, has authorization to manufacture weapons, and is licensed to sell military-grade guns like the one that was used to slaughter fifty people in Orlando, Florida, as a  special  person who was  loved by the whole community. As always, the media and police are treating this as though it was an actual accident, like tripping while walking down the sidewalk. The reality is that this was no accident, and it is time that we stop treating it as such. This was murder. Sure, the person did not intend for it to happen   just like if someone is negligent while driving a car and runs someone over. In the latter case, at least the killer would be charged with a crime   something that rarely happens in  accidental  shootings.The investigation is still ongoing, but we can expect two things to happen: no charges will be filed (after all, it is already being called an  accident ), and Second Amendment advocates will flock to excuse this  accident  before forgetting about it entirely.Perhaps it s time that we end the madness. Maybe, just maybe, we need to reconsider if the Second Amendment should exist in the first place.Watch a report on this latest  accident  below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5822, John McCain’s Opponent Sees Donations Pour In After McCain Blamed Obama For Orlando,"This is why John McCain really regretted blaming President Obama for the Orlando mass shooting.On Thursday, McCain told reporters in a Senate hallway that President Obama is  directly responsible  for the mass shooting in Orlando that resulted in 50 people being killed and 53 people being wounded. Barack Obama is directly responsible for it, because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq, al-Qaeda went to Syria, became ISIS, and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama s failures,  McCain said.Reporters gave McCain a fair chance to walk his comments back but he only repeated his claim. He pulled everybody out of Iraq, and I predicted at the time that ISIS would go unchecked, and there would be attacks on the United States of America. It s a matter of record, so he is directly responsible. You can listen to McCain s remarks below:Not long after, McCain issued a statement claiming he  misspoke  even though he made his remarks twice. I misspoke,  McCain said. I did not mean to imply that the President was personally responsible. I was referring to President Obama s national security decisions, not the President himself. As I have said, President Obama s decision to completely withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq in 2011 led to the rise of ISIL. I and others have long warned that the failure of the President s policy to deny ISIL safe haven would allow the terrorist organization to inspire, plan, direct or conduct attacks on the United States and Europe as they have done in Paris, Brussels, San Bernardino and now Orlando. Of course, McCain is wrong about President Obama pulling the troops out of Iraq. That was a decision made by President Bush in 2008. President Obama merely honored the agreement signed by the former president.But McCain could be the former Senator from Arizona because of his inflammatory accusation against President Obama.As it turns out, donations have been pouring in for his opponent Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick to the tune of at least $100,000 alone since McCain made the remarks. McCain angered many people with his disrespectful comments about President Obama and so they are responding by supporters his challenger.In addition, a poll touted by Kirkpatrick s campaign in the wake of McCain s remarks shows him losing to her by two points.Kirkpatrick spokesman D.B. Mitchell slammed McCain for his remarks and urged people to help oust him from Congress. John McCain s reckless and appalling comments about the Orlando mass shooting disappointed thousands of Arizonans and people from across the nation,  said Kirkpatrick spokesman D.B. Mitchell.  But his actions are just further proof that after 33 years in Washington McCain has changed, and now Americans are witnessing that he s no longer a  maverick.  Arizonans know it s time for new principled leadership, and that s why Ann Kirkpatrick saw the largest one-day fundraising number of the campaign. We need a senator who will put our national security before partisan politics. We must do everything we can to elect Ann to the Senate and we are asking you to make a donation today. John McCain is currently facing one of the toughest re-election efforts for a Republican this year. Losing his race could very well tip the balance in the Senate and give the majority back to the Democratic Party.You can donate to Kirkpatrick s campaign here.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5823," ‘Self-Funding’ Trump Gets Desperate, Shamelessly Begs Donors For $100k In A Day","Ever since he began his run for President, Donald Trump and his  poorly educated  (his words, not mine) followers have boasted that the 2016 GOP nominee has  self-funded  and will continue to  self-fund  his campaign (though he has accepted donations the entire time, and has in actuality been loaning his campaign money). I don t think it is fair to say that a person is self-funding if a significant share of those contributions come from someone other than the candidate,  Rick Hasen, an expert in election and campaign finance law at the University of California Irvine, said of Trump s claims that he is self-funding his efforts.  Nor do I think a candidate who loans money to his campaign, but who expects to be paid back by the campaign, is fairly characterized as self-funding. While it may not have been fair before, new developments reveal it to be an outright lie, not that Trump supporters will care. On Saturday morning, the Trump campaign sent out an  emergency  email begging his vapid followers to give him a whopping $100,000 by the end of the day. Right now we re facing an emergency goal of $100,000 to help get our ads on the air. We need your contribution by 11:59 P.M. tonight,  the email reads.   Crooked Hillary is about to invade your TV with ads attacking Mr. Trump. But we re preparing to fight back. Trump is desperate. With his poll numbers in a free-fall, with a civil war brewing in the GOP, and with Trump finally facing the reality that he will lose in November if he makes it to November, the facade is falling away. All that is left is the truth   that Donald Trump is a conman whose worth as a candidate matches his worth as a human being. Both, of course, are severely lacking.Featured image via Getty Images/Branden Camp",0
5824, WATCH: Republican Army Colonel Hammers Gun Nut On Real Time With Bill Maher,"This is one of the most epic smack downs of a gun nut you ll ever see.During Real Time on Friday night, host Bill Maher was joined on his panel by guests Lawrence Wilkerson and Emily Miller to discuss the Orlando mass shooting and the role guns played. This tragedy was brought to you by guns and religion,  Maher said to kick off the discussion.Maher and conservative reporter Emily Miller agreed that only followers of Islam commit acts of terrorism, forgetting mass shootings that were perpetrated by white Christian males such as Dylann Roof, who killed nine black people at a church in Charleston. Or Timothy McVeigh, who committed the Oklahoma City Bombing in 1995. He grew up a Roman Catholic and took the Last Rites prior to his execution. And there are so many other examples that they could literally fill this article and more. And here s a list of violence against the LGBT community, some of which were committed by anti-gay Christians with guns.But it was Republican retired Army Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson who stole the show when he buried Miller and her gun nut views, much to Maher s amusement. We need some kind of control on the weapons in this country,  Wilkerson said.  We do not need large capacity magazines, semi-automatic weapons in the hands of anybody in this country, other than possibly law enforcement. Wilkerson admitted that he owns 14 guns at home because he inherited many them from relatives who passed away, but he only uses them for hunting and is very selective about who he sells a gun to if he wants to let one go.Miller immediately volunteered to buy some guns from Wilkerson and he quickly rejected her.  I wouldn t sell them to you,  he said.Wilkerson went on to hold Republicans responsible for the shooting to some degree because they have refused to pass a law banning people on the terrorism watch list from buying and owning guns.Miller then attempted to defend guns as a necessary tool for home defense but Wilkerson, who served in the Vietnam War, didn t buy that malarkey either, saying that he doesn t own guns to shoot people and pointing out that we have law enforcement to deal with home invasions. When Miller attempted to discuss law enforcement response time, Wilkerson shut her down. I m 71-years-old. I ve lived in this country for seventy-one years, except for the years I was deployed fighting for this country when I did need my guns, and nobody has ever entered my house and tried to kill me! After that, Miller was stunned into silence.Here s the video via YouTube.Featured image via screen capture",0
5825, Scott Baio: Orlando Massacre Proves Obama Is A Muslim Terrorist (VIDEO),"Scott Baio made an appearance on Fox Business where the actor and Donald Trump supporter insinuated that President Obama is a Muslim and a terrorist sympathizer. Baio said during the interview: I can t tell whether he is dumb, a Muslim, or a Muslim sympathizer   I don t think he is dumb. Chachi s  Muslim sympathizer  comment is particularly troubling. It seems that what he meant to say is that President Obama is a  terrorist sympathizer.  I m not entirely sure what a  Muslim sympathizer  is, though I have to admit I feel particularly sympathetic towards the 1.6 billion Muslims out there who are not violent terrorists but are still demonized by xenophobic right-wingers such as Baio. I don t know what the endgame is for liberals to continue these policies. . . Is it to totally eliminate the United States as it was created and founded and as it is now? It s hard to tell exactly what policies Baio is talking about. He mentions that Hillary Clinton wants to increase something by 500% so we can assume he is talking about immigration. Though that statistic is completely absurd. In fact, more immigrants have been deported under Obama than any other president in the history of the United States by far. These mass deportations are one of the major criticisms the left has had of the Obama administration. It is one part of Obama s legacy that very few people on the left would hope to see in his successor. However, this is a segment on Fox Business, so facts like that are not mentioned.Baio goes on to say that Democrats only get angry over guns and Republicans, yet do not get angry over terrorism. That is of course nonsense. The left is furious that the NRA has taken our nation hostage, making it possible for terrorists to purchase assault weapons in a matter of minutes, then use those weapons to massacre huge numbers of people. The left also is pretty furious that Muslims are demonized by the right and the media for acts of terror and hatred despite the fact that terrorism is routinely perpetrated by members of all religions.You can watch the segment below.Featured image from screenshot via YouTube",0
5826, Trump Posed With Pastor Who Said Gays Work For The Antichrist (IMAGE),"In the days following the massacre at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Donald Trump has tried to claim that he is a better ally to LGBT Americans than Hillary Clinton. Trump said: Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists into our country and who suppress women, gays and anyone else who doesn t share their views or values. But a few months ago, Trump posed for a photo alongside Robert Jeffress, a right-wing pastor who is notorious for being anti-LGBT. In the photo, tweeted by Trump, the two men stand next to each other with their thumbs up.Honored to pray for my friend, @realDonaldTrump, at tonight's Dallas rally. #TrumpDallas c: @DanScavino pic.twitter.com/BcgWuszPnu  Dr. Robert Jeffress (@robertjeffress) June 17, 2016Robert Jeffress, a pastor from Dallas known for his anti-LGBT sentiment, shared a photo in which he posed with Trump at the candidate s rally at Gilley s, the city s famous honky-tonk. Honored to pray for my friend, @realDonaldTrump, at tonight s Dallas rally,  Jeffress tweeted, along with a photo in which they both held their thumbs up. Trump retweeted the image on Friday.Jeffress has pushed rhetoric on gay people eerily similar to that espoused by extremist groups like ISIS.The First Baptist Church pastor in February 2015 was quoted as saying the gay rights movement  will pave the way for that future world dictator, the Antichrist, to persecute and martyr Christians without any repercussions whatsoever. Jeffress last month celebrated his state s leaders  decision to refuse to comply with President Barack Obama s directive to create more accessibility for transgender students in public schools, saying  it s time for an all-out rebellion against this absolute tyranny of the Obama administration. In reality, anti-LGBT rhetoric has been the norm within Republican politics. All the leading candidates for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination were connected to the anti-LGBT movement, most blatantly Senator Ted Cruz, but the practice spread to the entire party.While Democrats dragged their feet to become completely in favor of LGBT equality, the party is also the first to nominate a presidential candidate   President Obama   who supported same-sex marriage. By contrast, the notion of repealing the right to same-sex marriage is still popular within the Republican party.Featured image Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5827, Florida GOPer Wants LGBT Flag Removed Because She Spoke With One Christian Who Found It Offensive,"A rainbow flag raised to honor the LGBT victims in the worst mass shooting in American history is in danger of being removed from the Hillsborough County center in Tampa Bay, Florida, because a Republican official said she talked to a Christian (singular) who said the flag was  unbearable.  Priorities!The pride flag was raised just hours after Hillsborough s commissioners voted 5-1 to hang the flag for the remainder of the month both in acknowledgement of it being Pride Month and in honor of the victims of Orlando, many of whom were LGBT and whose killer was reportedly vehemently anti-gay.Rather than see this as a symbol of unity during the wake of a national tragedy, one Republican commissioner, Stacy White, decided to make this all about fake Christian oppression. Apparently, just seeing the rainbow colors has caused one of her constituents to feel like she can t even drive to work. In an email sent to her fellow commissioners, White complains about how the rainbow flag might be harming those with  strong Christian values. Warning: Her letter is bonkers.My office recently received an anonymous phone call from a county employee stating that, because of her strong Christian beliefs, it will be nearly unbearable for her pass the  pride  flag each morning as she enters the workplace. She clearly indicated that the display of that flag, for her, has created a hostile work environment.My question is, given the nature of this employee complaint, has the board s action taken this past Wednesday created any issues for the county from a Human Resources perspective? If the display of this flag exposes the county any liability whatsoever, I request that it be taken down on the basis that the board s action has violated the workplace rights of some of our employees.White closed her letter out by referring to the Pride Flag as a  divisive, politically-charged symbol  inappropriate for  our workplace. In a country that still routinely displays a flag used in the Civil War to rally around slavery on state property, you may need a microscope and a very steady hand to create a violin small enough to play for White s pity party here. It s also particularly astounding that Republicans can somehow take a hate crime perpetuated on (mostly) LGBT Latinos and somehow make it all about them.Ironically, in the days after the shooting, Republicans shamelessly attempted to leverage the raw emotions of the LGBT community to make the, frankly insulting, pitch that the gay community should vote for Republicans because they could keep them safe from Muslims. The LGBT community, having had decades of experience in picking up on when they are being pandered to, gave the GOP a resounding middle finger and instead demanded America solve a much more dangerous problem: Guns.Apparently, having realized gay people weren t taking the bait, Republicans have reverted back to bashing them instead. Now, just a week after the shooting, Commissioner Stacy White is unflinchingly accusing a symbol of their pride of being  unbearable  to Christians. In several other Republican-dominated counties across America, officials have also refused to honor President Obama s request to lower their flags to half-mast based on technicalities. An obnoxious form of grandstanding meant to signal to their most bigoted voters that they don t really like gay people, so please don t vote them out.Thankfully in Hillsborough at least the other commissioners seem to have an ounce of common decency. Faced with White s pitiable letter, they kindly told her to shove it.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5828, Bill Maher: Trump’s Orlando Massacre Response Shows America ‘What He Is – A Narcissist’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s response to the horrific massacre in Orlando   the worst in American history   was nothing short of disgraceful. Instead of expressing condolences, he instead congratulated himself on being right about Muslims and used the tragedy as an opportunity to double down on his bigoted plan to ban Muslims from the United States. HBO s host of Real Time, Bill Maher, wasted no time in ripping Trump a new one on that, and took it a step further and told his viewers what we all already know: Donald Trump is not just an offensive blowhard, he s also an amazing narcissist. Maher began with Trump s racist attacks on Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is  presiding over his Trump University case: The judge thing looked selfish. There is no constituency for Trump University except for Donald Trump. And then the first thing out of his mouth after Orlando was,  I was right.  He looks like what he is   a narcissist. One of Maher s panel members, Business Insider Senior Editor Josh Barro, pointed out that the American people have shown better sense than we realize  when it comes to Trump s ridiculously offensive Twitter brag regarding Orlando. He continued: It turns out Americans don t like blatantly racist attacks on the judiciary that also signal that a president might use his own power to support his businesses and defeat his political opponents through untoward things. And then the response to the shooting. I think there had been this idea that if there was terrorism that it would be good for Trump. Bill Maher went so far as to say that this week ended Trump s White House ambitions: I see it as, this was the week it ended. I don t think I m the only one, because most of the Republicans who were caught on camera this week basically said,  I don t want to talk about it. Of course they don t want to talk about it. What the hell can they say to what Trump gets up to at his rallies and on national television on an almost daily basis? Hell, the man even celebrated his 70th birthday this week by accusing the sitting president of treason. The Republicans who do speak out are the brave ones, such as the former Bush adviser who called him out for what he is   ignorant   after those remarks that suggest that President Obama was a terrorist sympathizer.Hopefully, Maher is right, and this particularly horrible week in Trump Land has effectively squashed any chance he has at ruining America as President Trump.Watch the clip below, via Raw Story:https://youtu.be/nS3Uv8OVC3IFeatured image via video screen capture",0
5829," Gary Johnson To Paul Ryan: Trump Endorsement A ‘Mistake,’ Man Up And Admit It (VIDEO)","We all know by now that House Speaker Paul Ryan is a spineless weasel. He is clearly uncomfortable with the idea of a President Trump, and yet he endorsed the great orange one anyway, and no matter how outrageously offensive Trump becomes, no matter how many times Ryan has to distance himself from Trump s remarks, he still says he s a Donald Trump supporter. Well, Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson is now calling Ryan out for making such a grave mistake, and wants him to un-endorse Donald Trump.Johnson sat down with CNN to express his views on Ryan s Trump endorsement, and he had nothing good to say about where the House Speaker is right now. Johnson said: I think Paul Ryan has an opportunity here to say,  Look, I made a mistake.  I m not saying that results in an endorsement of me, but come on, the statements that he s making  he s made 100 statements that would disqualify any other presidential candidate from running and yet all you have to do is turn the page and tomorrow it will be 102. Host Erin Burneet pointed out that 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney had once floated the idea of supporting a Libertarian ticket, but had reservations about Johnson s policies, particularly his support of legal marijuana nationwide. Romney said that weed  makes people stupid.  Johnson disagreed, and admitted to taking a toke or two himself, and said: I do not agree with that. As someone who has used marijuana, I do not agree with that. What Gary Johnson doesn t seem to understand, though, is that Paul Ryan is not Mitt Romney. Paul Ryan is a dyed in the wool, loyal die hard GOPer till death do him and that wreck of a party part   even if it means propping Trump up and letting him burn the world down.Give it up, Gary. As much as I agree with you, I think you need to realize that Paul Ryan will never, ever disavow his annointed nominee.Watch the clip below, via The Hill:Featured image via William B. Plowman/NBC/NBC NewsWire via Getty Images",0
5830," This Man Reveals The Raw, Terrifying Truth About What REALLY Goes On At Trump Rallies (TWEETS)","When Jared Yates Sexton, a professor of creative writing at Georgia Southern University, decided to attend a Trump rally in North Carolina, he probably wasn t expecting a drunken free-for-all more appropriate to an out-of-control frat party than a presidential rally. Yet, that s what he saw, and he live-tweeted the entire event, giving the world a chilling look at what Trump supporters are really like when they think they re just among  friends. Upon trying to get in, Sexton saw how security treated people:Trump event like a security state. Just watched a girl get denied for being  too alternative.  Jared Sexton Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016Sexton himself also got told something strange: Just got told I don t  look right.  Jared Sexton Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016But these two tweets just barely scratch the surface. After Trump took the stage, people shouting the word  Bitch!  was common whenever Hillary Clinton s name came up. Homophobic hate speech ran rampant as Trump spoke about the Orlando massacre. A protester cowered in fear after another was escorted out, with the crowd chanting  Hurt him, hurt him,  even as King Donald told security not to hurt him.Lots of people yelling bitch at Clinton s mention  Jared Sexton Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016 Crowd member just shouted  gays had it coming  Jared Sexton Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016Trump says not to hurt protestor, several chant HURT HIM HURT HIM  Jared Sexton Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016 There s a protestor next to me and he s scared to death  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) June 14, 2016If you thought Trump himself was scary, he s nothing compared to his fans. Sexton s full account of that night included horrors such as this: The gays had it coming [in Orlando]!  a man shouted and gazed back at the guy who d called Hillary a bitch. They met eyes, shared a smile, a look of recognition.As if it were some kind of joke.As if 49 of his fellow Americans 49 living, breathing human beings hadn t just been mowed down. Elsewhere, a father was telling his son all about Bill Clinton s presidency: I walked behind a father explaining the shirt to his ten-year-old son by saying the former secretary of the state, the first female presidential nominee of a major political party, had  let her husband have all kinds of oral sex in the White House.' Awhile back, Trump said that Hillary had enabled her husband s adultery while he was president, as if that somehow makes her both less of a woman, and unqualified to be president. Trump doesn t go after anyone s policy positions the way a presidential candidate should. He attacks his opponents personally, like the schoolyard bully he is, and his fans are doing the same.That a father thinks it s okay teach his 10-year old how to be the same childish bully as Trump is just sick.But the worst is yet to come. Trump rallies are full of drunken, brawling racists who say things like: You can t trust Latinos. Some maybe, but not most. Immigrants aren t people, honey. You know them crazy black girls, how they are. Sexton s Twitter feed is full of sarcastic humor, but what he live-tweeted from that rally in Greensboro, NC, was devoid of his sharp wit. And it s no wonder, because he also wrote this in his recount of the event (if it can even be called an  event ): Sickened, I got in my car and watched in the rearview as a group of college boys tailgated out of their pickup  That s when I realized what had been there all along. This campaign, whose success has long been attributed to the forgotten working and middle classes, the so-called Silent Majority, has been, and always will be, an unholy alliance between the Hateful and the Privileged, the former always on a never-ending search for new venues for their poison and the latter enjoying, for the first time since Reagan s  80s, an opportunity to get out and step on some necks in public. Any reasonable person would find themselves sickened at a Trump rally if this is normal, and given what s happened to protesters, members of the press, and others, this is normal. It s clear that the only thing Donald Trump is truly capable of is bringing out the worst of humanity, which isn t surprising considering he himself embodies the worst of humanity.Featured image by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5831, GOP So Desperate To Cling To Power That GEORGE W. BUSH Got Back Into Politics To Save Them,"The Republican Party is fractured, and divisions are deeper than ever thanks to one Donald J. Trump. Some Republicans feel the party needs to unify behind Trump now, but others, particularly Senators in tight races, know what Trump is doing to their re-election chances. As such, an old friend has come out of the woodwork to shill for them: Former President George W. Bush.George the Lesser, along with Jeb! and their father, George the Greater, will not support Trump for president. A former spokesman for W., Freddy Ford, told NBC News why W. would hop back into the cesspool of conservative U.S. politics after such a long hiatus: President Bush believes that it s critical to keep the Senate in Republican hands. He is actively helping some senators in tight races who are strong leaders and share timeless conservative values. Ford also told The New York Times: Friends say that the former president is deeply bothered by Mr. Trump s campaign message, especially his derogatory remarks about Muslims and immigrants. At the event with Mr. McCain, Mr. Bush stressed the importance of preserving the Republican-held Senate as a  check and balance  on the White House, suggesting that such a check was needed, whether the next president is Mr. Trump or Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee. In other words, maintaining what little relevance the party has left is more important than trying to defeat Trump at this point, because the only way to defeat Trump himself is to endorse Hillary. As a die-hard Republican, George the Lesser won t do that. So he s gone out and hosted fundraisers for vulnerable Senators like John McCain (R-AZ) and Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), and he s got three more planned for Sens. Roy Blunt (R-MO), Ron Johnson (R-NC), and Rob Portman (R-OH).The GOP is defending many more Senate seats than the Democrats this year, which is part of their fear that Trump will cost them everything but the House, and the only reason they d hang onto the House is ridiculous gerrymandering.This hasn t gone unnoticed by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, which reacted to this news with a statement sent to The Hill: Republicans are so desperate for people to forget that they ve pledged their allegiance to Donald Trump that they are now campaigning with the architect of a disastrous foreign policy who wanted to privatize Social Security and left office with the economy losing nearly 800,000 jobs a month. Obviously, they re scoffing at this particular strategy, as well they should. It s an odd move for George the Lesser, and shows the party s growing fears over The Donald and what he really stands for.Featured image by David Cannon/Getty Images",0
5832, This Tennessee GOP Rep’s Answer To Orlando Is Exactly What’s Wrong With The U.S.,"GOP Tennessee State Rep. Andy Holt is done with terrorism. His solution, like with most in ammosexual Republicans, is more guns, because that will suddenly make Muslim men less angry with us, or something. To prove it, Holt is putting his money where his mouth is and he s raffling two AR-15 s, because terrorism.To be fair, Holt had planned this giveaway before the massacre last Sunday morning, but at the same time, Sunday s massacre is only propelling him to go on with it because,  a crazed Muslim terrorist  shouldn t  change the plans or activities that we have as Americans. I think there is nothing more that this particular individual would love, this terrorist, than to think that he has changed a significant number of plans for Americans, and also that maybe gun control measures will be instituted regarding the use of firearms here in the United States because of his actions,  Holt said.He added,  I don t concede to the idea we should change our plans because this individual inappropriately used a firearm. Source: CNNBecause that s what Americans are thinking about this Father s Day weekend   obtaining maximum killing machines. Okay, maybe that is what Americans are thinking about this Father s Day weekend.Here s the video:Holt did concede, though, that maybe, just maybe, it s a bad idea to let people on the terrorist watch list have guns. I think there is a reason for terror suspects not to get firearms. A man that has devoted himself to ISIS and radical Islam, that s a precursor   that should disallow an individual to have a firearm. We don t want to go too far, though. He says we have to be  strategic,  which likely means doing nothing at all about the fact that yes, people on the terrorist watch list, including Omar Mateen, who brutally gunned down 49 people and was once on the list, bought his gun legally. We ll also likely do nothing about guns and mental illness or guns and domestic abusers, or about guns and anything, because in the good old U.S. of A., guns are more important than people.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
5833, Hypocrites: Republican National Convention Will Be Designated A Gun-Free Zone,"As Republicans stand firm about doing nothing to curtail gun violence   even if that means letting terrorist suspects on watchlists purchase firearms   they are sending a strong massage to the public at their 2016 convention in Cleveland: while your sons and daughters are being killed everyday, we will be safe and sound.The Republican National Committee will be banning firearms (and anything resembling such) from the grounds of their convention. So while they go on and on about how dangerous, unconstitutional, stupid and lawless gun-free zones are, they are instituting just that.Here s a full list of what the RNC will be banning. Not only are guns banned, but so are: whistles, noisemakers, strollers (sorry moms with children), umbrellas, flashlights, backpacks, binoculars, alcohol, drones, Wi-Fi signal grabbers, mace, tasers and so forth.So while Republicans (at the behest of the NRA) stall the conversation about curtailing the dangers of guns in society, they will be conducting business with armed guards while no one, not even the most ardent gun rights supporters, will be allowed to bring their precious weapons.If there is ever any evidence that the Republican Party is full of rank hypocrites, this certainly takes the cake. Conservatives love to chide liberal politicians who have armed security but can t see what s going on right in front of their faces: Republicans don t care about their lives, only their own. If that wasn t the case, Republicans would be supporting every gun measure by the Democrats while keeping their convention gun-free.So it shows that the NRA, which has dolled out tens of millions of dollars to the Republicans, really calls the shots. Their donations stall progress for all Americans. Republicans continue to protect themselves in their cozy arena. No doubt the issue of gun control will be uttered by their speakers, and the crowds will cheer and boo. But while those cheers and boos echo on primetime, they can rest assured they will be safe. But the 96 people who die everyday of gun violence? Not so much.Thanks for showing us your true colors, Republicans.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
5834, Two U.S. Marines Under Investigation For Threatening Attack On Gay Bars,"Two U.S. Marines are reportedly under investigation following a potential threat against the LGBTQ community posted on social media.According to the Marine Corps Times an active duty Marine posted an image to Facebook which shows a uniformed corporal holding a rifle in a menacing manner. The message  Coming to a gay bar near you,  appears on the image.Here s the image, courtesy of the Marine Corps Times.In the comments section the person who posted the photo wrote  Too soon? The image was posted to a closed Facebook group for West Coast-based male Marines, called Camp MENdleton Resale. The group has more than 25,000 members.According to Michael Moss, founder of the Facebook group where the image was posted, the photo was immediately removed from the group and reported to authorities.  We do not tolerate hate speech,  Moss said in a Facebook post.The California-based 1 Marine Expeditionary Force (1 MEF) is investigating the man who posted the photo to the group page, as well as a second Marine who apparently uploaded the image to Facebook.First Lt. Thomas Gray, a spokesman for I MEF, told the Marine Corps Times that the man in the photo has been identified and is part of the on-going investigation. Gray declined to provide more information about the individual, saying: We cannot discuss details of an ongoing investigation, but I can tell you the command is taking this incident seriously. The MEF released a public statement regarding the investigation, which reads: The Marine Corps does not tolerate discrimination based on sexual orientation, race, gender or religion. This type of behavior and mindset will not be allowed, and it is not consistent with the core values of honor, courage and commitment that are demonstrated by the vast majority of Marines on a daily basis. Officials said they will take  appropriate action,  against the individuals involved.The threatening post came on the heels of the Pulse Orlando mass shooting. While some have implied that the post was meant to be a joke, there s nothing even remotely funny about gun violence or threats of terror against the LGBTQ community.Featured image via Marine Corp Times via Facebook",0
5835, GOP Civil War Brewing As Delegates Plot To Dethrone Trump At Convention,"Donald Trump has been irritating everyone lately. It has gotten to the point that even many of the most horrific conservatives can t look past the hate speech and general insanity that has accompanied The Donald s attempt to become Dictator-in-Chief. For the most part, they have been fine with Trump s bigotry: his suggestion that Muslims should be crammed into concentration camps while those not already in the country should be banned, his talk of building walls to keep brown people out of the country, his numerous racist and misogynist statements, and his support of his horrible followers beating African-Americans at his rallies. They ve even been fine with his itchy trigger finger when it comes to launching nuclear weapons.But Trump s recent attacks on a  Mexican  federal judge from Indiana, his rapidly-dropping poll numbers, and his slightly more reasonable remarks about gun safety regulations, have the delegates he has earned ready for mutiny. The Washington Post reports that delegates are hatching plans to stop Trump. While many others have attempted to start movements to end Trump for good, this time it s different   the people who make the rules are the ones leading the movement:The delegates are angered by Trump s recent comments on gun control, his racial attacks on a federal judge and his sinking poll numbers. They are convinced that Trump is an insufficiently conservative candidate and believe they will find enough like-minded Republicans within the next month to change party rules and allow delegates to vote for whomever they want, regardless of who won their state caucus or primary. This literally is an  Anybody but Trump  movement,  said Kendal Unruh, a Republican delegate from Colorado who is leading the campaign.  Nobody has any idea who is going to step in and be the nominee, but we re not worried about that. We re just doing that job to make sure that he s not the face of our party. The fresh wave of anti-Trump organizing comes as a growing number of Republicans have signaled that they will not support Trump for president. In addition, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), who is slated to chair the Republican National Convention next month in Cleveland, said in remarks released Friday that House Republicans should  follow their conscience  on whether to support Trump.The new anti-Trump movement is pushing for a change to party rules that would allow them to vote for whomever they want if their  conscience  (term used loosely because our friends on the Right don t have those) doesn t allow them to support that person.On Friday, Trump dismissed the plot against him. I won almost 14 million votes, which is by far more votes than any candidate in the history of the Republican primaries,  Trump said.  I have tremendous support and get the biggest crowds by far and any such move would not only be totally illegal but also a rebuke of the millions of people who feel so strongly about what I am saying. People that I defeated soundly in the primaries will do anything to get a second shot   but there is no mechanism for it to happen,  the billionaire concluded. But those in charge of the latest effort to shut Trump down say they do not have a specific candidate in mind.According to those involved, at least 30 delegates in 15 states have signed on   a small fraction of the more than 2,400 delegates who will be at the convention in Cleveland. Trump just continues to embarrass himself and his party and this is not going to let up,  Iowa GOP delegate Cecil Stinemetz told the Post. Trump just continues to embarrass himself and his party and this is not going to let up. Will the movement succeed? Will Trump continue to embarrass his party and Americans as a whole.Featured image via Getty Images/Rob Jenkins",0
5836," Thanks To Trump, Companies Are Pulling Out Of The Republican National Convention","Now that Republicans are only a month away from officially nominating a racist, sexist, bigot, companies responsible for funding the Republican National Convention are pulling out, and for good reason: bigotry isn t good for business.Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Motorola, Ford, Walgreens and UPS (all of whom sponsored the 2012 convention) have announced they will be pulling out of this year s convention. Although none of the companies have publicly said why they are pulling out, Trump s continuous slamming of the Ford Corporation could explain why the motor company is calling it quits. Sources close with Wells Fargo say they will continue to sponsor the Democratic National Convention because of a large market outreach in Philadelphia.Coca-Cola has also pulled out of the RNC, citing bad publicity.Reports are surfacing that delegates for the RNC are gearing up to stage a coup against trump, thus brokering the convention and thwarting the billionaire s chances of taking on Hillary Clinton (who would mop the floor with him).Their decision to pull out comes as the RNC is close to reaching their goal of $64 million to fund the convention. With these companies now retracting their monetary support, the RNC will have to find new ways to make up for the lost funds. Maybe they could ask their nominee? He is a  billionaire,  after all.Several months ago, the New York Times reported Apple, Walmart, and Google are considering pulling out as well, as public pressure mounts against the presumptive nominee.Republican fundraising consultant Carla Eudy told the Times:I have talked to several people at companies who have said,  I ve always gone to the convention, I ve always participated at some level, but this year we re not putting it in our budget, we re not going, we re no going to sponsor any of the events going on.Things aren t looking good for the RNC, and yet Reince Priebus insists everything is O.K. when, in fact, nothing is O.K. The public is turning against them, big business is turning against them, and members of their own party are turning against them.Cleveland will be a catastrophe, and it s all thanks to Donald J. Trump. Congratulations, GOP, you built that. Now, reap what you sow.Featured image via Ron Jenkins/Getty Images",0
5837, Democratic Rep. Introduces Bill That Would Drug Test Rich Welfare Recipients,"While Republicans continue to wage war on the poor   demonizing them for daring to get government help   and drug testing them (even though only 2 percent of welfare recipients are users) Democrats are turning the tables and waging war against the rich people receiving welfare (also known as tax deductions to the GOP).Representative Gwen Moore, a Democrat from Wisconsin, who is  sick and tired, and sick and tired of being sick and tired, of the criminalization of poverty,  has a solution to the stigma: drug test the rich people who receive tax deductions of $150,000 or more. Only individuals who make over $1 million could qualify for such a deduction   meaning this bill will target exclusively the 1 percent.The bill, rightfully titled the Top 1% Accountability Act, would require these deduction seekers to submit a drug test proving they aren t using. If they choose not to comply, they can only use the standard deduction of $6,300.Moore, who has been a progressive voice against Republican stigmatization, said she was inspired by the poverty-shaming of House Speaker Paul Ryan, a notorious anti-welfare crusader: When he stood in front of a drug treatment center and rolled out his anti-poverty initiative, pushing this narrative that poor people are drug addicts, that was the last straw. Republicans have been successful in pushing this notion that poor people who receive welfare benefits are responsible for  bankrupting  the country. Less than one percent of the nation s budget goes to these benefits, but Republicans don t care. As long as they can blame the  lazy minorities  and get whites riled up, they re successful. Moore, however, is dropping some truth: The benefits we give to poor people are so limited compared to what we give to the top 1 percent. We spend $81 billion on everything   everything   that you could consider a poverty program   We might really save some money by drug-testing folks on Wall Street, who might have a little cocaine before they get their deal done. Republicans haven t commented on Moore s bill, and for obvious reasons. The logic surrounding it contradicts their racist, classist agenda.Democrats are fed up, and they are fighting back. Poor people are fed up. Black and minority Americans are fed up. Republicans will have one hell of a wakeup call in November, and they will have to answer for their sins.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5838, Trump Epically Owned Himself In A Tweet And The Internet Is Having Fun With It,"Donald Trump tweets out a number of terrible opinions on a daily basis so it takes an especially boneheaded post to get people s attention. On Friday, Trump delivered with a gloriously self-indulgent tweet meant to show that he could beat Hillary Clinton in November   and instead proved the exact opposite.Oops.THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/qp07UfnnjM  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 17, 2016For those of us with a rudimentary understanding of how numbers work, the poll numbers for the question  If the election for President were held today, for whom would you vote?  show that more people chose Hillary Clinton than did Trump. In a democracy, that s known as  losing.  In Trump s head, it was a crushing victory. He even thanked, er, someone (the pollsters? the voters? OAN?) for the exciting news that he is down.Aside from the obvious fact that this poll shows Trump losing, critics were quick to point out that there were a number of other hilariously stupid things at play here.For starters, this poll   conducted by Fox News knockoff  One America News Network    was done over a month ago Bro, not only are you losing, but this is from May 10th  https://t.co/ll4CF3rgea  Liam Donovan (@LPDonovan) June 17, 2016But also, whoever edited the graphic for Trump s tweet must have known it didn t look good because they photoshopped Trump above Clinton, as if just the positioning might make people forget the numbers. Here s the original:It s also possible that Trump is focusing on a month-old poll that shows him down by 2 points, because the news since then has been dismal. In more recent polls, Clinton is pulling away and there is talk among both conservative and liberal pollsters that this election could very well turn into a complete rout. As Clinton consolidates the Democratic Party and gets to turn her attention to the general election, her poll numbers have been slowly climbing. Trump s on the other hand are in absolute freefall In recent days, Trump has congratulated himself after a mass shooting, accused President Obama of working with ISIS, banned a major newspaper from covering his campaign, and attempted to turn gay people against Muslims. If he thought those particularly egregious actions would help him win in November, he apparently underestimated the American people.So maybe Trump should consider taking Clinton s free advice.Delete your account. https://t.co/Oa92sncRQY  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 9, 2016Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
5839," Paul Ryan: If Trump Tries To Ban Muslims, We’ll Sue Him (VIDEO)","Despite the fact that House Speaker Paul Ryan continues to insist that he s still backing Trump, it couldn t be clearer that he is extremely uncomfortable with the prospect of a President Trump. The two disagree on many things, including Trump s ridiculous idea that he could, without the help of Congress, ban Muslims from the United States. Since the shooting in Orlando, Trump has doubled down on that insanity, and it s clear that Speaker Ryan has had enough.Ryan sat down on Thursday with The Huffington Post, and when asked about what he d do if Trump tried to pull that sh*t once he was elected, Ryan said: I would sue any president that exceeds his or her powers. He went on to make sure people understood that his endorsing Trump did not mean that he had given the orange one a  blank check  to do as he pleases.Think about that. The Speaker of the House of Representatives   the guy who is presiding over the GOP convention   just floated the idea of suing his own nominee. This is the GOP imploding right before our eyes, folks. For real. Ryan went on to say: That s a legal question that there s a good debate about.  On the broader question, are we going to exert our Article I powers and reclaim this Article I power no matter who the president is? Absolutely. After effectively saying that he d sue Trump if it came down to it, Ryan turned right around and reminded everyone what a spineless weasel he is, and insisted that Trump is still his man: I am going to keep being who I am, I am going to keep speaking out on things where I think it s needed, where our principles need to be defended, and I am going to keep doing that, I hope it s not necessary. But the last thing I want to see is a another Democrat in the White House. So, despite the fact that Trump continues to demonstrate how bashit insane   not to mention grossly unqualified   he is, Paul Ryan still would rather see Trump burn the world down than have to deal with another Democratic president. Not surprising, really.Watch the full interview below:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5840, Hillary’s Latest One Word Response To Trump On Twitter Is Melting The Internet (TWEET),"With the race for president getting hotter by the day, and now that both parties have their presumptive nominees pretty locked up, the gloves have clearly come off on either side.Donald Trump may have thought it was pretty easy to steamroll over his fellow Republicans during the primary, but now he s up against Hillary Clinton, and she s no newcomer to having everything plus the kitchen sink filled with day-old dishes thrown at her.It s becoming for evident that Trump is starting to flounder and that is pissing him off greatly. His remarks on the federal judge of Mexican descent really began turning off his own party (as if they weren t listening to his racism before?) and now after his politicizing of the shooting massacre of a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, well, his pathetic desperation is showing.Trump is actually trying   albeit failing   to appear as though he s better for women and the LGBT community than Hillary Clinton.So, when Trump asked: You tell me: who is better for the gay community and who is better for women than Donald Trump. Trump: ""You tell me: who is better for the gay community and who is better for women than Donald Trump.""  Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) June 17, 2016Hillary simply responded with one word: Hi. Hi. https://t.co/11Fyyf5IQm  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 17, 2016That s really all she needed to say, because it s true. And for goodness sake, Trump, don t refer to yourself in the third person.Not only is Hillary better for women and the LGBT community, she s one million times better than Donald Trump on his best day, even if he were to be the Grand Marshall in a pride parade (you know you just pictured it).We can t allow Trump into the Oval Office, not just for women and the gay community, but for the whole nation and the entire world.Featured Photo by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5841, Iraq War Veteran Takes Cowardly Republicans To The Woodshed For Being NRA Puppets,"Instead of bowing down to the NRA leader who has never fought in war his entire life, Republicans should be listening to this Iraq War veteran on the issue of guns.For whatever reason, NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre managed to weasel his way out of fighting in the Vietnam War even though he was definitely eligible to serve. Depending on the account, LaPierre either secured school deferments or received a bullshit medical discharge like Donald Trump did.Either way, when it comes right down to it LaPierre talks a big game when it comes to guns but he was total coward when it came time to use them to fight for our country.Yet Republicans fear the NRA mouthpiece so much that they literally do whatever he wants them to do when it comes to gun legislation. Every time there is a mass shooting the GOP automatically refuses to pass any gun laws that would prevent future massacres.In fact, Republicans and the NRA are so gun crazy that they even refuse to support any legislation that bans suspected terrorists from buying guns and declined to support a United Nations resolution to ban the sale of firearms in nations that support terrorism. So not only are Republicans and the NRA in favor of not keeping the American people safe here at home, they are in favor of putting our troops in danger abroad, which is precisely why Rep. Seth Moulton called them out this week. I think that Republicans are scared,  the Iraq War veteran told GQ.  Republicans are scared of the NRA. They re scared of the Tea Party. They re scared of their leadership that won t even allow a debate on this issue. The Massachusetts Democrat served four combat tours in Iraq so he knows what he s talking about when it comes to guns and terrorism.When it came time to take action in the wake of the Orlando mass shooting last weekend, Moulton was so disgusting by Republicans only offering  thoughts and prayers  that he refused to take part in a moment of silence House Republicans staged to make themselves feel better instead of actually doing something to prevent gun violence. Moulton walked out of the chamber in protest and received praise on Twitter. I understand I m one of the few members of Congress who does his own Twitter account, so I saw it right away,  Moulton said  Congressman Jim Himes of Connecticut was, I think, the first to say,  You know what, I m just not even going to attend these moments of silence.  And I thought that was a good statement. Some people have said,  Well, that s disrespectful to the victims.  I think what s disrespectful to the victims is refusing to even have a debate about passing reasonable reforms to prevent these mass shootings from happening. But Moulton thinks it s going to take many more mass shootings before Republicans wake up and finally take action. Either that or an election that kicks most of them out of Congress. I do not know how many more innocent Americans need to die before we come to our senses on this issue. In just my one term here, we ve already had too many moments of silence to even count. But I do have hope, and that s why I m going to keep fighting. Furthermore, he supports universal background checks and an assault weapons ban, which he believes would have stopped the Orlando shooter from purchasing the AR-15 he used. It is absolutely absurd that someone who is deemed unsafe to get on an airplane is allowed to buy a gun in America. It s truly absurd. And the Republican critique is,  Well, there might be innocent people on the no-fly list.  Look, if you don t trust the no-fly list, then why do you allow it for our airports? Maybe that has something to do with the fact that you fly home every weekend.It s also absurd that we could require universal background checks for some gun purchases but not for others. That s like saying if I go up to the airline ticket counter and purchase a ticket in person, I have to go through security, but if I buy the ticket online I just can bypass security.And an assault-weapons ban would have prevented Omar Mateen from buying this gun in Florida. Moulton also knows for a fact that Donald Trump s campaign rhetoric is putting our troops in more danger. The last time I went overseas on an Armed Services Committee oversight trip, we went to Iraq, Israel, Bahrain, and the UAE, and the number of foreign leaders leaders of our allies who spoke derisively about Trump was embarrassing. It was embarrassing as an American, even as someone who doesn t support Trump. And the things that he s saying are absolutely putting our troops at risk today. But Moulton was not done blasting Trump. Donald Trump obviously knows nothing about what it s like to put your life on the line for your country,  he continued.  He s never risked his life for anything. Neither has Wayne LaPierre, which makes one wonder why Republicans still bow down to cowards like him and Donald Trump.Featured image via Twitter",0
5842," Top Republican Operative Dubs Trump ‘Cheeto Jesus,’ Issues Epic F-YOU To GOP Brass (TWEETS)","The #NeverTrump movement from sane Republicans who know what an absolute disaster a Donald Trump presidency would be for both their party and this nation and world is all but dead. The spineless morons at the top of the GOP leadership, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and the #2 Republican Mitch McConnell, along with many others, have lined up behind the orange monster like obedient toy soldiers, despite the fact that Trump becomes more outrageous and embarrassing by the day. However, there is one veteran Republican who is still staunchly #NeverTrump  longtime GOP consultant Rick Wilson.Wilson took to his twitter account to slam his own party s leadership over their endorsement of Trump, and it was absolutely glorious. He even gave Trump a new name    Cheeto Jesus    and ripped his colleagues a new one in the best way possible.1/ How the actual fuck does anyone at the RNC have standing to act shocked that Trump is not doing the basics of campaigning?  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20162/ You can't elide over his utter dipshittery. No matter how much you try to act surprised, you own this. You're covered in his stench.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20163/ History will be so cruel to you.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20164/ Your off the record sniping and grumbling is no substitute for moral courage. That's so DC.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20165/ You won't escape the stain. It's like a big, visible ""No Ragrets"" chest tat that will mark your careers forever.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20166/ Go public. Man up. Show courage. Say what's in your hearts; he's insane. He's poison. He's doomed. He's killing the Party.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20167/ None of you are good enough to spin the unspinnable ratfuck that is Trump. None of you can say, ""I was just following orders.""  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20168/ This weekend, people were lined up hundreds deep to give blood to the victims of Orlando. Your Cheeto Jesus was praising himself.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 20169/ There is no better Trump. There is not Presidential Trump. He is a vile stain on the this Republic.  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 201610/ Your resumes will always read ""Worked for a batshit crazy crypto-fascist who destroyed the GOP""  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 2016And there you have it. Trump continues to cause massive division within the RNC and the GOP at large, despite RNC chairman Reince Priebus s claims to the contrary. Rick Wilson is right. Go ahead, GOP leadership. Stay on the Trump Train. But remember   you lie down with Cheeto Jesus, and his stain lies with you forever. Either do the right thing, or listen to the sounds of the death knells for all of your careers.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5843, Twitter Relentlessly Mocks RNC Chair For Pretending All Is Fine With Trump,"It is no secret that the GOP brass is less than thrilled to have Donald Trump as their presumptive nominee for the 2016 presidential race. However, at this point, there is nothing they can really do about it. So, instead of disavowing the most unqualified and reckless candidate to ever seek the White House, they are simply condemning his more outrageously indefensible comments, yet still standing behind him and telling the nation and world that everything is A-OK between the Republican establishment and the annointed orange one. In order to prove that everyone is wrong and they are just peachy, Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus tweeted out that a Politico report that there were tense relations between Trump and the RNC was  pure fiction,  and also told the entire internet that he was on a plane with Trump at that very moment.Flying to Dallas now with @realDonaldTrump Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas. Rs will win in Nov!  Reince Priebus (@Reince) June 16, 2016Well, the people of Twitter are not morons. They gave Priebus the savage mockery he deserved, as only Twitter can. Here are a few of the more delicious tweets that flooded the RNC chair s @replies:@Reince @realDonaldTrump Did Trump tweet this for you?  TWK (@Hot_take_king) June 16, 2016.@Reince pic.twitter.com/ADZfuvKBXm  Max Steele (@maxasteele) June 16, 2016@Reince @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/IIgH7qVNAc  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) June 16, 2016@Reince blink twice to signal the authorities  Bruce Arthur (@bruce_arthur) June 16, 2016@Reince @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/ZTyjDYmszH  John (@johninUT) June 16, 2016@Reince @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/AltQW8brtC  Chris Hagel (@MullingHagel) June 16, 2016Perhaps most damning and mocking of all is the fact that the general election polls are not looking good for Trump at all, and the GOP leadership must be panicking over that:.@Reince lol pic.twitter.com/BJBdqayrFN  SoapView (@SoapView) June 16, 2016They can try to pretend they re all just fine with Trump, but it s clear they aren t. House Speaker Paul Ryan said, in response to Trump s directive that the GOPers who are condemning his nutty remarks to  be quiet,  that  You can t make this up sometimes.  Mitch McConnell, along with others just a few days ago simply refused to speak about Trump after he made outrageously inappropriate remarks following the shooting in Orlando.So, no, Reince, nobody is buying the line of bullshit that you and other Republican leaders are fine with your current standard-bearer. You re literally terrified, as you should be.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5844, TX Teacher Infuriates Mother With Note Implying Her Daughter May Die In Next Orlando-Like Attack,"A Texas mother recently woke up to possibly one of the most infuriating things a parent can see   a nasty, bigoted message on Facebook that was warning her about her lesbian daughter. Cassie Watson s daughter, Ali Chaney, was sent home from school last month for wearing a t-shirt that read,  Some people are gay. Get over it,  in rainbow letters. That s how this teacher knows Ali is gay.The message in question said:The teacher, who appears to be a woman named Janice Williams, tried to weasel out of taking responsibility for this when she was asked about the offensive message: My FB account was hacked yesterday and I was not responsible for the message sent to the lady causing her to believe that her child would be harmed. It took several attempts to delete the account after notifying FB that my account had been hacked. I have lived my life protecting the rights of others and being an advocate for ALL children. I m saddened that a hacker can cause such negativity and division among so many people. Please give my sincerest apology to this woman and her child. Thank you.' Oh, bull cookies. Isn t that always the fallback excuse when you write something horrible like that to someone?  My account was hacked.  However, like any sane person would when confronted with something that sounds like so many hollow excuses, Watson called it  garbage. The school district says the t-shirt was  disruptive,  because several students had complained. Like telling LGBTQ students they have to kowtow to the whims of homophobes or be singled out and punished isn t disruptive. Nevertheless, they stood by that decision, issuing a statement that said: Our purpose at CCISD is to educate children, first and foremost. According to CCISD s dress code in the student handbook and code of conduct, clothing that is disruptive to the learning environment based on reactions by other students is prohibited. The student was offered a school shirt to wear and declined. There s more, though. KCEN-TV reached out to the district and discovered that this teacher resigned way back on June 3, well before this message was sent, and for a reason completely unrelated to this situation. One might think that Williams felt free to spread her homophobia because she wouldn t face any consequences for doing so.This is not something that anybody should ever send out, because it just perpetuates the cultural problem that played a huge role in the Orlando massacre. Anybody who would send a message like that has their hands covered in the blood of the LGBTQ people who have died in hate crimes.Featured image via screen capture from KCEN-TV news report and Facebook",0
5845, WATCH: John McCain Twice Claims President Obama Is ‘Directly Responsible’ For Orlando Attack,"Senator John McCain is in damage control mode after he openly accused President Obama of being  directly responsible  for the mass shooting in Orlando, thus going even further than Donald Trump s attacks of the president.In the wake of the attack that left 50 people dead and 53 wounded, Trump responded by suggesting that President Obama is somehow helping ISIS carry out their attacks on our shores. He doesn t get it or he gets it better than anybody understands. It s one or the other,  Trump said.  And either one is unacceptable. We re led by a man who is a very   look, we re led by a man that either is, is not tough, not smart, or he s got something else in mind. And the something else in mind, you know, people can t believe it. People cannot   they cannot believe that President Obama is acting the ways he acts and can t even mention the words radical Islamic terrorism. There s something going on. It s inconceivable. But McCain, who is facing one of the toughest re-election campaigns of his political career, went even further than that. Barack Obama is directly responsible for it, because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq, al-Qaeda went to Syria, became ISIS, and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama s failures,  McCain said.After being given a chance to clarify his remarks, McCain repeated his claim. He pulled everybody out of Iraq, and I predicted at the time that ISIS would go unchecked, and there would be attacks on the United States of America. It s a matter of record, so he is directly responsible. Here s the audio via the Washington Post.Of course, Trump s campaign manager quickly tweeted what McCain said, most likely thinking they had found an ally for their own attacks against President Obama.John McCain: Obama is  directly responsible  for Orlando attack   The Washington Post https://t.co/hjh5ry2r3B  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) June 16, 2016There are many problems with McCain s claims. First of all, the shooter is the one who is  directly responsible  for the mass killing. Second, President Obama followed the order signed by President George W. Bush in 2008 agreeing to pull all US military personnel out of Iraq in 2011 after several attempts to keep troops there were rejected by the Iraqi parliament.Therefore, not only is President Obama not responsible for withdrawing our military forces out of Iraq, ISIS wouldn t have been able to rise if President Bush has not pushed to invade Iraq in the first place. The war in Iraq destabilized the region, thus allowing a terrorist organization like ISIS to form to fill the power vacuum.After much criticism, McCain has been scrambling to spin his remarks ever since. I misspoke. I did not mean to imply that the President was personally responsible. I was referring to President Obama s national security decisions, not the President himself. As I have said, President Obama s decision to completely withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq in 2011 led to the rise of ISIL. I and others have long warned that the failure of the President s policy to deny ISIL safe haven would allow the terrorist organization to inspire, plan, direct or conduct attacks on the United States and Europe as they have done in Paris, Brussels, San Bernardino and now Orlando. Again, it is an established FACT that President Obama did not invade Iraq and did not sign the withdrawal order. Both of those actions occurred before he ever stepped foot in the White House.But McCain was given a chance to clarify his usage of  directly responsible  and said it again instead so it s hard to believe him when he claims to have  misspoke. Also, as a so-called  leader  of his party, one would think that John McCain would be able to at least try and persuade the Republican-controlled Congress to declare war on ISIS so that President Obama can wage a full war with full resources to fight terrorism. But so far, Republicans would rather criticize President Obama for not going to war against ISIS even though the Constitution clearly states that only Congress has the power to declare a war.Clearly, John McCain has served long enough in the Senate. It s time for a new senator from Arizona. Perhaps a real maverick who knows how to be respectful of their commander-in-chief and knows when to keep their mouth shut instead of spewing lies and false accusations.Featured Image: Gage Skidmore",0
5846, USA Today Smacks Trump Upside The Head Over His Crazy Idea That Obama And Hillary Helped ISIS,"Since the shooting in Orlando, Donald Trump has been yammering on about how he was right about radical Islamic terrorism and Muslims all along. He s also been blasting President Obama for the way he s handling ISIS, connecting Obama to the Orlando massacre. He just recently stepped that up, claiming again that he was right about all this, and also bringing Hillary Clinton into the ring of his accusations. He even has a source to back all this up now! The big question now is,  Bro, do you even news? USA Today decided to answer that question with,  No, he clearly doesn t.  Why? Because he said: Hillary Clinton received a classified intelligence report stating that the Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State. His source for that? Breitbart, which is less reliable than Fox News. They referenced a government memo from 2012 on the situation and called it an  intelligence report.  Trump took that story and used it to gloat about being right about everything:An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump  may have insinuated about @POTUS.  But he s right: https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2016USA Today, however, looked at that so-called  report,  and found that it doesn t say what either Trump or Breitbart claim. Here s the relevant information:DIA memo, August 2012: A. Internally, events are taking a clear sectarian direction.B. The Salafist, the Muslim Brotherhood, and AQI [Al Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria.C. The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support the opposition; while Russia, China, and Iran support the regime.AQI supported the uprising against Syrian president Bashar al-Assad from the beginning, and so did the U.S. That s not a secret in any form of the word, and it takes an amazing leap of twisted logic to assume that means Obama was actively supporting even working with Al Qaeda. USA Today s report says that, for this to be true, several more countries would have to have been involved in this conspiracy, too.Now it s getting so complicated that it defies description.To that end, though, USA Today reached out to several Middle East experts about this. One such expert, Andrew Tabler, said: The US never supported AQ in Iraq   not sure where that came from. Another expert, Perry Cammack, called Breitbart s story  amazingly poor reporting,  and said: If anything the Obama administration has been criticized for doing too little to support the Syrian opposition, and it s frankly for exactly this reason. As far as Hillary s involvement, that s Trump and Breitbart grasping at some very small, slippery straws. While the memo does list the office of the Secretary of State, Cammack says it would likely have been  read by worker bees,  and incorporated into a larger briefing for Hillary to review later.In other words, that notation is meaningless, and Trump s accusation is baseless.USA Today concluded their report by saying that Trump s claims are the kind of conspiracy theories they d debunk in an article, and debunk, they did. They shot down this conspiracy theory rather soundly with basic research of which neither Trump, nor Breitbart, is capable (and they ll eventually be banned for this).Featured image by Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
5847," Neil DeGrasse Tyson’s Beautiful, Yet Completely Scientific, Tribute To The LGBT Rainbow","Neil DeGrasse Tyson doesn t often jump into the political fray. In fact, he s rather famous for holding the unscientific feet of both political parties to the fire, as he did on Bill Maher:That being said, there s no denying that Tyson is a thinking man, which means he s not a fan of bigotry or the guns used in mass shootings. His Twitter reaction to the horrific massacre at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was particularly poignant, despite being completely scientific.First, he questioned whether the Second Amendment is even a good idea:Odd how many Americans invoke the 2nd Amendment to justify gun ownership, rather than explore whether or not it s a good idea  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 12, 2016For that, Tyson received a lot of pushback, but he was ready for it: @charlescwcooke So then the tweet does not apply to you. And of course it was a one liner because that s what tweets are.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 12, 2016Regardless of your view on guns, it s tough to deny that that massacre was also a hate crime. Tyson doesn t hate. Instead, he gave us the science of the rainbow   the LGBT rainbow   in a series of wonderful tweets:The exact Rainbow any of us sees in the sky is entirely our own   a personal, yet communal gift from the laws of optics.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016 Rainbows are always the same angular size in the sky   they are various segments of a circle that is 84-degrees across.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016A Rainbow forms only broadside to your line of sight. That s why the pot of Gold at its base remains eternally out of reach.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016 Isaac Newton, in Opticks (1704), published his discovery that white light is composed of colors   the colors in Rainbows.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016If we had vision like @StarTrek s Giordi, Rainbows would look twice as thick, and include parts of ultraviolet & infrared.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016 Newton assigned seven colors to the color-continuous Rainbow: Red-Orange-Yellow-Green-Blue-Indigo-Violet. Meet ROY G. BIV  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016Most people can take or leave Indigo as a Rainbow color, but Newton was mystically fascinated with 7, so we re stuck with it.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016 And sometimes you will find colors of the Rainbow on flags. pic.twitter.com/fl9AJuJANK  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 14, 2016For that, he also received some nasty pushback:@neiltyson Have you come out of the closet yet? #EvolutionistScum  Chuck Landreth (@charleslandreth) June 14, 2016But mostly, he received love: @neiltyson You, sir, are a true treasure! I wish you a lifetime of scientific excitement and a never ending supply of rainbows!  70Acres (@70acres) June 15, 2016@neiltyson this sequence was nothing short of elegant. Thank you. #rainbow  russell c brown (@russellcbrown) June 16, 2016 @neiltyson thank you! You have the love and appreciation of so many in the LGBT community and our cherished allies. This was just perfect.  AlexaBensonValavanis (@alexa_valavanis) June 16, 2016Featured image via Dimitrios Kambouris at Getty Images",0
5848, WHOA: Clinton Just Effectively Sh*tcanned Debbie Wasserman-Schultz,"If you re dissatisfied with Debbie Wasserman-Schultz as the head of the DNC, Hillary Clinton has some good news for you. While one cannot simply remove the DNC Chairwoman from her position, and while she will retain her title, Wasserman-Schultz has been stripped of most of her power. CNN reports:Hillary Clinton s campaign is taking the reins of the Democratic National Committee, installing a new top official on Thursday to oversee the party s day-to-day operations through the general election.Brandon Davis, national political director for the Service Employees International Union, will become the general election chief of staff for the Democratic Party. His selection formalizes the coordination of the Clinton campaign and the committee, a stark contrast to Donald Trump who is currently at odds with his party.Now, this sort of thing is rather common   but it is expected to alleviate some of Democrats  concerns about Wasserman-Schultz s rather lackluster leadership abilities. This is in fact what happens,  former Democratic Party chairman, Howard Dean, told CNN.  Debbie will still have the title, but somebody else will be the effective operator of the DNC. It s Hillary s pick.  And, of course, Hillary could have picked anyone she wanted (including Wasserman-Schultz). But, of course, she didn t, perhaps realizing that the Chairwoman is not the right fit for this or many other jobs. We basically just turned it over to him and I left the building to him. He ran the DNC,  Dean said, explaining how he transitioned to simply raising money for Barack Obama after his campaign took over the party.  It was very clear I wasn t going to be running the DNC as soon as there was a nominee. It has long been suspected that DWS was working in cahoots with the Clinton campaign. While it is true that the Democratic nominee has benefited from the party leader s numerous blunders   including a terrible debate schedule that kept the party out of the public eye   it seems that it was just incompetence that appeared to be assistance. Or, if Debbie was providing assistance in hopes of a reward, Clinton did not return the favor. In any case, the Democratic Party is stronger with Debbie Wasserman-Schultz sidelined.This decision comes on the heels of a meeting between Clitnon and Bernie Sanders, who has long called for new leadership in the DNC. Sen. Sanders and Secretary Clinton met in Washington on Tuesday evening and had a positive discussion about how best to bring more people into the political process and about the dangerous threat that Donald Trump poses to our nation,  said Michael Briggs, Sanders  spokesman, in a statement following the meeting.  Sanders congratulated Secretary Clinton on the campaign she has run and said he appreciated her strong commitment to stopping Trump in the general election. It is unknown how or if Sanders influenced Clinton s decision to strip Wasserman-Schultz of power. We have a lot of work to do over the next five months to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president,  Clinton campaign manager, Robby Mook, said while introducing Davis to the party s staff.  With so much at stake in this election, we could not ask for a better partner in that mission than the team here. Now, we just need an election to make this  firing  permanent.Featured image via Getty Images/Andrew Burton",0
5849," Anonymous Hacks ISIS Twitter Accounts, Trolls Them Perfectly (TWEETS)","Anonymous has hacked a number of pro-ISIS Twitter accounts in response to the mass shooting that occurred at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida.The hacker responsible for the action defaced the accounts, mocking them by changing their accounts to display LGBT Pride-themed images and posted gay porn.Twitter responded to an inquiry from CBS  local San Francisco affiliate about the matter. They responded by saying: We condemn the use of Twitter to promote terrorism and the Twitter Rules make it clear that this type of behavior, or any violent threat, is not permitted on our service. Since the middle of 2015 alone, we ve suspended over 125,000 accounts for threatening or promoting terrorist acts, primarily related to ISIS. Here are some screenshots that the hacker posted to Twitter:#Daesh in #Irag @dygft9uy4 Still remembering those we lost. #Orlando #OpDaesh #Anonymous #GhostOfNoNation pic.twitter.com/ZdxXL4y6Y6  WauchulaGhost (@WauchulaGhost) June 16, 2016For you #Orlando. #Daesh in Iraq @gi_h_a_d35 #OpDaesh #Anonymous #GhostOfNoNation pic.twitter.com/LGI9fRVpA4  WauchulaGhost (@WauchulaGhost) June 14, 2016#DaeshBag in #Saudi @zxmgklb #RxpectUs #OpDaesh #Anonymous #GhostOfNONation pic.twitter.com/lQQv1VLkxh  WauchulaGhost (@WauchulaGhost) June 15, 2016This isn t the first time Anonymous and ISIS have engaged in cyber battles. Hackers associated with the collective have vowed to take down and deface as many pro-ISIS outlets they can. In 2015, a message was put out by the group calling for  total war  against the terrorist group. Since then, it has been reported that hackers have taken down tens of thousands of ISIS Twitter accounts. They also took down a major ISIS website and replaced it with an advertisement for Viagra.Omar Marteen, the gunman responsible for the massacre in Orlando, called 911 just before he went on a shooting spree where he pledged allegiance to ISIS. Investigators have yet to release information as to whether was actually responsible for the attack as they have claimed to have. Reports show that Marteen had previously claimed to support the Taliban, Al Nusra, and Hezbollah in addition to ISIS. The fact that these groups are all currently at war with each other suggests that Mateen was not actually working with any international terrorist organizations but was influenced by their propaganda.Featured image from screenshot via Twitter",0
5850, The Boston Globe Releases Powerful Cover With This Simple Demand (IMAGE),"The Boston Globe knocks it out of the park with their Thursday edition cover. The cover shows an image of an actual sized AR-15, along with a bullet hole. The cover simply reads  make it stop  in bold black and red letters. It s the demand we should all be making..Here s the cover:Bold and unprecedented message in today s @BostonGlobe, using the entire front page to promote an editorial pic.twitter.com/p2tZDhHTRe  Ben Volin (@BenVolin) June 16, 2016The editorial that the cover promotes begins by saying: Greed, legislative cowardice, advanced technology   that is how we got here. The United States has been pummeled by gun violence since the assault weapons ban expired in 2004. This year, mass shootings have already claimed 61 lives. One class of gun, semiautomatic rifles, is largely responsible. But this nation cannot be a hostage of fear. We can make it stop. This follows the mass shooting that recently happened at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. The shooting resulted in the loss of 49 lives, with more than that number being hospitalized with serious injuries. The shooting is the worst terror attack on U.S. soil since 9/11. The shooter, Omar Mateen, purchased the assault weapon two weeks before he executed his massacre at the night club. Mateen was able to legally buy the firearm despite the fact that he had been previously under investigation by the FBI.Since the shooting, the U.S. has once again taken up the ritual of crying out for our leaders to do something to   well, to make this stop. However, no real progress has been made in the effort to create more regulations for assault weapons, or return to outright banning them as the Boston Globe editorial calls for.The case for banning assault weapons is laid out clearly in the editorial. People have been able to purchase assault weapons legally since 2004. After the assault weapons ban was repealed, they have been used in massacres across the United States. They name six Senators whom they asses are responsible for blockading legislation that might actually do something to make this stop. Five of the Senators are Republicans, one of them is a Democrat. In their digital edition, the newspaper makes it easy for readers to tweet and email these individuals.We as a nation can no longer allow the gun lobby to hold us hostage. There are limitations to the Constitution, the second amendment is not excluded. We banned these weapons before and we can do it again.You can read the full editorial here.Featured image from screenshot via Twitter",0
5851, Donald Trump’s Negatives Hit Record Highs After Orlando Shooting,"It looks like Donald Trump is having another really bad week. As Americans are coming to grips with the threat of terrorism, gun violence and homophobia after the attack in Orlando, they are also turning their backs on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Never mind that the majority of Americans disapprove of how he handled the Orlando situation, a new poll from the Washington Post (the media outlet Trump banned from his camping) shows that Trump s unfavorability rating has reached a record high of 70 percent.As the Post notes: Trump s negative rating is higher now than Clinton s ever have been, even at her highest in unpopularity. According to the findings:The poll finds 70 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of Trump, including a 56 percent majority who feel this way  strongly.  Negative ratings of Trump are up 10 percentage points from last month to their highest point since he announced his candidacy last summer, nearly reaching the level seen before his campaign began (71 percent).Only 29 percent of Americans have a favorable view of Trump.Here s the damage Trump has done to himself:Trump is even losing support from his biggest base of support: uneducated white men:Among registered voters, Trump s unfavorable mark exceeds Clinton s by 13 points (69 percent vs. 56 percent), a break from a Post-ABC poll last month finding both candidates  standings even at 57 percent unfavorable among this group.Negative views of Trump have risen among a wide range of groups, jumping by double digits among liberals and conservatives and among both Republican women and Democratic men. But his standing has also worsened among two key voting groups: independents and white Americans who do not have a four-year college degree.It looks like the nation is waking up to Donald Trump, and seeing once and for all the mistake that has been made.",0
5852, Watch The Moving Apology To The LGBTQ Community From Utah’s GOP Lt. Gov. That Every Republican Should See,"The GOP is notoriously hostile to the LGBTQ community. Generally, we reject gay republicans, and the former leader of gay GOP group GOProud actually denounced his membership in the GOP, and obviously with good reason. In the wake of the horrible attack on our community in Orlando, many GOP politicians continued to erase us from our own tragedy, prompting rightful and renewed outrage from the LGBTQ community and our allies. I myself wrote a scathing indictment of the GOPers offering thoughts and prayers while still legislating hate. However, there is one member of that party who, once a homophobe, is a million percent on our side now, and he deserves to be recognized for that: Utah Lieutenant Governor Spencer Cox.Taking to the stage at a Salt Lake City vigil in honor of the 49 victims of the Orlando shooting Monday night, Cox showed that his words were not empty, that they were heartfelt. First, he apologized for treating LGBTQ people poorly in the past. From Vox:Cox started off saying that he had  an admission and an apology  for the vigil attendees:  I recognize fully that I am a balding, youngish, middle-aged straight, white, male, Republican politician  (many in the crowd burst into laughter at this)  with all of the expectations and privileges that come with those labels. I am probably not who you expected to hear from today. After that humble introduction, Cox went on to say: I m here because yesterday morning, 49 Americans were brutally murdered.   I m here because those 49 people were gay. I m here because it shouldn t matter. But I m here because it does. That is perhaps, to me as a gay American, the most moving part of the speech, period. It shows that he isn t erasing us, that he understands that no amount of rallying in the streets, pride parades, people coming out in support of marriage equality, or anything else changes the fact that this community has suffered terrible amounts of violence, indignity, disrespect, and despair, all for the simple  crime  of existing. Cox went on to address the problem of straight-splaining, and admits that while he stands with us, he cannot know what it is like to walk a mile in our shoes: I am not here to tell you that I know exactly what you are going through. I am not here to tell you that I feel your pain. I don t pretend to know the depths of what you are feeling right now. But I do know what it feels like to be scared. And I do know what it feels like to be sad. And I do know what it feels like to be rejected. And, more importantly, I know what it feels like to be loved. The speech went on to call the victims  beautiful, amazing people,  and Cox was tearful throughout. This speech is not the only thing Cox has done to show his allegiance and support though. He was a vocal supporter of a Utah law that forbade discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.There is so much more than what I have written here in this beautiful, moving 9:39 speech. I urge you to listen to every word. Take it in. I hope it makes it to the computer screens of Lt. Gov. Cox s fellow Republicans. Perhaps some of them will be able to have a similar change of heart.Watch this amazing speech below: Featured image via kuer.org/Spencer Cox",0
5853," After Democrats Filibuster For 15 Hours, Republicans Cave, Allowing A Vote On Gun Control","For 15 hours (now the 8th longest filibuster in Senate history), Senate Democrats stood their ground and demanded the Senate take up gun control measures in the wake of the terrorist attack in Orlando. For 15 hours, 37 senators   including two Republicans and two Independents   stood before the American people and relentlessly pleaded their case as to why urgent action was needed.Well, it worked. After pledging to hold the floor until something, anything, was done, Republicans caved.At roughly 2 AM (Washington time), Senator Chris Murphy, who launched the historic filibuster, announced that the Senate will take up closing the terror gap and universal background checks: It is our understanding   that we have been given a commitment on a path forward to get votes on the floor of the Senate   on a measure to assure that those on the terrorist watch list do not get guns and an amendment   to expand background checks to gun shows and to internet sales. Thanking the millions of people who tuned in, called and emailed their congressional representatives, and stood strong against gun violence, Murphy vowed to push on defiantly no matter what the Senate chooses to do when the votes come in.While Murphy and other Senate Democrats spoke on the floor, Republican John Cornyn, the Senate s no. 2, and Democrat Dianne Feinstein began crafting legislation to ban suspected terrorists on a watchlist from buying guns. However, Chuck Schumer, who is poised to become Majority Leader should the Democrats take back the Senate, warned fellow Democrats to be cautious of Cornyn s compromises, saying it was filled with  hoops and ladders. The Senators that spoke on the floor were:If your senator made the list, congratulations. If not (except Feinstein), shame. This historic filibuster will be one generations will look back on and ask why it had to happen. It took 15 hours of nonstop talking to get Mitch McConnell to agree to no-brainier legislation.Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
5854, Trump Has Now Banned NINE Media Outlets – A Likely Tenth Predicts Misery For Him Over It,"When Donald Trump banned the Washington Post from his events, he no doubt thought it was the boldest move yet in his war against the  dishonest  media. The Post, however, is far from the first outlet to fall to Trump s wrath. To date, Trump has actually banned nine media outlets from covering his events. Nine. But he won t stop until he s sure the coverage he s getting fits his definition of  honest  and  fair. The New York Times, whom Trump reviles but somehow hasn t totally banned yet, went to work compiling a list of blacklisted outlets after explaining why Trump banned the Post. They added: In reality, of course, no one would be more miserable than Mr. Trump if these bans actually resulted in less coverage of his campaign. That s a truth bomb if ever there was one. Trump s need for glowing praise, kowtowing and general ass-kissing means he absolutely must hog as much of the spotlight as possible. That includes all the favorable media coverage he can get. But if he thinks that coverage will become more favorable after he bans outlets in fits of rage appropriate to a toddler, he ll be sorely disappointed.The truly funny thing about this is that he hasn t thought it through at all. Reporters from blackballed outlets can still attend most of Trump s events as members of the general public. They can t get credentials, and they can t attend his official press conferences, but they can still go to and cover rallies and other events. That means that Trump is spiraling down into some serious delusions if he thinks these bans will solve his imagined problems with the media.So who, besides the Post, has he banned, and why?Besides banning entire outlets, he s barred reporters from Mother Jones, Fusion, and The New York Times, and claimed credit for getting The New Hampshire Union Leader dropped from a debate after they published a front-page op-ed denouncing him.In demonstration of his racism, The New Tri-State Defender, a traditionally black publication, can t even get responses to emails requesting credentials. Yet he ll issue credentials to Alex Jones  InfoWars, which is quite possibly one of the most craftily dumb conspiracy sites on the internet.Trump claims he won t ban any media from the White House press room when he s elected, telling CNN,  It s a different thing.  He added: When I m representing the United States, I wouldn t do that. But I would let people know if somebody s untruthful. Oh, baloney. The people of the U.S. will believe that when they see it. However, that could go two ways. One is obvious   he ll keep banning the outlets he hates until there are none left to cover him. The other is that he ll come to his senses, such as they are, and realize that a growing blacklist means less food for his narcissistic ego. Either way, he s out of hand with his. Featured image by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5855," American Medical Association Demands Research In Gun Violence, Calls It A National Health Crisis","As debate rages on over whether to ban assault rifles, pass stricter background checks, and ban potential terrorists from buying guns, the American Medical Association is demanding one thing: research into American s gun obsession.Calling the epidemic a  very public health crisis,  the AMA s President, Dr. Steven Stack, told reporters at an annual meeting in Chicago that the time is now to fund research, which has been stonewalled for years by Congress and the powerful lobbying efforts of the NRA. But now, the AMA is fighting back, pledging to actively lobby Congress: With approximately 30,000 men, women and children dying each year at the barrel of a gun in elementary schools, movie theaters, workplaces, houses of worship and on live television, the United States faces a public health crisis of gun violence. Even as America faces a crisis unrivaled in any other developed country, the Congress prohibits the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from conducting the very research that would help us understand the problems associated with gun violence and determine how to reduce the high rate of firearm-related deaths and injuries. Thanks to GOP obstructionism, a lift on the CDC s investigation into gun violence was stalled when Senate Republicans blocked funding for the research. Stack stressed the importance of allowing such research, saying that figuring out why the epidemic continues is  vital so physicians and other health providers, law enforcement and society at large may be able to prevent injury, death and other harms to society resulting from firearms. And before the NRA nuts accuse the AMA of unconstitutional activism, it should be noted that the only stake the AMA has in this research is  the safety of firearms and their use, and reducing and preventing firearm violence. That s all there is to it. Doctors wanting to save lives? Wow, what a concept! These people aren t politicians, they re health advisors. And America s violent obsession with guns is a threat to the safety and health of everyone.This is the first time the American Medical Association has taken such a firm stance on a political issue on this magnitude. Perhaps Republicans (who go on and on about doctors and Obamacare) should listen to what the doctors are saying.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5856, The GOP Didn’t Waste Any Time Going Back To Hating Gay People With What They Just Did,"Only days after the worst mass shooting in the nation s history happened against the LGBT community, the GOP decided they could go back to being discriminatory.One would think they d wait at least a week, but apparently three days seemed long enough to mourn the loss of those who perished at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, because according to Vanity Fair:Republican leaders in the House of Representatives blocked a vote on a proposal that would ensure federal contractors can t discriminate against employees on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identification.That s right, you read that correctly, they seem to think it s perfectly acceptable for federal contractors to be able to fire someone for being gay.According to The Hill:Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-N.Y.), who is gay, filed an amendment to a Defense Department spending bill that would enforce a 2014 executive order prohibiting discrimination against LGBT people.Yet, the House Rules Committee didn t see it worthy of consideration and wouldn t even allow it to be voted upon. Nope, not even a vote. Not even a chance.Apparently, the House GOP doesn t want anything added to the annual spending bills for fear that it may inhibit passage. You know, because adding non-discriminatory amendments for LGBT people in a House of Representatives full of GOP bigots doesn t go over well and could clog up business as usual.As The Hill explains:House GOP leaders decided to clamp down on amendments to annual spending bills after Maloney s proposal threatened passage of other appropriations measures last month. Before now, Republicans had been considering appropriations bills under a procedure allowing members of either party to offer unlimited amendments.Don t you see, they only want to play by their rules. If you re not doing something they like, well, then they will make sure it never happens, but guaranteed if it was the other way around, the story would be verrrry different.This just proves, yet again, that Republicans only care about themselves.Featured Photo by Allison Shelley/Getty Images",0
5857, George Takei Is Ready To Wage War Against The NRA,"Normally mild mannered George Takei is pissed at gun violence in this country, and he s planning to organize an LGBT army to do something about it.In an op-ed in The Daily Beast, the former Star Trek star and current Facebook sensation is beyond upset about the brutal massacre at the Pulse gay club in Orlando, Florida that left 49 dead and more than 50 injured. Takei, and many in the LGBT community, took the attack personally. Why wouldn t they? It was a terrorist attack, but it was also a very specifically targeted hate crime. It was an attack on all LGBT people. Takei argues that they were not the only community targeted, though. Nearly every casualty was also Latino. Those two communities is where Takei sees opportunity..Takei, a liberal, was very fair in his assessment, but he argues that the Second Amendment is in direct opposition to the First Amendment, especially in situations like mass shootings.For the average American, it is the First Amendment that articulates many of our most basic and fundamental civil rights: freedom of speech and of worship, but also of assembly and association. On Sunday, the latter two rights came under direct assault for the LGBT community. There is little doubt, for instance, that the killer targeted his victims out of hate. He intended to strike not just at people, but at a closely-knit community. After all, if his goal were sheer bloodshed and horror, Orlando boasts far more tempting and, some might even argue, more  sympathetic  targets. The killer apparently had issues with gay people; his father stated that, two weeks prior, his son  got very angry  at the mere sight of two men kissing in public, and even angrier that his own boy should witness it. At the same time, the killer was known to frequent the very establishment he attacked, suggesting that he may have deeply internalized the hate he heard from religious extremists.Takei didn t give ISIS a pass. He mentioned that they hate gay people and that the shooter claimed allegiance with the terrorist organization, but the fight to stop gay marriage and the fight to criminalize bathroom usage by transgender people pretty much shows that our attitudes aren t much better.Takei goes on to say that freedoms, even those guaranteed by the Constitution, have limits:But this is not so rare a circumstance. Indeed, there is no freedom within the Bill of Rights that is absolute. Even freedom of speech, a bedrock of our participatory democracy, has some established limits. I may not jokingly yell  fire  inside a crowded theater, precisely because the value of that speech is heavily outweighed by the danger to others who might panic. Nor may I cavalierly libel others without fear of legal repercussions. This is because we have decided, as a society, that the cost of the injuries that might arise outweighs any benefit from the freedom to say whatever I want.Takei is done with the gun debate. He has no desire to get rid of the Second Amendment, but he sees no reason everyday American should have assault rifles. He s ready to take on that fight, with a little help from his friends and he feels the LGBT community has spent the past several decades getting ready:Now this latest and most deadly attack has targeted a group that has spent the last few decades learning how to organize, fight for, and protect its rights. Perhaps, then, the next chapter of LGBT history might not be just about the struggle to gain equality for ourselves, but also how we might help lead this country towards a collective right to participate and live free of fear and terror, and ultimately toward a common-sense, permanent ban on weapons designed for mass slaughter.Like it or not, this history and this obligation have been thrust upon us, and we must now rise to its challenge. For if there is one group in this country with more will, more experience, and more tenacity than the NRA, it is the LGBT community.You don t want to mess with us.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic with Getty Images. ",0
5858, Support For Banning Assault Rifles Skyrockets After Orlando Shooting,"After the horrific terrorist attack in Orlando, which became the deadliest shooting in American history, a new poll from CBS shows that support for banning assault rifles has skyrocketed across the nation.The poll, conducted June 13th and 14th, shows that 57 percent of Americans support banning them, while 38 percent oppose. But the most surprising thing about these numbers is that in December of last year, only 44 percent of Americans supported a ban. That s a thirteen point difference in just six months.The poll also shows a shocking statistic   almost half of Republicans (45 percent) support the ban, while 78 percent of Democrats and 47 percent of Independents do.According to the poll:On whether laws governing gun sales should be made more strict, Americans seem split along party lines. A majority   57 percent   believe that laws should be stricter, while 11 percent believe they should be less strict. About three in ten Americans think they should be kept as is.Not surprisingly, Republicans were in the minority on this issue as well.The overwhelming majority of Americans support such a ban, and only one candidate wants to see that happen   Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump doesn t because, in his own words, there are already too many of them on the streets so it would be fruitless (but deporting 11 million immigrants in this country? No problem).There is no doubt that the number has risen thanks to the ever eminent threat of mass gun violence plaguing this nation, and the attack in Orlando certainly didn t ease any fears.When it comes to the issues of expanding background checks, all political ideologies are in agreement. Over 92 percent of Republicans, 97 percent of Democrats, and 82 percent of Independents support stricter, universal background checks.If this trend continues, guns will become a serious policy point in the upcoming election (as it should be), and with the two candidates taking completely different approaches, the difference could not be starker.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images",0
5859, Baptist Preacher: The Government Needs To Be Killing ‘Sodomites’ (VIDEO),"Ever since the horrific act of senseless violence that was perpetuated on LGBT venue Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the most hateful preachers imaginable have been coming out of the woodwork to praise the shooter s actions. One of those preachers is Roger Jiminez of Sacramento, California s Verity Baptist Church. He posted a  sermon  that spread like wildfire where he said: As a Christian, we shouldn t be mourning the death of 50 sodomites. Let me go ahead and start right there. As a Christian, we shouldn t be sad or upset. Thankfully, YouTube has removed Jiminez s rant due to violations of its hate speech policy. Jiminez, however, is holding to the beliefs expressed in the sermon, and even goes so far as to suggest that the government should be killing people for being LGBT. Firstly, he says that he does not have one iota of remorse for posting his hateful video: The bible does teach that homosexuality deserves the death penalty. Leviticus 20:13 says that if a man lie with mankind like he does with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination and will surely be put to death. Romans 1 says that they which commit such things are worthy of death. Jiminez went on to add that, if people die who deserve to die, we don t need to be mourning that.  Perhaps the one redeeming quality this horrible excuse for a human being has is that he has no love lost for the shooter either: This gunman there that shot people up, the bible says he deserves to die, he died and we shouldn t be mourning his death, either. That s the whole point I was making, and it s been taken out of context. But then, he goes on to essentially incite violence while saying he s not inciting violence, all the while calling on the government to execute LGBTQ people: I m not calling people to arms. And I m not telling people they should go do this  What I m saying is that if the government followed the laws of God, that s what they would be doing. And if the government did that, I d be fine with that. I would be fine. I would be totally okay with that, if the government did that. That s what they would do, if we lived in a righteous nation. In other words, this Jiminez character is essentially calling for a queer holocaust, right here in America in 2016. This is where the government really should draw the line. Whether Jiminez is calling people to arms or not, this is the sort of hate speech that causes situations like Orlando s tragic massacre. This is literally giving deranged, hateful individuals permission to go out and kill people they deem worthy of death.It s Roger Jiminez that the government needs to be doing something about, not LGBTQ people.Watch the nauseating remarks below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5860, Here’s The Most Scathing Indictment Yet Of The Anti-LBGT Hate That Caused The Orlando Massacre,"There are too many people in our society who find the idea of two people of the same gender kissing, holding hands, and even being in love just too disgusting for words. These would be our bigots the ones who are working feverishly on keeping the LGBTQ community down by dehumanizing them, and painting them as an evil in our society.These people s hatred led to Omar Mateen killing 49 people in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. A Facebook post, which ends with,  You weren t the gunman, but you re the culture that built him. You re the bullets in his gun,  is the sheer, naked truth of the situation.There are those who are angry about the  politicization  of Orlando. If those people would wake up to what s really happening, they d see that it was political from the start.Why? Because we have all of this bigotry coming from our very own lawmakers, pundits, and analysts, who want that bigotry codified in law so they can stay on top of their golden pedestals. We have pastors and other religious leaders who are celebrating what happened in Orlando. And they think they haven t contributed to this? Here are the faces of some of those people, complete with a simple phrase that adds to the power of the above post:Furthermore, the LGBTQ community has been assaulted over and over, by the same cold-blooded fuckery that caused Orlando, with GOP presidential candidates  opposition to marriage equality, too: I support same sex civil unions but to me, and millions like me, marriage is a religious service not a government form.    Ben Carson I have already introduced a constitutional amendment to preserve the authority of elected state legislatures to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman, and also legislation stripping the federal courts of jurisdiction over legal assaults on marriage.    Ted Cruz Throughout the millennia and in every religion in the world, marriage has a very specific meaning. Marriage is a institution [sic] grounded in spirituality. It is the union of a man and a woman, and from that union comes life, and life is a gift from God.    Carly Fiorina We must resist and reject judicial tyranny, not retreat. This ruling is not about marriage equality, it s about marriage redefinition. This irrational, unconstitutional rejection of the expressed will of the people in over 30 states will prove to be one of the court s most disastrous decisions, and they have had many.    Mike Huckabee [Obergefell] will pave the way for an all out assault against the religious freedom rights of Christians who disagree with this decision. This ruling must not be used as pretext by Washington to erode our right to religious liberty.    Bobby Jindal I am disappointed the Supreme Court today chose to change the centuries old definition of marriage as between one man and one woman. I m a firm believer in traditional marriage, and I also believe the 10th Amendment leaves it to each state to decide this issue. I fundamentally disagree with the court rewriting the law and assaulting the 10th Amendment.    Rick Perry We have to reclaim marriage as an institution that s not about two adults or more than two adults. That it s about children. Marriage has always been about children.    Rick SantorumAnd last, and we certainly wish least, Donald Trump: I would strongly consider [appointing justices to overrule the decision on same-sex marriage.] Then there s North Carolina s bathroom law, and Governor Pat McCrory, who defended it by saying it was a privacy issue. Yes, privacy for everyone except transgender people. One has to wonder if residents of North Carolina have to carry their birth certificates with them now.There was also Florida governor Rick Scott, who refused to acknowledge Orlando as an anti-LGBTQ hate crime in addition to an act of terrorism. He said Florida s LGBTQ community can engage in the oh-so-effective practice of prayer if they want to be safe.We had Kim Davis, who refused to abide by the Obergefell decision and who the religious community celebrated for standing up for the right to discriminate. The same is true of Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore. They re seen as champions of religious freedom, rather than the purveyors of hate they really are.What all of this does is tell ordinary citizens that it s just peachy keen for them to be hateful and evil towards the LGBTQ community. It also causes severe self-loathing in people who try to subscribe to those beliefs, but are LGBTQ and still in the closet. When these things reach the breaking point and explode, they do so violently, as they did in Orlando. You re the bullets in his gun.  Yes, they all were. They don t have to be Mateen, or anybody else who commits a hate crime against the LGBTQ community, to be responsible for this.Featured image by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5861, Seth Meyers Just Banned Donald Trump From Appearing On His Show – It’s Absolutely Amazing (VIDEO),"More and more people have had just about enough of Donald Trump s ridiculous shenanigans. Trump has been racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, and has catered to groups that hate LGBT equality. He s a person who has no right running for President of the United States, not only because of his bigoted views, but because he has absolutely no experience whatsoever.With Donald Trump being so scrutinized by so many, including the press that has the freedom to ask him questions and report what he says, Trump has taken action against the press. He s been prohibiting news organizations from attending his events. An action that goes directly against the freedom of press listed in the United States Constitution. The latest publication Trump has gone after is the Washington Post.Now, taking action against Trump in the same regard, is Late Night host Seth Meyers. On his latest show, Meyers brilliantly went after Trump for his reaction to the Orlando shooting, but also stated: As for the Washington Post, we here at Late Night believe in freedom of the press and therefore have decided to stand in solidarity with them. So as long as the Washington Post is banned from Donald Trump s campaign, Donald Trump will be banned from ever coming on this show. Good on you, Seth. Hopefully that becomes a trend.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5862, Senate Democrats Launch A Filibuster Over Gun Reform (Live Video),"As Republicans stall any talks relating to gun reform or gun violence, Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy, who served at the time of the Sandy Hook tragedy, has taken to the floor of the Senate where a filibuster will be in place until the Republicans abandon their cowardice and do the right thing.Vowing to continue talking until something is done, Senator Murphy plainly put it:  I m at my wits end. I ve had enough. I ve stood on this floor dozens of times talking about this subject. Now often I come down to the tell the stories of the voices, the victims, of these gun homicides and these mass shootings, just to make sure everyone here knows who these people are. They are real people, with families. And so this isn t new to me, but I m at my wits end. I ve had enough. I ve had enough of the ongoing slaughter of innocence, and I ve had enough of inaction in this body. Interrupting consideration of the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Act, Murphy demanded that Senate Republicans take up a clean cut vote on closing the gun show loophole, and banning people on terrorist watch lists.Joining Senator Murphy was New Jersey Democrat Cory Booker, who pledged Democrats would hold the Senate floor until action is taken. Already two hours in, Democrats will not be budging.Senator Murphy s spokesman Chris Harris told reporters: Until private sales at gun shows and over the internet also require stringent background checks and unless suspected terrorists on the no fly list are prohibited from legally purchasing guns, our lax gun laws will continue to allow terrorists and criminals to amass a weapons stockpile. Sen. Murphy will remain on the floor demanding the Senate adopt these measures. Of course, Republicans chided Senator Murphy over the use of a filibuster, accusing him of delaying important voting matters. Before the start of the filibuster, Senate Democrats slipped in a provision in the Appropriations Act to ban watchlist suspects from buying a gun, and Republicans have accused Murphy of obstructing his own end-game.Who wants to bet Republicans would have blocked that appropriations bill because of the provision?Watch the filibuster, live stream, here:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5863, Lawrence O’Donnell BRUTALLY Sums Up How PAINFUL It Is To Be As Stupid As Trump (VIDEO),"On some level, one must sympathize with Donald Trump. The 70-year-old GOP nominee is too stupid to know he s stupid   and his followers are leaps and bounds beyond that. In a recent speech in Greensboro, North Carolina, Trump said something very telling about President Obama s remarks about the Orlando terrorist attack: Nobody at the end of that speech understood anything other than  boy, does he hate Donald Trump. What the President actually said makes perfect sense, if you re not Donald Trump or his legion of morons.  There has not been a moment in my seven and a half years as President where we have not been able to pursue a strategy because we didn t use the label,  radical Islam.  The President pointed out that none of his advisors has ever told him we will  turn that whole thing around  if he begins using the ridiculous Fox News-coined phrase that Trump keeps spewing. The phrase,  Radical Islam  isn t a strategy, Obama pointed out. It s a talking point.Naturally, this made Trump angry. Most people get upset when someone points out that they are mind-numbingly stupid. But MSNBC s Lawrence O Donnell saw something in Trump s response to Obama s words that perfectly explains why he is so angry all the time:You have every right to believe that that is exactly and only what Donald Trump got out of President Obama s speech. You have every right to believe Donald Trump didn t understand anything in the speech. When someone as rank ignorant as Donald Trump tells you he doesn t understand something, believe him.O Donnell cut back to a clip of Trump saying that  nobody  understood the clear and concise remarks.  That s the way I felt after the third week of Physics class,  the host said.  I didn t understand anything and it was a horrible feeling. Imagine feeling that every day, every day of your life. You don t understand anything. That is the very, very sad life of Donald Trump.  He continued:There he is confessing to the constant, merciless pain of not understanding anything. And it s very simple stuff Donald Trump is confessing he isn t understanding. It s very simple. Imagine what that s like, someone saying something that s very clear and concise   it still might be possible to disagree with in some way, but no one should have trouble understanding that. But Donald Trump told you today that he doesn t understand anything that President Obama said   nothing. Imagine how that must feel. Imagine how maddening that is. President Obama stand sup and speaks in clear, simple sentences and you understand not a word. That has to be truly maddening. Is that what is making Donald Trump so mad?  he asks.Have we finally nailed what makes Trump and his followers so irrationally angry about everything? Is it truly that they don t understand anything? Trump says he loves his  poorly educated  fans, and there s good reason for that   he s right there with them.Watch O Donnell bring down the hammer below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5864, Saudi Prince Reminds Donald Trump: I Bailed You Out – Twice,"While Donald Trump continues to paint himself as the anti-Saudi, anti-terrorist candidate, the truth is coming to light that he may in fact be financially beholden to the Saudi Royal Family.After Trump retweeted a photo-shopped image of Megyn Kelly, a Saudi woman (supposedly a member of the royal family) Prince Alwaleed bin Talal together, in which the image describes bin Talal as a  co-owner  of Fox News, the Prince had a few words to share:Trump:You base your statements on photoshopped pics?I bailed you out twice;a 3rd time,maybe?https://t.co/Raco0mvusp https://t.co/jStBl7Ghia        (@Alwaleed_Talal) January 28, 2016Indeed, Prince Alwaleed (who only has a one percent stake in Fox News   hardly a co-owner) included news snippets in his tweets. One news story was the fact he had to buy Trump s yacht, which had recently been turned over to creditors when it fell a staggering $900 million in debt.Alwaleed also included the story of how he bought Trump Plaza Hotel in New York after promising to erase the mogul s debt. Calling it a  defeat for the real estate developer,  The New York Times reports that the outstanding debt accumulated form the hotel around $300 million, yet the Prince was able to buy it down to roughly $25 million.There are two questions everyone should be asking. One, how did Trump run up $900 million in debt over a yacht, and how did he acquire $300 million of debt from a world famous hotel? Second, how can anymore expect Trump to be  tough  on the Saudis and the Royal Family when he owes them millions of dollars?Can you imagine the outrage from Republicans if President Obama had over a billion dollars worth of debt paybacks to the Saudi Royal Family? Republicans though, always the hypocrites, are choosing to turn a blind eye to the issue, instead the continue to believe everything the blowhard says.Another conflict of interest, out of dozens now pending against the presidential nominee, arises again. Once more, the Republican candidate shows how inept he is at his own financials. And he again shows that he gets his information completely from the media.Alwaleed, a Trump-Kasich supporter, has had a few Twitter spats with the Saudi Prince, after the billionaire (and heavily indebted) called for a ban on Muslims in the United States, and Trump responded by calling him  dopey  and told him that his  daddy s money  couldn t persuade him   how ironic.Featured image via Olli Scarff/Getty Images",0
5865," Republican Leaders Turn On Trump, Side With President Obama","Donald Trump is becoming a liability to the Republican Party, so GOP leaders are backing away from their nominee and aligning themselves with President Obama s condemnation of his Muslim ban.Ever since Trump became the nominee, Republicans have been torn between kissing his ass and distancing themselves from his hateful rhetoric. But ever since the Orlando mass shooting, Republicans have been finding themselves stuck between a rock and a hard place.Trump renewed his call to ban Muslims from entering the United States and expanded the idea by calling for banning anybody from a nation that has a history of terrorism against the United States. That could technically mean Japan and Germany as well as many other nations that are now our allies.Trump also claimed that President Obama is weak on terrorism because he hasn t used certain words to somehow make ISIS magically disappear.In response, President Obama took Trump to the woodshed. What exactly would using this language accomplish?  Obama angrily asked.  What exactly would it change? Would it make ISIL less committed to try and kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is none of the above. Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away. President Obama also strongly condemned Trump s proposed ban on Muslims. Are we going to start treating all Muslim-Americans differently? Are we going to start subjecting them to special surveillance? Are we going to start discriminating them because of their faith? We ve heard these suggestions during the course of this campaign. Do Republican officials actually agree with this? Because that s not the America we want. It doesn t reflect our Democratic ideals. It will make us less safe. And in a stunning move, many Republicans have joined President Obama to condemn Trump. I do not think a Muslim ban is in our country s interest,  House Speaker Paul Ryan responded.  I do not think it is reflective of our principles, not just as a party but as a country. Traditionally, it is a time when people rally around our country, and it s obviously not what s occurred, and it s very disappointing,  said Senator Bob Corker.  It wasn t the type (of address) that one would expect a person who is wanting to lead the greatest nation in the world to make.Senator Lindsey Graham also expressed a lack of confidence in Trump s leadership qualifications. I don t think he has the judgment or the temperament, the experience to deal with what we are facing,  he said.GOP Rep. Adam Kinzinger also condemned Trump perhaps more strongly than his GOP colleagues. I guess I appreciate Mr. Trump s fieriness in talking about it, but you don t do it by alienating the very people that we need, and those are moderate Muslims. We have to use the folks that frankly are not radicalized, which is the vast majority of Muslims, to win this war. Kinzinger would know since, unlike Trump, he served his country by fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan as a pilot. He knows that it s important to have Muslim allies on the ground feeding intelligence and offering support to our troops.Arizona Rep. Jeff Flake also criticized Trump and pointed out that he has to do better if he wants to get enough votes in November. He s won 13 million votes total so far; he s got to get 65 million or so to win the general election, which includes a lot of independents and Republicans that don t feel as he does. He can t win the general election talking the way he is. And these reactions are just the tip of the iceberg. Yet somehow, many of these Republicans STILL support Trump as the nominee and standard-bearer of their party.But that doesn t change the fact that for the first time Republicans and President Obama have united in agreement on something. Donald Trump is dangerous and he is unqualified to be president. It s just up to Republicans whether or not he remains the nominee. But if they continue to support him, it will be up to the American electorate to make sure he never becomes president and that the Republicans who continue to support him are thrown out of office.Featured Image: Pete Souza",0
5866," Trump Tries To Court The Gay Community, Instead They Trend #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty (TWEETS)","In the wake of the horrific Orlando shooting that targeted the LGBTQ venue Pulse Nightclub, most GOP politicians have avoided any mention of the fact that this was an anti-LGBTQ hate crime. They can t say anything about it; after all, because they share much of the same sort of intolerance as the shooter did. However, their presumptive nominee made a MASSIVE mistake in the wake of all of this, and actually made the laughable claim that he would be a better ally to LGBTQ people than Hillary Clinton would. That s a pretty funny claim, considering the fact that his party is full of gay hating imbeciles, and they have written anti-gay hate into their official party platform.None of that phases Trump though, and he took to his Twitter account to try to cozy up to the gays:Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2016Well, the LGBTQ community on Twitter was having none of it, and the #LGBTQhatesTrumpParty hashtag was born. The tweets are just as fabulous as you would expect. Here are just a few of the best ones:Make America Great Again = ""A time when opportunity and dignity were reserved for some, not for all."" https://t.co/J0MO0aEnGz  dre (@leggomydezzo) June 15, 2016#LGBTQHatesTrumpParty <  this is the most amazing hashtag ever and the GIFs are FIERCE! pic.twitter.com/YBLSx4Uez1  Goldie Taylor (@goldietaylor) June 14, 2016I'm sailing into the #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty like  pic.twitter.com/Wq9KQRp7da  Chris Schleicher (@cschleichsrun) June 15, 2016This Is Funny ???#LGBTQHatesTrumpParty pic.twitter.com/ylV0M9BGVe  Julie   Daniel (@JujusBeanies) June 15, 2016Serving Mexican food! #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty pic.twitter.com/WfdcVBUKkW  Sara Spector (@Miriam2626) June 15, 2016We're not buying Orange Hitler's act because when they came for the Jews they also came for the gays. #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty  Memeographs (@memeographs) June 15, 2016walk up to the #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty like pic.twitter.com/L8meBFVhSO  golden state spice (@goldengateblond) June 15, 2016When @realDonaldTrump says he'll be better for ""the gays"" than @HillaryClinton. #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty pic.twitter.com/bhis3BN4es  Jeffrey Correa (@JCorreaNYC) June 15, 2016Me at the #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty pic.twitter.com/eqIQqzlozD  Get Involved (@onerebeldevil) June 15, 2016When the #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty is winding down but the alcohol starts to kick in@MADBLACKTWINK pic.twitter.com/70fGu9KeIN  DCHomos (@DCHomos) June 15, 2016#LGBTQHatesTrumpParty The face that launched a thousand projectile-vomits says he can be trusted by LGBTQ's. Yep. pic.twitter.com/rtAIIfhFDp  Saint Brian (@AWorldOutOfMind) June 15, 2016I might have come in too hot. #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty pic.twitter.com/EuOfHsecKO  Girls Really Rule. (@girlsreallyrule) June 15, 2016And the tweets keep rolling in. Trump is no friend of LGBTQ people, as no GOPer could ever be a true friend to us. It s just more pandering and lies. It s especially silly to suggest he d be better for LGBTQ people than Hillary considering that Democrats have full LGBTQ equality as part of their official party platform, while the GOP has nothing but hate for queer people in theirs.So, don t believe the orange monster, folks. Come on over to Twitter and join us for the #LGBTQHatesTrumpParty!Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5867," Newt Gingrich: Forget NSA Spying, Bring Back The House Un-American Activities Committee (VIDEO)","Trump fanboy Newt Gingrich thinks that the best way to root out terrorists and potential terrorists in the U.S. is to take us back to the days of the Red Scare and McCarthyism, and create a new House Un-American Activities Committee. Speaking on Fox & Friends (because of course), he said: We passed several laws in 1938 and 1939 to go after Nazis and we made it illegal to help the Nazis. We re going to presently have to go take the similar steps here. Pssst Newt it was Nazis and communists, and then they went solely after suspected communists for decades after that, often ruining innocent people s lives in the process.The House Un-American Activities Committee was possibly the most un-American government body ever dreamed up. They relentlessly went after anyone in the general population they suspected of being a communist, or of having communist ties, issued subpoenas to those people, and then grilled them for hours on end. They asked about a  suspect s  political beliefs and activities, and to give them the names of others who might have been involved in subversive activities.Failure to comply meant getting sent to prison for contempt of Congress. Victims of the committee would also lose their jobs, and their employers would blacklist them, making it impossible for them to get another job once they were out of prison.In short, the House Un-American Activities Committee was engaged in a decades-long witch hunt.And that is what Newt Gingrich wants to bring back. Oh, sure, it s all for the safety of the country, so nobody should really object, right? Wrong. He d change his tune real quick if he were pulled in front of just such a committee and then saw his life ruined for it. Watch his interview below, via Media Matters for America:Featured image by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5868, GOP’s Stunning Reactions To Trump’s Remarks On Orlando Show That His Election Chances Are Dead,"As the GOP presidential nominee, Republicans have, as of late, been grudgingly getting behind Donald Trump. Following the massacre in Orlando, though, it seems that Senate Republicans can t stomach the thought of even mentioning Trump s name anymore. On Capitol Hill, the mood is one of depression, fatigue, and giving up and of simmering anger.Instead of being classy and offering condolences, or even just saying he was saddened at the loss of so many lives, Trump gloated over being right about radical Islam, and said we need toughness and vigilance. Then he expanded his  ban all Muslims  policy proposal to include people from any country with any history of terrorism, and said he d accomplish that through executive order.Can we say  despotic? He also blamed Obama for the attack by calling him weak, and insinuating he might even be helping the terrorists.That might be what his drone-like fans want to hear, but putting the blame on Obama was what sent Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) over the edge on Trump. He told Politico: I m not going to be commenting on presidential candidates today. That s it. That s all. He s spent a lot of time explaining what Trump needs to do differently, and how he needs to tone it down, and it s fallen on deaf ears. So, at least for a day, McConnell is done.Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-TX), the number two Republican in the Senate, also brushed off any discussion of Trump   except he s so sick of the guy that he went several steps further than McConnell. He doesn t plan on talking about Trump at all for the next five months. He ended his talk with Politico by saying: Wish me luck. He s going to need it.Senator Bob Corker (R-TN), whose name has been bandied about as a possible VP pick for Trump, is upset about what Trump said during a foreign policy speech following Orlando. Politico says Corker is normally very talkative, but he would only say: I don t know that I really have a lot to say. Apparently he said that twice, but he eventually spoke a little bit about King Trump s speech: It wasn t the type (of address) that one would expect a person who is wanting to lead the greatest nation in the world to make. Fifty people have perished, and [53] more have been harmed. Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Richard Burr (R-NC) had nothing to say about Trump at all, according to Politico, except for a hurried comment from Burr about going to read Trump s speech. He then disappeared into an elevator.Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) also slammed Trump s remarks, saying: I think his comments are inappropriate when the nation is in mourning over the worst terrorism attack that we ve had since 9/11. She s not even sure she ll be able to make herself vote for Trump, according to Politico.Trump s more outspoken critics on Capitol Hill, such as Senators Jeff Flake (R-AZ) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC), continued to be outspoken as they slammed Trump s reaction to Orlando. But it was Flake s comments that hint at the strong possibility that Trump just sounded the death knell for his own campaign: He s won 13 million votes total so far; he s got to get 65 million or so to win the general election, which includes a lot of independents and Republicans that don t feel as he does. He can t win the general election talking the way he is. The latest Bloomberg poll shows Hillary Clinton leading Trump nationally by 12 points. Bloomberg says that Orlando has had little effect on the 2016 campaign, but that s likely to change as Trump continues to try and talk tough and falls flat on face with those who are reluctant about supporting him.Senate Republicans have been hoping for months that he would stop being the offensive, bombastic candidate that embodies everything shameful about America s conservative wing. But he s a particular problem for the Senate, because he could end up being the reason Republicans lose both the White House and the Senate in November.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5869, Poll: Clinton Ahead Of Trump By A Staggering 12 Points,"These last several weeks, the American people have gotten a taste of what they d be getting with a Clinton or a Trump presidency. And, not surprisingly, they overwhelmingly prefer a Clinton presidency.According to a new poll released from Bloomberg, Hillary Clinton crushes right-wing blowhard Donald Trump by a whopping 12 points, 49-37 percent.Not only does the poll show Clinton with a commanding lead, 55 percent of respondents said they could never vote for Donald Trump. Astoundingly, 63 percent of women polled said they could never vote for him. Republicans need to figure out their next move quickly, because there is no way in hell their candidate can win if more than half of the country refuses to vote for him. Seeing that the poll was conducted when the shooting in Florida happened, Trump, hoping to cash in on a wave of fear, has a rude awakening.And the new poll shows Trump s biggest area of support, white men, may not be enough:For his part, Trump is winning 50 percent support from white men, compared to 33 percent for Clinton and 13 percent for Johnson. He s getting 54 percent support among evangelical Christians, while Clinton gets 36 percent from that group.White men are among Trump s strongest demographics. But even there he s not showing as much strength as the party s last nominee, Mitt Romney, who beat Obama in 2012 by 62 percent to 35 percent among white men, according to exit pollsLibertarian candidate Gary Johnson takes a commanding 9 percent of the vote, while 4 percent remain unsure and 1 percent said they will not be voting. It s no secret that Johnson s lead can be attributed to Trump s alienation of non-crazy Republicans.Ann Selzer, who oversaw the poll, said: Clinton has a number of advantages in this poll, in addition to her lead. Her supporters are more enthusiastic than Trump s and more voters overall see her becoming a more appealing candidate than say that for Trump. And what s even better: Americans aren t buying into Trump s racism and bigotry:Trump s suggestions that Obama hasn t taken forceful enough action to stop domestic terrorism because he sides with Muslims landed with a thud for the majority of Americans, with 61 percent disagreeing with the suggestion. A strong majority 69 percent also disagree that law enforcement agencies should increase surveillance of all American Muslims, even if it conflicts with civil liberties.While Trump is only slightly favored to handle issues of terrorism and violence, Clinton isn t far behind. And as the nation continues to be exposed to Trump s extremist  policies  on how to handle such situations, Clinton s numbers could rise.Trump is in trouble, and Republicans know it. If he keeps this up, he may very well end up being the next Barry Goldwater.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5870, Anderson Cooper Rips Florida’s Attorney General For Her Anti-LGBT Hypocrisy – To Her Face (VIDEO),"As Republicans cry phony, crocodile tears over the 49 slain LGBT citizens in Orlando, Anderson Cooper had just about enough, and Pam Bondi, Florida s Attorney General, felt the wrath.While interviewing Bondi, Cooper quickly turned the tables on the Trump supporter when she expressed her support for the LGBT community following the terrorist attack on Pulse.Cooper, who is openly gay, let her have it right away in his opening question: I saw you the other day saying that anyone who attacks the LGBT community, our LGBT community, you said will be gone after with the fullest extent of the law. I talked to a lot of gay and lesbian people here yesterday who are not fans of yours and who said that they thought you were being a hypocrite, that you for years have fought against   basically you have gone after gay people and have said in court that gay people, simply by fighting for marriage equality, were trying to do harm to the people of Florida, to induce public harm I believe is the term you used in court. Do you really think you re the champion of the gay community? Bondi, who was almost rendered speechless, quickly pivoted to defending her bigotry, stating that she had an obligation under the Florida Constitution to defend marriage as being between one man and one woman. Bondi then chastised Cooper for making her look like she hates gay people.But Anderson Cooper wouldn t let her off the hook. he reminded her that her use of the term  public harm  was in of itself harmful to the LGBT community, and when Bondi tried to backtrack, and Cooper again called her out for it, she did what any conservative would do   she blamed it on her lawyer.Moving on, Cooper then blasted her over the  sick irony  that Bondi set up a help center for the married LGBT couples who lost a spouse in the attack when her defense of banning same-sex marriage would not have allowed them such access. As usual, she pivoted, saying her position is not a champion of the LGBT movement, but to  human beings who have lost their lives. This might be the best interview Anderson Cooper has ever done because it exposes the hypocrisy, the phony, ill natured opportunism of the Republican Party.Watch the interview here:Featured image via Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images",0
5871, Trump Accuses American Soldiers Of Stealing Millions Of Dollars Of Aid Money In Iraq (VIDEO),"From the very outset of Trump s improbable political career one thing has been abundantly clear: His contempt for the American soldier borders on pathological.While he occasionally gets goaded into praising the troops (with all the enthusiasm of a hostage held at gunpoint), the Republican nominee, who deferred his own military service in Vietnam a number of times, more often than not shows nothing but outright disgust for them. He famously accused John McCain of being a loser because he was captured and tortured by the North Vietnamese (while Trump was sitting out the war). He more recently used the military to avoid partaking in an uncomfortable primary debate and then refused to give veterans the money he raised until he was exposed.And now, in a moment that is sure to be Hillary Clinton s very next campaign ad, Trump accused unnamed Iraq War veterans of stealing millions of dollars from the U.S. government that was meant to help rebuild the war-torn country. If it s not immediately obvious, that would be a massive crime. Trump tossed around the accusation almost casually.Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump, ladies and gentlemen: Iraq, crooked as hell. How about bringing baskets of money? Millions and millions of dollars and handing it out? I want to know, who were the soldiers who had that job? Because I think they re living very well right now. Trump, as could be expected, offers absolutely zero proof that this took place. Another conspiracy to add to his vault full of them.In fact, the soldiers who returned home from Iraq are not doing  very well right now.  Having served their country in a war without a clear objective, they got back to discover that the Republicans who sent them there now had no interest in helping them. Struggling with war injuries both physical and psychological, high rates of suicide and devastating unemployment, the veterans of the most wealthy nation on earth were kicked to the curb.In 2014, Senate Republicans unilaterally killed a  sweeping $21 billion bill  that would have  expanded medical, educational and other benefits  for these troops. Their reasoning? It s an  entitlement  that we cannot afford.Republicans have charged the bill was too expensive and disputed the way it would be paid for with overseas contingency operations funds used to fund the war in Afghanistan. And that, Republicans argued, wouldn t amount to real savings, since the money wouldn t have been spent anyway with the war winding down by year s end.If there were baskets of money sent to Iraq. It certainly doesn t seem like the troops who served there came home with any.Kudos to Donald Trump. In a week where one might have assumed accusing the President of the United States of helping ISIS was the lowest thing he could do, he managed to dig a little deeper. It s a wonder he has any supporters left.UPDATE: As expected, Donald Trump s campaign has rushed to do damage control. Spokesperson Hope Hicks claimed Trump was referring to Iraqi soldiers, not American ones. A blatant lie given the exact quote (go back and re-read it), but undermined even further by the fact that, as Charles Johnson of Little Green Footballs noted, Trump has previously made a similar claim about American soldiers stealing money (as far back as 2015).He also suggested that some American soldiers charged with distributing money to fund the Afghan and Iraqi government embezzled it instead.  I want to know who are the soldiers carrying suitcases with $50m?  asked Trump.  How stupid are we? I wouldn t be surprised if those soldiers, if the cash didn t get there. Trump doesn t even have the guts to stand by what he said. Sad!Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
5872, Orlando Police: Good Guys With Guns Might Have Killed Some Of The Victims,"One of the NRA s biggest talking points might have just been debunked, by the Orlando police. It appears as though the brutal massacre in Orlando might gave actually been more deadly because of the involvement of police.The police allegedly screwed up on two different fronts early Sunday morning, when they took more than three hours to storm the club and some of the casualties may have been from the bullets fired by the first responders.(Orlando Police Chief, John Mina said)  I will say that is all part of the investigation. But I will say when our SWAT officers, about eight or nine officers, opened fire, their backdrop was a concrete wall. And they were being fired upon, so that is all part of the investigation. We had a team of crisis negotiators that talked to the suspect, trying to get as much information as possible, what we could do to help resolve the situation  He wasn t asking a whole lot, and we were doing most of the asking,  Mina said.But Mateen soon began talking about explosives and bombs, leading Mina to decide about 5am to detonate an explosive on an exterior wall to prevent potentially greater loss of life.The explosives did not penetrate the wall completely, so an armored vehicle was used to punch a two-foot-by-three-foot hole in the wall about two feet from the ground. We knew there would be an imminent loss of life,  Mina said.Source: Daily MailThe intent of this article is not to second guess the Orlando police, not at all. But, this does completely debunk the NRA s (and Republicans ) good guy with a gun theory. Inside a crowded nightclub, it s hard to know where bullets are coming from and it s easy to accidentally hurt people you didn t mean to. This is from trained professionals   imagine a bunch of untrained civilians with handguns.Donald Trump and others say that if there were more guns that fateful morning, there would have been fewer casualties. If you had guns in that room, if you had   even if you had a number of people having them strapped to their ankle or strapped to their waist where bullets could have flown in the other direction right at him, you wouldn t have had that tragedy,  Trump said.Source: Huffington PostThere actually was a good guy with a gun there, there was an armed security guard, but he wan t able to prevent over 100 casualties. There s absolutely no chance that an entire club filled with armed patrons wouldn t have ended even worse than the tragic outcome we already had. The FBI knows this. In fact, a 2005 study found that people who run and call the police have a much better chance of survival than people who try to stand up to a shooter. This is a direct contradiction to a study done earlier by the very same person that is often quoted by the NRA. In other words, good guys with guns can be very dangerous in situations with bad guys with guns. The Orlando police admit it. It s time the NRA does too.Featured image of presumed  good guy with a gun  via Getty Images. ",0
5873, WATCH: Fox Host Unexpectedly Declares Support Of Assault Weapon Ban On The Air,"When even Fox News begins to call for gun control, it s a clear sign that Republicans and the NRA better start compromising.Gretchen Carlson has been one of the most vocal hosts on the conservative network for years, and she has consistently toed the Republican Party line throughout her years as co-host of Fox & Friends and now throughout her tenure hosting her own solo program.But in the wake of a domestic terrorist attack that killed 50 people in an Orlando night club this past weekend, Carlson could no longer sit back and be a puppet for the gun nuts, which is why she went totally off script during her show and declared her support for banning assault weapons such as the AR-15 used in the massacre. There s no doubt Omar Mateen was able to kill so many people because he was firing an AR-15,  Carlson said.  A military-style assault weapon, a weapon easier to buy in the state of Florida than buying a handgun. Florida sets a three day waiting period for purchasing handguns, but the state mandates no waiting period for any gun that requires two hands to hold. Carlson s remarks on Florida gun laws appear to be a rebuke of Florida Governor Rick Scott, who not only just offered thoughts and prayers instead of acting to prevent future mass shootings in response to Orlando, he s the one who weakened Florida s gun laws over the last five years.Carlson further justified her stance by pointing out that 58 percent of Americans support a ban on assault weapons. Do we need AR-15s to hunt and kill deer? Do we need them to protect our families?  she continued.  I m in favor of people being able to carry. I think some of these mass shootings would have been less deadly if that were the case. But despite her support of Second Amendment rights, Carlson said banning assault weapons is just  common sense  and stated that it is time for Americans to take a stand in order to prevent mass shootings in the future. But I m also with the majority today, taking a stand. Can t we hold true the sanctity of the Second Amendment while still having common sense? 89 percent of Fox viewers, however, refused to shake off the brainwashing the NRA has drilled into them over the years by overwhelmingly rejecting passage of a new assault weapons ban.Here s the video via YouTube.America once did have a ban on assault weapons in place, but Republicans let it expire and refused to renew it. And mass shootings have increased ever since.According to the New Century Foundation in 2012,In the eight years since the Assault Weapons Ban has expired, there have been 28 mass shooting events. That equals an average of 3.5 a year an increase of over 200 percent. That is a startling jump, by any measure.During the ten year duration of the ban between 1994 and 2004, there were 15 mass shootings. In 2015 alone there were at least six major mass shootings that occurred, more depending on what statistics and definition you use. So this is a continuing problem that isn t going away by praying. It s going to take action such as the action taken by Australia in 1996. After five mass shootings between 1987 and 1996, the country finally had enough of the carnage and banned assault weapons. There hasn t been a mass shooting ever since.But it s different in the United States. We have a Second Amendment, therefore it is harder to ban guns entirely. However, banning assault weapons isn t the only change we could demand. We also need better background checks and we need law enforcement to have the ability to ban people from having guns if they are on the terrorist watch list. Had Republicans not refused to do that latter action, perhaps those 50 people would be alive today because Mateen, who was an ISIS sympathizer, would not have been able to legally buy the AR-15 he used to slaughter them.Gretchen Carlson deserves props for supporting a ban on assault weapons, even though she definitely risks being fired for doing so.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
5874, Donald Trump Wants To Jail All Americans Who Refuse To Spy On Neighbors,"According to Donald Trump and far too many on the right, the biggest problem in this country is political correctness, and if it weren t for the damn refusal of everyone to narc on their neighbors, we d have no problems whatsoever. In San Bernardino, people knew what was going on, they knew exactly, but they used the excuse of racial profiling for not reporting it,  Trump said during a speech in the wake of the Orlando mass shooting.It wasn t people, exactly, it was one neighbor, who noticed only that the family received quite a few packages and that they were doing work out of their garage. Of course, that describes every socially awkward Amazon junkie neighbor I have, or nearly everyone in the 21st Century, but hey, the woman should have reported that to the police, right? According to Trump, that should have been her legal duty.A man who claimed to be friends with this neighbor said she did not report the packages and the behavior to authorities because she  didn t want to do any kind of racial profiling. In Trump s America, however, that woman would face serious consequences.  We need to make sure every single person involved in this plan, including anyone who knew something, but didn t tell us, is brought to justice,  Trump said in New Hampshire.  These people need to have consequences, big consequences. Source: Huffington PostThink about that for a moment. This is coming from the same party that thinks we shouldn t have hate crime laws because gunning down over 100 LGBT people is just a  thought crime.  Trump, who also wants to ban all Muslims and deport anyone with dark skin, wants anyone who hates their neighbors and all their damn UPS packages to call the cops, or perhaps go to jail. Maybe we can call that the  Minority Report  law, which would serve two purposes. We can turn in neighbors for crimes we imagine might happen, and bonus points if the neighbor we report belongs to a minority.There is actually a law on the book that would deal with neighbors who are aware of a crime happening or about to happen  it s called aiding and abetting. It would take a big stretch of the right-wing of the law, though, to call knowledge of package delivery and tinkering in one s garage, as helping commit a crime. Trump, though, appears to have no issues with throwing down the gauntlet of the law over virtually every offense. If you ve ever needed proof he s running for Dictator in Chief, this should be it.Truthfully, Trump s entire reaction to the horrific shooting in Orlando, in which 49 people were slaughtered and 52 people injured, shows how unqualified Trump is for president. First, he congratulated himself, then, he reaffirmed his ban on Muslims, then, he blamed the President. Now, he s blaming neighbors. He ll blame everyone but the hatred that he s directly fueling.Featured image via Gerardo Mora at Getty Images",0
5875, Joy Behar STUNS Audience As She Calls Donald Trump Out For Treason (VIDEO),"While discussing Donald Trump on ABC s The View, the ladies all had very strong opinions about Donald Trump, and to be honest, none of them are good, and with good reason.They discussed his blatant racism to the tragedy that unfolded at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. They also discussed Trump s horrific rhetoric surrounding the event, and how he wrongfully went after President Obama.Joy Behar then interjects with a question that should make everyone think long and hard about Trump s use of language: Do you think that because he is the  recruiter-in-chief,  and by his words he s getting more people to go on the side of ISIS, that he could be considered treasonous? It was then that an audible gasp can be heard from the crowd, either from those in agreement, or those stunned that she would say such a thing. But here s the thing   she s not wrong.Trump s vile rhetoric is being used in recruitment videos by ISIS, so not only is he not cut out to be Commander-in-Chief, but his remarks are actually being used in an upsurge in violence against the very nation he wishes to lead.Treason, by definition, is the crime of betraying one s country, and by aiding ISIS with his language, he could be considered doing just that.So, Joy, very good question.Watch the ladies of The View go after Trump here:Our co-hosts react to Donald Trump s proposed immigration ban post Orlando shooting: https://t.co/WmNRJ4e4ZY  The View (@TheView) June 14, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5876, NRA Breaks Silence On Orlando By Claiming ‘Political Correctness’ Caused The Massacre,"As is typical for the NRA whenever there s a high-profile shooting, they waited days before issuing a real statement on Orlando. They likely do this so they can craft a statement that makes themselves and all gun owners out to be the real victims, instead of calling the shooting what it was and using their considerable clout to work on doing something real about it.In the case of the Orlando massacre, they re saying Obama s politically correct refusal to actually go after radical Islamic terrorists is what caused this. Chris Cox, executive director of the NRA s Institute for Legislative Action (NRA-ILA), wrote an op-ed that was published in USA Today about the whole tragedy. As expected, he toed the party line instead of saying something of substance. But the real gem was the second paragraph: The terrorist in Orlando had been investigated multiple times by the FBI. He had a government-approved security guard license with a contractor for the Department of Homeland Security. Yet his former co-workers reported violent and racist comments. Unfortunately, the Obama administration s political correctness prevented anything from being done about it. Funny thing is, he just debunked the NRA s whole argument that this is Obama s fault right there. By mentioning how Omar Mateen was on the FBI s radar for possible ties to terrorist groups, Cox completely destroyed his own argument. Mateen was able to get his guns legally despite having been the subject of two FBI investigations for ties to radical Islamic groups because of the NRA, not Obama, and certainly not  political correctness. Mateen had no criminal record and already had a concealed carry permit as a licensed security officer. It s not clear whether he was on any terror watch lists, but even if he had been, he may still have been legally able to buy guns. Senate Republicans might have been able to stop this, but instead, they killed a bill that would have prevented suspected terrorists from buying guns last year, on the grounds that it would only hurt innocent Americans who happen to end up on that list for no reason.They ll do anything to maintain their A+ ratings with the NRA. Who cares who dies? The NRA s blessings are the only things that matter here.For its own part, the NRA-ILA once wrote about a study saying criminals don t get their guns legally anyway. The implication there is that we can t stop criminals from getting guns, so everything we could do to prevent even some criminals from getting guns is pointless.In fact, the NRA s policies actually serve to arm criminals, potential terrorists and other violent people more easily. John Fugelsang said it perfectly with this tweet:Guns don t kill ppl, but NRA ppl who own Congress ppl make it very easy for deranged ppl to get guns & kill innocent ppl.  John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) June 14, 2016But we don t need a tweet to prove this. The Coalition To Stop Gun Violence has a list of all the ways the NRA s work actually arms dangerous people:For details on just how the NRA accomplishes each of these items, click on the link above.The laxness that allowed Mateen to get his guns exists because of the NRA s  more guns everywhere  crusade. The massacre at the Pulse nightclub didn t happen because Obama is too weak and politically correct to do something about radical Islamic terrorism. It happened in large part because the NRA created the very environment that allowed Mateen to get his guns. To blame Obama and his  political correctness  is a gross and disgusting insult to everyone who has died at the hands of someone with a gun. Guns don t kill people, people kill people,  is what the NRA s entire agenda boils down to. But a gun makes it far, far easier for a murderer to murder. The NRA is cold and callous, and Cox s attempt to twist this into a problem of  political correctness  is absolutely vile.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5877, President Obama Furiously Blasts Trump And GOP For Blaming All Muslims For Terrorism,"President Obama is pissed off and he took Republicans and their nominee to the woodshed on Tuesday for inciting hate against all Muslims and insisting that describing terrorists using certain words will make the threat disappear.Ever since the mass shooting in Orlando, Republicans and Donald Trump have suggested that President Obama is weak on terrorism because he hasn t said the words,  radical Islamic terrorism. Apparently tired of hearing this line of bullshit, President Obama struck back with logic and reason during remarks at the Treasury Department. What exactly would using this language accomplish? What exactly would it change? Would it make ISIL less committed to try and kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is none of the above. Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away. This is a political distraction,  Obama continued before making it clear to anyone who thinks the administration is  confused  should tell that to all the terrorists who have been killed or captured by our military. The men and women who put their lives at risk and the Special Forces I ordered to get bin Laden and are now on the ground in Iraq and in Syria   they know full well who the enemy is. So do the intelligence and law enforcement officers who spent countless hours disrupting plots. And protecting all Americans, including politicians who tweet, and appear on cable news shows. They know what the nature of the enemy is. So there s no magic to the phrase  radical Islam.  It s a political talking point. Clearly, Obama was taking aim squarely at Donald Trump without even saying his name by talking about  politicians who tweet. But President Obama had more strong words to say to Republicans and Trump on the subject of discriminating against all Muslim for the actions of one in Orlando. We are now seeing how dangerous this kind of mindset and this kind of thinking can be,  Obama said in reference to Trump s renewing his hateful call to ban all Muslims from entering the country.  We re starting to see where this kind of rhetoric and loose talk and sloppiness about who exactly we re fighting, where this can lead us. Are we going to start treating all Muslim-Americans differently? Are we going to start subjecting them to special surveillance? Are we going to start discriminating them because of their faith? We ve heard these suggestions during the course of this campaign. Do Republican officials actually agree with this? Because that s not the America we want. It doesn t reflect our Democratic ideals. It will make us less safe. Here s the video via YouTube:President Obama has rarely displayed flashes of impatience or anger in response to the Republican Party, but after Trump and the GOP have started to suggest that Obama is helping the terrorists, it appears President Obama is done taking shit from them at a time when he is busy trying to take out ISIS leaders even as Republicans continue to refuse to do their part by declaring war.Indeed, if Republicans believe terrorism is such a big threat, one would think they would take the step of declaring war so that President Obama can use all the tools at his disposal to destroy the terrorists and present a united White House and Congress to the American people on this serious issue.But Trump and Republicans would rather play partisan games instead of doing their jobs to protect the American people.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5878, Former Republican Senator Endorses Hillary Clinton After Orlando Shooting,"After the horrific attacks that claimed 50 lives and wounded 53 others in Orlando, the nation was given two options: a leader who would respond with swift, collected action, or a reality TV host whose answer is (again) to ban all Muslims.Well that was enough for one former Republican Senator. After listening to the two different candidates, Larry Pressler, who served in the United States Senate from South Dakota for 18 years, decided he would be endorsing Hillary Clinton for the presidency.The moderate Republican, who lost reelection to Democrat Tim Johnson, arrived at the decision after coming to the conclusion that the United States need complete universal background checks and a ban on assault weapons after the shooting. He was even shocked at himself for endorsing Clinton:I can t believe I m endorsing Hillary Clinton for president, but I am. This morning I woke up and told my wife,  Did I really do that?  But I did. If someone had told be 10 years ago I would do this, I wouldn t have believed them.Pressler slammed Donald Trump for his Nazi German rhetoric and the Republican Party over stonewalling gun control conversations, saying the party is disenfranchising him and other Republicans who want to see change.We need to go the route of more gun control as a result of Orlando and all the other shootings that have occurred. But it s almost as though Republicans are saying gun control shouldn t be part of the conversation at all   This election is starting to sound like the German elections in the late 1920s. This is a very dangerous national conversation we re slipping into.Pressler, a Mormon, also says Trump is making Mormons uneasy over his rhetoric, and says he knows all too well what religion persecution brings.Republicans have lost another of their own due to Trump s dangerous demagoguery, and more will certainly follow. Congratulations, NRA, you re helping gun-weary Republicans see the light of your evils and manipulation.Featured image via Amy Sussman/Getty Images",0
5879, WATCH: CNN Smacks Down Rudy Giuliani So Hard He Starts Blaming President Obama For Shootings,"Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani had his ass handed to him so badly that he resorted to spouting Trump talking points to distract from the whipping he just received.During an appearance on CNN on Tuesday, host Chris Cuomo slammed Giuliani for refusing to say the word  gay  in reference to the Orlando mass shooting that occurred over the weekend, thus following other Republicans like Mitch McConnell and Florida Governor Rick Scott who would rather pretend there is no such thing as gay people.Giuliani claimed not saying the word is okay because President Obama won t say  radical Islamic terrorism.  But Cuomo had the perfect response to that bullshit by asking Giuliani how he would feel if people referred to mob violence as radical Italian terrorism. Calling this gay and not using that word and not running away from it because of some sense of identity politics is wrong and you agree with that,  Cuomo began. Saying  radical Islamic terror    you used an analogy, let me reverse it on you. If every time the mafia made a killing or a murder, they said  well, those Italians, well there s something about  em, and the mob. There s something about the Giuliani and the Cuomo.  How would you have felt? You would have been disgusted. It s one of the things that motivated you as a prosecutor to distinguish the mafia from the rest of the Italians. That is the same point, is it not? That you can t talk about all of Islam you talk about these perversions. Of course, Giuliani claimed that they weren t the same thing but Cuomo quickly countered,  But if you said  radical Italian murders They call themselves the Islamic State,  Giuliani said, which gave Cuomo the opening he needed to smack down the right-wing mayor for making ISIS happy. They do because they want the credit of owning the religion,  Cuomo informed Giuliani.  They want that. Why would you give them what they want? Rather than admit that he s helping ISIS in their crusade to own Islam, Giuliani quickly changed the subject to blaming President Obama for the attacks in Orlando and San Bernardino and repeating Trump s suggestion that President Obama is in league with the terrorists.Cuomo didn t buy the bullshit Giuliani was trying to sell. I think there s some politics being played with this. With Donald Trump coming out and seeming to suggest that President Obama has some sympathy, some compromise personally that doesn t keep him from being tough. With all the troops, with taking out OBL (Osama Bin Laden), I mean, it just doesn t seem like the right kind of rhetoric. I don t think if you were running you would ever suggest anything like that about a Commander in Chief. But Giuliani just continued to blame President Obama and claimed he is weak on terror, conveniently forgetting that the 9/11 attacks occurred on his own watch as NYC mayor in 2001. President Bush was also in charge on that day, yet Giuliani somehow believes that Bush was strong against terrorism despite the fact that 3,000 Americans died that day in attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon that are far worse than any terrorist that has occurred before or since.Here s the video via YouTube:In addition, President Obama stated recently that the FBI has been tracking ISIS sympathizers but are unable to keep them from buying guns like Omar Mateen did because Republicans refuse to ban people on the terrorist watch list from purchasing firearms. If Republicans had done that when President Obama asked a long time ago this shooting could have been prevented because the FBI would have been able to make sure that every time Mateen walked into a gun shop, he would be flagged as a possible threat and would have been denied the assault rifle he used in the massacre. Someone should ask Giuliani why his party wants terrorists to have guns so much.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5880, Fmr. Bush 41 Adviser DESTROYS ‘Massively Ignorant’ Donald Trump (VIDEO),"The Last Word With Lawrence O Donnell is seen by some as a rather dull MSNBC talk show as compared to say, All In With Chris Hayes, or The Rachel Maddow Show. However, they often have very important guests and discussions on there, and if you missed Monday night s edition, boy did you miss a doozy.Of course, we all know that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump spent the whole of Monday blaming President Obama for the shooting in Orlando   even going so far as to insinuate that the President secretly endorses terrorism. That is about as appalling of a piece of innuendo anyone   much less a presumptive presidential nominee  could throw at a sitting president, but it s Donald Trump so of course he did it.Well, O Donnell s Last Word panel was having none of it, and they ripped Trump a new one. This panel just happened to include Peter Wehner, who is a Republican and a former adviser to President George H.W. Bush. Here is the transcript of that part of the conversation via Media Matters:LAWRENCE O DONNELL (HOST): Donald Trump began the day today by saying what we knew he would say, that of course the massacre in Orlando is President Obama s fault. We all knew that was coming. Donald Trump was going to find some way to blame the president, but he didn t just blame the president s policies. He said the president actually is cheering for the other side. He said the president has something else in mind when it comes to fighting terrorism, meaning that the president doesn t really want to fight terrorism because he has something else in mind. Those were his words. The suggestion that the president was really working for the other side was delivered in Trump s classic imitation of Joe McCarthy, innuendo on top of innuendo.[ ]David, we knew it was going to be President Obama s fault, but the details were interestingly crafted this time.DAVID CORN: Well we don t have details as you put it, we have innuendo. And this is just a continuation of the argument that made him a conservative favorite to begin with: birtherism. That there s something phoney and furtive and secretive and creepy about President Barack Obama. He s really a secret Muslim, secret socialist, he doesn t like America, and Trump doesn t say these things explicitly. But it s clear that the implication is that he wants the terrorism to succeed or happen. That he s not interested in stopping it, and he has this sort of a secret agenda. Wink, wink, nod, nod; this is Alex Jones stuff. It s racist, and it feeds the base and the paranoia that brought Trump to where he is. And it s just   the fact that other Republicans don t come out  I mean, Peter will   but other Republicans don t come out and call him out on this in this moment of national tragedy is equally sad.PETER WEHNER: I think it s all that Donald Trump knows. This is the way the man is. He pulls these pins on these grenades and he rolls them and then it explodes and he says, geez, what happened? I think the guy has a personality disorder. I don t think he can control himself. So I think even if it s not in his interest to engage in this kind of stuff, he would do it. Beyond that I think he does it because he is the most massively ignorant person ever to run for president and he cannot discuss public policy. So everything he s done from the day that he s gone in is to set up these debates that are on the ground of appealing to the darkest impulses of the country. That is what he relishes, and he wants to be in the gutter. The trouble is he s bringing a lot of people down there with him.Thank you, Peter Wehner, for not being one of those crazy GOPers who puts party before country and supports Trump despite the fact that an incompetent, racist jackass like that with his finger on the button would absolutely catastrophic for both the nation and world. Hopefully, as we roll closer to November, more republicans will realize their mistake and un-endorse Donald Trump.Watch the exchange below, again via Media Matters:Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5881, JetBlue Is Giving Orlando Victims And Their Families Free Flights,"Whenever a tragedy strikes, one can always count on love, support, and compassion to outweigh the horror, sadness and emptiness. The smallest acts are what matter most. And JetBlue is doing its part to help pick up the pieces after the horrific attack in Orlando.With family members all across the nation receiving the devastating news, the airline (which trains all of its employees in Orlando), is giving victims and their families free fights in and out of the city, so those who lost loved ones or need to support those who survived will not be burdened with traveling expenses.A spokesperson for the airliner explained: JetBlue is providing free seats on its available flights to/from Orlando for immediate family and domestic partners of victims who were killed or injured. According to news sources, many of the victims have family members from Puerto Rico, which JetBlue flies in and out of as a popular destination site. JetBlue will also be giving vouchers to those affected who need to make last minute changes to their ticketing.Currently, a 3-day roundtrip flight from Puerto Rico to Orlando on JetBlue costs $399 per person. Ensuring these free flights for victim s family members will be a huge financial relief which is the least anybody can do to help ease any pains for these families.It s companies like JetBlue that show the naysayers how strong and resilient the human spirit can be in times of hopelessness. A free plane ticket might not seem like much, but it is. Human kindness comes in all forms.Also stepping up to the plate is Allegiant Airlines, which will also be offering free flights in and out of Orlando.Hopefully local hotels will follow in ensuring financially stress-free accommodations to the families flying in to pick up the pieces.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5882," House Dems Erupt On House Floor, Publicly Shame Speaker Ryan Over Gun Laws","Last month, House Democrats publicly shamed their Republican colleagues on the floor when leadership (at the last minute) whipped up enough votes and shot down a provision that would have protected LGBT citizens from discrimination.Yesterday, House Democrats did the same thing   this time to House Speaker Paul Ryan, and this time over gun legislation. Responding to the Republican s crocodile tears over the Orlando shooting, Democrats shouted, where s the bill,  over and over again after observing a moment of silence for those killed on Sunday.Wearing rainbow ribbons on their lapels, Democrats resisted Speaker Ryan s gavel being ferociously banged.In the House, South Carolina Representative Jim Clyburn, the only Democrat from the state, called on the cowards in the Republican caucus to adopt three no-brainer measures aimed at improving America s epidemic of gun violence: closing the Charleston Loophole; banning those on a terrorist watch list from obtaining a gun; and banning those convicted of a hate crime from obtaining a gun.Three simple solutions which, had they been enacted when first proposed, could have saved over a hundred lives.But instead of passing meaningful legislation that could literally save lives, the GOP decided a moment of silence was the only thing on the agenda. Yesterday s moment of silence was the 11th in the last year and a half and won t be the last.Clyburn blasted the moment of silence, saying  We just think having moments of silence every time something like this happens rather than fashioning some response to what maybe the causes of it is a problem. Thankfully, Democrats mustered up the backbone to call them out, but instead of facing the music, Paul Ryan walked out, dodging reporters and angry Democrats.Calling the Republicans  tone deaf,  Rep. William Clay of Missouri lambasted the GOP for turning their backs on American s safety, pointing out that  The American people are crying out for commonsense solutions and common-sense gun legislation. Watch the exchange here via CNN:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5883, Regulars At Pulse Nightclub Say Shooter Was There Often And Used Gay Dating App,"Everyone has their own idea about what made Omar Mateen murder 50 people at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. He was supposedly driven to commit this sick and disgusting act after seeing two men kissing, and he d allegedly pledged allegiance to ISIS less than an hour before opening fire. There may be an even darker side to this, though, and it s one that permeates our entire society, whether we want to admit it or not.Witnesses say that Mateen had been a regular at Pulse for at least three years. Ty Smith and Chris Callen, who both performed in a drag show at Pulse, remember him being escorted from the club on numerous occasions, drunk off his gourd. When they saw his picture on TV in connection with the massacre, they were floored: Both professed shock at seeing his face on TV:  It s the same guy,  said Callen, who performs under the name Kristina McLaughlin.  He s been going to this bar for at least three years. They expressed incredulity at the story being told by Mateen s father in the wake of the shooting, that the gunman had once been scandalized during a visit to Miami by the sight of men kissing each other.They say Mateen saw plenty of men kiss   and far closer to home than Miami. That s bullcrap, right there. No offence. That s straight-up crap. He s been around us,  Smith said Monday in an interview at the GLBT Community Center of Central Florida. Some of those people did a little more than (kiss) outside the bar . He was partying with the people who supposedly drove him to do this?' Another regular at Pulse, Kevin West, told the Los Angeles Times that he and Mateen messaged off and on for a year on a gay chat app. MSNBC s Chris Hayes reported on this, too:Here s what reporting we know: several people on the record saying shooter was on several gay dating apps and messaged with them  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) June 14, 2016 several regulars at Pulse who recognized the shooter. One saying he d been coming regularly for the past 3 years.  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) June 14, 2016And a gay classmate of the shooter in the police academy who says he used to go to gay bars w the shooter, who asked him out once.  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) June 14, 2016It s terrifyingly possible that Mateen himself was gay, which is a very tough and painful pill to swallow in light of what he did. The idea that a gay man could sink to such evil, and perpetrate such a horrific massacre against the very community to which he should have belonged hurts. However, he was Muslim and possibly an extreme Muslim. They have values that mirror the right-wing Christian values that allow for hatred of the LGBTQ community in what s supposedly the  freest nation in the world. Eric Biesterfeld, who is a gay man himself, explained this in a Facebook post:  [I]f you wondered why we need Gay Pride, it s because Pride is the opposite of shame. If this is true, Shame over an unchangeable, harmless facet of our humanity caused so much pain that he brought 49 lives down with his own.And yes, I blame those who would use religion to cause shame in another for this act. Louis Alemayehu, who wrote the post that Biesterfeld shared, said something similar:  Some of us suspected this. Internalized oppression is deadly in so many ways. We must be nurturing and accepting of one another from an early age. Self hatred and/or denial has implications way beyond the individual, the family, the community and ultimately the world. Our interconnections are profound and immediate. They have a point. Not all hateful, bigoted homophobes are straight, cisgender people who think being LGBTQ is so gross it has no place in our society. Some are LGBTQ people who have internalized that bigotry because we have so many hate-filled homophobes who have very loud, influential mouthpieces, and who are trying to enshrine oppression of the LGBTQ community in the laws that govern our land in the name of  religious freedom. Despite that, Chris Hayes tweeted that this doesn t excuse Mateen for anything, and he s bang-on right with that. Make no mistake, there is no calling Mateen anything but what he was   a murderer: None of this would exculpate the sheer hatred, rage and evil of this murderer. Or even *explain* it in any sense. But it complicates  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) June 14, 2016But Hayes is right that it does complicate this, because now it s a tragedy with its roots in a societal ill, and that ill is this vile idea that the LGBTQ community is wrong and dirty, that their very identities are wrong and disgusting, and that the only true way to practice a religion is to force it on others through oppression, or worse, violence.There s no way to know what was really going on in Mateen s head. His hate, whatever drove it, was so evident that it made his co-workers uncomfortable:One of Mateen s ex-coworkers at G4S security told me he complained about the man s frequent slurs attacking gays and blacks.  David Ovalle (@DavidOvalle305) June 12, 2016  He would never have more than 3 or 4 sentences without using the word n****r or queer or dike. It was always about violence.  he told me.  David Ovalle (@DavidOvalle305) June 12, 2016Mateen also dalliances at PGA Village neighborhood.  All he wanted to do was cheat on his wife. He had very little respect for women.  David Ovalle (@DavidOvalle305) June 12, 2016Whether he was driven exclusively by an extreme religious ideology that made him a bigot consumed with hate, or he was filled a self-loathing that was so powerful, and so all-consuming that it came out in a horribly violent pyroclastic eruption, the tragic result is the same.Right-wing Christians need to look in the mirror if they want to discover all the possible causes of this massacre, because when it comes to the LGBTQ community, their values are identical the values of Islam. They re just as guilty as Mateen for all those senseless deaths.Featured image via screen capture",0
5884," Seth MacFarlane Responds To Orlando Shooting, Smacks Down Gun Nuts (TWEETS)","The creator of Family Guy responded on Sunday to the Orlando mass shooting and humiliated a couple of gun nuts along the way.On Saturday, a gunman killed 50 people at a gay nightclub in Florida. It is now the worst mass shooting in American history and has reignited the calls for gun safety regulations.And comedian Seth MacFarlane added his voice to those making such calls by calling for a ban on automatic weapons in a post on Twitter. These shootings are a regular occurrence,  MacFarlane wrote.  You don t get to be  shocked  anymore unless you take action to stop them. Ban automatic weapons. These shootings are a regular occurrence. You don t get to be  shocked  anymore unless you take action to stop them. Ban automatic weapons.  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) June 12, 2016Of course, a couple gun nuts took issue with MacFarlane s call to action.One Twitter user claimed that MacFarlane s call to ban automatic weapons would be like banning planes after the 9/11 attacks. The voice of Peter Griffin responded that unlike guns, planes aren t designed to kill people. RT @JIMDETHOMAS: @SethMacFarlane should ve banned planes after 9/11. // A plane s primary function is not to kill. Get the difference?  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) June 12, 2016A second gun nut posted the dubious conservative claim that if a single person had been carrying a gun that night less people would have been killed. MacFarlane responded with the fact that there hasn t been a single example of a  good guy with a gun  preventing a mass shooting in progress.RT @xNathan30x: one person carrying a concealed handgun in that club could have ended that horror. // Often stated, never once happened.  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) June 12, 2016In the end, MacFarlane lamented that all the responses, presumably the negative ones, are enough to cause even him to be depressed. Man. Twitter responses to all this on my feed are enough to send the even cheeriest soul into a deep depression.  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) June 12, 2016Banning automatic weapons is not the only way to reduce gun violence. We need a better background check system and we need to ban people on the terrorist watch list from being able to buy guns. Plus, we desperately need better mental healthcare in this country. But Republicans in Congress refuse to do anything that will upset their NRA masters, and that s why we can expect more mass shootings unless we send people to Congress who will take action to prevent gun violence instead of simply offering useless thoughts and prayers.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5885, Pope Francis Slams The United States For Its “Brazen” Gun Obsession,"Pope Francis, while appearing at the United Nation s World Food summit, slammed the United States (and the rest of the world) over its obsession with guns after the terrorist attack in Orlando left 50 people dead and another 53 wounded. Calling the obsession brazen,  the Pope chided world leaders for their  strange paradox  over the politics of food and international aid, but not guns:It makes no difference where arms come from   they circulate with brazen and virtually absolute freedom in many parts of the world.The Pope also chastised the world for numbing itself to people s pain, saying  We are bombarded by so many images that we see pain, but do not touch it; we hear weeping, but do not comfort it; we see thirst but do not satisfy it. Hours after the brutal attack, the Holy See released a strongly worded condemnation of the attacks, calling his  homicidal folly  and denouncing those responsible:The terrible massacre that has taken place in Orlando, with its dreadfully high number of innocent victims, has caused in Pope Francis, and in all of us, the deepest feelings of horror and condemnation, of pain and turmoil before this new manifestation of homicidal folly and senseless hatred   We all hope that ways may be found, as soon as possible, to effectively identify and contrast the causes of such terrible and absurd violence which so deeply upsets the desire for peace of the American people and of the whole of humanity.The condemnation is exactly what the United States deserves, especially when some right wing politicians (the same one who do nothing about gun violence) proclaim that we are a Christian nation. But how can we claim to be when we allow ourselves to become so numb to the epidemic that is gun violence?Perhaps the faux-Christians should listen to the Pope (yet again) and lead by example.Featured image via Flickr",0
5886, Microsoft Just Gamed Our Tax System With Its $26 Billion Purchase Of LinkedIn,"Microsoft is buying LinkedIn and they have so much cash on hand that they could pay for the professional social network four times over without ever needing to even pick up the phone to start dialing the number of a single bank. Yet, they want a loan for the purchase anyway. Why would a company that s as flush as Microsoft want to take on debt like that when it doesn t have to?The answer s simple   the loan equals a tax deduction for them, and the interest on the loan will lower their tax bill for years to come. Robert McIntyre, of Citizens For Tax Justice, says: It s an odd world where a company is awash in cash and chooses to make the acquisition with debts because they don t want to pay tax. That, combined with all the other ways they can game our tax system, will bring their total annual liability to rates that are far lower than the one corporate America, and Republicans, scream is too high.This particular loophole will allow Microsoft to avoid the 35 percent tax rate they d pay for repatriating cash they re holding overseas that s needed to buy LinkedIn without a loan. Exactly how much tax will they avoid paying just this year?$9 billion. And it s perfectly legal. In fact, most types of corporate tax evasion are perfectly legal.And that s just for one year. They ll avoid millions more on just this particular purchase in the years to come, in addition to all the other ways they ll avoid paying their fair share of taxes. They aren t the only ones doing this. Back in May, a study revealed that multinational corporations are avoiding paying at least $100 billion per year in taxes. That makes the tax evasion problem much worse than previously thought.Much has been made of things like corporate inversions, where corporations buy a smaller, overseas company for the purpose of shifting their headquarters out of the U.S. and thus, avoid our taxes. We also make a big deal about tax havens, such as the Cayman Islands and Switzerland, although we re starting to make headway with banks in countries that serve as tax shelters to put a stop to this type of evasion.But using loans when they re flush with cash is yet another tax evasion method. One might say that people with student loans and home mortgages are doing the same thing. However, people with those two particular types of debt are a) individuals, and b) aren t awash in the kind of cash a company like Microsoft is. So there s a huge difference there.Our official corporate tax rate might be 39.1 percent, and Republicans and our poor, downtrodden multinationals can whine about how high it is all they want. Their crying doesn t change the fact that, each year from 2006 to 2012, more than 60 percent of our corporations paid zero in federal income taxes. You can bet all the benefits they get from loans, like Microsoft is doing, contribute heavily to that. There is nothing that justifies their whining.Think this is just good business? Sure. From a purely profit-oriented perspective, anything that lowers costs is good because it raises the bottom line. There are real-world consequences though, and one of them is a country, like ours, that shifts its tax burden onto individuals who work, and work, and work for these very corporations, and can t bring in enough revenue to actually function properly.Microsoft will buy LinkedIn however it wants. But this, right here, is a perfect example of why our tax code needs to be overhauled. There s no reason at all Microsoft should be able to get a loan and deduct it from its taxes when it has four times the cash it needs to buy LinkedIn. There just isn t.Featured image by David Ramos/Getty Images",0
5887, FBI: We Do Not Expect To Find Any Criminal Wrongdoing On Hillary Clinton’s Part,"CNN recently broke the news that according to investigators working with the FBI regarding Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server:The FBI has not yet interviewed Clinton as part of its investigation. As CNN first reported, investigators have not found evidence to support criminal charges against Clinton and none are expected, but no final determination will be made until that interview has taken place.The story, published this weekend, has been buried as more information emerges regarding the horrific terrorist attack in Orlando that left 50 people dead and 53 injured.The revelations from the FBI come as investigators begin poring through her emails regarding a classified drone campaign, which was eventually scrapped. Before it was scrapped, however, several media outlets (including the Washington Post) obtained information and circulated. Such information subsequently then ended up on Clinton s private email server. According to CNN:So sorry, Republicans (and Susan Sarandon), it looks as though there won t be any indictment. And it s not because President Obama endorsed her. It s not because of a  rigged  system. It s not because of the liberal media. It s because she broke no laws.And we all know Republicans hate the truth, so only time will tell until they start to turn their backs on the FBI and denounce them as traitors to America.Featured image via Angelo Merendino",0
5888," Trump Humiliates Chris Christie, Appoints Him As His Personal Food Delivery Boy","This is hilarious and sad.Ever since New Jersey Governor Chris Christie became Trump s personal whipping boy by endorsing him despite having nothing but bad things to say about the Republican nominee throughout the primary he has been repeatedly humiliated.In February, Trump told his lap dog to leave the stage and go home and a hot mic caught the whole exchange. Get on the plane and go home. It s over there. Go home,  Trump told Christie, who replied,  Okay. In March, Trump totally embarrassed Christie again during an attack against Ohio Governor John Kasich. Kasich is such a bad governor, Trump claimed, that he may be even worse than Christie. It was a burn that Trump used as Christie was standing nearby.And in May, Trump went on a rant about Nabisco moving a factory to Mexico. As he vowed not to eat another Oreo, Trump pointed directly at Christie and told him that he can t eat Oreos anymore either. Neither is Chris! You re not eating Oreos anymore!  Trump declared.Now Donald Trump is once again humiliating Chris Christie, who, again, is a sitting governor. This time a story has emerged of Chris Christie being relegated to nothing more than Trump s personal food delivery boy.According to Ryan Lizza of The New Yorker,Governor Chris Christie, of New Jersey, another of Trump s opponents early in the campaign, has transformed himself into a sort of manservant, who is constantly with Trump at events. (One Republican told me that a friend of his on the Trump campaign used Snapchat to send him a video of Christie fetching Trump s McDonald s order.)Yes, apparently there might actually be a video of Chris Christie picking up Trump s order from McDonald s which clearly make Christie the laughingstock of Republican Party.This is man who claimed to be a leader. This is a man who is infamous for being a bully. But he has been reduced to being nothing more than the head of fast-food delivery for the Trump campaign. That s pathetic and the people of New Jersey deserve better.Featured Image: Sean Rayford/Getty Images  modified",0
5889, This Cartoon CRUSHES Every Single Talking Point The NRA Can Possibly Spew Following Orlando," Americans have a right to defend themselves.   Banning one type of gun will lead to banning all guns.   We can t limit the Second Amendment.   We re one justice away from repealing the Second Amendment.   Democrats want to take your guns and leave you defenseless.   Expanded background checks will lead to a registry, and then government tracking and privacy invasion.  And so forth.These are just a few of the fear-mongering talking points we hear from the NRA and their ilk, talking heads, and mouthpieces, every time there s a mass shooting.But guess what? These talking points, which are enshrined in both policy and paranoid right-wing culture, and have made us less safe than ever, helped to cause the Orlando massacre. We could explain in detail, but Politico has a cartoon that explains it far better in a single wallop of a punch:The latest political cartoon from the desk of POLITICO s Matt @Wuerker https://t.co/vyEgFlBPPx pic.twitter.com/CclsKwABjV  POLITICO (@politico) June 13, 2016The point of the cartoon is that anybody can donate to the NRA, and the NRA then uses its not-inconsiderable financial and political clout to loosen gun laws under the absolute lie of,  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Thanks to them, gun laws either get loosened, or they stay as they are. Then people like Omar Mateen, who was on the FBI s radar for potential ties to terrorist groups, can get whatever kinds of guns they want perfectly legally. There is no explaining that away.The NRA s hands are soaked in the fresh blood of the victims of the Orlando massacre, and what do they have to say about it? Nothing. Zero, zip, zilch, nada, just like after Sandy Hook. They re hiding like the sick cowards they are until they can get some cold-blooded fuckery together that makes them appear as white as snow in all of this.Florida has some of the loosest gun laws in the country. Where were all the good guys with guns at Pulse? Why didn t they stop this? Why didn t someone pull out their own weapon and gun Mateen down before he was able to shoot over 100 people? We challenge the NRA and all their rabid sycophants to answer that question.In the meantime, Politico and its cartoonist, Matt Wuerker, are to be commended for that cartoon. It puts what s happening to our country into sharp relief in a way that mere words can t.Featured image by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
5890, Ann Coulter Make Believes She Has ‘Gay Friends’ To Make A Racist Point (TWEET),"It s hard to believe, but Donald Trump does have a sizable amount of supporters who agree with his ideas on immigration and guns. Unsurprisingly, one of those people is Ann Coulter. A racist in her own regard, she falls perfectly into Trump s fan base.After the shooting massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, Coulter tweeted out: To my gay friends: Please consider the possibility that Hillary s immigration policies might get you killed. See Trump s speech today. To my gay friends: Please consider the possibility that Hillary's immigration policies might get you killed. See Trump's speech today.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 13, 2016Okay, first, what gay person would be her friend? And before you get offended in any regard to that question (you know who you are) I m a lesbian and find Coulter repulsive on every level. Which leads to the bigger question  what person, in general, would be her friend?During his speech, Trump of course spent time doubling-down on his racist and Islamophobic remarks that Muslims should be banned from immigrating to the United States.Does Coulter (and Trump) not even recognize the fact that the shooter (whose name I ll never mention, because that s what he wanted) was actually born in the United States, and was able to access his arsenal of weaponry and ammunition because of Florida s, and the United States, lax gun laws? Just like almost every shooter before him, and the only way to truly combat this sort of issue is to try to prevent them from happening in the first place.You can t always change a mindset, but you sure as hell can try to prevent a potential terrorist from owning a gun.The thing is, this is just Ann Coulter being Ann Coulter. She s a bigot and she s proud to be a bigot, and she doesn t care if you think she s a bigot. She s an isolationist who seems to think white people should reign supreme.It s just amusing to think that she wants us to believe she has gay friends. If, however, she really does have gay friends, they should probably realize they re friends with a bigot.Featured Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images   Twitter",0
5891," Crybaby Trump Revokes Washington Post Press Credentials, Newspaper Responds With Middle Finger","On Monday, Donald Trump accused the President of the United States of being an ISIS sympathizer and when the Washington Post reported on it, he threw a tantrum that culminated in his taking the unprecedented step of banning one of the biggest newspapers in the country from having access to his campaign. To put that in its proper context, during the height of the Watergate scandal, an event begun by two Washington Post reporters, President Richard Nixon didn t even try to pull press credentials. It was literally unthinkable.On Facebook, Trump went on a rant about how unfair the Washington Post was being for accurately quoting him.I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is, they wrote,  Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting  as their headline. Sad!Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby revoking the press credentials of the phony and dishonest Washington Post.To be clear, Trump is   as is often the case   openly and unapologetically lying. Earlier in the day, he went on Fox News and remarked that the reason Obama can t stop terror attacks in the United States is because he doesn t want to. We re led by a man who is a very   look, we re led by a man that either is, is not tough, not smart, or he s got something else in mind. And the something else in mind, you know, people can t believe it. People cannot   they cannot believe that President Obama is acting the ways he acts and can t even mention the words radical Islamic terrorism. There s something going on. It s inconceivable. And when reporters asked him to clarify, he refused, and cryptically added that he would let people decide for themselves what he meant. Trump  who has been on record for years as being a birther  knows what conclusions his fans will draw. Why rock the boat by turning that particular dog whistle into a bull horn?By one count, Trump has banned at least seven media outlets from covering his campaign due to unflattering treatment. (This doesn t include the news programs or journalists whom Trump simply refuses to talk to because of personal beefs.)We count at least 7 outlets Trump has barred from events Nat Review, Daily Beast, HuffPo, Buzzfeed, WaPo, Politico, DMR, who else?  Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) June 13, 2016A few more: Mother Jones and Univision. There are likely others. There will likely be more soon.So when the Washington Post was added to the list, the paper s editor Marty Baron released a scathing statement calling Trump on his fascistic view towards the free press. Donald Trump s decision to revoke The Washington Post s press credentials is nothing less than a repudiation of the role of a free and independent press. When coverage doesn t correspond to what the candidate wants it to be, then a news organization is banished. The Post will continue to cover Donald Trump as it has all along honorably, honestly, accurately, energetically, and unflinchingly. We re proud of our coverage, and we re going to keep at it. In short, don t expect the Washington Post to just roll over. They are going to continue to go after Trump wherever and whenever he tries to pull a fast one on the American people.Trump has also flirted with the idea of getting rid of the free press altogether once he is president. On at least one occasion Trump told his supporters that he would open up libel laws and viciously and aggressively sue any media outlet that tries to criticize him. With such a fundamental danger to America s First Amendment, only one news network embraced Trump s moves towards tyranny: His friends at Fox.Stuart Varney on Fox Business calls @washingtonpost reporters looking into Trump ""henchmen"" of Jeff Bezos. pic.twitter.com/F8CxcNeOZn  John Whitehouse (@existentialfish) May 12, 2016They must assume they re safe. With the sunny coverage they give Trump, it s unlikely that they ll lose their credentials any time soon.Featured image via Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5892, Dem Senator Introduces Bill Banning Hate Crime Offenders From Purchasing Guns,"In response to the horrific Orlando shootings (which is simultaneously being labeled terrorist attack and a hate crime), Democratic Senator Bob Casey on Monday introduced legislation banning any American convicted of a hate crime from legally purchasing a gun.Titled the  Hate Crimes Prevention Act, the bill ties together existing legislation regarding what falls under the scope of a hate crime  a misdemeanor  motivated in part by hate or bias related to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability,  and which misdemeanor makes up a hate crime. These misdemeanors include low-level assaults, threats, harassment and property damage.In a statement released on his website, Casey described his bill as  common sense,  saying:If you have proven you will commit criminal acts based on hate, you absolutely should not have access to a gun. It s common sense. It is time we as members of Congress do something. If you are a member of Congress and you say you care about security then you have to take steps to keep guns out of the wrong hands and ensure our law enforcement has the resources needed to keep communities safe.Casey s office also reminded the public that, according to National Crime Victimization Survey data, about 259,000 hate crimes happen each year in the United States, and that between the years of 2010 and 2014 alone, more than 43,000 hate crimes were committed with a firearm.These are the people who should not have access to guns, period.The same bill was introduced in the House of Representatives in February by Democrat David Cicilline of Rhode Island. It is currently being held up in committee, and GovTrack gives the bill less than a 2 percent chance of being enacted. A simple bill, like Casey s, would prevent the sale, disposition, possession, shipment or transportation of a firearm based on an  enhanced hate crime misdemeanor sentence. Let s sit back and see how Republicans try to worm their way out of this no-brainer piece of legislation. They did it with background checks at gun shows and stopping terrorists from getting guns, so who knows how they ll respond to this one.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5893," Just 10 Days Before The Orlando Shooting, Pres. Obama Issued A HUGE Warning","Here s what we know about the Orlando shooter: the FBI was watching him very closely because of alleged terrorist sympathies. Even though he was on the government s radar, he was able to purchase his weapons legally just days before he killed 50 people and wounded 53 others.Some Americans are just now learning, for the first time, that individuals on watchlists (or who are being monitored by the FBI) can legally buy a gun, no problem, and they cannot be stopped. This is also known as the  Terror Gap,  and like the Charleston Loophole (which allowed Dylann Roof his gun used to kill nine black churchgoers), it exposes fatal cracks in our system.But just 10 days before the Orlando shooting, President Obama warned the people that this fatal crack was detrimental to our national security, and no one paid attention.When asked by a gun owner at a PBS News Hour discussion why he wants to  control and restrict and limit gun manufacturers, gun owners and responsible use of guns and ammunition to the rest of us, the good guys,  and not the bad guys, President Obama responded with:What I have said is precisely what you suggested, which is, why don t we treat this like every other thing that we use? I just came from a meeting today in the Situation Room in which I got people who we know have been on ISIL Web sites, living here in the United States, U.S. citizens, and we re allowed to put them on the no-fly list when it comes to airlines, but because of the National Rifle Association, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun.This is somebody who is a known ISIL sympathizer. And if he wants to walk in to a gun store or a gun show right now and buy as much   as many weapons and ammo as he can, nothing s prohibiting him from doing that, even though the FBI knows who that person is.And 10 days later, an ISIL sympathizer walked into a nightclub with his legally bought guns and unleashed the worst shooting in American history.In December, a simple bill in the Senate was shot down by Republican lawmakers. It s purpose? Anyone who appears on watchlists or is being flagged by the government as a terrorist sympathizer may not purchase gun. Every Republican (and one Democrat) voted no. Republicans are so beholden to the NRA that they couldn t even ban potential terrorists from having access to weapons.So the next time Republicans want to blame President Obama, remind them that  he tried to warn us, and that our Republican Senate has blood on their hands.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5894, WATCH: Donald Trump Suggests President Obama Is Aiding Terrorists,"In the wake of the worst mass shooting in American history committed by an ISIS sympathizer, Donald Trump appeared on Fox News to accuse President Obama of helping the terrorists.After hearing that 50 people were massacred at an LGBT night club in Orlando on Saturday night, Trump s callous first reaction was to give himself a pat on the back for being  right  about terrorism. You know, because not just any idiot can predict that an attack of some kind will happen in the future.But on Monday morning during an interview on Fox & Friends, Trump crossed the line by actually suggesting that President Obama is not doing anything to fight terrorism and may be aiding the terrorists. He doesn t get it or he gets it better than anybody understands. It s one or the other,  Trump said.  And either one is unacceptable. We re led by a man who is a very   look, we re led by a man that either is, is not tough, not smart, or he s got something else in mind. And the something else in mind, you know, people can t believe it. People cannot   they cannot believe that President Obama is acting the ways he acts and can t even mention the words radical Islamic terrorism. There s something going on. It s inconceivable. Here s the video via YouTube.President Obama doesn t need to say words to defeat ISIS. Despite what Trump says, Obama has been fighting ISIS for a long time now even as Republicans in Congress refuse to declare war on the terrorist organization they paved the way for in the first place by invading Iraq back during the Bush Administration. Claiming that President Obama is in league with the terrorists is just absurd and outrageous.Airstrikes killed a top ISIS leader in March, which was only the second such strike to take out a member of ISIS that month. A strike also took out an ISIS commander in Iraq in January and yet another strike killed an ISIS leader in Libya last November.And that s only four of the many such airstrikes that have dealt major blows to ISIS and their operations.But according to Trump, President Obama only has to say three words and ISIS will somehow magically disappear off the face of the planet, thus demonstrating once again that Trump is completely unqualified to be president. Because while he is congratulating himself for a prediction that any three-year-old could make and running his mouth about what President Obama should say to defeat ISIS, our commander-in-chief has been taking action. If Trump really wants to blame someone for not being hard on ISIS he should blame the Republicans in Congress for not exercising their power to declare war. The president can only do so much without Congress and Republicans are sitting on their hands instead of doing their jobs.Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
5895, WATCH: Fox Sports Reporter Taken Off Air After Questioning Intelligence Of Mexicans,"Fox is not only number one with racists, the network is apparently number one at hiring racists as well.After a video of a school valedictorian went viral because Mayte Lara Ibarra told the audience that she is an undocumented immigrant during her speech, a Fox Sports reporter simply could not accept that a Latino is smart enough to be at the top of the class.During a Barstool Rundown associated with Republican nominee Donald Trump and his plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, Fox reporter Emily Austen openly questions the intelligence of Mexicans and made racist comments about Asians and Jews. I didn t even know Mexicans were that smart,  Austen said. She also derided Jews as  stingy  and claimed  the Chinese guy is always the smartest guy in math class. Here s the video via Vimeo. Austen s remarks begin at the 24 minute mark.Well, while racist Trump supporters probably appreciated Austen s comments, they didn t go down well with her bosses at Fox Sports, who promptly removed her from the air for the time being.Fox Sports General Manager Steve Tello condemned Austen s comments and quickly made it clear that Fox Sports had nothing to do with them. We were made aware that Emily Austen appeared in a social media video unaffiliated with Fox Sports in which she made insensitive and derogatory comments. She was not speaking on behalf of Fox Sports, nor do we condone any of the statements she made in the video. Emily has been advised that her comments were unacceptable, and she is not scheduled to appear on any upcoming Fox Sports Florida or Fox Sports Sun broadcasts. These kinds of stereotypical precepts have no place in our society, but this is the kind of America that Donald Trump is hoping to create. As a public media figure, Austen should have known better. It would like someone saying that all blondes are dumb. However, that stereotype appears to be true in Austen s case.Featured image via YouTube",0
5896," NY Daily News Goes ALL IN On NRA, ‘Thanks’ Them For Orlando (TWEET/IMAGE)","The NY Daily News is never shy when it comes to their covers. They re all about calling out badly behaving politicians and political organizations, and they definitely didn t hold back when it came to the horrific act of terror perpetuated against the LGBT community of Orlando, Florida, and the rest of the nation in the wee hours of Sunday morning at Pulse Nightclub. The target of the newspaper s ire this time was the National Rifle Association (NRA).Of course, we all know that this despicable organization is opposed to any and all common sense gun control, and makes a regular practice of whipping gun nuts everywhere up into a frenzy of fear that Democrats and others with a shred of common sense and decency are out to abolish the Second Amendment altogether. They refuse to acknowledge the fact that lax gun laws lead to tragedies like the one that has the world reeling right now, and they refuse to see that these mass shootings will continue until unstable individuals with an ax to grind and murderous intent are prevented from obtaining firearms.Well, the NY Daily News was having none of it. They ran a cover that  thanked  (read: blamed) the powerful gun lobby and its bought and paid for politicians for Orlando s tragedy. The cover is nothing short of brilliant, not to mention completely true. Without further ado, here it is via the paper s twitter:A look at tomorrow's front page 50 dead in Orlando club massacre, THANKS, @NRA:https://t.co/9Du2YEdzEo pic.twitter.com/hVJvzC351j  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) June 13, 2016The NY Daily News is right, of course. There is no reason for any private citizen to carry an assault weapon. That is simple common sense. The only reason for such a weapon is to kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible. Anyone who believes otherwise is deluded. Wayne LaPierre and his fellow gun nuts have blood on their hands. Fuck them and their pro-gun agenda. They are at least partly responsible so many of the people who were at Pulse on that fateful night are dead. Ban assault weapons now, responsible politicians.Good on the NY Daily News for laying the blame where it belongs.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5897, Orlando Gunman’s Ties To Anti-Gay Muslim Extremists Exposed (VIDEO),"At around 2:00 am on Sunday, June 12, Omar Mateen opened fire inside the crowded Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Over a period of several hours the gunman killed 5o people. Another 53 people were injured during the killing spree.According to police sources, shortly before the attack began, Mateen dialed 911 and pledged his support to the terrorist organization ISIS.Although Mateen was born in the United States, his parents are immigrants who came to the US from Afghanistan. As the Washington Post reports, Mateen s father hosts a political talk show, called the Durand Jirga Show. The title refers to a disputed strip of land between the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan.In at least one video, Seddique Mateen, father of the shooter, is seen praising the Taliban, saying: Our brothers in Waziristan, our warrior brothers in [the] Taliban movement and national Afghan Taliban are rising up. Inshallah the Durand Line issue will be solved soon. According to the Palm Beach Post, Mateen has been known to the FBI for several years. In 2015, the FBI investigated the connection between Mateen and Moner Abu-Salha, a one time resident of Vero Beach, Florida. Abu-Salha was the first American suicide bomber in Syria.Like most religious extremists, Abu-Salha vehemently hated gay people and promoted videos on Facebook calling for their execution.In one video posted to Abu-Salha s Facebook page, the group s religious leader is seen telling a gay man that he would be considered  a murtad or apostate,  who would be cast  out of the fold of Islam.  He goes on to say,  You will not be buried in a Muslim graveyard. No Muslim person would ever read your funeral prayer.  He goes on to say that  Homosexuality is punishable by death. Watch the video below:As the Christian right frantically works to portray the mass shooting at Orlando s Pulse Nightclub as a reason to hate and ban Muslims from America, the similarities between Christian extremists and the Taliban are more apparent than ever.Here in the US, right-wing preachers routinely call for the executions of members of the LGBTQ community. In the meantime, Republican extremists in government work hard to make sure that every crazed, violent, potential mass murderer has access to the weapons they need to carry out such a vicious hate crime.The Pulse Nightclub mass shooting was carried out by a Muslim extremist who targeted the gay community in a violent religious frenzy.It doesn t matter whether a gun-toting religious fanatic is carrying a Christian Bible or a Muslim Koran. Hate is hate, and the end result of hate is violence.Image credit: Omar Mateen via MySpace",0
5898, Two Dozen Cops Across Five California Precincts Had Sex With Teenager (VIDEO),"A disturbing sex scandal that rocked the Oakland, California police department has now expanded to several other East Bay Area districts.The allegations now involve nearly two dozen CA police officers, all accused of having sex with a teenager they nicknamed  Juve,  short for Juvenile.The scandal broke after text messages between the girl and Oakland county police officers were discovered by a federal monitor who was assigned to oversee the police department.During an interview with KPIX, the teen, who is now an adult, told reporters that at least two dozen officers slept with her.In return for sex with the police she says she was given confidential police information, including tips on scheduled anti-prostitution stings. She also says she received extra police protection when she was working the streets as a prostitute.An unidentified officer in his 80s is reported to have paid $250 to have sex with the girl.On June 9, Oakland Police Chief Sean Whent was relieved of his position, due to his own involvement in the scandal. While it was Whent s job to investigate the allegations, according to the young woman at the center of the investigation, he was one of the officers involved in it.San Francisco CBS affiliate reports that:Whent s removal from the top brass position comes amid an internal affairs investigation and a criminal investigation focused on several Oakland police officers who allegedly had sex with an underage girl.This story is disturbing on so many levels. As law enforcement officers these cops were responsible to protect this teen from sex traffickers. Instead they participated in the crime.The one positive note about this story is that the young woman at the center of the investigation seems to have no desire to protect the officers that didn t protect her.Watch the KPIX interview with the young woman below.Featured image via video screen capture KPIX ",0
5899, WATCH: Tony Awards Gives Hateful Bigots The Middle Finger In Opening Number,"Overwhelmed by the sadness of the mass shooting in Orlando, Florida where 50 people were killed, the 70th Annual Tony Awards and host James Corden sent a message to hateful bigots everywhere.Conservatives are applauding the mass shooting, which occurred at an LGBT night club. But the Tony Awards countered the hate with an opening number celebrating diversity.In his opening remarks, Corden declared that  hate will never win  and sent support and condolences to the victims and their families. Good evening. All around the world, people are trying to come to terms with the horrific events that took place in Orlando this morning. On behalf of the whole theater community and every person in this room, our hearts go out to all of those affected by this atrocity.All we can say is you are not on your own right now. Your tragedy is our tragedy. Theater is a place where every race, creed, sexuality and gender is equal, embraced and loved. Hate will never win. Together, we have to make sure of that. Tonight s show stands as a symbol and a celebration of that principle. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, it was exactly that as Corden then launched into a number featuring himself singing in every Broadway play imaginable, including The Lion King, Grease, and Les Miserables  just to name a few.And then he sang about how any kid could be on Broadway some day no matter what they look like or who they are. To the theatre kids of any place with stardust in their eyes,  Corden sang as children of all ages and ethnicities took the stage.  Of every color, class and race, and face, and shape and size. To the boys and girls, transgenders too, to every Broadway would-be. Don t wonder if this could be you. It absolutely could be! Here s the video via YouTube.And the diverse Tony Awards wouldn t be complete without a shot at the Oscars and Donald Trump, which James Corden also provided. Think of tonight as the Oscars, but with diversity,  Corden joked.  It s so diverse, Donald Trump has threatened to build a wall around this theater. Featured image via screen capture",0
5900, WATCH: FL Governor Refuses To Acknowledge Mass Shooting As Anti-Gay Hate Crime (VIDEO),"During a telephone interview with CNN s Jake Tapper, Florida Governor Rick Scott carefully avoided any acknowledgement that the gay community had been targeted in the June 12 mass shooting, which left 50 people dead and 53 more injured in Orlando.During the interview, Tapper pointed out that the gay community  appears to have been directly targeted in the attack.  He went on to acknowledge the impact the shooting has had on Florida s LGBT community, saying: There are a lot of members of that community and supporting friends and family who are very worried. Obviously if this was radical Islam, which the special agent in charge of the FBI suggested it may have been, that is a community that has been under siege from radical Islam. Tapper asked Scott what steps are being taken to protect Florida s gay and lesbian community from further threats.Scott refused to acknowledge the gay community, instead providing a generic, barely coherent statement in response to the question, saying: We don t want anybody in our state to ever be targeted. We don t want anybody to be discriminated against. And so in every case, when we believe there is somebody doing the wrong thing, we work hard to make sure we take care of them. He went on to explain: And so what we ll   you know, as we go through this process, what we ll learn through this, is we ll learn what we can do to hopefully to never, never, ever to let this happen again. Tapper pressed the issue, apparently hoping that Florida s right-wing governor was capable of giving a response that addressed the needs of the LGBT community in his state. But, I guess my point is,  Tapper responded,  you ve declared a state of emergency in Orange County, but there are areas of the state of Florida   South Beach, for example   where there may be a large and thriving LGBT community that might be very, very afraid this morning. He again asked Scott about the precautions his administration is taking to protect members of the gay community, and specifically asked whether there would be additional law enforcement presence to protect against possible copycat attacks or on the off chance that the shooter wasn t acting alone.While it seems clear from the interview that Tapper was hoping to get Scott to reach out to members of the LGBT community in his own state following the deadliest mass shooting in history, Scott never did that.Instead he offered more generic assurances about how the state responds  when something like this happens.  Scott said,  one of the first things you do on top of dealing with the issue you have at hand, is say,  Who else could this impact and what can we do to make sure that does not happen? When asked what people can do to help, Scott responded by saying  They can pray. This is what a truly incompetent leader sounds like.Watch the interview below, courtesy of Raw Story on YouTube. Featured imae via video screen capture via Raw Story on YouTube",0
5901, How Florida’s Lax Gun Laws Are Endangering The Public,"On the heels of the mass shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the right-wing is spinning a false narrative referring to the area where the shooting took place as a  gun-free zone. We can dispel that myth with the simple truth. If it had truly been a  gun-free zone  as the right wing claims, then 53 people would still be alive. More than 50 others would not have been injured by bullets that came from one or more guns. The simple fact that more than 100 people were shot by a lone gunman is proof that the zone in and around Pulse was not  gun free. The fact of the matter is that we can never really have a  gun-free zone  unless some kind of enforcement exists to make sure that guns are kept out. Omar Mateen managed to bring in a handgun and an assault rifle, plus  other devices,  the nature of which are unknown at this time.According to the Los Angeles Times Mateen purchased both of the guns he took with him legally in the state of Florida. Both of the guns were purchased within the last week. These purchases were allowed, in spite of the fact that Mateen had been on the FBI terrorist watch list.The Law Center To Prevent Gun Violence awards the state of Florida an F grade for its disturbingly lax gun laws which clearly fail to protect the public.Here s a list of some of the problems with the state s gun laws:As a result of the state s failure to pass sane gun control legislation the number of gun homicides in Florida has been rising steadily.For the right wing to pretend that the Pulse Orlando mass shooting occurred because of a gun-free zone, rather than because state lawmakers have failed to take measures to protect the public from violent, dangerous people with guns is beyond pathetic.It s way past time for Florida republicans to act to protect the people of their state by passing reasonable gun control policies.Image credit: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty ",0
5902, Christian Pastor Calls Orlando Massacre ‘Good News’ Because 50 ‘F*ggots’ Died (VIDEO),"Pastor Stephen L. Anderson of Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe, Arizona, is a terrible human being. In 2014, he made the case that AIDS can be eliminated if we just wiped all the  f*ggots  off the face of the planet. Naturally, given his many unhinged ravings about the LGBT community, a group he calls (without cause)  pedophiles,  and a wide array of other offensive language, Anderson was quite pleased after learning that  50 sodomites  died, and another 50 were injured, in a targeted terrorist attack against the gay community in Orlando.Anderson says that this is  good news  because  there s 50 less pedophiles in the world.  The  Christian  pastor praised the shooter for eliminating his victims because they we  just disgusting homosexuals at a gay bar.  While he says he would never advocate violence (except for the time he prayed that President Obama would  die and go to hell and his statement that all gay people should be murdered, of course), Anderson is clear that the Muslim man who killed all those people was simply following the Bible (what?):Now let me just be real clear: I ve never advocated for violence. I don t believe in, you know, taking the law into our own hands. I would never go in and shoot up a gay bar   so-called. I don t believe it s right for us to just be a vigilante  But I will say this: The Bible says that homosexuals should be put to death, in Leviticus 20:13. Obviously, it s not right for somebody to just, you know, shoot up the place, because that s not going through the proper channels. But these people all should have been killed, anyway, but they should have been killed through the proper channels, as in they should have been executed by a righteous government that would have tried them, convicted them, and saw them executed. Because, in Leviticus 20:13, God s perfect law, he put the death penalty on murder, and he also put the death penalty on homosexuality. That s what the Bible says, plain and simple.While he is happy that fifty people were murdered in the name of his god (though many Christians would dispute that they share a god with Muslims) after an extremist saw two men kissing and flew off the rails, Anderson says that there are some drawbacks   like those awful liberals who think that this attack is one of the many examples that we need reasonable firearm regulations, and those who will denounce hate speech:But the bad news is that this is now gonna be used, I m sure, to push for gun control, where, you know, law-abiding normal Americans are not gonna be allowed to have guns for self-defense. And then I m sure it s also gonna be used to push an agenda against so-called  hate speech.  So Bible-believing Christian preachers who preach what the Bible actually says about homosexuality   that it s vile, that it s disgusting, that they re reprobates   you know, we re gonna be blamed.Like,  It s all extremism! It s not just the Muslims, it s the Christians!  I m sure that that s coming. I m sure that people are gonna start attacking, you know, Bible-believing Christians now, because of what this guy did. I m not sad about it, I m not gonna cry about it. Because these 50 people in a gay bar that got shot up, they were gonna die of AIDS, and syphilis, and whatever else. They were all gonna die early, anyway, because homosexuals have a 20-year shorter life-span than normal people, anyway,  Anderson says.  At least these dangerous predators, these dangerous filthy pedophiles at this gay bar, at least they re off the streets. I m just trying to look at the bright side,  he concluded before wishing God s blessings on viewers.If there was any justice in this world, God would have spared the victims and taken Anderson instead. F*ck him.[Update: Anderson s video has been removed from YouTube for violating the platform s hate speech policy. A copy is below]Watch Anderson s disgusting rant below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5903, This One Tweet NAILS Similarity Between Orlando Shooter And All-American Christian ‘Values’,"The shooter in Orlando, Omar Mateen, was enraged when he saw two men kissing. Apparently, that was enough reason for him to go on the worst shooting rampage in U.S. history at a gay nightclub, which has left dozens dead, and dozens more wounded. While conservatives are busy blaming radical Islam (along with Middle Eastern refugees and President Obama), one man has the most rational tweet there is on this.Quite simply put, Mateen may have pledged himself to ISIS, but ISIS hates the LGBT community and so did Mateen. Who else hates the LGBT community?If #omarmateen was motivated by radical Islam, his hatred of LGBTQ people is consistent with US religious right and  religious freedom  laws  Captain Renault (@JohnMonch) June 12, 2016BOOM! That s right, our own right-wing Christians hate the LGBT community. Of course, they cover their hatred and bigotry with pretty, all-American phrases like  religious freedom,  and  the First Amendment,  but they re motivated by the same hate that motivated Mateen.Take a look at North Carolina s anti-LGBT law, which requires people to use the restrooms that correspond to the gender on their birth certificate. State representative Dan Bishop, the primary sponsor of that law, compared LGBT-equality advocates to the Taliban as justification for that law. He also damned the LGBT community itself as a major threat to freedom.His constituents support and spread these dangerous ideas, and he gave them their mouthpiece when he authored that law.Ted Cruz, who rose to prominence as the primary architect of GOP obstruction in the Senate, and solidified his reputation as a hard-right Christian bigot while running for president, has also spewed hate about the LGBT community. He wants to reverse the Supreme Court s marriage equality decision, and he flat-out lies about the  threat  that transgender women pose to little girls in public restrooms when he voices his support of these idiotic bathroom laws.While Mateen was very likely not influenced by these people, he was influenced by ISIS  hatred of the LGBT community. Yet the attitude is the same   Islam and Christianity both consider homosexuality to be a sin. Both have their radical sects that twist these things into something vile and sadistic that they then use to justify hate crimes and terrorism against the LGBT community.For right-wing Christians to condemn anybody for this shooting, when they themselves spout the same baloney that causes that very hate, is hypocritical at best. Before pointing the finger at radical Islam, they need to take a good, long look in their mirrors, and remove the logs from their own eyes first.Featured image via MySpace and Twitter",0
5904, Second Anti-Gay Massacre Stopped By Police In L.A. (VIDEO),"Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks confirmed that a man arrested on his way to gay pride event in Los Angeles, CA  intended to do harm,  to those in attendance.According to the Los Angeles Times, the man has been identified as Indiana resident James Howell. Howell was in possession of  a cache of weapons, ammunition and explosive-making materials,  when he was stopped by police on the morning of June 12.At this time police say they have not found a connection between Howell and Omar Mateen, the Florida man who killed 53 people and injured more than 50 others at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Sunday morning.According to police, they first encountered Howell after receiving a call about a suspected prowler in a Santa Monica neighborhood. The Los Angeles Times reports that Howell was knocking on doors, loitering in the area, and exhibiting behavior that caused local residents to feel uneasy.After inspecting Howell s car, police discovered the weapons stash, which included three rifles, one of them an assault rifle and  a lot of ammunition.  Howell was also in possession of a five-gallon bucket containing the explosive Tannerite. Tannerite is commonly used for making pipe bombs.Howell initially told police he was waiting for a friend. Later he stated that he was going to the gay-pride event in Los Angeles to find a friend. The Los Angeles Times reports that authorities are still looking for that person. Police have not said that they believe the individual is a threat.While police say that they ramped up security for the Los Angeles gay-pride event, they also said that they did not believe there was a reason to cancel.Following the mass shooting at Pulse in Orlando, many people felt an even greater need to participate in the Los Angeles rally. I feel like it s all the more reason to come out,  one participant told the Los Angeles Times. He went to say that the violence is  trying to push us back. This is showing we re still here, we re still going to take a stand. Here s more from KTLA:Image credit: video screen capture KTLA",0
5905, This Gay Man’s Love-Filled Response To The Orlando Shooting Is Going Viral,"On Sunday morning, Americans awoke to the news that 50 people had been senselessly murdered in Orlando, Florida, simply because they were gay.The shooter was a New York born red, white and blue New Yorker, who just happened to have the name Omar Mateen. He also allegedly claimed an association with ISIS.Some Americans have been celebrating that the shooting happened in a gay nightclub. Others, like Donald Trump, are gloating, thinking that this justifies his xenophobia (again, the shooter was an American citizen. He only had to cross state borders). The true victims, no matter how you frame it, though, are the LGBT community, who have been the targets of hatred for centuries, and today was just another example.Jacob Tobia is an outspoken member of the LGBT community. They (according to their website) are a speaker, a writer and an advocate and not a fan of gender-specific pronouns. Jacob s response to the shooting has gone viral for a very good reason. It s all about love, something we are sorely lacking in today s political climate:They are right. This is not a battle between the LGBT community and Islam. The right would like nothing more. Donald Trump would like nothing more. This is a battle between love and hate, and it s time that hate loses.Judging by the comments, most agree with Tobia.Their Twitter feed isn t much different:It doesn t matter if the shooter was Muslim His identity, our fear, our sadness: nothing justifies islamophobia pic.twitter.com/zE8OU1x0rc  Jacob Tobia (@JacobTobia) June 12, 2016There was only one sickening response, which in today s climate of hate, isn t bad: @JacobTobia It matters. The shooter was crazy, and a Muslim (but I repeat myself). Islam is a gutter ideology. #whiteLiberals sicken me.  Jack (@JWilliamPope) June 12, 2016Let s hope this message of love can get through to the hearts of those who hate. The LGBT community did nothing to bring this tragedy on and the Muslim community as a whole is not to blame.Featured image via Jacob Tobia s Twitter.",0
5906, Conservatives Desperately Turn To Social Media To Blame Refugees For Orlando Shooting (TWEETS),"Early Sunday morning, Omar Mateen walked into a gay nightclub in Orlando and proceeded to murder 50 people, and wound over 50 more. He was allegedly set off by seeing two men kissing, and decided that was reason enough to commit the worst domestic terror attack since 9/11. Conservatives all over the place have been quick to jump on this, not as a failure of Islamophobia and their  more guns everywhere  mantra, but as a failure of policies that allow Middle Eastern immigrants and refugees here.Let s be clear: Mateen was not a refugee. He was a 29-year old U.S. citizen from New York who obtained his guns legally. His parents were Afghan refugees, though, who would have come to the U.S. under conservative icon St. Reagan. Mateen came to ISIS as a U.S. citizen living legally in the U.S., which is one way ISIS operates.But conservatives don t care about facts.  We must find a way to make sure nobody blames anything we ve said and done for this!  they cry. Middle Eastern refugees make a convenient scapegoat, so that s what they re doing.Take a look at what they re saying on social media. TONS of conservatives many of whom are Trump drones are blaming refugees for this whether they think Mateen was a refugee himself or not. Get a bucket and some aspirin handy. This will make your hair hurt if it doesn t make you puke first.Omar Mateen   Registered Democrat. Let s import some more Muslim Refugees. Our whole world is upside down because of Islam.  Daxton Brown (@daxtonbrown) June 12, 2016 Ramadan Massacre In Orlando Proves Donald Trump Was Right On Muslim Immigration Ban   Now The End Begins https://t.co/GYuZRF54py  Lorrona (@ibangel) June 12, 2016FBI now saying they first became aware of Omar Mateen in 2013. What about CIA? I say bullshit. Big gov t bullshit. pic.twitter.com/YxgGxnJOzu  TexasLibertarian (@shootist2015) June 12, 2016 #GunControlNow ok fine, but why are we refusing to acknowledge the problem that is #RadicalIslam and continous influx of Syrian refugees?  shreshtha wadhwa (@swadhwa1006) June 12, 2016LGBT folks. More Omar Mateen Islamic terrorists coming to Your Town , like Orlando , w/each Syrian Refugee group.#TrumpTrain #neverhillary  Obama World of Oz (@Obamaisnuts) June 12, 2016 Omar Saddiqui Mateen is not the need for gun control, but the need for a refugee ban and a wall  Leroy Bierfreund (@BierfreundLeroy) June 12, 2016@LindaSuhler Afghan refugee w US passport Omar Mateen a Muslim, shot 103 LGBT, notice both main support groups for HRC, are gays suicidal?  Nu iOtwo (@nuiotwo) June 12, 2016Of course, we can always count on Donald Trump to congratulate himself and his formidable psychic powers after a tragedy like this: Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don t want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016It didn t stop with Twitter. Search  Omar Mateen refugee  on Facebook and you ll see post, after post, after post like the ones that follow.However, below is a tweet that actually makes sense. Mateen s  values  are in line with our right-wing Christian values. It s a good bet that we have squillions of right-wing Christians condemning his  values  though, while preaching the exact same hate and bigotry against the LGBT community. They are hypocrites of the worst kind. If #omarmateen was motivated by radical Islam, his hatred of LGBTQ people is consistent with US religious right and  religious freedom  laws  Captain Renault (@JohnMonch) June 12, 2016Xenophobia and Islamophobia are infecting our country, and it s stopping people from being able to think reasonably about this, and about how conservative ideology contributed to this. One publication, called Now The End Begins, has this headline on their top story: Ramadan Massacre In Orlando Proves Donald Trump Was Right On Muslim Immigration Ban An immigration ban would have stopped this? Please. Mateen was already here. However, the editor of that story showed himself to be a Trump drone, saying at the top of the story: The early morning Islamic terror attack in Orlando is now being called the worst mass shooting in United States history, with the death toll now at 50 and rising. Donald Trump said this would happen and has called repeatedly for a complete ban on all Muslim immigration. I say it s also time to start closing down the mosques as well. And do what with all those displaced Muslims? ISIS will have a field day recruiting them after that.Pamela Gellar, who can always be counted on to have one of the worst responses to any tragedy like this, wrote her own post in which she said:Yes, by all means, find any justification possible to deflect blame from all the directions it will come, because that s what conservatives do. These people are the reason ISIS can recruit within the U.S. Their ranting, raving and railing is what will make it worse.Featured image by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5907, Trump Busted For Plagiarizing His Orlando Mass Shooting Tweet,"By nearly all accounts, Donald Trump s response to the worst mass shooting in American history has been very, very bad. Never one to let a tragedy get in the way of self-glorification, Trump has come across as cold-hearted, moronic, and narcissistic   often all at the same time. Now he can add  fake  to the list as well.In the early moments after the attack, Trump began by sending out a vague reaction to the attack claiming he was thinking of the victims, only to follow it up with a random, unrelated smear directed at Hillary Clinton. Since then, he s released a torrent of anti-Muslim bigotry. He s congratulated himself for being  right  about Muslims. He never once mentioned the heartbreaking fact that the attack was in an iconic gay night club and most of the victims were LGBTQ. Nor has he mentioned that this appears to be as much an anti-gay hate crime as an Islamic terror attack.Oh and he also stole a reporter s tweet and passed it off as his own so as to not have to share the spotlight with someone else even for one second.CNN s Brian Stelter caught him red handed.It looks like Trump flagrantly copy & pasted @SebGorka's unsourced 2:03pm tweet, tweaked it, and posted at 2:52pm pic.twitter.com/aAHWUHvvnH  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) June 12, 2016As is immediately clear, Trump  flagrantly copy and pasted  reporter Sebastian Gorka s tweet and made it his own. Why didn t he just retweet Gorka if he wanted to pass along the information? Because then he wouldn t get the retweets and likes that he so desperately craves.Throughout the day, Trump has put on a master class in how not to handle a national tragedy. He s made the event exclusively about himself. To contrast Trump s ego, both President Obama and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton have released statements that honor the victims, condemn the attacks, and demonstrate a sensitivity to the startling acts of terror. In particular, Obama took pains to not lose sight of the victims and their identity   something Trump has yet to even mention.This is an especially heartbreaking day for all of our friends, our fellow Americans, who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. The shooter targeted a night club where people came together to be with friends, to dance and to sing, and to live. The place where they were attacked is more than a night club, it is a place of solidarity and empowerment, where people have come together to raise awareness, to speak their minds, and to advocate for their civil rights. So this is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation, is an attack on all of us, and on the fundamental values of equality and dignity that define us as as country.Compare that to how President Trump would react:Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016 Pathetic  doesn t even begin to describe that.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5908, Donald Trump Takes Credit For Being ‘Right’ About Terrorism After Orlando Shooting,"As if there wasn t enough reasons to hate Donald Trump, his response to the Orlando shooting that claimed 50 lives and possibly more will make your blood boil.Even as bodies are still being counted and families await to hear the fate of their loved ones, Trump decided to take the opportunity to prove that he was  right  about terrorism and that he  appreciates  people  congratulating  him on being right in a tweet just sent out:Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don t want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016When Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren told him to delete his account, they were right. Any person who uses any platform to praise themselves after a tragedy should never be allowed to hold any office, let alone the presidency.Does the country need any more proof that Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit for the job? Perhaps the blowhard should stop hiding behind his phone and actually come out with a comprehensive policy idea   oh wait, he boasts that he doesn t have or need policy ideas. He ll just wing it and see what happens.But he has a comprehensive plan for guns, apparently. After his circus endorsement from the NRA, Trump laid out every right-wing talking point veiled as policy, which includes the lie that Hillary Clinton will take everyone s guns (the same argument that will be on full blast following this tragedy).It should come as no shock Trump used this tragedy to congratulate himself. Republicans are reeling from his racist ranting, let s see if they step up to the plate to denounce this politicized, sensationalist egotistical crap.Can Twitter finally deactivate this idiot s account once and for all?Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
5909, Activist Trolls Republicans For Their Phony Condolences Over Orlando Shooting,"The United States just experienced its worst mass shooting in history. Fifty members of the LGBT community were gunned down in a gay nightclub in Orland0, Florida while 53 more were taken to the hospital, many with life threatening injuries.The assailant, a Muslim man yielding an AR-15 assault rifle, was allegedly (according to his father) incensed after seeing two men kiss, and a rage brewed inside him.And now that the carnage is over, millions have offered their thoughts and prayers. Included in those thoughts and prayers are the phony and hackneyed  prayers  from the very people who 99 percent of the time, side with guns over people s lives: Republicans.From Senators to Governors to members of the House (the same people who voted against LGBT equality and for near total gun  rights ), Republicans offered their thoughts to the victims and their families.But the deputy director of the Center for American Progress Action Fund, Igor Volsky, reminded the people why the GOP s  thoughts and prayers  are just that   and nothing else:We pray you will have the courage to stand up to @NRA and start national conversation about limiting access to guns https://t.co/aEq1YJw3pd  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 Sen @TomCottonAR received $2,581,794 in expenditures from NRA, so he voted against closing terror gap back in Dec https://t.co/XEOVJHjL5d  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016.@SenCapito go $94,261 in expenditures from @NRA, so she voted against bill denying guns to people on terror list https://t.co/YalqnQ5w7R  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 .@NRA dumped $922K into McConnell s re-elect, so he voted against stopping people on terror list from buying guns https://t.co/W9dVwBZ959  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016Terrorists urge followers to buy guns in US https://t.co/VlFf7wX2TA @JerryMoran voted 2keep FBI from stopping them https://t.co/URFLZ3Nkh6  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 .@SenBobCorker received $5,929 in expenditures from @NRA and in Dec voted against bill to deny terrorists guns https://t.co/RrJvEyYgy9  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016Heartbreaking that you took $7,500 from @NRA and now won t stand up to their opposition of all sensible gun laws https://t.co/w1rXF7O0tN  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 .@SenPatRoberts got $322,453+ in expenditures from @NRA, so his response to biggest mass shooting will be this tweet https://t.co/sYx4C8UqbS  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016.@RepReneeEllmers got $2K from @NRA during 2014 election cycle to reduce gun violence using her #ThoughtsAndPrayers https://t.co/vkm28hnJdL  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 Also devastating you took $26K in contributions from pro-gun groups & now won t do anything to prevent un violence https://t.co/h7iB7XG0Na  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016.@KellyAyotte voted against expanding background checks after Newtown.Now she s back to just thinking & praying https://t.co/7ofKPwholg  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 Sen @JohnCornyn got $15,909 in expenditures from @NRA so voted against measure restricting guns to terrorists in Dec https://t.co/3ObobdOMKT  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) June 12, 2016 No one is believing the GOP or their crocodile tears. Thoughts and prayers mean nothing if you aren t willing to change the system.Senate Republicans allowed people on terrorist watchlists to have guns. The Orlando shooter was on such a list. Republicans cannot be taken seriously and their thoughts are empty and their prayers mean nothing.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
5910, The Gay Men Killed In Fl. Shooting Would Not Have Been Able To Donate Blood Today,"Blood donations are urgently needed in the Orlando, Florida area following Saturday night s massacre. So far, 50 people have died in the massacre and at least 53 are hospitalized due to injuries. The shooting took place at Pulse, an LGBT nightclub.The current crisis reveals the incredibly homophobic rules put in place by the FDA regarding blood donations. The FDA s current rules stipulate that any man who has had sex with another man cannot donate blood until they have been celibate for one year. This bars nearly all gay and bisexual men from being able to donate blood.According to reports, One Blood, a blood donation center in Orlando, has temporarily lifted the ban on blood for their organization, allowing men who have had homosexual intercourse donate to their organization. One Blood reports that their blood donation center is currently at capacity. However, they will still need high numbers of donations over the next few days in order to keep replenishing their stock. A tremendous response by blood donors in light of the tragic mass shooting in Orlando. We are asking donors to donate over the next several days to help replenish the blood supply. We are asking people please make an appointment online or call 1.888.9.DONATE (1.888.936.6283). Thank you! As our nation collectively mourns the massive loss of life in Florida, it is a good time for us to look at the institutionalized homophobia that helps to create a culture that determines that LGBT lives and bodies are lesser than that of heteronormative individuals. Right now, the blood of gay and bisexual men, as well as so many others, stains the interior of the Pulse nightclub. Orlando s Mayor Buddy Dyer, described the scene by saying: There s blood everywhere. As far as the FDA is concerned, the blood of those who died on Saturday had no value to living.Blood is thoroughly screened by blood donation organizations no matter who donates to them. There is no need for this discriminatory policy. Nothing should prevent a healthy person from being able to give the gift of saving a life. The horror that occurred on Saturday night proved that gay, bisexual, straight, man, women, black, or white we all bleed and that all life is precious.Featured image from Photo by Tim Matsui/Getty Images",0
5911, WATCH: Fox News Is Already Blaming President Obama For The Mass Shooting In Orlando,"Well that didn t take long.The bodies are still warm and the count of the dead continues, but Fox News already knows who is to blame for the mass shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando and it isn t the man who actually pulled the trigger.No, Fox News is blaming President Obama for the shooting while claiming that it s because he refuses to blame Islam for acts of terrorism even though an investigation is just getting started and hasn t confirmed anything yet. Doesn t the politicization of all of this, the relentless lying by the administration about the Islamic terror threat we face make it harder for people to want to step forward and say what they see?  host Tucker Carlson asked after bringing up the San Bernardino shooting to claim that President Obama isn t keeping America safe from terrorism.Fox counterterrorism expert Sebastian Gorka, of course, agreed.  Absolutely, it s horrific,  he replied before launching into a story about how an administration official allegedly approached him a police training session and told him that the real threat to America is white supremacists.If the story is true, the administration official was not wrong.According to the New York Times:Since Sept. 11, 2001, nearly twice as many people have been killed by white supremacists, anti-government fanatics and other non-Muslim extremists than by radical Muslims.And law enforcement agrees.A survey to be published this week asked 382 police and sheriff s departments nationwide to rank the three biggest threats from violent extremism in their jurisdiction. About 74 percent listed anti-government violence, while 39 percent listed  Al Qaeda-inspired  violence.Sounds like Fox News needs a new expert, especially since this latest mass shooting has not been concluded to have been an act of terrorism linked to radical Muslims.And while Fox was quick to call this shooting an act of terrorism simply because the shooter has brown skin and the name of Omar Mateen, they refused to call the Charleston mass shooting an act of terror because the shooter was a white supremacist.Clearly, Fox News is still practicing a double standard where right-wing terrorists are treated with kid gloves while anyone with brown skin is immediately labeled a terrorist. Make no mistake, what happened in Orlando is an act of terrorism, but so are mass shootings by white gunmen and it s time for conservative media to stop the bullshit.Also, President Obama is NOT to blame for this shootings. The only person to blame is the asshole who pulled the trigger and our lax gun laws that make it so easy for anyone to get their hands on a gun.But Fox News still wasn t done. They brought Newt Gingrich on the show and he wasted no time demonizing the entire religion of Islam and pinned the blame on President Obama for the shooting. The Obama administration had deliberately and willfully for seven years tried to avoid telling the American people the truth about an ideology which is an enormous threat to our civilization and which is winning the war. Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, if anyone is making America less safe, it s Fox News for calling over a billion people around the world terrorists even though it is only a few who twist Islam to justify their extremism. It would be like claiming that all Christians are terrorists because conservatives use the Bible to justify discrimination and acts of violence against black people and the LGBT community.Once again, Fox News proves why it is definitely NOT  fair and balanced. Featured image via screen capture",0
5912, Conservative Texas Lt. Governor Tweets Vile Bible Verse After Mass Shooting In LGBT Club,"Conservatives are already praising God for the murder of 20 or more people at an LGBT night club in Orlando, Florida.On Saturday night, a gunman walked into the club with an assault rifle and began shooting people. So far, at least 20 are confirmed dead but police say the death toll could be as high as 50.But it didn t take long for Republicans to merely offer  thoughts and prayers  instead of vowing to take actions that would make their NRA masters very angry.Some Republicans, however, have absolutely no compassion for those who were slaughtered because they are anti-gay bigots who believe the victims got what they deserved.The following morning after the terrorist attack took place, Texas Lt. Governor Dan Patrick posted a vile Bible verse on Twitter citing Galatians 6:7 which reads:  Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows. Here s an image of the Tweet via the Houston Chronicle.In other words, Patrick thinks that the people shot and killed at Pulse Orlando had it coming because they were at a gay night club. According to conservative  Christians  like Patrick, being gay is a sin against God punishable by death.Twitter users immediately blasted Patrick for his lack of compassion.  Have you no shame?  one user wrote.Texas Democratic Party Chair Gilberto Hinojosa also condemned the tweet. Hate and violence have no place in America,  he said.  Unfortunately, Texans in mourning for our families in Florida woke up to an embarrassment from their lieutenant governor. Lt.Gov Dan Patrick, please apologize immediately. Make this right. We are better than this. But Patrick has not apologized nor has he expressed condolences to the families of those who were killed. He merely deleted the post.Make no mistake, many conservatives are cheering this act of terrorism today and they should be ashamed of themselves for it.Featured Image: YouTube",0
5913, U.S. Presidential Candidates React To Orlando Shooting (TWEETS),"The nation is in mourning for the lives of 50 people that were taken during a mass shooting that took place Saturday night at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. The shooter has been identified as Omar Mateen of Port St. Lucie, Florida. The current number of people who are hospitalized with injuries from the shooting is 53. This makes Saturday night s massacre the largest mass shooting in United States history.The massacre is already being heavily politicized, with Fox hosts actually blaming Obama for the shooting. How they figure they can make that connection is anyone s guess.Here is how the presumptive presidential nominees reacted to news of the shooting on Twitter:Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2016Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 12, 2016Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders appeared on MSNBC s Meet The Press early Sunday morning where he called the shooting  horrific  and  unthinkable  while calling for people to come together to create solutions to help end these types of tragedies. He also called for the creation of a national instant background system that will help to keep dangerous individuals from getting these weapons.""It's horrific, it's unthinkable,"" says @BernieSanders on #OrlandoShooting this morning on @MeetThePress. #MTP #Orlando  NBC News PR (@NBCNewsPR) June 12, 2016Mateen s motivations for the shooting are still currently unknown. His father has spoken out publicly issuing an apology for his son s actions claiming that  this had nothing to do with religion.  Mateen s father says that he saw his son become very angry previously when he would see two men kissing.Investigators are trying to determine whether this shooting is a matter of domestic terrorism or international terrorism. Reports indicate that every person killed at the nightclub was shot with an assault rifle. It has been reported that Mateen was also carrying a handgun and some type of explosive device.Featured image from  Photo by Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5914, Father Of Orlando Shooter Says His Son Got ‘Angry’ When Seeing Two Men Kiss (VIDEO),"The shooter responsible for a mass shooting that is being investigated as an act of terrorism has been identified as Omar Mateen of Port St. Lucie, Florida. Mateen s father was contacted by MSNBC, where he spoke out against the mass shooting that took 50 people s lives at Pulse, a gay nightclub located in Orlando, late Saturday night. The extremely high death toll makes this incident the largest mass shooting in United States history. There are dozens of people who have been hospitalized with injuries, experts have said that they expect to see the death toll increase over time.It has been confirmed that the shooter used both a handgun and an  AR15 type rifle. Mayor Dyer: 50 dead in Pulse nightclub shooting. @ChiefJohnMina Suspect had handgun and AR15 type rifle.  Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) June 12, 2016 We are saying we are apologizing for the whole incident. We weren t aware of any accident he is taking. We are in shock like the whole country. This had nothing to do with religion. The father of the shooter says that he saw his son become  angry when he saw two men kissing in downtown Miami a couple months ago. Here is the MSNBC report on the story:WATCH: Father of shooter in Orlando club tells NBC News:  We are apologizing for the whole incident https://t.co/SJiy3pFAYJ  TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 12, 2016So far a motive for the shooting has not been released by investigators. Investigators have not yet determined whether the shooting is an act of domestic terrorism or whether Marteen was acting in collusion with an international terrorist organization.Fatriana Evans was outside of Pulse when the shooting began. She told the Associated Press: Some guy walked in and started shooting everybody. He had an automatic rifle, so nobody stood a chance. I just tried to get out of there. Featured image from Gerardo Mora/Getty Images",0
5915, Hillary Hits Trump And His So-Called ‘University’ HARD In Brilliant New Ad,"Hillary Clinton is pulling out all the stops in her campaign against Donald Trump, and her newest ad is no exception. It s an infomercial for Trump University, and highlights some of the things various fraud investigations discovered while also quoting testimony from former employees and investigators. It boils the whole controversy down to the meat and potatoes of the scam, and puts Trump and his  university  in a very uncomfortable light.It s the maniacally cheerful sarcasm in the narrative that really pulls it all together, though, with gems like: Now, you too can be a source of Trump s wealth with Trump University! Pay for Trump University at the amazing price of everything you have! There is no step three! You won t actually learn anything. It s that easy! This is especially good given that Trump claims he s going to reopen Trump University after the lawsuit is over (which he s sure he ll either win, or get tossed out). And guess what? He won t just be president of the United States, he ll be president of a  university  that has fresh, all-new ways of scamming people!Watch the video below. It really is brilliant.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5916, President Obama Smacks Down GOP Attempt To Let Wall Street Defraud Seniors,"President Obama just smacked down an attempt by the Republican Congress to let Wall Street defraud senior citizens.As Addicting Info reported here on April 30, republicans in Congress have been trying to overturn President Obama s rule requiring financial advisors to act in the best interest of their clients.This rule was put in place by the Obama administration following a scathing report from Senator Elizabeth Warren s office. Warren s report showed that financial advisors were personally profiting from giving bad advice to people seeking retirement investment information.As Addicting Info reported here, financial advisers were being rewarded with all-expenses-paid, luxury vacations to places like South Africa, the Bahamas and Aruba, as well as golf outings, theater tickets, gift cards and cash prizes, all for steering retirees toward risky, company-owned investment options.A loophole in federal law made it legal for financial advisors to knowingly give people who turned to them for advice on retirement investments bad information.President Obama directed the Department of Labor to close the loophole, a move which outraged Wall Street firms and their Republican representatives in Congress.On April 19, republicans introduced legislation that would have overturned the newly revised rule.The legislation, H.J.Res.88, passed the House by a party-line vote of 234-183. It passed the Senate 56-41, with three democrats voting in support, Joe Donnelly of Illinois, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Jon Tester of Montana.The legislation made its way to the president, who promptly vetoed it on Wednesday.In his veto message to Congress, the president wrote: The Department of Labor s final rule will ensure that American workers and retirees receive retirement advice that is in their best interest, better enabling them to protect and grow their savings. It is essential that these critical protections go into effect. Republicans do not have the necessary votes to overturn the President s veto.Image credit: Wikimedia Commons",0
5917, FL Pastor ‘Accidentally’ Shoots Wife In The Head While Cleaning Gun,"According to Pastor Darrell Reid, he was cleaning his gun inside the home he shared with his wife of 35 years on Monday, when the gun accidentally  went off,  shooting her in the head.Reid s wife, Katie, was rushed to Apopka Hospital, where she was pronounced dead a short time later.According to the Christian Post, the couple met when they were 12 years old. They ran a church called  Happy Hill Ministries  out of their home, located in Zellwood, Florida.It appears that the couple s outward appearance of happiness wasn t quite the reality.WKMG reports that police were called to the pastor s home on 23 separate occasions over the past three years.Reid was arrested multiple times for violent crimes. According to WKMG, the pastor was most recently charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, but the charge was never prosecuted. He was also charged with resisting a police officer with violence in 2012. That charge was also never prosecuted.WKMG reports:A close family friend who didn t want to be identified told News 6 the couple had a violent relationship.Reid s attorney, on the other hand, told the Orlando Sentinel that the couple  seemed very close,  noting that  they always came to court together. A neighbor said that while he couldn t imagine that Reid intentionally killed his wife, he also has a hard time understanding how you can  accidentally  shoot someone while cleaning a gun.Judging from his criminal background, Reid was someone who should never have been allowed to posses a gun. Police had been called to the couple s home almost two dozen times.  He was charged with multiple violent crimes, yet his status as a white, Christian minister no doubt helped him walk away from those crimes unpunished, time and time again.According to the website smartgunlaws.org:Florida law does not explicitly authorize or require the removal or surrender of firearms at the scene of a domestic violence incident.Police are currently investigating the  accidental  shooting death of 62-year-old Katie Reid.In the meantime, Darrell Reid remains free and likely in possession of a gun.Featured image via Happy Hill Ministries",0
5918," Elizabeth Warren Supporter Purchases ‘Pocahontas’ Domain, Trolls Donald Trump","As Elizabeth Warren amps up her attacks on the Donald Trump and his fraudulent university (and V.P. rumors are abuzz), the GOP nominee has decided to write her off simply as  Pocahontas,  echoing attacks from Scott Brown s campaign made over a controversy that looms over the Massachusetts senator.But like Hillary Clinton with her  delete your account  comment, a Warren supporter is trolling the  loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud  (Warren s words) by purchasing the domain site Pocahontas.com and linking it back to her Senate campaign website.It s the ultimate trolling. After calling her  the Indian,  Republicans have yet again been put into an awkward situation with Trump s blatant racism. According to the Washington Post, some Republican lawmakers such as John McCain and Tom Cole (who is Native American) are uncomfortable with the rhetoric while some, including Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Roger Wicker of Mississippi, are brushing it off as  good humor. Trump s comments also caused ire with weary Republicans at Mitt Romney s summit in Utah, where mega-donors like Meg Whitman compared the Republican nominee to Hitler and Mussolini due to his racist rhetoric.Considering the fact that Hillary Clinton is ahead of Trump in five new national polls, it would make sense that the orange racist with tiny hands would go after Elizabeth Warren, who may very well be Clinton s running mate. In fact, at a rally, Trump again referred to Warren as  Pocahontas  while his supporters responded with fake Indian war chants.Totally not racist, right?So please, if you can, type in Pocahontas.com and consider donating to Elizabeth Warren (she ll be needing it if she decides to join Hillary Clinton in making history).Trump s racist rhetoric is catching up to him, and people can see it. Clinton and Warren are also getting under his skin. Instead of promising good policy, Trump has devoting all his time to comebacks on Twitter.If this how the campaign will unfold, get ready for a Clinton landslide.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5919, This Is How Trump Made Millions While Running His Casinos Into The Ground,"Trump s business prowess is his major selling point with his followers, and he s trying to sell it to the rest of the world. After all, he s made tons of money, right? That makes him such a brilliantly successful businessman, and he s so smart that he can translate that enormous fount of skill and knowledge into politics, and  make America great again. What he doesn t talk about are his many failures, and how he turned those failures into money for himself, even while his employees suffered, Atlantic City suffered, and his investors suffered. What did he suffer? Oh, that s right, the stigma of fleecing, which isn t a stigma at all as far as he s concerned.How did he do it? He put up very little money of his own, shifted his personal debt over onto his casinos, and let the consequences of his failures fall onto his investors, who had bet that he was actually a good businessman. While all that was going on, he sat back and collected millions in salaries, bonuses and other payments.As a result, his casinos suffered from too much debt and too little revenue. He borrowed money for them at such ridiculously high interest rates that there was almost no chance his casinos could ever succeed. He did this after telling regulators he wouldn t, too. He filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy four times, and then continued with the expensive loans.In fact, he filed for bankruptcy on the Trump Taj Mahal twice, and Trump Plaza Casinos once. He then reorganized into Trump Entertainment Resorts, Inc., which ended up with $1.8 billion in debt (yes, that s with a  b ), and then he filed bankruptcy there, too. Each time, he convinced his bondholders to accept much less money while he continued to pile on the debt.He also took money out of his casinos in Atlantic City to invest in his Manhattan properties, and then from his smaller Atlantic City properties to try and prop up the Taj Mahal. He called Atlantic City a  very good cash cow for me for a long time.  The lesson he learned from all that? Don t leave yourself on the hook for loans. So he shifts debt to everywhere else he can to avoid having to pay for it himself.In other words, he s a diamond-level master manipulator. Nobody without his skill at manipulation could have walked away from that many failures with millions in their pockets.His casinos aren t his only failed businesses though. He also has:That s a hefty list of businesses at which he s tried and failed. His casinos are probably the worst, though, because they had the biggest negative impact. The impact was made worse by a weak-kneed board that allowed him to rake in his own dough even though his casinos couldn t draw in enough people to create a sufficient revenue stream, let alone deal with the debt they were carrying.When Trump left Atlantic City, many people were happy to see him go not just because he was a blemish on their industry and city, but also because he failed to pay contractors and other workers for the work they did on his casinos. That s so sadly typical of Trump.As president, his business acumen would be his greatest liability, not his greatest asset. All he knows is manipulation in favor of himself. He doesn t actually know how to do anything real, as this demonstrates.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5920," No, Google Is Not Cheating For Hillary Clinton (VIDEO)","For months now, Republicans and some in the Bernie Sanders camp have been looking for a smoking gun; a damning piece of evidence that proves, without a shadow of a doubt, that Hillary Clinton is cheating. The YouTube channel, SourceFed, thought they found the smoking gun, when they demonstrated what they thought was irrefutable proof that Google was in the tank for Hillary Clinton. Unfortunately, SourceFed has no idea how Google works.The premise behind the conspiracy theory involves Google s predictive search or autocomplete. When users type in partial key phrases, like  Hillary Clinton cri,  other search engines, like Bing and Yahoo, list as a possible search phrase,  Hillary Clinton crimes.  Google doesn t.Here s the video:This is what I get when I type in  Hillary Clinton cri  on Google.Yahoo gives me this:Bing, this:After watching the video, I conducted my own little experiment. Surely, if Google was in the tank for Clinton, it would show up under non-predictive search results, right? For example, I typed in the words,  Hillary Clinton  in Google, and below the paid content and the standard things on top, like Wikipedia, there s a whole lot of negative stuff:Those are the listings on page one. Going deeper into the searches brings up a lot more negative than positive.Unfortunately, my experiment isn t any more scientific than SourceFed s, but others know more and they say that it s SourceFed that was manipulating the search results, not Google. Google, which should surprise few, has a more sophisticated search engine than either Bing or Yahoo. They do sort of manipulate searches, but not to influence public opinion. They don t include unfounded negative listings in their autocomplete options, no matter how many people are searching those rumors. Clinton has never been convicted or even indicted of a crime, hence it not showing up. By the same token, entering  Donald Trump la  does not bring up  Donald Trump lawsuits,  despite the fact that a whole lot of people are searching for information about his lawsuits. It does include  Donald Trump laughing,  though.Just to test that, I entered  Bill Clinton i,  because we know he was impeached, and surely, if Google were manipulating autocomplete results for Hillary, then they would certainly do it for her husband, right? Wrong:Remember that Bernie Sanders rape fantasy essay from eons ago, that absolutely no one should care about? Google doesn t care about it either:Similarly, I did a search for  Donald Trump bri,  half expecting results for his alleged bribery of two Attorneys General. Nothing:The most ridiculous part of the SourceFed allegation, though, is their assumption that people don t continue and enter all the letters and hit  enter,  which would bring up numerous rumors, conspiracy theories and allegations, including the accusations of search manipulations by Google. You d think they d at least keep themselves from looking bad in their search rankings, right? They don t.Here s what Google has to say about it: Claims to the contrary simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works. Our Autocomplete algorithm will not show a predicted query that is offensive or disparaging when displayed in conjunction with a person s name. More generally, our autocomplete predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity of search terms,  said the statement.Featured image via YouTube.",0
5921, Fox Contributor Makes Total Fool Of Himself With Strange Idea To Defeat Both Hillary And Trump,"Fox News  Greg Gutfeld isn t happy with our presidential candidates. He sees Hillary Clinton as a criminal, and Donald Trump as a liberal in conservatives  clothing. To him, if there was ever an election where the choice was between two true evils, this is it. He s got a solution to the problem though: Elect a robot to be president this year.No, really, he did say that. Gutfeld would nominate IBM s Watson supercomputer for president if he could. He said: The fact is, every single bad decision in life is an emotional one, in which feelings, insecurity and ego overcome our rational brain. So is every single good decision. That s the first spot where he shows off how little he understands this. Another spot is where he talked about how robots won t engage in discrimination: Another plus that eliminates the hazards of sex differences: no disputes over temperature. Studies have shown that women prefer a room warmer than men   roughly 77 degrees to 72. The difference in preference may be due to the lower average skin temperature for women, so they start out already feeling chilly. By eliminating the male/female conflict over the thermostat, we cut down on workplace animosity and  gender-discriminating bias in thermal-comfort predictions.' What? Just what? So people wouldn t work in the White House at all anymore. Sure.His whole line of thought is that, instead of electing a third-party candidate, who would be just as shady as he sees our two main candidates, we should put a cold, emotionless, runs-only-on-algorithms robot in the White House, and lead the free world. Here are some of the other benefits Gutfeld sees with having a robot in the White House:A robot can work nonstop, without the need for a feeding break, and its mental capacities don t diminish at all from a lack of nutrients or sleep.The second item   that there s no sexual harassment or sexism (which could also be parlayed into no more racism, ageism, etc.), is a little more tricky because that algorithm would be programmed by man. Therefore, it could still contain biases against certain demographics.The third point   that robots stick to the algorithm, depends heavily on just how sophisticated as AI beings they are. If all they do is stick to their programming, they d fail miserably as leaders. Leaders have to be able to think creatively, innovatively, and even with emotion and empathy. A robot that just sticks to its algorithms can t do that.Sure, it sounds interesting enough, but for this year (at least), that story should be marked as satire, or otherwise as a joke, because that s what this idea is right now. A joke. Watson isn t sophisticated enough to actually lead the country. It s odd that Gutfeld doesn t know that. Either that or this story is a really stupid joke put forth by a really dense Fox News contributor.Believe it or not, this idea has been floating around for some time as we work towards actually creating artificial intelligence. Zoltan Istvan, a near-totally unknown presidential candidate from a near-totally unknown party, believes that, as soon as 2020, we could see artificially intelligent robots running for president. By 2028, they ll be sophisticated enough to actually do the job.Istvan says: The reality is that AI will likely make far less errors than humans in politics. An AI president would be designed to fully represent the greater good for the people and the country as a whole. Whose influence would be heaviest, though? Republican or Democrat? Conservative or liberal? Istvan believes that we could solve some of the limits of programing, like faulty human bias and the threat of turning the world into some mix of the Terminator films and The Matrix films, by creating empathy in these robots. Empathy is needed when leading a nation, so a robot would have to have it.However, Istvan also says: There are large risks for letting AI take office. Yes, there are, especially right now, because AI is still in a fetal stage of development.Gutfeld, though, doesn t see drawbacks to this at all, because he hates both our candidates equally and very likely doesn t understand what all is involved with putting a robot in a leadership position. He doesn t get that, while yes, Watson is an amazing achievement, it s just not fit to be a leader in any capacity because it lacks the emotion and empathy needed to be a leader.Image by David R. Tribble. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons",0
5922, WATCH: Here’s What It Sounds Like When People Try To Excuse Rape,"The nation is once again having a conversation on sexual assault after a former Stanford student was sentenced to only six months in jail after being convicted of sexually assaulting a 23-year-old woman. The slap on the wrist sentence is just one example of what seems like infinite examples of how society doesn t take sexual assault seriously enough.One of the most common ways that people contribute to this problem is by making excuses for the sexual assailant s actions. A recently released video lampoons those who try to blame the victims of sexual assault by changing the crime committed to murder.The video features two animated individuals discussing the recent murder of a man named James at a large party near their campus. Here is a snippet of how the conversation goes: What was he wearing though? What? You know how he wears all of those V-neck t-shirts? Yeah but I m just saying if you don t want to get stabbed in the neck consider wearing a turtle neck sweater or something. As ridiculous as that statement sounds, it s one that happens on a daily basis across the United States. One of the classic excuses that often come up during these conversations is that the victim of sexual assault  was asking for it  because of the clothes that they wear. Other excuses include the victim s consumption of alcohol, what they were doing at the time, and who they were doing it with.When people come at victims with these excuses, it does nothing but send a message that it is okay to sexually assault someone else. It creates a culture of acceptance of sexual violence. The victim of a crime is never to blame for the actions of the person who made them a victim.No one would ever blame a murder victim for their own murder and no one should ever blame a victim of sexual assault for their assault.You can watch the video in full below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
5923, D.L. Hughley Eviscerates Racist Republicans For Backing ‘Circus Clown’ Trump (VIDEO),"D.L. Hughley is never one to be shy with his opinions, and once again he didn t hold back when discussing GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump s racism, and the fact that despite said racism, top Republicans continue to endorse him. Hughley sat down Joy Reid on her MSNBC show AM Joy, and shredded the entire GOP.First, Joy Reid asked Hughley how he felt about President Barack Obama, and Hughley said: The funniest thing about Barack Obama is there are things we want him to do because he s black and he just won t do. Like we want him to go  Hey, man, that s enough?  And he does it better than like that dude who calls you a liar or some of the stuff. I think he s a decent, humane, thoughtful human being and I think we will miss him when he s gone. Then, Hughley s attentions were turned to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and he had high praise for her as well. He called her As qualified a human being as I have ever seen run for president.  After that, Hughley endorsed the idea of Hillary Clinton having progressive firebrand Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. He said of the potential of such a ticket: This man would react to two competent well-intentioned principled women with glee. I don t see anybody   listen, everything men have, black men in particular have, we have because of women. Everything we have. Every single thing. It s their time in the sun. It s a shame two women   I mean, I m not trying to be offensive, but they seem to be braver. Who fights? Who goes back and forth on Twitter, which is such a dumb notion. But who does Trump stay away from? Elizabeth Warren. Saving the best for last, Hughley then went on to rip not only Donald Trump, but whole GOP for their racism and their endorsing a clear racist for the highest office in the land. He said: Donald Trump is a racist.He s a racist and anybody who   listen, Paul Ryan basically said that s textbook racism. So what Paul Ryan actually said is  a racist is better than a liberal.  If you say that, it s because you re not affected by racism. Everything we are, because liberals built this country, you are what you are because of liberals. Hughley then ripped Reid s MSNBC colleague Joe Scarborough, host of Morning Joe: And I was on with Joe Scarborough, and I don t agree with everything he says, but he brags about this being the  party of Lincoln.  When you ve got to keep referencing the dude on the penny, you better update your resume. Stop it. Everything you enjoy right now, everybody they like now, they hated before. They hated Martin Luther King. Now they pretend. They hated Muhammad Ali, and they didn t like him until he was shaking going up the stairs at the Olympics. They didn t start loving him until he was no longer a threat. You don t get to be a little racist, you don t get to be a little pregnant. Hughley is right. The GOP is full of racists. There s no denying it now. They are literally supporting a racist for president in a country that has one of the nastiest histories of racism ever. They d rather have an incompetent racist who is so thin-skinned he d likely start a war in a fit of crazy rage for president rather than a strong, competent, more than qualified liberal woman. They are literally putting party before country, the good of themselves and their own political careers over that of the nation and world.That says a whole hell of a lot about today s incarnation of the Republican Party, and none of it is good.Thank you, Mr. Hughley, for saying what needs to be said.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5924, Tom Morello: Muhammad Ali’s Legacy Is Being Whitewashed — The Worst Offender Is Trump (VIDEO),"During a segment of HBO s Real Time with Bill Maher, Prophets of Rage guitarist Tom Morello sat down with the show s host Bill Maher where they discussed the legacy of Muhammed Ali.Maher described the influence that the late boxing champion had on himself and the world, saying: He invented hip-hop. It was completely revolutionary. For everyone who is younger, who grew up in a world of hip-hop, where braggadocio is a big part of life. You know I used to say, rap is affirmative action for the ego. Morello agreed with Maher, saying that Ali had influenced himself, saying that he was particularly attracted to Ali because of how unapologetic his attitude was. Morello also went on to comment on how Ali s legacy is now being whitewashed. I was attracted to Muhammad Ali by how he used his vocation to inflict his worldview on the public, and it was unapologetic. In the same way with Nelson Mandela, there s been a sort of a whitewash of who Muhammad Ali was. He was a person who said,  You might not like my religion, but it s my religion. You might not like the color of my skin, or my opinions, but I am just as American as you are. And the powers that be can shove it, because I m the champion of the world and I m the peoples  champion.  And that s thing, as a kid, that made me think, in my vocation, I can express my opinion in a way that is unapologetic as well. Morello was spot on with his statement that Ali s legacy is being whitewashed. That s why a hate-mongerer like Donald Trump feels comfortable tweeted out platitudes to The Greatest despite the fact that Trump s presidential campaign flies in the face of everything that Ali stood for. Ali was so much against Trump s stance on banning Muslim s from entering the United States, that he wrote a public letter lambasting the idea.You can watch the segment below:""Muhammad Ali invented hip-hop."" @BillMaher and @TMorello reflect on Ali's revolutionary and unapologetic persona:https://t.co/qj1YJc1D71  Real Time (@RealTimers) June 11, 2016Featured image from video screenshot",0
5925, GOP Chairman Freaks Out Over This Trump Decision That Will Lose The Election,"Despite the racial outbursts, the insistence that he keep attacking his former primary rivals even though the primaries are over, and the overall haphazard way he is campaigning, Republican chairman Reince Priebus insists that all is well between him and nominee Donald Trump.Of course, like so much in this campaign, that isn t the truth. Behind the scenes, Trump is making a critical error that could doom his attempt to win the presidency more than a simple racist comment, and it is driving the party chairman nuts.Meanwhile, the Trump high-dollar fund-raising operation is showing signs of duress, people here say. A joint fund-raising agreement was hatched last month to split proceeds between the RNC and the Trump campaign. And while the first joint fund-raisers have gone well, RNC chair Reince Priebus has phoned some associates expressing frustration that Trump wants to direct dollars to his own ambitious plans, according to a person who has spoken directly with Priebus, which includes quixotic bids to win deep blue states like California and New York.The RNC did not respond to a request for comment.There isn t any data to indicate that a win in traditionally blue states is remotely possible for Trump to pull off. Most polling has shown that his best shot would come with a winning streak in so-called  purple  states, the same states that both John McCain and Mitt Romney tried to target against President Obama that have swung between both parties with a difference of one percentage point or less.By comparison, no Republican has won California and New York since Ronald Reagan s epic landslide victory in 1984, which was 32 years ago. Both states have delivered huge, lopsided victories to Democratic presidential candidates for decades, and both also consist of the diverse electorates   Latino, black   that are the most opposed to Trump.Republican insiders know and understand this. Trump s ego insists that he should contend in the blue states, especially his home state of New York, but using any money to campaign there is a fool s errand for the Republican Party, made even worse since the GOP is so far behind the Democrats and Secretary Clinton on raising money.It has all the ingredients for an election disaster.Featured image via YouTube",0
5926, Mitt Romney SLAMS Trump’s ‘Trickle-Down Racism’ And REFUSES To Vote GOP (VIDEO),"If there s one Republican we know that is absolutely devastated that Donald Trump is the GOP s front runner, it s former presidential candidate Mitt Romney.In an interview that trumps his previous attacks on the business mogul, Romney laid into The Donald for his racism, xenophobia and misogyny   and admitted that Trump has made it ethically impossible for Romney to support his party in this election. In an interview with CNN s Wolf Blitzer, Romney said: I simply can t put my name down as someone who voted for principles that suggest racism or xenophobia, misogyny, bigotry, [for someone] who s been vulgar time and time again. I don t want to be associated with that in any way, shape or form. Like many prominent GOP leaders, Romney was left disgusted by Trump s recent racially charged remarks about Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is overseeing lawsuits on the fraudulent Trump University. According to Romney, it s too late for Trump to rebrand himself as anything but the hateful, racist, privileged individual he is   he s shown far too much of his true character to redeem himself. He indicated what he believes in his heart about Mexicans and about race by the comments he made about Judge Curiel, and he may try to distance himself from that, but we know what he believes. Romney also slammed Trump for refusing to apologize for his many offensive statements about anyone who isn t a white male, and wondered what having such a horrible person in the White House would mean for America s future. I don t want to see trickle-down racism. I don t want to see a president of the United States saying things which change the character of the generations of Americans that are following. Presidents have an impact on the nature of our nation. And trickle-down racism, trickle-down bigotry, trickle-down misogyny, all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America. This is not a matter of just policy. It s more a matter of character and integrity. You can watch Romney rip Trump below:Mitt Romney says Donald Trump will change America with  trickle-down racism  https://t.co/IhUqGGoW37 https://t.co/sgiEKgx998  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) June 10, 2016Without giving any names, Romney also expressed genuine disappointment in other Republican leaders that continue to support Trump even though many of them (like House Speaker Paul Ryan) have acknowledged that what Trump said was racist beyond doubt. I wish everybody in the Republican Party had rejected Mr. Trump and chosen someone else. Romney said there was no chance in hell he would be giving a racist like Trump his vote, and is considering voting for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson instead.You can watch the full interview below:This interview ruined Trump s day, and he responded by acting like a child and tweeting about it:TwitterFeatured image via Ethan Miller / Getty Images",0
5927, Trump’s Relationship With This Woman Could Lead To HUGE Scandal For GOP,"Many Republicans believe that if Donald Trump s presidential campaign is as unsuccessful as it is ramping up to be, that they can contain the damage. The thought process goes that if Trump is a failure, it is best to keep him at an arm s length, and Republicans won t have to suffer too much for it.But the Trump containment strategy is facing a test, as evidence emerges that Trump s controversial Trump University may have dodged criminal prosecution thanks to a relationship between Trump and Florida attorney general Pam Bondi.Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi is denying that a $25,000 donation from Donald Trump is in any way connected to her office s decision not to pursue action against Trump University, despite dozens of complaints in Florida, her spokesman said.Bondi, who endorsed Trump in March, received the donation in 2013 via a political action committee raising money for her re-election.Bondi, who rose to fame within conservative circles thanks to repeated appearance on Fox News, reportedly received multiple complaints about Trump University s business practices, as new documents released in the fraud litigation against Trump University recently revealed.Instead of doing her job and being an advocate for consumers bilked by Trump University, Bondi s office decided against prosecuting the organization.The complaints show several unsatisfied customers called the course a  scam  and one man claimed it forced him in to personal bankruptcy.Trump has recently announced a campaign event in Florida where Bondi, who supports his nomination, will appear.Texas governor Greg Abbott, who served as state attorney general when legal action was heating up on Trump University, declined to announce that the company was facing a $5.4 million penalty for how they had conducted business in the state. Trump University soon after stopped doing business in the state.Featured image via Twitter",0
5928," Alabama Republican House Speaker Removed From Office, Convicted On Ethics Violations","Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard used his position in the people s chamber to screw the people over. Now he s going to prison for it.On Friday, a jury convicted Hubbard on 12 counts of ethics violations two years after he was first indicted. He had continued to serve as the Speaker of the House in the Alabama state legislature during those two years but his political career is over.According to AL.com, Hubbard was convicted of 12 out of 23 charges which include:Voting on legislation with a conflict of interest that would benefit American Pharmacy Cooperative Inc., a consulting client.Receiving money from a principal, American Pharmacy Cooperative Inc., through a consulting contract.Receiving money from a principal, Edgenuity, through a consulting contract.Using office for personal gain through a consulting contract with Capitol Cups, a business owned by Robert Abrams.Lobbying the state Department of Commerce for consulting client Robert Abrams.Lobbying the governor s office for consulting client Robert Abrams.Using state personnel to benefit consulting client Robert Abrams.Soliciting and receiving money from a principal, former Business Council of Alabama Chairman Will Brooke, a $150,000 investment in Craftmaster Printers.Soliciting and receiving money from a principal, James Holbrook/Sterne Agee, a $150,000 investment in Craftmaster Printers.Soliciting and receiving money from a principal, Great Southern Wood President Jimmy Rane, a $150,000 investment in Craftmaster Printers.Soliciting and receiving money from a principal, Hoar Construction President Robert Burton, a $150,000 investment in Craftmaster Printers.Soliciting and receiving a thing of value from a principal, former BCA Chairman Will Brooke, help obtaining clients for Auburn Network and financial advice for Craftmaster Printers.Hubbard faces up to 20 years in prison for each count and, needless to say, he is going to appeal the verdict.But Attorney General Luther Strange is confident the case was put together so well that getting the decision overturned will be an uphill battle. This is a good day for the rule of law in our state,  Strange said in a statement.  This kind of result would never have been achieved had our office not put together the finest public corruption unit in the country. I m very proud of their work. This should send a clear message that in Alabama we hold public officials accountable for their actions. Here s video of prosecutors discussing the verdict via YouTube.Hubbard isn t the only serving Republican official in Alabama dealing with a major scandal. Governor Robert Bentley has been dealing with his own personal scandal for engaging in an extramarital affair with a female staffer and lying about it. An impeachment resolution has been filed and hearings begin this month. The Alabama Republican Parry sure has been rocked by scandal this year. First the House Speaker, now the Governor.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5929, Meg Whitman Compares Trump To Two Of The World’s Worst Dictators Ever,"The GOP implosion continues, and this time Meg Whitman, failed California gubernatorial candidate, is adding the fuel to the fire.Meeting with Republican leaders at a retreat in Utah, set up by Mitt Romney, Whitman called out House Speaker Paul Ryan over his endorsement of Donald Trump, going as far as to compare the candidate s rhetoric to that of Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini.According to sources who spoke with Politico:At one point, according to two sources, during a question and answer session, Whitman, the billionaire chief executive officer of Hewlett Packard, challenged Ryan over his decision to support Trump. In framing the question, according to the sources, she compared Trump to past historical demagogues including Hitler and Mussolini.In responding to the question, Ryan pointed out that he s criticized Trump in the past. But, as the House Republican leader, he stressed that he had a complex job and had to lead an entire conference.So, in other words, Ryan has no principles and has to act as a sheep for the rest of the tea partiers that have invaded the House of Representatives. It s good to see one Republican expose this truth. Meanwhile, progressives have been saying this for a month now.At the same retreat, Romney told reporters that Trump would usher in  trickle-down racism  should he be elected, echoing Whitman s criticisms that his rhetoric has become over the top.For anyone who might remember, Whitman ran unsuccessfully for governor of California against incumbent Jerry Brown, spending over $140 million of her own money (the most personal money any candidate has used in American history), and lost by 13 percent. In that same election, Carly Fiorina, who would go on to challenge Trump for the GOP presidential nominee, ran and lost to Senator Barbara Boxer.So far, not one Republican has compared Trump to someone like Hitler   until now. And these comments were made in a closed door meeting with high power Republicans. Only God knows what they really say behind closed doors about their precious nominee.Leave it to Meg Whitman to say what the rest of us are thinking, and leave it to Paul Ryan to brush it off and continue being a sheep.Hey, Republicans, how s that unity coming along?Featured image via Andrew Burton",0
5930, USA Swimming Metes Out Punishment That Stanford Rapist REALLY Deserves,"Brock Turner, the 20-year old swimmer who was convicted of raping an unconscious woman behind a dumpster outside of a party, will never, ever get a chance to swim in the Olympics, or compete in U.S. national competitions. His membership with USA Swimming expired two years ago, but he could have become eligible for one again. Instead, USA Swimming hasn t just banned him, they have banned him for life.  ABC News has their statement on the issue: USA Swimming condemns the crime and actions committed by Brock Turner, and all acts of sexual misconduct. Brock Turner is not a member of USA Swimming and, should he apply, he would not be eligible for membership,  USA Swimming spokesman Scott Leightman said in a statement obtained by ABC News today.  Had he been a member, he would have been subject to the USA Swimming Code of Conduct. USA Swimming strictly prohibits and has zero tolerance for sexual misconduct, with firm Code of Conduct policies in place, and severe penalties, including a permanent ban of membership, for those who violate the Code of Conduct.' Poor little Brock Turner. Our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for him and his ruined career. His life is so difficult now, all because the drinking and partying culture on college campuses took advantage of him he decided to rape an unconscious woman. First he got thrown out of Stanford, where he was a gifted swimmer, then he got prison time, and now this. He ll have to live a mundane life devoid of the accolades he would have gotten as an Olympic medalist.Turner has promised to work to educate students about the dangers of drinking and partying on campus because he s convinced himself that s what made him rape. His father expressed for support for that when he wrote an extraordinarily disgusting defense of his son, calling him a victim of that culture, and said it s not right that his son should suffer any more just for a mere  20 minutes of action. It s painfully obvious that neither of those two actually heard the victim as she read her own statement to the court. She detailed out the horrors of finding out she d been raped, the damage it s caused, and the ways it s changed her life for the worse. She will be dealing with this for the rest of her life. Turner s defenders are trying to shun responsibility for what he did, instead of owning up to it and trying to help her in any way they can.Even a friend of his is defending him by saying that not everyone who rapes is a rapist, which is a sorry attempt to change the definition of  rapist. Furthermore, Turner only received six months in jail, and could be out in as little as three months, because Judge Aaron Persky thought his age and his lack of a criminal record up to that point warranted a mere slap on the wrist.This is the cold-blooded fuckery of rape culture at its  finest. USA Swimming is taking a stand against rape culture, though, as did Stanford when they expelled him. His life is ruined, as well it should be, because the only way to avoid this is to respect women and not rape them. Lots of men get drunk every day and manage not to rape women, so why couldn t Turner? USA Swimming did the absolute right thing.Featured image via screen capture",0
5931, Racist Conservatives Wish Sasha Obama A Happy 15th Birthday: ‘Hope U Get Raped’ (SCREENSHOTS),"Friday was Sasha Obama s 15th birthday. All around the nation, people sent her warm birthday wishes as the media admired her evolution from the President s adorable child to a smart, classy young lady. To make the day even more special, it was also the day her big sister Malia graduated from high school, something that was largely celebrated across the nation as the eldest First Daughter prepares to go to Harvard after a gap year.Even conservatives got in on wishing Sasha a happy birthday   though their greetings were of a very different nature to those most shared. Right-wing trash dispensary and ridiculously-named Facebook page, The Resistance: The Last Line of Defense, posted a question for their racist, uneducated, Trump-loving followers. A photo of Sasha was accompanied by the words,  What message do you have for Sasha Obama on her birthday? To start off the social media lynching, the conservative propagandists added the message,  I know what Id tell ANY Obama I came face to face with. Following like lemmings, the Stupid Part of America obliged, doing what they were told. They shared what they would love to say to a teenage girl not yet old enough to drive, whose father happens to be President of the United States. Though she has never embroiled herself in any controversy, said anything negative to anyone, and is  a fucking teenager, the horrible people who follow that page unleashed their hatred, calling her a  spoiled brat,  demanding that she  go back to Kenya  (where she is certainly not from), ordering her out of the White House, calling her a monkey,  and even suggesting that she be raped.              I took a moment to speak with one of the page administrators about the post. It went pretty much how you d expect. I opened with a nice, super-professional greeting and a simple query about the post. The administrator responded with complete nonsense, asked me a question, then blocked me:This isn t the first time Sasha Obama has been a target of Right-Wing hate. In 2013, conservatives circulated a disgusting Photoshopped picture showing President Obama with his hand down Sasha s pants.This was widely circulated, with the creator and friends even providing  evidence  that Barack Obama was stupid enough to molest his daughter, in public with cameras rolling, in front of the rest of his family.It is unknown why conservatives do the things that they do, but one thing is important to remember: all of these people will be voting for Trump in November. Will you be there to vote blue?Featured image via screengrab",0
5932, These Two Former Republicans Are On The Cusp Of Making History – As Democrats,"All the political buzz right now is whether or not Elizabeth Warren will be Hillary Clinton s vice presidential nominee. The once neutral Massachusetts Senator has now passionately endorsed Clinton to be the Democratic Party s nominee for President of the United States, and women s groups are ecstatic at the thought of a two women ticket.But what s more significant isn t that a Clinton-Warren ticket would be comprised of two women, it s that it would be comprised of two former Republicans coming together to usher in one of the most progressive party platforms this country has ever seen.Clinton, who was a Goldwater girl and a Republican until 1968, and Warren, a Republican until 1996, both had their reasons for leaving the GOP and joining the progressive movement. Clinton let over her opposition to the Vietnam War, and the party s veiled racist messages at the 1968 Republican National Convention (these veiled racist messages would later be known as the Southern Strategy).Elizabeth Warren, on the other hand, who is roughly the same age as Clinton, stayed in the GOP for a lot longer, but realized (coincidentally, during the Clinton Administration) that they were nothing but a bunch of frauds suckling at the teat of big money: I was an independent. I was with the GOP for a while because I really thought that it was a party that was principled in its conservative approach to economics and to markets. And I feel like the GOP party just left that. They moved to a party that said,  No, it s not about a level playing field. It s now about a field that s gotten tilted.  And they really stood up for the big financial institutions when the big financial institutions are just hammering middle class American families. I just feel like that s a party that moved way, way away. Two iconic, liberal women. Both former Republicans. Now? They may be the next President and Vice President of the United States.Compared to Warren (and indeed Sanders), Clinton is certainly the more moderate one. But that doesn t mean she isn t a progressive in her own right, fighting for the rights of women and children for decades and standing up to lobbies that want to turn back the clocks. Clinton s compassion for working families, coupled with Warren s watchdog zeal for the big banks, seems to make us forget they started with conservative backgrounds.It s interesting how that works. From humble, conservative backgrounds to being the front page news on the cusp of history   as Democrats.Some conservatives cow tow to the elites, like the so called  Reagan Democrats,  and others wake up one day, look around, and realize that the system isn t working anymore. So they become Democrats, and fight to make the country a better place.While the Democrats have (hopefully) chosen an evolved ticket, Republicans have nominated a constant flip flopper; Trump was a Democrat before 1987; Republican from 1987 to 1999; Reform from 1999 to 2001; Democrat again from 2001 to 2009; Republican again from 2009 to 2011; Independent from 2011 to 2012; and is now a Republican, again.These two ladies had what s called a natural progression. Trump? He s seen opportunities to benefit him and only him.With Warren and Clinton, America gets exactly what they see. With Trump, who knows. But what we do know is this: Clinton   Warren chose to become Democrats, and have stuck by that principle for decades. And they may very well be our next President and Vice President.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5933," California’s Jerry Brown Just Expanded Obamacare, And Trump Voters Are Fuming","While nearly every governor in the country is either looking for ways to take healthcare away from their citizens, or at the very least, shying away from President Obama s signature legislation, California s governor, Jerry Brown, is about to make it bigger. Not just bigger, though, he s opening it to *gasp* undocumented immigrants.The legislation directs California to negotiate a waiver with the federal government to expand coverage to a population that was intentionally carved out from Obamacare during the law s drafting. The California proposal is sure to receive strong opposition from anti-immigration forces and could reignite a fierce health reform controversy in the Obama administration s final months.The plan s supporters say there s no reason undocumented immigrants should be barred from the exchanges if they can afford a plan without federal aid. The proposal, they argue, could help spur enrollment among mixed-status families   with a combination of legal residents and undocumented immigrants   who may have been reluctant to purchase health insurance because of misguided fears about deportation.Source: PoliticoThis is a pretty gutsy move in an election year where immigration is front and center. It s sure to anger all of the Trump voters, who are looking forward to the imaginary wall the billionaire claims to want to build. Like clockwork, they re taking their complaints to Twitter:Corrupt as Hillary&Obama is Jerry Brown! California liberals will soon want a bail out like Detroit while they give illegals Obamacare!  Mary carr (@Marycar08639249) June 8, 2016 California lawmakers try to extend ObamaCare to illegal immigrants via the @FoxNews app Fuck #jerrybrown https://t.co/5RSsr7Qoci      (@casello_tony) June 6, 2016California Moves Toward Extending Obamacare to Illegal Immigrants- Really????? Who is paying for this #JerryBrown ????  Nancy (@NancyLovesDean) June 4, 2016Actually, Nancy, the immigrants would be paying for it. It s a much better deal than we have now. When undocumented immigrants get sick, they don t have a lot of options. Many go to emergency rooms, where taxpayers often get stuck with the bills. This would take the burden off of taxpayers. It would also expose fewer people to contagious diseases   after all, healthcare is in the public interest. Jerry Brown knows this. I m not sure why Republicans don t.It s pretty understandable that Republicans would be upset. They ve been telling voters for years that Obama wanted to include undocumented immigrants and now they re saying that about Hillary Clinton.California s legislation might not pass federal standards. So far, that s the only roadblock. If it does, look for the Obamacare expansion to take place possibly as early as next year.Featured image via Justin Sullivan with Getty Images. ",0
5934, Billionaire GOP Donors REFUSE To Crown King Trump – Their Usual Huge Contribution Is OUT,"In 2012, when we were still smarting from the disastrous Citizens United decision, the billionaire Koch brothers were busy using their money to fund seemingly everything the GOP did. That included donating to the GOP convention that year. What are they doing this year? Holding out. They want no part of Trump s coronation, so they won t donate to this year s convention at all.The Kochs are very influential donors, and they spent billions in 2012 to try and defeat President Obama. This year, they do plan on spending about $450 million on conservative causes, but as far as supporting anything Trump does, they ve come to their senses enough to know that he s terrible for the country.Their specific problems don t just involve his policy positions (although it s hard to know just what policy positions Trump has, since he says whatever he wants), and they re angry over his comments about Judge Curiel, who s presiding over the Trump University case. Trump believes that Curiel, despite having been born in Indiana and being an American citizen, is biased against him because of his border wall idea.Charles Koch told USA Today: It s either racist or it s stereotyping. It s unacceptable, and it s taking the country in the wrong direction. He can t say whether Trump is fit to be president, but withholding the Koch empire s mostly GOP-colored money from the convention seems to answer that question for us: Koch said it would require a major shift in tone and policy for him to back Trump. Koch said he would need to be convinced that Trump supported his top causes  in a way  wasn t just hype,  ticking off as conditions: support for free trade,  free speech, eliminating  corporate welfare  and  trying to find common ground with people.' Koch doesn t believe Trump is capable of shifting on these things, though. He s probably right   Trump will not let anybody tell him he s wrong on anything. Because of that, David Koch, who attended the 2012 convention as a delegate and also contributed $1 million, isn t going at all this year.For his part, Trump is playing it off like he doesn t care, saying that he doesn t need their money. He claims he doesn t need any money at all. Yet, he s got aides that are going to meet with the Koch brothers soon. If it s not to court them as donors to help fill his rapidly emptying coffers, then what s the point?While the convention will likely be able to go on as scheduled, that s a massive blow to the party and to  King Trump,  especially when put together with all the Republicans who are  un-endorsing  Trump. These are people whose money heavily influences GOP policy. To withhold it because they don t want to crown Trump is very telling.Featured image by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images",0
5935, Clinton Surges Past Donald Trump In Kansas By 7 Points,"As the Democratic Party begins to unite and the GOP continues to implode, a shocking new poll just released shows Hillary Clinton beating Donald Trump by seven points in the state of Kansas.The poll shows that 43 percent of voters in the state prefer Clinton compared to 36 percent who support Trump   while 21 percent remain undecided.Clinton s support from the socially conservative state comes as voters express mass dissatisfaction with the state s governor, Republican Sam Brownback (who was lasted to lose reelection in 2014), and the Legislature, which has majority Republican control.Kansas hasn t voted, nor majorly supported, a Democrat for president since 1964, when Lyndon Johnson swept the nation in a landslide election against Barry Goldwater.After Cruz crushed the Republican nominee in the state s caucus (48-23), pollsters for the Kansas Health Foundation said the disarray is helping Democrats, including Clinton, mount a formidable challenge to the state s  solid red  status. However, Kansas State University political science professor Patrick Miller is telling Democrats not to get too excited: That s a little bit better than (President Barack) Obama did. So if you assume also that Trump is toxic, Clinton hasn t closed the deal with Millennials yet, she probably has some room to grow. I think Clinton will do better than the average Democratic candidate. I don t think she ll win Kansas, but I think she ll probably get a few percent better than Obama. President Obama lost Kansas to Senator John McCain by 15 points, and to Mitt Romney by 22 points. However, one upside Democrats could have is Trump s constant flip-flopping on social issues. Kansans tend to vote based on social issues, as chronicled in Frank Thomas  bestseller What s the Matter with Kansas? If Democrats played into Trump s past support of abortion rights, same-sex marriage rights and gun control advocacy, his support could be diminished amongst skeptical voters.While Trump promises to flip solid blue states like New York, Maryland, California and Pennsylvania, maybe he should worry about once solid red states like Kansas and Georgia.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis",0
5936, Rabbi Michael Lerner DESTROYS Trump In Brilliant Speech At Ali Funeral (VIDEO),"When we lost boxing legend Mohammed Ali this week, we lost more than an athlete. We lost a humanitarian, a man who was a great example to people all over the world of what being a leader and an all around decent human being means. Therefore, it is only fitting that his public funeral be a place to remind everyone what this great man was about, and what we as people should   and should not   aspire to be. That is just what Rabbi Michael Lerner did in a speech that brought the house down at Ali s funeral on Friday.Lerner took to the stage and declared that he was there as a  representative of American Jews.  After that, he turned his attentions to GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. Without mentioning the orange buffoon by name, Lerner said: We will not tolerate politicians or anyone else putting down Muslims and blaming Muslims for a few people. We know what it s like to be demeaned. We know what it s like to have a few people who act against the highest vision of our tradition to then be identified as the value of the entire tradition. Of course, this was a clear reference to Trump s appalling call to ban Muslims from the United States. Lerner wasn t done yet, though. He went on to trumpet the praises of a Clinton victory in November, and also insisted that we need to make the world a more equal place for all. He continued: Tell the next president of the United States that she should seek a constitutional amendment to make all national and state elections funded by Congress and the state legislatures, and all other sources of money be banned   including money from corporations, from individuals. Make it all public funding. Tell her that the way to achieve homeland security is not for us to try new ways of domination. The strategy of domination of The world of  the other  to get security has been tried for the last 10,000 years and it doesn t work. The way to get security is for the United States to become known as the most generous and caring country in the world, not the most powerful. Well said, Rabbi Lerner. This speech is something everyone needs to hear, because you are right on the money in every way. Every single standing ovation you got here was more than well deserved.Watch the brilliance unfold below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5937, Kansas GOP Will Undercut State Supreme Court Before Fixing Education Budget As Ordered,"Kansas  education system is a mess, thanks to the Republican-led legislature s budget cuts. Funding allocation is heavily biased against poorer schools, and the state s Supreme Court ordered the legislature to fix it so it was both fair and in line with the state s constitution. So what are these Republicans doing instead? They re looking for ways to undermine the Supreme Court instead of doing their jobs.The Kansas Supreme Court said that all schools would remain closed across the state until the legislature fixed the funding problems. They re supposed to meet on June 23, ahead of the June 30 deadline set by the court, to work on the issue.However, in a move that s oh-so-typical of crooked Republicans, they re going to meet next week to discuss an amendment to the state constitution to limit the power of the court, instead of understanding that they screwed up and putting forth an honest effort to fix education funding.The House and Senate Judiciary Committees will put their heads together and plot this out next week. The plan? Find a way to stop the court from ever halting funding in the future. They re wrapping the issue in the pretty paper of  the people of Kansas should be deciding this, not the courts,  and tying it neatly with a satin bow of  we need to have discussions on this, not court orders. In other words, they re sounding the GOP s trumpet of alarm on what they think is a runaway court system because the courts aren t doing what they want.What they re not thinking about (and they re Republicans so why would they?) is all the innocent students, teachers and administrators caught up in this. Special education students, for instance, could see some necessary summer classes cancelled if the schools lose their funding, along with federal funding.The state is mandated to evaluate students with disabilities and create individual education programs that fit their needs, and, for some students, that includes summer school in order to ensure they continue to progress throughout the entire year.There are also teachers who are starting to look for jobs out of state because they ve had it with Republicans  inability to do anything for the people. One teacher said: They need to do what the kids do  sit down and solve a problem. That would be so nice if they did. But, in light of the GOP s political crusade against the courts, they d rather hamstring their state courts than actually solve the problem. Of course, they ve acknowledged that this amendment, if it went through, wouldn t affect the current crisis. However, it could ensure that the courts have a harder time addressing future funding problems that hurt innocent people.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5938, Pro – Clinton PAC Launches New Website Chronicling All Of Trump’s Lies,"Today, Donald Trump tried to walk back his recent comments regarding Judge Gonzalo Curiel at an evangelical summit by proclaiming no one in the United States should be treated differently based on race.As Republican (and Hispanic) commentator Ana Navarro said:  Too little. Too late. It doesn t take a genius to see Trump is of course lying. He, out of anyone, believes someone should be treated differently based on their race or skin color, and his comments regarding Muslims, Mexicans and  his  African-American  supporter  shows that.It remains to be seen how long it will take for the mainstream media to buy into his lies and the front he s now starting to put up. But Hillary Clinton and her allies are certainly doing their part to remind the American public not to buy into the hype. He s still a lying racist, and they can prove it.Compiling lists of Trump s biggest lies from the Washington Post s  Pinocchio  ratings and Politifact s  Truth-o-Meter,  pro-Clinton Super PAC Correct the Record has launched a new website, TrumpLies.com, highlighting all of the Republican nominee s lies, rants, conspiracy theories, and his deranged, inflated ego .Talking to reporters, Correct the Record president Brad Woodhouse said: People think all politicians lie. Well, Donald Trump is of a completely different order and it helps draw the entire picture of him being a fraud and a con man. A look at Politifact s file on Donald Trump shows a staggering number: of the 154 statements that have been fact checked, 118 (76 percent) have been false. On average, more than three-fourths of things that come out of his vile mouth are outright lies, often packed with hyperbole, stretched statistics, and no forethought whatsoever. He thinks he can say whatever he wants with no consequences.The website not only calls out Trump for his blatant lies, but offers strategic factual analysis to show how his promises cannot be met nor kept. Example: it is impossible for Trump to eliminate $19 trillion of debt in eight years. Somehow his supporters think he can do it, but every possible avenue shows that it just can t happen. And his  big, beautiful wall  would actually cost way more than $8 billion.So not only does Trump Lies point out his fibbing mouth, it blows up his stupid, pie-in-the-sky  policy  ideas, too.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5939," J.K. Rowling Slaps Down Racist Twitter Reply, Throws Shade Worthy Of A Standing Ovation","A lot of people have a lot to say about the role of Hermione Granger, of the famed  Harry Potter  series, now being played by black actress Noma Dumezweni in  Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.  However, none more than  Harry Potter  creator J.K. Rowling herself who has slapped down all criticism calling critics  idiots  and  a bunch of racists,  because they are.In the latest bout of criticism being thrown at Rowling, one  Potter  fan decided they would tell her how to cast her own film. You know, because they know best. This person named  Dan  took to Twitter and said: It is not about racism. It is just about consistency of the movie. How come you cannot find even a good white actress @jk_rowling it is not about racism. It is just about consistency of the movie. How come you cannot find even a good white actress  Dan (@Dan49905785) June 10, 2016First sign you re a Twitter troll? You can t even take the time to upload a selfie it would take three seconds to take and upload. However, Rowling wasn t going to let this clear racism slide, even though she was clearly being trolled.Not even giving a clear f*ck what this racist, not racist person has to say, Rowling threw the ultimate shade right back when she said: We found the best actress and she s black. Bye bye, now. We found the best actress and she's black. Bye bye, now. https://t.co/1fGmP5znHP  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) June 10, 2016Good for you, Rowling. That s the only response that is needed.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5940, Mitch McConnell TRASHES Trump: It’s ‘Obvious’ He ‘Doesn’t Know A Lot About The Issues’ (VIDEO),"Many Republicans have expressed the opinion that Donald Trump is an absolute idiot, but this new diss from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell gives new weight to that harsh truth.Yesterday, in speaking on Bloomberg Politics  Masters in Politics podcast, McConnell basically said that Trump needed to have a Vice President that was more qualified than him, because it is  pretty obvious  that Trump  doesn t know a lot about the issues.  Ouch!McConnell said: He needs someone highly experienced and very knowledgeable because it s pretty obvious he doesn t know a lot about the issues. You see that in the debates in which he s participated. It s why I have argued to him publicly and privately that he ought to use a script more often there is nothing wrong with having prepared texts. McConnell has previously criticized Trump for several things, his blatant racism being just one of them. More recently, the Senate Majority Leader called Trump s controversial comments about Judge Gonzalo Curiel not being fair in overseeing the fraudulent Trump University case because of his Mexican heritage  totally inappropriate.  McConnell added on the podcast: I object to a whole series of things that he s said vehemently object to them. I think all of that needs to stop. Both the shots at people he defeated in the primary and these attacks on various ethnic groups in the country. Unfortunately, despite the fact that McConnell practically admitted that he thinks Trump is an idiot and incapable of running the country, he still found it in himself to say,  I m comfortable supporting him. I m not going to speculate about what he might say, or what I might do. But I think it s pretty clear and I ve been pretty clear publicly about how I think he ought to change direction and I hope that s what we are going to see.For all of his obvious shortcomings, Donald Trump is certainly a different direction, and I think if he is in the White House he ll have to respond to the right-of-center world which elected him, and the things that we believe in. So I m comfortable supporting him. They may be on different sides of the political spectrum, but Trump s incompetency is something that McConnell and our President can actually agree on. McConnell s comments about Trump not knowing anything about the issues that America s commander-in-chief would face is something that Obama has previously said about the business mogul.At a nuclear summit in Washington D.C., Obama called out Trump s ignorance on nuclear proliferation and global politics. In a statement that was clearly directed at Trump, Obama said: [The statements] tell us that the person who made the statements doesn t know much about foreign policy, nuclear policy, the Korean peninsula or the world generally. You can watch that diss below:Noting that the rest of the world was closely watching the U.S. election, Obama added: What we do is really important to the rest of the world. The president of the United States needs to know what s going on around the world. Honestly, it doesn t matter who would be Trump s VP   he s proven time and time again that he doesn t listen to anyone but himself. The only way to keep this country safe from Trump s idiocy is to make sure he doesn t get into the White House.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5941, Three National Polls Show Hillary Is Now Leading Trump,"One of the arguments against nominating Hillary Clinton for president has always been that Bernie would be stronger against Donald Trump. There was some ammunition to that argument. Bernie was doing better in a lot of polls. Now, Hillary supporters have argued that Bernie hasn t yet had full media scrutiny, but new polls show that that doesn t even matter. Hillary is doing just fine on her own.A new Reuters/Ipso poll shows that Hillary s lead over Trump is quite comfortable and way outside the margin of error. According to the poll, she will beat Trump by about eight points.Rasmussen is showing a tighter race, with only a four point lead, but still, a lead. Even Fox News shows a three point lead for Hillary.More significant, though, is what s happening, or not happening with Donald Trump. First off, the Bernie or Bust crowd doesn t seem to be as big a factor as many feared. Only 17 percent of voters say they wouldn t vote or that they will vote for someone else. You can chalk that trend up to Trump disillusionment at least as much as Clinton disillusionment.While Hillary s approval ratings are going up, Trump s are going down, and now, we re seeing a serious crack in his campaign. We know that Trump is losing badly with women and every minority, but he s also not doing as well with white people as he needs.FiveThirtyEight argues that Trump could win, if he brings in enough white voters, but he s not doing that:Trump has trailed Hillary Clinton in every national poll for roughly the last three weeks. He s led in only three of 34 polls since knocking Ted Cruz and John Kasich from the race in early May. In fact, the only two pollsters who had Trump ahead and have released a more recent poll (Fox News and Rasmussen Reports) now show him trailing by 3 and 4 percentage points, respectively.One big reason Trump is trailing   by an average of 4 to 6 percentage points, depending on which aggregator you use   is because, despite all the bluster, he isn t doing any better than Romney did among white voters. According to Cohn s estimate, based on pre-election surveys, Romney beat President Obama by 17 percentage points among white voters. To win, Trump would need to improve on Romney s margin by a minimum of 5 percentage points if the electorate looked exactly the same as it did in 2012 and every other racial group voted in the same manner as it did in 2012.The column goes on to say that Trump is doing better than Romney in what Trump would call  the poorly educated,  but he s doing much worse than Romney with college educated white people. Without women and minorities, that leaves Trump in a losing situation. Then, of course, there are the white people who aren t bigots.Featured image via Getty Images. ",0
5942," D.L. Hughley Slams Trump’s Racism, Reminds The World Why He Is A Comedy Legend (VIDEO)","During an appearance on MSNBC s Morning Joe on Thursday, comedian D.L Hughley explained how it is impossible for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to just be  a little racist.  Hughley plugged his new book, Black Man, White House: An Oral History of the Obama Years, during the segment. Hughley did not hold back during the interview, where the he told the show s host Joe Scarborough his opinion of Trump. Hughley flat out told Scarborough that he thinks the presidential candidate is a racist: I think he s a racist. You can t equivocate. If I m in a car, and somebody I m with commits a crime, I can t make a reasonable argument that I didn t know. Hughley continued, saying: And I think you can t be a little bit pregnant, and I don t think you can be a little bit racist. That is the absolute truth. Of course, there are different ways that people can be racist. Seeing as the United States is a racist society, everyone grows up with racism shaping their perspective of the world, causing unconscious biases to emerge in themselves. Those biases are easy for racists like Trump to exploit for their own political gain. That might partly explain why Trump supporters will swear that they do not at all support racism, yet back a candidate who is blatantly using racism to further his agenda.Well, except for the various leaders in the white supremacist organizations who back the candidate. They know that Trump is a racist and feel he is the best one to spread hatred and intolerance across the nation. Across the nation, there have examples of the racist rhetoric that Trump uses influencing children who bully other children.You can watch the full segment below in full.Featured image via video screenshot",0
5943, Republican Senator Prays For God To Kill Obama As Soon As Possible: ‘Let His Children Be Fatherless’,"The Republican Party is currently holding a joint conference with right-wing religious zealots at a event called The Faith and Freedom summit. It s an insane mix of Bible thumping and shameless religious pandering. (ex. Donald Trump, no one s definition of a Christian poster boy, gets to be a featured speaker.) It also includes guys like Sen. David Perdue (R-GA), who led a room full of Christians in prayer   for President Obama to die.According to reporter Betsy Woodruff, Perdue told the crowd that he had a specific prayer in mind for Obama and one they should all help him with: Psalm s 109:8. He quoted from the top with  Let his days be few; and let another take his office.  The rest of the verse s basic premise is for the subject to die quickly and for his family to live out their days in misery. It s not exactly the stuff Jesus talked about.Let his days be few; and let another take his office.Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places.Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour.Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherless children.Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out.Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the Lord; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.It s worth noting that Perdue, a relative newcomer from Georgia, is not considered a  fringe  right-winger. He s often identified as a moderate. The fact that even the  level-headed  members of the GOP will stand up before a room full of people and pray for Obama s death says a lot about just how far right the Republican Party has shifted. He may look  moderate  compared to Donald Trump, but that s a pretty low bar.Fortunately, we know that Republicans have been beseeching God to assassinate Obama since the day he took office and it doesn t look like those prayers are going to be answered. However, many of Perdue s fans might get it in their head that the will of God flows through them, and that makes this kind of violent rhetoric extremely dangerous. Perdue may think he s delivering a harmless prayer meant to pander to his base, but he should probably account for the fact that many of his supporters are crazy enough to believe it   even if he doesn t.Asking God to kill a man and leave his family destitute because you don t like his views on healthcare and taxes is truly craven. It s a stark reminder of just how warped the Fox News crowd has become in their blind rage towards Obama and Democrats. It s not wonder President Obama has basically given up on ever trying to compromise with them. When one side comes to the bargaining table with dust on his knees and callouses on their hands from praying too hard for the other side s death, there is only so far a deal can go.The entire country needs to shame Sen. David Perdue. Believe it or not, there is still a line and he crossed it.Featured image via Jessica McGowan/Getty Images",0
5944, Obama Shamelessly Mocks Trump: ‘Orange Is NOT The New Black’ (VIDEO),"It s no secret that President Obama has a quick wit and a great sense of humor. Both were on full display on Thursday s edition of Jimmy Fallon s The Tonight Show, and the target of said wit and humor was GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. First, Fallon asked Obama his opinion on how the GOP felt about Trump being their nominee, and he said that the Democrats are happy about it, for sure. Then on a more serious note, the president went on to say: The truth is, actually I am worried about the Republican Party. I know that sounds   you know what it sounds like.The main role I m going to be playing in this process is to remind the American people that this is a serious job. This is not reality TV. Then the mockery resumed, this time aimed at the astoundingly stupid Republicans sitting in Congress who have made Trump their standard bearer. Obama said: Thank you, Congress, for spending eight years wishing you could replace me with a Republican. Or, to put it another way, how do you like me now? After that, the president reminded America just how much he has managed to do, how far he has pushed America in all the right directions, despite constant GOP obstruction during the entire tenure of his presidency: I m proud of the many progressive steps our country has taken in recent years, both socially and environmentally. The United States has been a leader in developing clean energy to ensure the health of our planet for future generations. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, an additional 20 million Americans now have access to quality health care, and same-sex couples across the country now have a constitutional right to marry. In short, climate change is real, health care is affordable and love is love. After that, the president got serious again for a second, and reminded us all what is at stake should Donald Trump take the White House: The American people face an important decision this fall. The entire world is watching, and they look to us for stability and leadership. I know some of the candidates have been critical of my foreign policy. I don t want to name any names, but I believe it is of the utmost importance to work alongside other world leaders. That s why I signed the Iran nuclear deal. That s why we reopened diplomatic ties with Cuba. And that s why I negotiated the new trade deal called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. That is when Jimmy Fallon asked President Obama his feelings on TPP, and the Commander-in-Chief did not mince words: Yeah, you know me. Look, Jimmy, the TPP allows American businesses to sell their products both at home and abroad. The more we sell abroad, the more higher paying jobs we have here at home. It s that simple. After that, things got funny again as the segment drew to a close, where Fallon asked what Obama thought of the Trump media circus. The president took a real shot at the GOP s incessant racist attacks against him, and, of course, Trump s own racism, when asked if he had been tuning in: No, but I have been watching my new favorite show,  Orange Is Not The New Black. Once again, President Obama shows himself to be a warm, down to earth, classy and adorably hilarious human being, despite being near the end of what is arguably the most difficult presidency in the history of America. He is right about Trump, and he is right to endorse Hillary Clinton in an effort to stop Trump. Most of all, though, he has not allowed anything that has been slung his way to make him lose his humanity and his sense of humor.Well done, Mr. President! We re sure gonna miss you.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5945, ‘Racist’ And ‘Reprehensible’: How Joe Biden Just Took Trump Down (VIDEO),"Vice President Joe Biden followed up Senator Elizabeth Warren s attack on Donald Trump with a sternly-worded condemnation of Trump s attacks on the federal judge overseeing the Trump University fraud case.Biden: Trump's comments on judge ""reprehensible"" and ""racist"" #inners https://t.co/d5ZRduVO8J  All In w/Chris Hayes (@allinwithchris) June 10, 2016 I find Donald Trump s conduct in this regard reprehensible,  the vice president said.After detailing how Trump had gone after the judge for ruling against him with ethnic slurs and the promise to use the power of the White House for revenge should he be elected, Biden noted such an action would  border on an impeachable offense. Biden said Trump s taunting of the judge was a  direct threat  to  defy  the court if he were elected president, and a clear sign of a tyrannical mindset proving Trump  cannot be trusted to respect the independence of the Judiciary as a president. Joe Biden says Donald Trump would defy the courts if they ruled against him as president. https://t.co/YZ32bCBsdM https://t.co/wqpBAFJL8N  Anderson Cooper 360  (@AC360) June 10, 2016Specifically addressing Trump s complaint that the judge cannot rule fairly because he is of Hispanic descent, Biden slammed Trump in unambiguous terms:  it is racist. It is the strongest condemnation to come from the executive branch on Trump s behavior.Biden also pointed out that despite Republicans condemning Trump, they are still holding up the nomination of Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court seat vacated after the death of Antonin Scalia. Biden specifically mentioned that even the Republicans who admitted Trump was being racist are still working on behalf of him being the one to choose the next justice.The remarks come on a day of major Democratic unity, as President Obama announced that he was endorsing Hillary Clinton and would begin campaigning with her. Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she would endorse Clinton and Governor Martin O Malley also announced that he would back the former Secretary of State. While Sen. Bernie Sanders did not yet concede the nomination, he met with President Obama and said he had spoken with Secretary Clinton and would be working with her to stop Trump s quest to be elected president.Featured image via Twitter",0
5946, Elizabeth Warren Just Proved Why She’s Trump’s Absolute WORST Nightmare (VIDEO),"If there s anyone who has clearly had enough of Donald Trump s ridiculous bullying shenanigans, it s Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). Time after time she has just absolutely pummeled his rhetoric and isn t intimidated at all by his name-calling and hyperbolic antics. If she s not battling him on Facebook, she s battling him on Twitter. If she s not facing off with him on social media, she nailing him in a speech. She wants to make damn sure that pompous man gets nowhere near the Oval Office.Going after him yet again, right before her endorsement of Hillary Clinton for president, Warren spoke at the American Constitution Society s national convention. She hit him over the head with the fact that he s a racist bully who is trying to intimidate a judge out of doing his job just because he s of Mexican heritage, albeit born in Indiana. Trump doesn t want him hearing his Trump University case for the very racist reason that Judge Curiel is Latino.One of Warren s best lines from her speech came when she said: Judge Curiel is one of countless American patriots who has spent decades quietly serving his country, sometimes at great risk to his own life. Donald Trump is a loud, nasty, thin-skinned fraud who has never risked anything for anyone and serves nobody but himself. BOOM! Wow. So, so true.Trump cannot be president. He doesn t have any of the necessary experience required to be leader of the free world. He wants to be president not for the nation, but for himself, to say that he won. He s a blowhard who deserves to be condemned, and you can bet your ass Elizabeth Warren will keeping hitting him, and hitting him hard.And what scares a fragile, insecure man the most? A strong woman who WILL NOT back down.Watch her speech slamming Trump, time and time again, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5947, Trump’s Spokeswoman Just Said Half Of Bernie’s Supporters Will Vote For Trump (VIDEO),"Infamous Donald Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson has once again proven just how pitiful and ridiculous The Donald and his entire team is. In speaking about President Barack Obama s recent endorsement of Hillary Clinton, Pierson revealed that she actually thinks that supporters of Bernie Sanders are going to switch sides and vote GOP. Actually, she said   with full confidence   that she thinks HALF of Sanders  fans are going to switch over to team Trump.It doesn t get any more idiotic than this, and it s almost hard to believe. When Jake Tapper asked Pierson how many Sanders supporters will jump ship to avoid voting for Clinton, Pierson said: I think the polls are showing, one in four, maybe, I think it s going to be half at some point. There is a transition happening, not just in this country but globally, the consciousness is definitely changing, and younger voters want to see the status quo busted up. That is absolute madness, and Pierson has mocked the intelligence of Bernie s followers by saying they would vote for a racist, misogynistic Republican. First of all, Trump has insulted their chosen candidate several times, referring to him as  Crazy Bernie. He s also encouraged violence against Sanders supporters that dare to attend his rallies. Another thing Trump is in denial about is the fact that Sanders will probably be giving Clinton his endorsement soon, and urge his supporters to throw their support behind the former Secretary of State as well.Now, Sanders fans might not be happy that Clinton is leading the Democratic party, but most of them know that Trump needs to be stopped by any means possible. According to a recent poll, the real numbers reveal that less than a quarter of Sanders voters might switch over to Trump. The polls also revealed that 71 percent of Sanders backers would choose Clinton over Trump   but when has the Trump campaign ever really been concerned with facts?You can watch Pierson spew this pro-Trump nonsense in the video below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5948, Republican Senator Open To Voting For Hillary Clinton,"The Republican Party may be losing another supporter as GOP Senator Susan Collins of Maine won t rule out voting for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.Collins, who is a moderate, reached that decision based on Donald Trump s comments regarding Judge Gonzalo Curiel. Calling his comments  an order of magnitude more serious  than anything else he s said so far on the campaign trail, Collins told reporters:This is a difficult choice, and it s one, like many of my colleagues, that I am struggling with. It s not like we have perfect candidates from whom to choose in this election   I worked very well with Hillary when she was my colleague in the Senate and when she was Secretary of State. But I do not anticipate voting for her this fall. I m not going to say never, because this has been such an unpredictable situation, to say the least.When pressed that her comment looks like she would be willing to back the Democratic nominee over the Republican, she responded:That is true. But I do want to qualify that by saying it is unlikely that I would choose to vote for the Democratic candidate.In Collins  own words, never say never. While most Republicans refusing to back Trump have almost all indicated they would never vote for Clinton, Collins becomes the first Hill Republican to leave the option on the table   for now.Collins told reporters just earlier this week that if Trump wants to earn her endorsement, he will have to  really have to change  his approach. She also called on he presumptive Republican nominee to own up to making a mistake and to apologize to Curiel.As Trump enters the general phase of his campaign, he certainly isn t off to a good start with those in his own party. Mark Kirk of Illinois has rescinded his support for Trump and Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio have held off on endorsing.With Republican lawmakers so openly hostile towards Trump, it leaves people wondering just how many of these people are actually going to vote for him.Featured image via Alex Wong",0
5949, Hillary Clinton Shut Donald Trump Down – And In The Best Way Possible (TWEETS),"Today, President Obama endorsed Hillary Clinton for President of the United States. The media was abuzz, Clinton s campaign website saw a spike in viewership, and Sanders supporters started uniting behind the nominee.But there was one person who was not impressed: Donald J. Trump.In typical Trump fashion, the blowhard Republican nominee decided to take to his precious Twitter account to bash both President Obama and Hillary Clinton:Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama but nobody else does!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2016Clinton, who has chided the Republican candidate over his sophomoric use of Twitter, clearly didn t have time for his crap, so she decided to send a message (a message most Americans probably agree with): Delete your account. https://t.co/Oa92sncRQY  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 9, 2016In the Twitter world, then one tells another to  delete your account,  that usually means the person has said something so incredibly stupid or offensive that they shouldn t have the grace of even being on social media   in Trump s case, that s exactly what Clinton s implying.Now the number of retweets doesn t explicitly show who is more favored, but it should be noted Trump s cheap, little attack got a mere 11 thousand RT s while Clinton s cool, confident comeback reached over 140 thousand (and counting)   the most on her Twitter account.But in all seriousness, Clinton, who plans a major speech denouncing Trump similar to the one she gave last week, is done with his Twitter games and is ready to take him on in the general.Mainstream media is already branding this the beginning of the Twitter wars, but some would argue the Twitter wars happened when Clinton reminded Trump of all his stupid comments from the past:You literally said all those things. https://t.co/6VX5AfR7gL https://t.co/U8LfWdPU7x  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 3, 2016One lesson Clinton seems to be learning from the 2008 campaign is the use of social media, which the Obama campaign used to help usher in a win.The message is clear: Donald Trump is unstable, and he really should delete his account.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5950, California Appeals Court Just Delivered A HUGE F*ck You To The NRA And Its Right-Wing Puppets,"Do you hear that sound? That sizzling and popping? That s the beautiful melody of the heads of conservatives across the nation exploding in the wake of some very, very bad news (for them) delivered by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in California. In a precedent-setting decision, the San Fransisco-based court ruled Thursday that gun owners do not have a constitutional right to conceal carry their weapons if they face no specific threat.The court determined that San Diego and Yolo counties did not violate the Second Amendment when they denied some applicants concealed carry licenses. In those counties, applicants must show  good cause  to be armed at all times. In other words, a woman who is being stalked by her ex-boyfriend or someone in a dangerous profession can carry their guns around because they have a legitimate need for protection. Someone who just feels like taking his gun to the grocery store, however, might want to think twice before he tucks it in his waistband. In a 52-page opinion, Judge William Fletcher wrote: Because the Second Amendment does not protect in any degree the right to carry concealed firearms in public, any prohibition or restriction a state may choose to impose on concealed carry   including the requirement of  good cause,  however defined   is necessary allowed by the Amendment,  the 9th Circuit said.Reuters notes that this ruling isn t exactly unusual:The ruling places the 9th Circuit Court in line with other U.S. appellate courts that have upheld the right of officials in the states of New York, Maryland and New Jersey to deny concealed carry applications in certain cases.Under California s concealed carry law, more than 70,000 residents or less than 1 percent of the state s population had active permits last year, according to the Center for Investigative Reporting.The U.S. Supreme Court in 2013, in the middle of a raging national debate on guns, declined to weigh in on whether firearm owners have a constitutional right to carry their weapons in concealment outside the home.This is also in line with the Supreme Court s 1897 finding that the right of the people to bear arms is not infringed by laws prohibiting the carrying of concealed weapons. This decision reversed a 2014, 2-1 decision by a 9th Circuit Court panel that found California residents have an inherent right to carry concealed weapons. While this issue may seem settled, these gun owners promise to keep fighting for the right to carry their confidence around with them everywhere they roam   though they may be in for a bit of a surprise, as the Supreme Court could refuse to hear the case because other circuit courts have upheld limitations on the issuance of concealed carry permits.Featured image via ToBeRight.com",0
5951, Donald Trump Owes HUNDREDS Of Ordinary People Money,"A new report reveals that Donald Trump swindled  hundreds  of people out of money. These aren t super rich investors (though he was involved in ventures that lost them money, too) but ordinary Americans who worked as  carpenters, dishwashers, painters, even his own lawyers.  They did work for Trump and he didn t pay them.USA Today uncovered Trump s big dodge while investigating the thousands of lawsuits he is involved in.Donald Trump often portrays himself as a savior of the working class who will  protect your job.  But a USA TODAY NETWORK analysis found he has been involved in more than 3,500 lawsuits over the past three decades   and a large number of those involve ordinary Americans, like the Friels, who say Trump or his companies have refused to pay them.At least 60 lawsuits, along with hundreds of liens, judgments, and other government filings reviewed by the USA TODAY NETWORK, document people who have accused Trump and his businesses of failing to pay them for their work. Among them: a dishwasher in Florida. A glass company in New Jersey. A carpet company. A plumber. Painters. Forty-eight waiters. Dozens of bartenders and other hourly workers at his resorts and clubs, coast to coast. Real estate brokers who sold his properties. And, ironically, several law firms that once represented him in these suits and others.Trump has portrayed himself   when not bashing immigrants, women and Muslims   as a friend of the working class, arguing that he will turn the Republican Party into a  worker s party. USA Today also found that Trump s companies have been cited at least 24 times since 2005 for violating the Fair Labor Standards Act  for failing to pay overtime or minimum wage. There also over 200 mechanic s liens that have been filed against Trump, his companies, or his properties, showing that he still owes money for work, some dating as far back in the 1980s.But his track record shows once again that Trump is a really rich guy (though probably not actually a billionaire) who didn t think twice of stepping on the little guy so he could get what he wants.In some cases, the Trump teams financially overpower and outlast much smaller opponents, draining their resources.You can t make America  great again  if you re hurting it now.Featured image via YouTube",0
5952, Target Women’s Bathroom Is Bombed Amid Transphobic Right-Wing Protests (VIDEO),"Police are investigating a possible hate crime after a bomb went off inside a women s restroom in Target.On Wednesday, law enforcement responded to the Target retail store in Evanston, Illinois after a small explosive device went off inside the women s bathroom. No one was hurt and the damage was minor, but authorities are looking into whether or not this was a hate crime.According to WGN:Early indications are that a plastic bottle was used but no projectiles like nails or tacks were inside it. Investigators are gathering evidence including examining store security camera video.For months, conservatives have been viciously protesting the retail giant over the decision to let transgender customers use the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity.An online petition to boycott Target has been signed by over 1 million people and right-wingers have literally entered the store to harass employees and customers with annoying religious rhetoric and hate speech.Here s the video via WGN.The hate against the LGBT community has reached fever pitch in many red states, where Republicans have passed and enacted discriminatory laws allowing business owners to refuse service to LGBT people if they have a  sincere religious belief. It would certainly not be surprising if the perpetrator of this bombing ends up being a disgruntled right-wing bigot. After all, they are the only one obsessed with stopping people from using the women s bathroom and this bomb certainly achieved that goal, albeit temporarily.Conservatives certainly better hope that one of their own rabid extremists isn t responsible for this act of terrorism.Because if that turns out to be the case, then right-wing nut jobs would have proven themselves far more dangerous to women s safety in bathrooms than transgender people have ever posed since there has not been one instance of a transgender person sexually assaulting a woman in the bathroom across the 17 states and over 200 cities that have protections in place for transgender people.Featured image via screen capture",0
5953, Queen’s Brian May: We Don’t Want Our Music Used In Trump’s ‘Unsavory Campaign’,"There have been many musical artists who have demanded that Donald Trump cease and desist using their tunes to rile up the crowds at his campaign rallies, and the lead guitarist for the iconic rock band Queen, Brian May, has just become the latest. May found out that Trump had used the Queen hit  We are the Champions  at an event, and immediately spoke out, saying to fans who made him aware of Trump s use of Queen s songs: I will make sure we take what steps we can to dissociate ourselves from Donald Trump s unsavoury campaign. He also says that as a matter of policy that Queen does not usually allow their music to be used by politicians, period, and wrote on his own personal website: This is not an official Queen statement, but I can confirm that permission to use the track was neither sought nor given. We are taking advice on what steps we can take to ensure this use does not continue. Regardless of our views on Mr Trump s platform, it has always been against our policy to allow Queen music to be used as a political campaigning tool. Our music embodies our own dreams and beliefs, but it is for all who care to listen and enjoy. Just a little while ago, REM s music was used by Trump, and the response from former lead singer Michael Stipe was nothing short of delicious: Go fuck yourselves, the lot of you   you sad, attention-grabbing, power-hungry little men. Do not use our music or my voice for your moronic charade of a campaign. In other words, rock stars don t want a damn thing to do with Donald Trump. He really better be careful, because he s going to wind up with even more lawsuits and legal trouble than he already has. Face it, Donald   the only musician who wants you using his music is Ted Nugent, and that s really not saying much at all. Keep it up, and you ll piss off all of Hollywood, and that is DEFINITELY not something you want to do.Featured image via Jordi Vidal/Getty Images",0
5954, President Obama Officially Endorses Hillary Clinton For President (VIDEO),"After staying neutral for more than a year, President Barack Obama has formally endorsed presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for President of the United States via a video announcement from the White House.Saying,  I don t think there s ever been someone more qualified to hold this office,  President Obama s much sought after endorsement comes after a personal meeting with Senator Bernie Sanders, who has vowed to fight on into the D.C. primary next Tuesday.In the video released by the President, Obama congratulated Hillary Clinton on making history, and praised her as the next president, saying: I want to congratulate Hillary Clinton on making history as the presumptive Democratic nominee for President of the United States. Look, I know how hard this job can be. That s why I know Hillary will be so good at it   she s got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done. And I say that as someone who had to debate her more tan 20 times. The President went on to thank the Democratic nominee for serving her country as Secretary of State, praising her judgment, toughness and commitment to American values: So I want those of you who have been with me from the beginning of this incredible journey to be the first to know that I m with her. I am fired up and I cannot wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary. Wrapping up, President Obama thanked the millions of voters who came out in the primaries, and promised Democratic unity. But Obama specifically thanked Senator Bernie Sanders, who he says ran an  incredible  campaign, for bringing out thousands   perhaps even millions -of new, young voters and energizing the party. He also thanked the Senator for bringing the issue of income inequality and big money to the forefront of the debate, something he thinks will be good for November.Thanking these two  patriots,  President Obama is calling on Democrats to get out and vote for a brighter future.With poll numbers high, and his promise to take on Trump head on, could Clinton ask for a better campaign surrogate than President Obama?Watch President Obama s endorsement here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5955, WATCH: President Obama Hilariously Expresses His Joy At Trump Being The Republican Nominee,"The Republican Party may have done more than shoot themselves in the foot by supporting Donald Trump as their nominee, and President Obama couldn t be happier about it.During an appearance with Jimmy Fallon that will air on Thursday night, the Tonight Show host asked Obama what his role will be during the 2016 race to succeed him in the White House. The role I m going to be playing in this process is to remind the American people this is a serious job,  Obama said.  This is not reality TV. Clearly, President Obama just took a shot at Trump with that statement. After all, Trump is the only candidate in the field who has been a reality TV star. Trump hosted The Apprentice for 14 seasons until his racist presidential campaign announcement caused NBC to cut ties with him. Do you think Republicans are happy with their choice?  Fallon asked President Obama.Using his great comedic timing, Obama responded,  Umm, we are,  and the audience broke out in laughter. That was too easy,  Obama continued.  The truth is that I m worried about the Republican Party. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Donald Trump is the gift that keeps on giving for the Democrats as they have gladly sat back and watched the Republican nominee tear apart the GOP piece by piece. Republicans are split on their support for Trump, especially as he continues hurling racist attacks against the judge presiding over the Trump University lawsuit.That alone has caused many Republicans to withdraw their endorsements, while other Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan have condemned Trump s racism but still support the racist for the presidency, causing even extreme conservative publisher Erik Erickson to blast Republicans for betraying their principles by supporting Trump.This is not only a preview of what President Obama had to say on the Tonight Show, it s a preview of how we can expect President Obama to deal with Donald Trump when he finally hits the campaign trail. And it s pretty clear that President Obama thinks Trump is a joke.Featured image via screen capture",0
5956," Fox Hosts Cruelly Mock, Misgender Trans High School Athlete (VIDEO)","Jut when you didn t think the hosts on the Fox News channel couldn t get any more despicable, they do. On Tuesday s edition of Fox and Friends, the hosts of that silly show decided to take aim at a high school athlete who just happens to be transgender. They misgendered her and called her a boy, and also said that she was  gender bending,  and  confused.  The athlete is a track star at her high school, and instead of praising this brave young woman as they should have the hosts said that she was confusing kids who are already pretty confused in this culture.  They went on to wonder: Are girls who identify as boys, are they going to be the running backs for the football   is that going to work out well? How s that going to work out? Here is the transcript of the conversation, via Media Matters:STEVE DOOCY (CO-HOST): Laura, we talk about popular culture and society. How about this story this morning. There s a high school track athlete who was born male, identifies now as female  LAURA INGRAHAM: No.DOOCY: Competed with the girls  track team. And finished I think third at the state competition. I think we could have seen this coming. What do you make of this?INGRAHAM: Well, it s another first, right? We re all into firsts so that s a first. Then it will be the first field hockey player and pole vault star. Let me just say this, and Brian will love this story. I was in field hockey in Glastonbury, Connecticut. And at the end of the season one season we had the boys  soccer team play us. We were ranked number one in the state so the boys decided they were going to pick up sticks, the soccer team and play against us. Well, sadly for us the boys, who have never played field hockey, creamed us, okay? They killed us. We were number one in the state. They were faster. They were stronger. And they   I mean, it made me really mad, but they had better hand/eye coordination and never picked up a stick before. So is this fair to the other girls competing? I mean, I don t think it s really fair.BRIAN KILMEADE (CO-HOST): Of course it s not.INGRAHAM: And I think it s just more gender bending. This is gender bending   this is the next frontier until there s another frontier that the   you know, those who want to mix up the traditional social mores want to take us to. So it doesn t surprise me. It s not fair. Until parents make their views known, this is just going to keep getting worse.KILMEADE: Hey, Laura, in an environment where people are taking performance enhancing drugs to do better in sports you know we re going to be in the situation where, well, we d like to win our first state championship so let s let a few men   excuse me, some boys play with the girls  team and then take the controversy and also take the trophy.INGRAHAM: Hey Brian, do you think it will go the other way though? Are girls who identify as boys, are they going to be the running backs for the football   is that going to work out well? How s that going to work out? Let s go the other direction and see how successful that works out. I mean it s just, I have no   I really have  KILMEADE: I just shrug my   I don t know what to say.INGRAHAM: Well, it s only the current conversation, but remember we ll be on to the next issue and then the next and the next. This is a current litmus test. You re not a human being with real feelings and empathy unless you re cheering this on and bowing down to this new movement. Look, that s the way they want to frame it. It s up to the regular Americans to say, look, I m a good person. But I don t think this is fair and I think most people don t develop their understanding of their own, you know, sexuality until frankly later in life. You know, I think it s   I think it s confusing kids who are already pretty confused in this culture.KILMEADE: I m confused, and I m a grown-up. Laura Ingraham, I pretty much have reached my maximum in maturity. Laura. Thanks so much.This is really just too much, even for the imbeciles at Fox and Friends. They can have their opinions, sure, no matter how absolutely ignorant they may be. But attacking a private citizen, a high school student no less, on national television over her gender identity is truly beyond the pale. These people need an education, not a platform to spread ignorance.Watch the video below, again via Media Matters:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5957, Michelle Obama Launches A New Summit To Empower American Women Like Never Before,"First Lady Michelle Obama, along with an impressive group of successful, fierce women   including Meryl Streep, Oprah Winfrey, Kerry Washington, Laverne Cox, and Valerie Jarret   have launched a new summit, The United State of Women. Their goal is as follows:There s a lot that s been done by and for women and girls, but there s still plenty to do. Convened by the White House, this Summit will rally all of us together to celebrate what we ve achieved, and how we re going to take action moving forward. Covering key gender equality issues, we ll make a powerful difference in our collective future.The United State of Women will be an important moment for both women and girls, domestically and internationally. It will feature speakers who will both educate as well as inspire all of us to take action on June 14th and well afterThose issues include economic empowerment, health and wellness, educational opportunity, violence against women, entrepreneurship and leadership. All are areas where women are still underrepresented, even though women make up the majority of Americans.And, highlighting an important mission in Mrs. Obama s life, seminars will be held on healthy lifestyle living, from national standards to education on HIV/AIDS, to self defense and sex education. Taking part in the effort for women s reproductive health is Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood.But what makes this summit truly unique is that it truly represents all women   white, black, Asian, Hispanic, Latino, and Native American, LGBT, older, younger   the possibilities for women have no barriers. This important summit, through seminars, workshops and diverse panels, will also teach women how to use their education and talents to achieve anything they want, from STEM instruction to domestic tasks to elected office.Language barriers? No problem. Cultural differences? They welcome it. Different religions? The more the merrier. If you are a woman who seeks empowerment and change not just in America but the world, to have your voice heard, there is a spot for you at the table.Before women sign up to be a part of the movement, they ask you to sign a pledge, which states:Today, we ll change tomorrow.Starting on June 14, Mrs. Obama s summit will set a benchmark on celebrating what women have to offer this great country, and what a time for it to start   Hillary Clinton has just made history by clinching the Democratic nomination for President of the United States, the first woman to do so for a major political party.Michelle Obama and the multitudes of talented, courageous, strong women have taken it upon themselves to step up to the challenge and lead the world bye example.This country will become a better place because of their efforts. Hopefully 2016 can be the new Year of the Woman.Watch the powerful message below: Featured image via screen capture",0
5958, Trump Blasts Republicans For Being ‘Too Politically Correct’,"As Donald Trump heads into the general election against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, he is literally doing everything possible to cause a Republican revolt. As backlash mounts after his racist comments regarding Judge Gonzalo Curiel, GOP lawmakers from Mitch McConnell to Paul Ryan have called on the nominee to soften his rhetoric, focus on the issues, and drop the subject.Speaker Ryan referred to Trump s comments as the  textbook definition of racism.  McConnell called the comments  stupid  and requested that Trump apologize immediately.And what does Trump do? The exact opposite of everything they recommended.In an interview with the New York Times, Trump blasted fellow Republicans for being to harsh on him: Politicians are so politically correct anymore, they can t breathe. The people are tired of this political correctness when things are said that are totally fine. It is out of control. It is gridlock with their mouths. Trump also said he expects to work well with these same Republicans because he s  always gotten  what he wanted. And Trump actually thinks Ryan and McConnell s criticisms of his clearly racist sentiments are hurting the party:Mr. Trump, arms crossed tightly across his chest during lunch, was aggrieved and considered some of the Republican pushback inappropriate and unhelpful   though he did not want to address specific critics. He insisted that he is anything but a racist and, with his usual rebuttal by the numbers, stressed that voters have rewarded his outspokenness with a record haul of primary votes while Washington is held in dismal regard.He still thinks he s done nothing wrong. And what s even worse is he thinks politicians calling out his blatant racism is considered being  politically correct.  One can only imagine what doesn t constitute being politically correct in the mind of Donald Trump.What should worry the nation more? That the Republican nominee thinks he s saying the right thing, or that there are millions of people supporting him?The billionaire blowhard also told the Times that he intends to run his campaign the same way he s been conducting it over the last several months, meaning the racism and sexism will be front and center.This is a man who cannot admit he is wrong. This is a man who cannot apologize for saying the most vile things. This is  man who thinks he s so great that Republicans will just fall in line.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5959, ‘Neutral’ Elizabeth Warren’s Upcoming Endorsement Signals Unity Within Democratic Party,"Throughout the Democratic Primary, populist firebrand and progressive icon Senator Elizabeth Warren stayed completely neutral, neither endorsing Bernie Sanders nor Hillary Clinton   even after the Massachusetts primary.After Clinton clinched the nomination on June 7 after securing the amount of pledged delegates, sources close to Warren and Clinton told Reuters that the Massachusetts Senator will be making an endorsement   and she will be endorsing the presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton.As Sanders heads to Washington D.C. on Thursday to talk with President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, Warren s move could be seen as a bridge to unity, due to the fact that sources close to the senator say she is not ruling out a vice presidential position.Warren, who has made national headlines over the last few months taking on the thin-skinned GOP nominee Donald Trump, told sources the announcement would come  soon,  in about a week or two.A Clinton /Warren ticket would help unify the Democratic Party, bringing together Clinton s moderate-to-progressive base with Sanders  idealistic liberal supporters. As Sanders promises to stay in the race until the D.C. primary, there has been a split between his supporters as to whether he should stay in until the convention or bow out after the last primary.It s no secret: Clinton needs to pick a progressive populist to unite the party. Be it Sanders, Warren or Sherrod Brown, a more liberal counter to Clinton s progressive pragmatism will certainly reign in many of Sanders  most disenfranchised supporters.Even if Warren doesn t get the V.P. nod, there is no doubt she will be one of Clinton s strongest surrogates on the campaign trail. Her attacks on Trump are getting more polished, and clearly getting under his skin. When she called him out on his support for a housing market crash, his only response was to call her Pocahontas   a dead talking point from the right that didn t work in 2012, and certainly won t work in 2016.Couple her surrogacy with Obama, Biden and possibly Sanders by her side, Clinton would have a team that would be damn near unstoppable.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5960, Insane David Duke Rant: Trump’s Not Really Racist – It’s Just Wolf Blitzer And The Rest Of The Jews (AUDIO),"David Duke, who s best known as a former Ku Klux Klan leader and failed politician, has a whole new conspiracy surrounding Donald Trump. You see, it s not really that Trump s a racist. It s just that Wolf Blitzer and the rest of the Jewish media is making him seem racist. Damn those unedited videos.Pointing out  the Jewish establishment knows all about psychology,  Duke went on to explain that they have the ability to  marshal up an army of Jews  to go after opponents like Trump by sending out experts to attack him.Duke cast a wide net, including Chris Wallace from Fox News, CNN s Jake Tapper as well as Blitzer from CNN, who Duke claims he has already exposed as a  Jewish agent from AIPAC. Duke went on to point out that CNN is run by  Jewish extremist  Jeff Zucker, helpfully noting that Zucker has said  he lives and breathes Israel. They re the ones who have been attacking Trump,  Duke continued,  And most recently Fox News, the shabbat goy shiksa Megyn Kelly, because they love to have some gentile   they don t always want all the Jews out front. She recently criticized Trump, the fact that he said this judge isn t fair. This Mexican judge. This Mexican-descended judge. Source: Raw StoryDuke was especially peeved at the Trump University scandal, in which Trump is accused of bilking thousands of people out of upwards of $35,000. Trump is the one who is alleged to have committed fraud, yet, the Jews (and the  Mexican  who s not Mexican, judge):Media coverage of the case is  very illustrative of the Jewish tribal nature,  Duke said:  They re like a pack of wild dogs when they go after someone who they see as a threat to the Jewish agenda, as the neocons see Trump as a threat as a non-interventionist. The viciousness of these Jews is unbelievable,  he added.  I think this whole Trump University case really exploited, can really expose the entire Jewish manipulation of the American media, the American political process. Source: Jerusalem PostHere s the audio:Clearly, Duke is certifiable. He has long had it in for the  Jewish cabal  and a candidate like Trump seems tailor made for the white supremacist. While the  the Jews did it  defense might not resonate with most Trump voters (after all, they claim to love Israel), there will continue to be a lot of blaming of the media for the words that come out of Trump s mouth.Featured image via David Duke s Facebook page.",0
5961, Trump’s Trying To Attend Muhammad Ali’s Muslim Funeral – His Family’s Response Is Brilliant,"Donald Trump, the GOP candidate who has been completely anti-Muslim for his entire presidential campaign and even proposed a ban on all Muslims from coming into the United States, has said that he wants to attend the funeral of boxing legend Muhammad Ali, who happens to have been an openly proud Muslim.Not only has Trump perpetuated xenophobia and a deepening fear and hatred of Muslims in his supporters, but he has repeatedly insisted that everyone who follows Islam  hates us.  All things considered, it s baffling that Trump would want to be at a funeral where there will literally be thousands of Muslims. While it s not clear why Trump wants to go, Ali s family has responded to Trump s desire to attend the Muslim funeral on Thursday, and it s definitely worth sharing.Ali s family spokesmen Bob Gunnell said: Everything we re doing here was blessed by Muhammad Ali and was requested. Ali firmly believed in inclusiveness, and Gunnell said that the boxing legend would have wanted people from all different faiths to be at the service. While Gunnell couldn t confirm if Trump would actually show his face or not, he said Trump  would be welcome to attend. Saliha Shakir, a friend to Ali, said that the family knows the nasty things Trump has said about Muslims, but it wouldn t have stopped Ali from extending kindness in the face of hate. He would have wanted people to know that Islam is an inclusive religion, rather than the divisive one that Trump has portrayed it as. Shakir said: None of us care for [Trump s] rhetoric, but this is what Ali would have wanted. He would not have turned him away. This response shows a great deal of class, as Ali wasn t naive to Trump s Islamophobia. After Trump said he would ban Muslims from coming into America in response to a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, Ali spoke out about Islam and its true principles. I am a Muslim and there is nothing Islamic about killing innocent people in Paris, San Bernardino, or anywhere else in the world. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. We as Muslims have to stand up to those who use Islam to advance their own personal agenda. They have alienated many from learning about Islam. True Muslims know or should know that it goes against our religion to try and force Islam on anybody. And he also brilliantly called out Trump and those who try to make Islam out to be a violent religion: Speaking as someone who has never been accused of political correctness, I believe that our political leaders should use their position to bring understanding about the religion of Islam and clarify that these misguided murderers have perverted people s views on what Islam really is. Even after his death, Ali s values will live on. While it s not clear if Trump will attend Ali s Muslim funeral on Thursday or the interfaith services on Friday, he could really learn something.Featured image via Wikipedia and John Moore / Getty Images",0
5962, Bruce Campbell Shatters Bloodied ‘Trump Supporter’ Lie: It’s An Evil Dead Actress (IMAGE/TWEETS),"While it s usually Donald Trump s fans that make headlines in the media for angry, violent outbursts at rallies and other campaign events, it almost seemed like it was Trump supporters that might be in danger for a moment   until their attempt to turn the tables was called out in a completely embarrassing way.Trump s supporters have been caught using fake photos of bloodied people to try and prove that they are under attack from liberal protesters. Evil Dead actor Bruce Campbell was the one to correct them in a brilliant way that makes them look truly stupid and exposes them for the frauds that they are.The particular incident Campbell gracefully debunked was at a Trump event in San Jose, California, where protesters expressed hostility at the presumptive nominee s supporters. After things took a turn for the worse, pro-Trump Twitter account Conservative Nation tried to leverage the event to get even more sympathy for Trumpers by tweeting a photo of a bloodied woman and saying that her wounds were caused by demonstrators. Here s that tweet:TwitterFortunately Campbell saw the tweet, and didn t hesitate to fact-check the admins of Conservative Nation in front of his 400K+ Twitter followers. Campbell revealed that the woman in the photograph was not a bloodied Trump supporter at all   she was actually an actress for comedy-horror series Ash VS. Evil Dead, and she isn t even injured   it was a makeup test!",0
5963," Nancy Pelosi Just Trolled The Hell Out Of Paul Ryan’s Trump Support, And It’s AMAZING (TWEET)","With Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) canceling his Wednesday press conference, it left many wondering why he would do such a thing.One reason could certainly be because he doesn t quite know how to answer questions regarding Trump and his racist comments about a federal judge. Ryan, of course, also endorsed Trump, so there s the question of why would he back a clear racist as well.Spotting this clear dodge of the press was none other that House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), and she decided to have a little fun with it.Pelosi s Deputy Chief of Staff, Drew Hammill, tweeted out a pretend press release, clearly intended to mock Ryan s endorsement of Trump.It stated: Speaker Ryan to hide from Reporters TodayWashington, D.C.   Speaker Paul Ryan will not be available to answer your questions today about his surrender to Donald Trump. Speaker Ryan has cancelled his regular Wednesday press conference so you don t ask him about Donald Trump s racist commentary against a federal judge, and why, ahead of their national security agenda rollout tomorrow, the House GOP wants to hand the nuclear codes to a person who engages in textbook racism. .@SpeakerRyan in hiding today pic.twitter.com/NdCwZZfnY9  Drew Hammill (@Drew_Hammill) June 8, 2016BAM! HA!Well, that certainly didn t mince words one bit. And that press release certainly isn t wrong. Sure, Ryan said he canceled his press conference to host India s Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who just made an address to a joint session of Congress, but that s surely a cop-out considering a press conference takes barely any time at all out of his day, and you know, the fact that it s part of his job.Ryan has gotten himself into quite the pickle with his endorsement of Trump, who is clearly a bigot. So, a press release stating  Speaker Ryan to Hide from Reporters Today  is perfectly accurate, because why on earth would he want to stand there and defend a racist?Well played, Pelosi. Well played indeed.Featured Photo by Mark Wilson, Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5964, GOP’s Attempt At Voter Suppression In Ohio Is Struck Down In Court,"Fearing that the 2016 presidential election will be a disaster   with Hillary Clinton and Senate Democrats looking pretty favorable   Republicans have, of course, have been working overtime to suppress the vote in a key battleground state: Ohio.As everyone knows, no person elected president has ever won without winning Ohio. Even though Clinton wouldn t need Ohio (as long as she nabs Virginia, North Carolina and Florida) to win, that hasn t stopped Republicans from already attempting to rig the election.However, their hopes of doing just that were destroyed in court, when a federal judge issued a ruling that the state s new laws restricting the collection and counting of absentee ballots and poll workers aiding voters were unconstitutional on racial grounds. Judge Algenon Marble wrote in his decision:Voter suppression tactics have not disappeared but are now merely cloaked in ostensibly race-neutral language.Judge Marble also noted that the state s decision to bar poll workers from helping minorities fill out ballots unless the voter affirmed that he or she was disabled or illiterate was in violation of the Constitution, for it established a  literacy test  on those seeking to vote:The Court agrees with Dr. Timberlake that these inequalities, rooted in historical discrimination against African-Americans, have  significant and far-reaching  effects with specific and direct consequences for voting. Because low literacy levels are also correlated with substandard education and the Court has credited Dr. Timberlake s findings that African-Americans suffer from lower educational attainment than whites in Ohio, the Court concludes that African-Americans would also suffer from higher costs associated with the five-field requirement and the prohibition on poll-worker assistance because they would face disproportionately more challenges filling out the forms.  Because African-Americans move more frequently than whites, they may be more likely to be forced to vote provisionally. They are also more likely to be homeless.  And because they are more likely to have inflexible schedules or lack access.In other words: the state of Ohio, which is run by Republicans, attempted to circumvent black voters by instilling on them an option: know how to spell or your vote doesn t matter.Republicans literally just tried to turn black people away from voting   in 2016.This is what Republicans do: they disenfranchise black voters because they know their days of white rule are coming to and end.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5965, Watch This Brutal New Ad Featuring Trump Mocking Disabled Person – Will Air In Swing States,"As Trump begins his second try at  softening  his image, the progressive Super PAC Priorities USA has begun airing a damning hitting Donald Trump for making fun of a disabled New York Times reporter.The PAC, which is pro-Clinton, has been airing the ad in the swing states of Ohio, Florida, Virginia, Nevada, Colorado, Iowa and New Hampshire.The ad, titled  Grace,  features two middle class parents, Chris and Laura Glaros from Columbus,  whose child suffers from spina bifida. While chronicling their lives with Grace and how they deal with her disability, Laura turns the conversation to none other than Donald Trump:When I saw Donald Trump mock a disabled person, I was just shocked   All the children at Grace s school know never to mock her. And so, for an adult to mock someone with a disability is shocking.Chris then hit the blowhard nominee, adding:When I saw Donald Trump mock somebody with a disability, it showed me his soul, it showed me his heart, and I didn t like what I saw.During Laura s segment, the ad cuts to footage of Trump making fun of Serge Kovaleski, who dared to challenge Trump s very false and very offensive claim of seeing Muslims in New Jersey celebrating the 9/11 terrorist attacks.According to watchdog Open Secrets, Priorities USA has raised (for the 2016 election cycle) $76 million, and has spent $29 million, a big chunk being used for media advertisements like  Grace. Never mind the fact Trump has insulted the integrity of those who have dared to questioned him, it takes a special kind of monster to attack a man based on his disability, not his reporting. And thanks to Priorities USA, the whole country (especially people living in crucial swing states), will be reminded of who Trump really is   a monster.Watch the ad below, courtesy of Priorities USA:Featured image a screen caption",0
5966, This One Tweet Perfectly Depicts How Hillary Is About To Destroy Trump In The General,"After a hard-fought race between herself and Senator Bernie Sanders, Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is looking towards the general election. She now has the majority of pledged delegates, superdelegates and popular vote in the Democratic race, making her the clear victor, and the first female presumptive presidential nominee of any major party in the history of the republic.And while she has earned a moment to revel in her historic victory, she still has her eye on the goal of the White House and defeat of presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump.Knowing how crucial it is that Hillary move forward to defeat Donald Trump, her campaign tweeted out an image that was beyond perfect. They say a picture says a thousand words, and this image is further proof of that point.With a shot of Donald Trump on a screen in the background, appearing small and blurry, just like his message, it also shows Hillary prepared to take on her next challenge.The image only had one word to describe it, because only one word was needed: Ready. Ready. pic.twitter.com/y6qupOwX9K  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 8, 2016And ready she is. She s been ready. She s practically been born ready, and has a lifetime of experience and education to back up her readiness. Go get  em, Hillary.Featured Photo by Drew Angerer, John Moore/Getty Images",0
5967, Lindsey Graham Is Literally Begging Republicans To Un-Endorse Trump,"Republicans are beginning to jump ship, and are now becoming members of the growing  Never Trump  train. Senators are denouncing him, some flat out refuse to endorse him, and now some are starting to un-endorse him.Senator Lindsey Graham, one of the Republicans refusing to endorse, is urging his GOP colleagues to rescind their endorsements of Donald Trump, like Senator Mark Kirk did on Tuesday.Comparing the Republican nominee to Joe McCarthy, Graham told the New York Times that Republicans cannot justify supporting Trump after his comments regarding Judge Ganzalo Curiel:This is the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy. If anybody was looking for an off-ramp, this is probably it. There ll come a time when the love of country will trump hatred of Hillary.Nice little pun he included. And kudos for Graham to call out his party for hating Clinton more than they love their country.It s not known if Graham has been in contact with any Senate Republicans on the issue, but Susan Collins, who has not expressively endorsed Trump, claimed she was holding out for a redemption before making a decision.The contingency for Republicans rests on Trump s ability to retract or tone down rhetoric regarding the Judge and Mexicans overall. However, Bloomberg reported that Trump and his surrogates plan on ramping up the attacks. That should go over well for vulnerable Senators down the road.If Mark Kirk wants to help keep his GOP majority, he ll be calling on Ron Johnson, Kelly Ayotte, Rob Portman, Pat Toomey, Richard Burr and the rest of the vulnerables to quickly and unequivocally denounce Trump and rescind endorsements.Heed Graham s warnings, Republicans. He shouldn t have to beg them.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5968, Even Trump Vodka Was A Charity Scam,"While Donald Trump is undeniably very wealthy, but he was apparently never taught the responsibilities that go with wealth   to give back to the community. First, we learn that Trump gives virtually none of his own money to charity, then we learn that 4money tagged for veterans never got there. Now, we re learning that he s ripping charities off with his vodka.The very fact that Trump is marketing vodka under his name shows a serious lack of conviction and character. He doesn t drink and his brother died from what Trump attributes to alcohol. I sort of hated doing it,  Trump said at the time of his vodka-licensing deal.  My brother, Fred, who was the best, ended up being an alcoholic. And I learned a lot about alcohol and alcoholism from Fred. Source: Huffington PostSo, Trump said he d give the money, all the money, to Mothers Against Drunk Driving. I m going to give 100 percent of that money to them in honor of my late brother, Fred Trump,  Trump wrote in December 2005.  I guarantee you that Fred is looking down now and saying,  That s really the best thing to do. Mothers Against Drunk Driving didn t receive the money. To be fair, Trump said they refused it because the money would have been ill gotten gains, at least from their perspective. They didn t want to profit from the sale of alcohol.Still, Trump has a terrible charitable record. During the last two decades, Trump, the alleged billionaire, has given only $3.7 million to charity. He s not even the largest contributor to his very own foundation. That s the World Wrestling Foundation. Even evil Leona Hensley was more charitable than Trump.As for Trump Vodka, that s no more. The company, like so many of Trump s companies, went belly up and the distillery moved to (surprise) Mexico.Is this the most pressing issue facing Trump s campaign? Perhaps not, but it could help wake people up to the fact that he is no more than an every day conman. He has no intention of living up to any of his shallow promises.Featured image via John Moore at Getty Images",0
5969, Clinton Trolls Trump With AWESOME New Website,"After emerging victorious in the Democratic Primary Tuesday night   securing the majority of pledged delegates thanks to New Jersey and California   Hillary Clinton got right down to business. And her first order was to reach out to Trump-weary Republicans with a new domain: RepublicansAgainstTrump.orgRegistered on May 24, the website asks disenfranchised Republicans to sign a pledge to not vote for the presumptive GOP nominee in November. The pledge simply states:Donald Trump is not qualified to be president. He does not represent my beliefs as a Republican and, more importantly, my values as an American. He does not speak for me and I will not vote for him.If one signs the pledge, they will receive a free sticker, courtesy of the Clinton campaign.As Clinton shatters the glass ceiling, Trump continues to divide the GOP, and the Democratic candidate s campaign is taking full advantage of the rift.Just yesterday, Republican Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois   who faces a tough reelection battle   became the first elected member of the GOP to un-endorse Trump. On the same day, an Iowa legislator, who has served as a Republican for 18 years, announced he would be leaving the GOP due to Trump s racism.Today, failed presidential candidate and Governor Scott Walker backed away from an endorsement of Trump, saying,  It s just sad in America we have such poor choices right now.  Just two days ago, Walker expressed willingness to endorse the frontrunner.Not only does Clinton want to win, she wants an absolute blowout. There s no better way to achieve that than to reach out to Republicans and right-leaning independents who refuse to back a racist demagogue. Unlike other elections, it s pretty clear what Trump is: a bigot. Republicans realize this, giving Clinton an advantage to nab support from the other side.Clinton is set to begin campaigning in the crucial battleground states of Ohio and Pennsylvania.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5970, NY Daily News Nails Republican Party Perfectly With This Perfect Cover (IMAGE),"The New York Daily News, once again, has knocked it out of the park with their Wednesday cover. The cover features images of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan next to each other. Ryan is pointing his index towards Trump, with the words  I m with racist  written over the two Republicans.The cover photo was shared on Twitter Tuesday night, where it quickly went viral. Here s the cover photo:Tomorrow's front page: I'M WITH RACIST! Ryan still supports Trump, ""definition of racist"" https://t.co/0C1JIaQxwN pic.twitter.com/AxlnLYWcv2  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) June 7, 2016The cover relates to Ryan s recent public condemnation of Trump s racist rhetoric. I disavow these comments. Claiming a person can t do the job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment. I think that should be absolutely disavowed. It s absolutely unacceptable. Trump s flagrantly racist comments aren t enough for Ryan to rescind his endorsement of Trump. Ryan offered this explanation as to why he is still supporting Trump: Do I believe that Hillary Clinton is the answer? No, I do not,  he said.  I believe that we have more common ground on the policy issues of the day and we have more likelihood of getting our policies enacted with him than we do with her. The actual article that The NY Daily News published describes the situation with a bit of apt snark, by saying,  Donald Trump is a racist, but he s our racist, the Republican speaker of the House said. The cover is emblematic of the current situation happening in Republican politics. The GOP is a party divided. Top Republican party members have consistently refused to take a firm stance on Trump s most controversial proposals. Those proposals include building a wall a border wall that isn t needed between the United States and Mexico and the laughable assertion that Mexico will pay for this mega construction project. Then there is Trump s proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. A policy that is blatantly xenophobic, impossible to enforce, and will do absolutely nothing to prevent terrorism.Though, Trump s economic policies (whatever they are this week) tend to follow the trickle down economic agenda of the party of big business, which is apparently good enough for Ryan.Featured image from screenshot via Twitter",0
5971," A Monkey Knocked Out Kenya’s Power Grid, So Conservatives Called Obama a N***** (SCREENSHOTS)","On Tuesday, all of Kenya went dark for more than three hours after a monkey climbed onto the roof of the Gitaru Power Station and fell onto a transformer. The Mirror reports that the unfortunate primate caused other machines at the station to overload, causing the national power blackout. Fortunately, all systems have been restored and the country still has power.Normally, this would be a rather unfortunate, yet benign, story with no protagonist, antagonist, or drama. But enter American conservatives. When a site called Drudge Today, actual relationship with right-wing propaganda mill Drudge Report unknown, copy and pasted the story from The Mirror, you can pretty much guess what happened.Since the Right has spent years portraying our President as a Kenyan (not American) usurper who wants to institute a system of Socialist, Communist, Muslim hater-of-all-that-is-good-and-righteous, it is unsurprising that they would see the headline and jump on the opportunity to spew a bunch of hateful, racist bullsh*t.Quickly, the comment section filled with 101 degrees of horribleness.Here are some of the highlights:On the Mirror s website, the hatred flowed as well:  Unfortunately, this is the mind of the modern conservative. While once, a very long, long long time ago, the Republican Party had some good ideas for the nation (remember when they supported unions?), conservatives have become nothing but hate-hoses.Remember: each and every one of these people will be headed to the polls in November. Make sure that you re there too. Only you can cancel out the hate when you vote BLUE.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
5972, Twitter Destroyed Trump For This Racist Comment During His Victory Speech (VIDEO),"The media hyped the fact that Donald Trump used a teleprompter during his speech on Tuesday night after winning the final slate of Republican primaries (with no opposition). The speech was more sober and low energy than most Trump speeches have been, and used more sophisticated language than Trump s traditional events.But he still stuck his foot in it.During the speech, Trump made a reference to helping  our African-American people  who live in the  inner city  that have been  mistreated  for so long.Coming just a few days after referring to a black man in one of his rallies as  my African-American,  the comment hit a sour note for many people, especially as it sounded like a possessive reference to ownership.Twitter users took Trump to task for the comment almost immediately after he said it:Trump: It's gonna be great. We are going to give ""our African American people"" 3/5 of a vote.  jeremy scahill (@jeremyscahill) June 8, 2016""Our African American people"" pic.twitter.com/WmBc1Er1mq  Smooth Kobra (@smoothkobra) June 8, 2016@ljoywilliams  correction Trump said we will take care of ""our African American "" As if we are property. ""Our"" wtf!  Curtis D. Young (@curtisdyoung) June 8, 2016Donald Trump: ""We are going to take care of our African American people. Us:   pic.twitter.com/scV8uKGUN2  Black Wildcat (@Midwest_KZ) June 8, 2016""Our African American people pic.twitter.com/oyI604JINe  Devin Gifford (@dgiff_) June 8, 2016hhhhhh"" We are going to take care of our #African_American people!"" Donald Trump. pic.twitter.com/43JHXdYg2I  solgem ofiko (@SolgemOfiko) June 8, 2016""We're going to take care of OUR African American people ""   Trump pic.twitter.com/hlne5gYSdK  Misty Knight's Afro (@Steph_I_Will) June 8, 2016Even a conservative radio host, Hugh Hewitt, thought the Trump statement sounded bad:Even Hugh Hewitt cringed at Trump's ""our African American"" line pic.twitter.com/jvESXXUSa1  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) June 8, 2016Trump has used his campaign to repeatedly attack and belittle minorities in America. He described Mexican immigrants as  criminals  and  rapists,  while also calling for a ban on Muslim travel to the United States.His campaign has also received support from white supremacists, who have bankrolled robocalls in his favor and a super PAC backing his election. Trump was endorsed by notorious former klansman David Duke and his campaign arranged for a white supremacist radio show to get credentials to cover them.Trump even rejected multiple opportunities in an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper to denounce and reject support from Duke. Instead he stubbornly tried to deflect the question.His most diehard supporters have echoed Trump s rhetoric, while the most extreme have even assaulted black protesters at his rallies, and in one instance a Latino man was beat up and assaulted by a pair of men who cited Trump as they engaged in violence.So, tell us again how The Donald is not a racist.Featured image via YouTube",0
5973, How Trump Tried To Get Money From A Terrorist-Backing Dictator,"Despite his tough talk on international affairs, slamming Democrats like President Obama and Hillary Clinton for being soft on terror and terrorism, it turns out Donald Trump tried to strike up a business deal with a notorious terror financier and dictator.It s part of a pattern of Trump doing anything under the sun in order to generate money for himself, never mind the moral quicksand involved. In this instance it was an attempt to do business with notorious Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi.Donald Trump tried to raise money from the regime of Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi two years before a 2011 revolution toppled the brutal leader, according to four people with knowledge of the effort. Trump even tried to set up a meeting with the tyrant himself, three of the sources say, to explore business ventures   despite the Libyan leader s notorious sponsorship of terrorism that killed scores of Americans.Gaddafi infamously bankrolled militants around the world, including the IRA, and most notoriously the men responsible for the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 that blew up over Lockerbie, Scotland, killing 243 passengers, 16 crew members, and 11 people on the ground.The dictator s role in the bombing was well known   for decades   by the time Trump was buzzing around, looking for another deal to add to his bottom line.Trump approached the Libyan government through several channels, BuzzFeed News has learned, including the then-Libyan ambassador to the U.S., Ali Aujali. The billionaire invited Aujali, said to be an avid golfer, to Florida for time on the links, according to a former Libyan embassy official, a former U.S. government official, and a Washington insider with direct knowledge of the effort.In addition to his racist appeals to the base of the Republican Party, Trump has used his so-called business success as his calling card during the campaign. Many of his business ventures have failed including Trump Steaks, Trump Vodka, Trump casinos and Trump Magazine, among others. In addition to failure, like this apparent attempt to work with a dictator, ventures like Trump University and allegations of fraud continue to plague the candidate and don t appear to be going away any time soon.Featured image via Flickr/YouTube",0
5974, Friend Of Stanford Rapist: Not Everyone Who Rapes In College Is A Rapist,"Absolutely everything about the story of Brock Turner, the convicted Stanford swim team rapist, is gag-worthy. He received a particularly light sentence (more on that in a bit), his father thought he shouldn t have had any sentence because it was just  20 minutes of action.  Now, a friend of Turner has spoken and her (yes her) attitude is that we are being way too politically correct because well, he s in college, or something like that.Apparently, according to Turner s childhood friend, Leslie Rasmussen, a rapist isn t really a rapist when it happens on a college campus: I don t think it s fair to base the fate of the next ten + years of his life on the decision of a girl who doesn t remember anything but the amount she drank to press charges against him. I am not blaming her directly for this, because that isn t right. But where do we draw the line and stop worrying about being politically correct every second of the day and see that rape on campuses isn t always because people are rapists. Then, the obligatory victim blaming: This is completely different from a woman getting kidnapped and raped as she is walking to her car in a parking lot. That is a rapist. These are not rapists. These are idiot boys and girls having too much to drink and not being aware of their surroundings and having clouded judgement. No, this was not a case of two drunk kids taking things a little too far. This was a violent sexual assault. Here s just some of it, as retold by the victim:He said he had asked if I wanted to dance. Apparently I said yes. He d asked if I wanted to go to his dorm, I said yes. Then he asked if he could finger me and I said yes. Most guys don t ask, can I finger you? Usually there s a natural progression of things, unfolding consensually, not a Q and A. But apparently I granted full permission. He s in the clear. Even in his story, I only said a total of three words, yes yes yes, before he had me half naked on the ground. Future reference, if you are confused about whether a girl can consent, see if she can speak an entire sentence. You couldn t even do that. Just one coherent string of words. Where was the confusion? This is common sense, human decency.According to him, the only reason we were on the ground was because I fell down. Note; if a girl falls down help her get back up. If she is too drunk to even walk and falls down, do not mount her, hump her, take off her underwear, and insert your hand inside her vagina. If a girl falls down help her up. If she is wearing a cardigan over her dress don t take it off so that you can touch her breasts. Maybe she is cold, maybe that s why she wore the cardigan.Clearly, calling Turner a  rapist  isn t political correctness. It s simply a fact. Brock was convicted of three felony counts. While the maximum sentence for his offenses might have been 10 years, he will likely only serve three months. As horrendously unjust as that sentence is, it s still about three months longer than 97 percent of rapists serve. That s political incorrectness if I ve ever heard it.Featured image via video screen grab. ",0
5975, Iowa Legislator Leaves Republican Party Over Trump’s Racism,"For almost an entire year Donald Trump insulted, berated, bastardized and scrutinized everything that wasn t a white, Christian male. Republicans barely flinched.Then he makes a comment about a Mexican judge s heritage when it pertains to his fraud lawsuit. Republicans lose their minds (and rightfully so).It appears that Trump s comments about Judge Gonzalo Curiel has hit a special nerve in one state legislator.The Des Moines Register has broken the news that David Johnson, who has served in the Iowa General Assembly for 18 years as a Republican, will be leaving the GOP over the party s  bigot  nominee, Donald J. Trump.Johnson told the Register: I will not stand silent if the party of Lincoln and the end of slavery buckles under the racial bias of a bigot. The now former Republican will be registering as a member of  no party preference,  and said he will never support Hillary Clinton for president. However, Johnson has also stated that he is not sure he will caucus with the Republicans in the Legislature, feeling that members of the GOP have become  too timid  to take on Trump and his supporters. Johnson did say that if a formidable Republican steps up to the plate and challenged Trump nationally, he may rejoin the party, but said: If Mr. Trump is the nominee, he becomes the standard bearer for a party that s on the verge of breaking apart. He simply cannot unify the GOP. If there is a profound split, I ll gladly rejoin Republicans who are dedicated to equality and justice for all, and let Trump lead his supporters over the cliff. And that s exactly what Mr. Trump will do. Johnson also knows how this will hurt him politically, but says he doesn t care, citing his record of often going against the Republican establishment in the state when it comes to education funding and Medicaid program.One thing is for sure   we will see many more Republicans follow Johnson s lead in he coming months.Featured image via Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images",0
5976, Mark Kirk Becomes First Republican To Un-Endorse Donald Trump (VIDEO),"Facing a tough reelection against Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth, vulnerable GOP Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois announced today that he is un-endorsing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. In a Tweet, Kirk said his military experience helped lead him to make the decision:Given my military experience, Donald Trump does not have the temperament to command our military or our nuclear arsenal.  Mark Kirk (@MarkKirk) June 7, 2016Then, in a statement, Kirk told reporters:  As the presidential campaign progressed, I was hoping the rhetoric would tone down and reflect a campaign that was inclusive, thoughtful and principled. While I oppose the Democratic nominee, Donald Trump s latest statements, in context to past attacks on Hispanics, women, and the disabled like me, make it certain that I cannot and will not support my party s nominee for President regardless of the political impact on my candidacy or the Republican Party. And like that, Kirk became the first Republican to un-endorse Donald Trump. Benn Sasse and Lindsey Graham, Republican Senators from Nebraska and South Carolina, have pledged not to support Trump either, and Trump s former rivals, Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are still on the fence.Other Republican Senators, such as Kelly Ayotte, Bob Corker, Mitch McConnell, Susan Collins, and Jeff Flake, have all expressed condemnation for Trump s comments about the judge presiding over the University case, but have pledged continued support.Kirk s announcement, coincidentally, comes just one day after his challenger, Duckworth, said Kirk s refusal  silence  equals  betrayal  to the people.Watch Kirk explain to reporters his un-endorsement: JUST IN: @SenatorKirk talks exclusively to @nbcnews  @HallieJackson RE: him not supporting Trump: pic.twitter.com/OsxSmkwDt0  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) June 7, 2016Featured image via Gabriella Demczuk",0
5977, Women Will Get More Elected Representation If Clinton Becomes President,"In 1991, when old, white men turned on Anita Hill, a monster was awakened, and that monster was the fury of the woman. In the 1992 election, women let the old boy s club know exactly how it felt   they elected a Democrat for president, and they made unprecedented gains in the House and he Senate. The 1992 election was called the Year of the Woman. And it was all thanks to one woman   Hill   who stood up to the good old boys.And now that the 2016 Democratic Primary is almost over, with Hillary Clinton reaching the threshold to claim victory, women will come out of the woodwork (at an even faster pace) and enact real change.Vox contends that should Clinton win the presidency, just her mere presence in the White House will be enough to spur a growth of women running for office:Clinton s gender is the most obvious way she stands out from everyone who s held the presidency before, but people inside and outside the campaign have hesitated to argue explicitly that it matters. But it does matter. Enormously. A woman president would be   by far   the biggest, most salient, and most important example of a successful woman in American politics likely inspiring secondary and tertiary waves of women s election runs and election victories.Using analysis from political consultant Amelia Showalter, Vox shows that when women are even mentioned as potentially running for office, female involvement in the whole process increases by a percentage point. When a woman is elected as a state Attorney General, participation increases to two percent. When elected Governor, it increases to 2.36 percent. When elected Senator, it increases to 2.9 percent.Should Clinton be elected President of the United States, with the sort of name recognition she has, the amount of female participation in the process (elected and unelected) would increase astronomically. And that measure doesn t include the throngs of women Clinton will choose to fill her cabinet.Analysis also shows that when women have representation (such as the presidency) and their identity politics   abortion, equal pay, childcare   are adequately represented by women, they will cause a ripple effect that will essentially bring male legislators onto their side. As Tali Mendelberg, Christopher Karpowitz, and Nicholas Goedert show:When women are many, they are more likely to voice women s distinctive concerns about children, family, the poor and the needy. What s more, when women are more numerous and therefore more vocal on these topics, men become more vocal too, and these effects are associated with more generosity to the poor.Women, in a sense, could liberalize the country by being elected to office. How do they get elected to office? They are inspired to run. And how are they inspired to run? They see other women, like Hillary Clinton, achieve high office.It s a ripple effect that will usher in the much needed change in Washington. After all, it s been proven that women in Congress, when they are in charge, get more done in a more bipartisan fashion.Hillary Clinton is going to help continue that.Featured image via Kevin Winter",0
5978," Meryl Streep Impersonated Donald Trump, And It Was Absolutely PERFECT (VIDEO/TWEETS)","Meryl Streep has certainly proven herself capable of playing any role, regardless of whether the character is a woman or a man, but her latest performance is a little bit different from what she usually does.Streep s latest use of her talents include a costume of ridiculous blonde hair, a fat suit and some horribly-applied orange self-tanner   in other words, she s become Donald Trump! At the annual Shakespeare in the Park Public Theater Gala on Monday, the award-winning actress impersonated The Donald as she performed onstage with fellow actress Christine Baranski, who was performing as Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton. The two actresses delighted the audience as they sang a parody version of Cole Porter s song  Brush Up Your Shakespeare,  a number from the musical Kiss Me Kate   all while keeping in character.Zeroing in on Trump s misogynistic nature, Streep imitated Trump and showed everyone why she s been routinely called the  best actress of her generation.  During the skit, she bellowed: You ll let me know why it is all the women say no. Baranski replied: Brush up your Shakespeare and the women you will wow. Just declaim a few lines from Othello, and they ll think you re a hell of a fella. The skit was hilarious, and fans were quick to pull out their phones and start taping the show. Here s a clip and some tweets to show just how much everyone loved it:More of Meryl and Christine Baranski doing Trump and HRC pic.twitter.com/t7jgNsf74d  Jacob Bernstein (@BernsteinJacob) June 7, 2016TwitterTwitterStreep s mockery of The Donald makes all the sense in the world, considering that she s been a strong supporter of Clinton. To make this performance even more epic, it just happened to fall on the same evening that the real Hillary Clinton made history by becoming the first woman to clinch the presidential nomination of a major political party. There s no better way to celebrate that than by bashing Donald Trump.Featured image via Twitter",0
5979, Leave It To Seth Meyers To Absolutely PUMMEL Trump’s Obvious Racism And Fraud (VIDEO),"It s gotten to the point that if you re still considering voting for Donald Trump in November, you ve got to be completely fine with voting for a scam artist and a misogynistic racist. Now, if those are things that you can overlook because of the simplistic view of party line politics, well, that s just sad, but it s your vote.Pointing out Trump s blatant racism, and ever-obvious scam artist antics is Seth Meyers on Late Night during a segment he calls  A Closer Look.  Meyers informed his audience of what Trump University is   fraud.He said: Trump University was founded in 2005, promising to teach people how to make money off real estate. But, as the Washington Post reported, it wasn t a university or even a school; it was just  a series of seminars held in hotel ballrooms across the country.' Meyers then compared getting a degree in business at Trump University is about as valid as getting a medical degree at the Holiday Inn Express. He also pointed out that Trump University is so bad, and so fraudulent, that it scammed mothers trying to feed their kids and even Bernie Madoff would say,  Wow, dog, that s not cool. Not only did Meyers go elbow deep into describing how much of a scam artist Trump is, but also how racist he is. He perfectly summarized it with this one statement: Now to be clear, claiming that someone is not able to do their job because of their race is, by definition, racism. Period. And in regards to Trump pointing and calling out his  African-American  and Republicans all of a sudden seeming to realize Trump is racist, Meyers said: Republicans can t pretend to suddenly be shocked and offended, this is who Trump was well before this latest outburst, and this is who [the GOP is] lining up to support  So remember this when Trump inevitably tries to convince you he s not a racist. Because guess what? He is.Watch the segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5980, Here’s The Exact Moment CNN Got A Sitting Congressman To Admit Donald Trump Is A Racist (VIDEO),"CNN has been heavily criticized for its coverage of Donald Trump s rise and rightfully so. For months, one of the most watched news networks in America deferred to the  both sides  model of false equivalency that had been standard practice for years. Recently, as Trump clinched the Republican nomination and it became clear that he has no intention of being  more presidential,  something in the minds of the network s reporters and hosts  clicked.  They finally seem to get it. Donald Trump is a despicable person and no amount of  he said, she said  is going to blunt that fact.So they ve changed. And in doing so have absolutely upped their game.On a recent episode of At This Hour, hosts John Berman and Kate Bolduan put on a masterclass on how to press a Trump supporter to get right down to the uncomfortable truth at the very root of Trump s campaign. They invited on freshman congressman Lee Zeldin (R-N.Y.) and slowly demolished his talking points. Watching a human being get so thoroughly decimated is never easy, but given Zeldin s baffling support for Trump it s hard to say he didn t have it coming. He knows Trump is a racist   just ask him.After Zeldin tried to dismiss Trump s comments about his Hispanic judge as a  regrettable mistake,  the pair of hosts didn t let him off the hook. If Donald Trump is engaging in racism, are you still comfortable supporting him? Zeldin tried to change the subject, as he no doubt was trained to do. But Bolduan and Berman weren t buying it. After trying to use the opportunity to pivot to bashing Hillary Clinton, Bolduan interrupts. I m not saying Are you now voting for Hillary Clinton? , but are you still endorsing Donald Trump if you think he s engaging in racism? Well, yes, it s Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton and it s a no brainer between the two of them Are you essentially saying  Yes he s a racist, but he s our racist ? Boom!Zeldin has to admit that while Trump s comments are indeed racist, he thinks in Trump s  heart  that he isn t a white supremacist. (A tip for any aspiring politicians: If you have to go on national television to tepidly argue that deep inside your candidate isn t as racist as he looks, you ve already lost.)Again Berman holds his feet to the fire: Sorry but what would you call someone who makes racist statements? Everyone calls them a racist. So if Donald Trump is making racist statements, you re saying he s a racist! Hahaha.The exchange ends with Zeldin throwing up the last, most desperate argument he and his party has in their playbook: Trump may be a racist, but Obama is a bigger racist. The look on the hosts  faces is absolutely priceless.Watch the full, cringeworthy exchange below:Featured image via CNN",0
5981," WATCH: Speaker Ryan Slams Trump For ‘Racism,’ Still Backs Him For President","Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) spoke out again on Donald Trump s attacks on the judge overseeing the Trump University case. In a press conference, when asked about Trump, Ryan said his claim that the judge should be removed from the proceedings because of  Hispanic heritage  was the  textbook definition of racism  and  indefensible.  Ryan continued, noting,  I do absolutely disavow those comments. Paul Ryan weighs in on Donald Trump's attacks on judge's ethnic heritage : ""I do absolutely disavow those comments"" https://t.co/EuNIF2NvEO  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) June 7, 2016Despite the harsh condemnation, however, Ryan would not rescind his endorsement of Trump for President of the United States. He added,  But do I believe Hillary Clinton is the answer? No, I do not. The unprecedented rebuke of the Republican Party s presidential nominee by the highest-ranked Republican official in the country would seem to be nearly worthless, if he still supports the candidate anyways.Even more striking, Ryan made his remarks as he stood in front of a largely African-American crowd, as he was announcing a conservative anti-poverty campaign. Ryan has often used publicity stunts to make Republicans appear more compassionate, while advocating for a legislative agenda that would cut many of the major provisions of the social safety net   welfare, social security, and the like   put in place and shored up by progressives and Democrats.Republicans have been pummeled on Trump s decision to racially attack Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel. Nearly every Democrat of national significance   including Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders   has blasted him over it. Republicans in the House and Senate have condemned the attack, but almost all of those have said like Ryan that they will still back Trump for the presidency.Actor and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a tweet in defense of Curiel, writing,  Judge Curiel is an American hero who stood up to the Mexican cartels. I was proud to appoint him when I was Gov. The racist episode is another black eye for the Republican Party as it attempts to make itself more appealing to Latino voters, after they overwhelmingly backed President Obama in the last two elections.Featured image via Twitter",0
5982," Home Depot Founder Just Endorsed Trump, Apparently Hoping For Some Sweet Border Wall Money","Trump doesn t have a plan about how, exactly, he will build his wall on the Mexican border   but Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus surely has some idea where he can get his supplies. Recently, the retired CEO and chairman of the home improvement supplies company wrote a piece for Real Clear Politics in which he expressed both his hatred for Barack Obama and his love for the 2016 Republican nominee.In his unsolicited ravings, the billionaire says that Trump is the only hope for America. In rhetoric typical of those on the far Right, he informs us that Barack Obama is destroying our country and the one who can fix everything   make America  great again  if you will   is The Donald:I know Donald Trump, but we re not close friends. However, I believe he will begin on Day One undoing the damage done by President Barack Obama. I stand ready to help him at every turn.Like many, I am deeply concerned about the US Supreme Court. When Trump recently released his list of potential appointees, I grew confident in his resolve to keep our court balanced. Even more important: Clinton will push the court leftward for generations. She must be stopped. I genuinely believe that if we to [sic] started The Home Depot today,  he adds,  we would fail because of the hurdles government, especially the current administration, places in front of small business owners. He laments the future of the Supreme Court under a Clinton presidency. According to Marcus, Clinton will  push the court leftward for generations  and  must be stopped.  And, once again, the one to stop her is Trump:Donald Trump is right: To inspire more of these men and women, we must make America great again. Record-breaking numbers of Republican primary voters agree. They overwhelmingly want Donald Trump to lead this sea change, and we believe he can. But he needs to stand on our shoulders; he cannot do it alone.One of the greatest lessons we took away from The Home Depot is to always listen to your customers. Without their input, we surely would have failed. Republican leaders must listen to their customers, too   their voters   and they have spoken clearly. As Americans, the choice is abundantly clear: If you want four more years of President Obama, vote for Hillary Clinton; if you want to take the country in a new direction, vote for Donald Trump,  he says, urging Americans to stand up for hate (and wall building).He s right, though. Given those two choices, it is important to vote for the best one to lead America forward, the one who can be trusted to continue and expand upon Trump s policies   and with Sanders almost out of the picture (please don t kill me; I voted for him), that choice is very clearly Hillary Clinton. While Democrats disagree over which of our two very qualified candidates should run against Trump, the most important thing we can do is ensure that Donald Trump doesn t make it anywhere near the White House.The next President will nominate multiple judges to the Supreme Court. Like Marcus said, the fate of numerous equality measures rests on Donald Trump not getting elected. Featured image via algemeiner.com",0
5983, Reagan’s Son SLAMS Trump: If My Father Was Alive He Wouldn’t Vote For GOP Nominee (TWEETS),"Yet another conservative is openly expressing his support for the #NeverTrump movement   and it s none other than Michael Reagan, the son of former President Ronald Reagan.On Monday, Michael took to Twitter to tell his followers that he would not be voting for The Donald on Tuesday, and that he firmly believes that his father would also refrain from voting for the business mogul if he was still alive. Of course, Reagan was immediately attacked by Trump s die-hard followers, who tried to argue his claim that the former President wouldn t have backed Trump if he were here today. Here s how that went:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterReagan is one of an overwhelming amount of Republicans abandoning the GOP solely because Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee. No one can forget that when Trump was announced as the leader in the GOP race, conservatives all across the country reacted by burning and tearing up their voter registration cards. In some cases, GOP voters left their affiliation with the party altogether.Reagan has spoken against Trump before, with the assertion that his father would not approve of the business mogul being the GOP nominee. A few months ago, during an interview with Newsmax, Reagan slammed Trump s campaign, and the Republicans who support it: My father would be appalled by what s going on with this campaign. Are you a Trump Republican, or are you a Reagan Republican? Because you cannot be both. The words of Reagan s son are particularly humorous considering that Trump has compared himself to Reagan before, when he claimed he evoke[s] the name Ronald Reagan.  Trump said on CBS s Face The Nation: Ronald Reagan was a fairly liberal Democrat, and he evolved over years and he became more and more conservative. And he was not a very conservative person, but he was pretty conservative. And he ended up being a great president. Clearly, no one else sees the similarities besides The Donald, and many GOPers   such as Reagan s son   don t have any faith in Trump to be  a great president .Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5984," Report: Trump Campaign Tried To Intimidate Third Party Candidate, Called His Family","Donald Trump s presidential campaign appears to be very worried about the prospect that a third-party campaign could eat into his votes, delivering the election victory to Hillary Clinton.Conservative writer and activist Bill Kristol has been trying to recruit a candidate to run against Trump and Clinton, for those on the right who have aligned themselves with the  #NeverTrump  movement. The #NeverTrump crowd opposes Trump s campaign but can t bring themselves to support the Democratic nominee. Kristol recently tried to stir up support for writer David French to get on the ballot, and that s when Team Trump freaked out.It was enough, apparently, to spook the Trump campaign. Sources say that on Wednesday, influential supporters of the campaign, prompted by the campaign itself, began reaching out to the Republican National Committee, to Kristol, and to French attempting to quash the bid. One Trump operative reached French s wife s family in Tennessee and told them, according to French, that he was  instructed to call and deliver a message that the race would be very difficult for me.   It was a pretty big assault that really put pressure on David that this not happen,  says a source familiar with the communications.As recent stories have indicated, it is highly likely that this thuggish maneuver came directly from Trump himself at the top. He has shown an intense interest in micromanaging his campaign, while at the same time a paranoia about anyone who would oppose him (he recently speculated that his phone may be bugged).Eventually, French decided not to run, and #NeverTrump continues to flail as the Republican establishment backs Trump even with his insistence on running a racist presidential campaign.But now it is known that if someone decides to challenge Trump, especially directly from the right in a way that could hurt his already problematic campaign, he won t hesitate to reach out to their families for some old fashioned intimidation.Featured image via YouTube",0
5985," RNC Shoots Out Weak, Loser-y Response To Seeing $1.3 Million Ad Buy Dumped By Buzzfeed","How damaging is Donald Trump? Just ask the Republican National Committee. They ve lost out on a lucrative advertising deal with Buzzfeed because Trump is offensive. Media outlets need advertising dollars to function, so the fact that Buzzfeed would give up any ad money at all, just to stand on principle, says a lot about how awful Trump really is. The RNC has to be smarting from that.Their response to this is as weak and watery as their reluctant decision to accept Trump as their nominee and standard-bearer. According to CNN, the RNC s chief strategist and spokesman, Sean Spicer, said: Space was reserved on many platforms, but we never intended to use BuzzFeed. It is ironic that they have not ruled out taking money from a candidate currently under investigation by the FBI. Excuses, excuses. It s like they re back in kindergarten and saying,  I didn t want to be your friend anyway!  in order to save face. And by all means, invoke the investigation into Hillary s email server to smear Buzzfeed and deflect attention from the real problem, which is Trump. That just compounds the flimsiness of their response.Earlier on Monday, Buzzfeed CEO Jonah Peretti explained in a letter that they won t accept Trump ads because Trump is dangerous. He compared Trump ads to cigarette ads, saying that they don t run cigarette ads for that same reason. They don t want to be seen as endorsing something that s fundamentally bad for them and for us.Peretti is especially concerned about Trump wanting to limit freedom of the press, ban Muslims and get rid of immigrants: The Trump campaign is directly opposed to the freedoms of our employees in the United States and around the world and in some cases, such as his proposed ban on international travel for Muslims, would make it impossible for our employees to do their jobs. They do intend to continue covering Trump, though, and their coverage is brutal enough for him to specifically target them at rallies and elsewhere. The RNC, though, doesn t want to look like they re sucking on sour grapes over this, but they can t avoid it now. Such a shame   our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for them.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5986, Woman Arrested For DWI Has Jaw-Droppingly Stupid Reason For Saying Cops Targeted Her,"The cops should leave this woman, and all of her people, alone unless they ve done something really wrong, and swerving all over the road because she s driving while intoxicated doesn t count. Why? Because  driving while rich  is apparently a thing in Manhattan, on par with, say, driving while black in Liridona Selimaj s apparently warped mind.A former real estate broker, Selimaj is one of Manhattan s more affluent residents, and she claims that the cops just pick on her and other rich people. They pulled her over because she was driving a new Range Rover, according to the bizarre claim. Assistant District Attorney Christopher Mills read off her full statement at her arraignment: You re picking on me because I was driving an expensive car. You make no money, and you re poor   you re picking on rich people. I had one drink. I m not taking your test, so take me to jail. I ve been through this before. That s right, she thinks the NYPD specifically went after her and arrested her because they re jealous of her status and money. She does have a prior DWI from 2009, and another arrest that s sealed, so she has  been through this before,  and she probably thinks those were just due to jealousy, too. In all her righteous anger, she also allegedly said: How can you say I was swerving? I m not drunk. I wasn t doing anything you were saying I was doing. I was swerving because it was a new car. The police report says she had bloodshot, watery eyes, was unsteady on her feet, was slurring her speech, and had alcohol on her breath. She was, in a word, sloshed. Driving while rich.  The stupid, it burns! If anything, the police are more likely to leave wealthy people alone and target poor people, especially poor minorities. It s the same with the courts. What Selimaj just did was show herself to be the perfect example of how the affluent expect special treatment, even when they ve broken the law.It s also an insult to all the people particularly poor minorities who are wrongly targeted by the police. Don t tell her that, though. Remember, she s just a victim. All rich people are just victims of the law.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5987," Thanks To Republicans, Obama Nominee Dies Waiting For Confirmation","It s no secret that Republicans have used their obstructionist tactics to block anything and everything President Obama has tried to do   including nominees, from judicial to State Department.In a blatant attempt to hurt his ability to have a legacy, Republicans have targeted nominees, holding them hostage politically unless their demands are met. Some nominees waited hundreds of days for just a hearing, and others have waited even longer for a confirmation.And with that, one nominee, who has waited over 820 days for a confirmation, has died.The New York Times reports that Cassandra Butts, a worker in government and non profit entities, died suddenly at the age of 50 on May 24 of acute leukemia, which she did not know she had until shortly before her death. President Obama and the White House, recognizing her passion for helping others through public service, tapped her to serve as the United States ambassador to the Bahamas.Butts had worked for multiple branches of the government, including lawmakers on Capitol Hill and the White House counsel.Butts sailed through hearings in May 2014, and all seemed on track for a swift confirmation to a seemingly unimportant position, which urgently needed filling. So far, the Bahamas hasn t had a proper ambassador for 1,647 days.But, in typical Washington form, Republicans held up her nomination, not because she wasn t qualified, but because they literally hate President Obama.And it isn t fair to link all Senate Republicans to this hold up. Only two Republicans can be single handedly blamed for this: Tom Cotton and Ted Cruz.Is anyone surprised? Cruz, up in arms over the Iran nuclear deal, placed a hold on the confirmation on all State Department nominations, which of course included Butts.Cruz couldn t get his way, so naturally he unleashed a scorched earth policy on all those even remotely associated with the President.But it was Senator Tom Cotton   better known as  Tehran Tom  by progressive advocates   who proved to be a nefarious monstrosity in the whole matter. In seeking to punish the Obama Administration over a Secret Service leak of private information about a member of Congress, specifically targeted Butts and the Norwegian and Swedish ambassador nominees. After making a fool of himself, Cotton lifted the hold on the Scandinavian ambassadors. But he kept the hold on Butts.As the New York Times reports:Cotton eventually released the two other holds, but not the one on Butts. She told me that she once went to see him about it, and he explained that he knew that she was a close friend of Obama s   the two first encountered each other on a line for financial-aid forms at Harvard Law School, where they were classmates   and that blocking her was a way to inflict special pain on the presidentAnd there you have it. Because Republicans hate the President so much, they upheld a qualified, dignified, and devoted public servant from serving in a position that yields almost no political power.And now she has died, never getting the grace of a confirmation vote.That s how the Republicans have chosen to govern. They should be so proud of all their  accomplishments. Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5988," AP Reports Hillary Clinton Has Reached The Delegate Threshold, Making Her The Democratic Nominee","Just one day before California and New Jersey have their primaries, the Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has reached the threshold of delegates (including pledged and non-committed) to win the Democratic Primary.The AP reports that Clinton clinched the nomination just after 8 p.m. Eastern Time when about 25 superdelegates came out and backed Clinton.This is an historic moment, as the Democratic Party has made the move to make Clinton the first woman nominated to a major political party for President of the United States.Democrats were also the first major party to nominate a woman for the Vice Presidential position in 1984, with Geraldine Ferraro.Before the hour s big superdelegate shift, Clinton was 24 delegates away from clinching the nomination, and was expected to make up the difference when the polls closed in California and New Jersey, which would have sent her way over the top.Should Clinton clinch the amount of pledged delegates needed for a majority, which estimates put at 2,206, there would be no chance of a contested convention in Philadelphia this July.Talking to reporters on Monday, Clinton said: I certainly am going to be reaching out to Sen. Sanders and hope he will join me in that, because we ve got to be unified going into the convention and coming out of the convention to take on Donald Trump and to repudiate the kind of campaign he is running and make it very clear that s not the kind of president or commander-in-chief we want. Tonight, Democrats prove once again to be the progressive party. While the GOP nominates a sexist demagogue, the Democrats have chosen the first woman ever for president. Truly a day to remember.While Sarah Palin spirals into the abyss of being forgotten (along with other Republicans associated with Donald Trump), Clinton is just getting started.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images",0
5989, GOP Senator Drops Brutal Truth Bomb On His Colleagues: Trump’s Comments Are ‘Definition Of Racism’,"When Donald Trump began his one-man quest to smear the judge presiding over his Trump University lawsuit using appalling racial rhetoric, it was offensive but not surprising. After all, this is a man who began his campaign by labeling Mexicans  rapists  and  murderers  in his very first speech. What was surprising was the sheer level of cowardice on display from Trump s fellow Republicans. Faced with a candidate who said Muslims and Mexicans can t be his judge, conservative politicians tried to distance themselves from the comments, but not actually call it what it is: Racism.Sen. Mitch McConnell, for example, managed to avoid the term  racism  a total of three times in one interview. The sidestepping was so egregious that it prompted Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid to call McConnell out on the Senate floor as an example of  Republican spinelessness.  Likewise, many other Republicans released statements saying they found the comments  unacceptable  but never articulated why. The vagueness was surely intentional. It s going to be hard to win a general election in an increasingly diverse America when your candidate is openly spewing racism. Standing up to that sort of hate mongering would take courage   and that s something that is solely lacking in today s GOP.However, one man who seems to have little interest in the toeing the party line for an unapologetic bigot is Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) who said what his fellow Republicans were thinking but terrified to say: Donald Trump s smears on his judge are racism. It s as clear as day.Public Service Announcement:Saying someone can't do a specific job because of his or her race is the literal definition of ""racism.""  Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) June 6, 2016Sasse isn t wrong. Trump has repeatedly said that the judge in his case is out to get him because of his  Mexican heritage.  Judge Curiel isn t Mexican, he was born in Indiana, but the very fact that he is of Hispanic ethnicity makes him suspect in Trump s eyes. In a sit down with CNN s Jake Tapper, Trump admits as much:Tapper: I don t care if you criticize him. That s fine. You can criticize every [legal] decision. What I m saying is, if you invoke his race as a reason why he can t do his job Trump: I think that s why he s doing it!Sasse is one of the few Republicans left who hasn t caved to the pressure to stand behind Trump as the nominee. Unfortunately for the Republicans that had hoped to cower behind their wall of silence and ride this out, Sasse made that all but impossible. Trump s comments are the  literal definition of  racism'  and they need to own up to that or risk looking complicit in those statements. Sasse has given them an opportunity to come clean. It s now up to them to take it.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5990, Donna Brazile CRUSHES Karl Rove For Making ‘Joke’ About Slavery During Debate,"This is why Republicans lost the black vote and will continue losing it for generations to come.During a closed door meeting of hedge fund managers, the entertainment consisted of GOP political strategist Karl Rove debating former Al Gore campaign manager Donna Brazile. Rove is a white man from Texas who frequently appears on Fox News to argue for conservative points of view. Brazile is a black woman who is currently Vice Chair of the DNC as well as an academic and author.So when Rove decided to  joke  that Brazile should be grateful to him and the Republican Party because she isn t a slave today, it was not only insulting, it resulted in Brazile crushing Rove with historical fact. I did you a great favor bringing you into politics in the 1860 campaign and this is how you repay me?  Rove asked.  We re happy you got the right to vote but it wasn t your current party that was responsible for it. Yeah, you read that right. Rove literally took credit for the abolition movement and claimed that black people owe the Republican Party because of the end of slavery and the passage of the 15th Amendment.Of course, Republicans were liberals at that time and Democrats were the conservatives. Today, it s the opposite and Republicans dominate the South, where racism still flourishes and Confederate history is still celebrated.But Brazile fired back by pointing out that women did not have the right to vote until 1920 and black people did not have their right to vote truly protected until the Voting Right Act of 1965, which the conservative-leaning Supreme Court gutted in 2013, which has led to red states instituting voter suppression laws designed to block black people from exercising their right to vote.And then she really let Karl Rove and the Republican Party have it by blasting them for their hypocrisy and the fact that they have to reach back in time to the 1860s to find an example of something good the party has done. I don t find it strange when Karl Rove brings up Abraham Lincoln because they can t bring up anything else,  Brazile told ThinkProgress.  It s easier for them speak of Lincoln s accomplishments than what they are doing today on voting rights. They don t have a future reference. They have the past. Exactly. Flawless victory.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5991, Delusional ‘Dilbert’ Cartoonist Thinks He’ll Be Murdered If He Doesn’t Endorse Hillary Clinton,"Scott Adams, who s best known as the creator of the Dilbert cartoon, is endorsing Hillary Clinton, but not because he agrees with her policies, or even because he likes her. He s endorsing her because he believes, somewhere in his twisted little mind, that he ll be murdered if he doesn t.In his blog (did you know there was a Dilbert blog?), he says that his politics don t match up with any of the candidates, but he does credit Trump with  extraordinary persuasion skills.  It gets worse, and don t feel bad if you have trouble keeping up with his theory.This past week we saw Clinton pair the idea of President Trump with nuclear disaster, racism, Hitler, the Holocaust, and whatever else makes you tremble in fear.The only downside I can see to the new approach is that it is likely to trigger a race war in the United States. And I would be a top-ten assassination target in that scenario because once you define Trump as Hitler, you also give citizens moral permission to kill him. And obviously it would be okay to kill anyone who actively supports a genocidal dictator, including anyone who wrote about his persuasion skills in positive terms. (I m called an  apologist  on Twitter, or sometimes just Joseph Goebbels).If Clinton successfully pairs Trump with Hitler in your mind   as she is doing   and loses anyway, about a quarter of the country will think it is morally justified to assassinate their own leader. I too would feel that way if an actual Hitler came to power in this country. I would join the resistance and try to take out the Hitler-like leader. You should do the same. No one wants an actual President Hitler.Then, it gets even weirder. Adams predicts that Trump will win in a landslide, but he believes that by endorsing Clinton, he will insulate himself from any backlash, because, according to Adams, one of the first people targeted when people try to assassinate Trump, will be the creator of Dilbert.So I ve decided to endorse Hillary Clinton for President, for my personal safety. Trump supporters don t have any bad feelings about patriotic Americans such as myself, so I ll be safe from that crowd. But Clinton supporters have convinced me   and here I am being 100% serious   that my safety is at risk if I am seen as supportive of Trump. So I m taking the safe way out and endorsing Hillary Clinton for president.Uh huh. So, that would be a backdoor endorsement of Trump. Believe us when we say, Scott Adams, if Trump is elected, you ll likely be one of the last people anyone thinks about.Featured image via YouTube video screen shot. ",0
5992, All Canadian Provinces Will Now Cover Gender Reassignment For Transgender People,"Being transgender in a society that does not understand you, and often actively discriminates against you is already more difficult than any cisgender person could imagine. Perhaps the worst part of it is that correcting gender dysphoria   meaning taking the necessary steps to make sure one s outward gender presentation lines up with the gender identity   is a lengthy and expensive medical process. Here in America we are a long way from having most insurance companies even consider covering gender reassignment procedures. However, as usual, Canada is way ahead of us.Canada s Health Minister, Victor Boudreau, has just confirmed that New Brunswick will become the final Canadian province whose healthcare coverage will include coverage of necessary transition procedures for transgender people. Boudreau says: Transgender persons living in New Brunswick are facing challenges in life and in the health-care system. Gender dysphoria is a recognized medical condition that, left untreated, can result in high levels of anxiety and depression, which can lead to suicidal thoughts. This, and so much more, is true of the many difficulties that transgender people face. They are also much more likely to be murdered than their cisgender counterparts, and this is especially true for transgender women of color.Michelle Leard, who is affiliated with the New Brunswick Transgender Health Network and UBU Atlantic, released a statement regarding the necessity of this form of healthcare: Gender-affirming surgery is a crucial part of a successful transition for many transgender people. Today s announcement will change the lives of transgender New Brunswickers who are presently facing challenging health, mental health and social situations. In addition to the new coverage, Canada s laws regarding birth certificate changes will be modified to allow changes to affirm the gender identities of transgender people.This is an absolutely amazing move on the part of Canada. Too bad America is nowhere near having such provisions.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
5993, Sources: President Obama Set To Make Official 2016 Endorsement This Week,"As the Democratic Primary wraps up   with Hillary Clinton slated to clinch the majority of pledged delegates and thus reach the total amount of delegates needed for victory   sources with CNN and the New York Times confirmed that President Obama is ready to make an official endorsement this week.And that candidate is Hillary Clinton. According to the New York Times, the White House has been holding conversations with the Clinton campaign  as to where and when to formally endorse. Sources say the President is  impatient  to begin campaigning for Clinton, who he sees as the one who will succeed his legacy.President Obama claimed that New Jersey and California s results will show a  pretty good sense of who the nominee will end up being. With an approval rating averaging over 50 percent across the board, President Obama hopes to use high numbers (a determining factor in elections) to unite not only Democrats but Trump-weary Republicans and Independents.Jennifer Psaki, President Obama s communications director, told the NYT: He has indicated he wants to spend a lot of time on the campaign trail, so when it s time to do that, we ll go out guns ablazing. We are actively thinking through how to use the president on the campaign trail   what works for the nominee, what works for him, and how to utilize his strengths and his appeal. Clinton, who will be claiming victory on Tuesday in Brooklyn, is also eager to campaign   with the President and Vice President s endorsement.Clinton, who lost the delegates needed to secure the nomination in 2008, backed then-Senator Obama just days later, campaigning across the country on his behalf as a surrogate.President Obama has already shown to be an energetic surrogate for Clinton, telling donors in Miami that the Democrats are in a strong position to win: We ve got the better arguments here. And the issue is going to be do we feel the same sense of urgency, and are we engaged and are we participating to make sure that we win a White House and we get back a Congress that can move this country forward in a constructive way. President Obama is also reportedly excited to take on Donald Trump, as is Hillary Clinton. Bernie Sanders, who has pledged to stay in the race past California s primary in an effort to influence the DNC platform, has also stated he will do everything to keep Trump out of the White House. Elizabeth Warren, who is reported to be preparing an endorsement, will also continue her attacks on Trump.Imagine that campaign team   Clinton, Obama, Biden, Sanders, and Warren   on the campaign trail to take on Donald Trump.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
5994," The Ladies Of ‘The View’ Just HAMMERED Trump’s Obvious Racism, And It’s Glorious (VIDEO)","With Donald Trump s clear and obvious racism over not wanting a judge of Mexican descent   albeit born in Indiana   presiding over the Trump University case, the ladies of The View had more than just a little to say about his remarks.Whoopie Goldberg being so blunt as to say: When you pick any group of people, and you say they are this, and they are that   it s not that he doesn t know any better. It s not that this is new to him. He has been crappy about Muslims, and it s just about their difference, and the reason people call it racism is because it now falls under this umbrella   it s everybody except non-white people. With Joy Behar adding: He s running scared from this Trump University bit, because this is the exact thing that his supporters should be worried about. That he s a scam artist. That he takes money from old people, makes them go into their retirement funds to pay for his stupid university. That he forces people to max out their credit cards, so they can go to his stupid university. You can get the same thing at the Learning Annex for thirty bucks in New York City. And Behar s correct. Trump seems to be purposefully using the judge s race to try to make it about that instead of the fact that he is, in fact, scamming people. It shifts the focus. But at the same time we still can t ignore the blatant racism.At one point, Whoopie turns to the camera to directly call out Trump, and says: So, this is what you have to do, Trump. You have to accept the fact that this is how our system works. And if you re uncomfortable that this man is of Mexican descent, then you re gonna be uncomfortable with a lot of stuff, because it sounds to like you want to bring back the one drop rule. That says if you have one drop of this, then that s what you are. Trump is clearly racist. Not only with this judge, but with his remarks about Latinos in general. He s a bigot who clearly wants a white America, and it s horrifying to think he d be in charge of choosing Supreme Court judges when he can t even handle a judge with Mexican ancestry hearing his case. We need to now, more than ever, make sure Trump doesn t win in November.Watch the brutal take-down here: He s running scared,  @JoyVBehar says of Trump after his remarks on the judge presiding over the Trump U lawsuits. https://t.co/Tbx6XbWK5Q  The View (@TheView) June 6, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5995," John Oliver Started A Debt Collection Agency, And What He Did With It Will Blow You Away (VIDEO)","John Oliver, of HBO s Last Week Tonight, dove into the deeply shady world of debt buying and collection on his Sunday segment. But Last Week Tonight isn t just about giving out information. The show often does surprising things well in advance of an air date so they can make the biggest impact possible, and Sunday s episode was no exception. What they did will impact 9,000 people in the U.S.So what happened? Oliver started a debt buying/collection agency in Mississippi called Central Asset Recovery Professionals, Inc., or CARP, for short. He used it to show just how easy and cheap it is to get into this business: Debt buying is a grimy business and badly needs more oversight, because as it stands any idiot can get into it. And I can prove that to you because I am an idiot and we started a debt-buying company. And it was disturbingly easy. Not long after CARP incorporated, they were offered a portfolio of medical debt worth nearly $15 million, and given the names, addresses and Social Security numbers of the 9,000 people who owed that debt: We bought it, which is absolutely terrifying because it means if I wanted to, I could legally have CARP take possession of that list and have employees start calling people, turning their lives upside down over medical debt. The portfolio cost CARP $60,0000   they got it for pennies on the dollar. That s the norm for this business.CARP didn t start sending employees after these people like a regular agency, though. Instead, Oliver and Last Week Tonight got together with a charity called RIP Medical Debt, and forgave all $15 million of it. Those 9,000 people don t have to worry about what they owe to hospitals, clinics, and individual practitioners anymore. They might not even have to worry about whether they ll have to file for bankruptcy anymore.John Oliver just wiped out the medical debt of nine thousand people. Let that sink in while you watch the entire segment, which details out just how disgusting and grisly the debt-buying business is, below:We re the only industrialized nation in the world that doesn t have some form of nationalized healthcare available to everyone, and medical debt is the number one reason people file for bankruptcy here. In fact, more than 60 percent of bankruptcies in the U.S. have to do with medical debt. It can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars for one necessary procedure. Cutting-edge cancer treatments can run into the millions.In English, our system is f*cked all to hell because of profit.This move technically cost less than the famous Oprah Winfrey show where she gave her entire audience a new car, spending roughly $8 million. But the impact, and the message, are far greater. Hats off to John Oliver for this.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5996, The Reason This Latino Democrat Is Voting For Trump Will Make You ROFL,"The idea of a Donald Trump presidency is scary as hell for most of us. However, one Florida man has a more positive take on things. The unidentified man, who Politico reporter Michael Grunwald interviewed and described as a 32-year-old Latino Democrat, plans to vote for Trump for the most hilarious of reasons: he wants to see how nutty things can get. The man said to Grunwald: The whole system is fucked. Why not vote for the craziest guy, so we can see the craziest shit happen? To make you scratch your head even more, the man said that he voted for President Barack Obama in both 2008 and 2012, and would do so again if he could. However, he will not be tossing his vote toward Hillary Clinton this go around, because he seemingly just doesn t give a fuck. The man went on to say as to why he won t be going for Clinton in 2016: We got ISIS, we got Zika, we got this, we got that. At least Trump is fun to watch. Politics sucks, man. All I can say about this is that while his answers are funny, they are also absolutely terrifying. Donald Trump is dangerous as hell, and fun to watch right now or not, I know that I m not willing to roll the dice on the future of the nation and the world and allow that narcissistic lunatic into the White House. Now, this guy could have been fucking with the Politico reporter, but somehow I seriously doubt it. He sounds like he s more entertained by the whole Trump Train fiasco than he is frightened. Perhaps he hasn t thought this through, because if Trump wins, we ll be entering a nuclear war in short order. We ll be alienating all of our allies along the way, with likely no way to survive the absolute catastrophe that the orange buffoon would most certainly create.Hopefully, this is the only Democrat out there who is planning to vote for Trump for the lulz, because this isn t remotely funny.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5997, Hispanic Rep Just Told Trump Where He Can Shove His ‘Border Wall’ – And It’s Epic,"Now that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has crossed the Rubicon of racism, the people are starting to lash out, and rightfully so.After  disqualifying  the Trump University judge because of his race, Republicans and Democrats alike have been holding Trump s feet to the fire   some more so than others. Most Republicans have simply disavowed his comments while some have flat out called him a fraud (and of course Democrats have been saying these things since June of last year).But the most glaring critique from any official came from Democratic Representative Filemon Vela of Texas, who penned a scathing open letter to Trump. Starting out by agreeing that Mexico should do more to deter cartel violence, Vela quickly amps up his attack, saying,  Your ignorant anti-immigrant opinions, your border wall rhetoric, and your recent bigoted attack on an American jurist are just plain despicable. Pretty standard criticism. But it gets so much better. Vela beats Trump at his own purity game, and notes that his ancestry is more  American  than Trump s, and that his family weren t chicken hawks: Before you dismiss me as just another  Mexican,  let me point out that my great-great grandfather came to this country in 1857, well before your own grandfather. His grandchildren (my grandfather and his brothers) all served our country in World War I and World War II. His great-grandson, my father, served in the U.S. Army and, coincidentally, was one of the first  Mexican  federal judges ever appointed to the federal bench. But the most telling and poignant line from Vela s letter was a good, old fashioned smackdown: Mr. Trump, you re a racist and you can take your border wall and shove it up your ass. This is by far the best response to Trump from any elected official. You know they all want to say it, but finally someone had the guts to actually come out and do it.And that s exactly what Donald Trump can do. Even if he were to be elected, there is no feasible way a wall would be built on the Mexican border and be financed by the Mexican government.Vela represents Texas  34th Congressional District, which makes up Corpus Christie and Brownsville. According to Census data, 60 percent of Corpus Christie s population is of Hispanic or Latino descent. In Brownsville, a border city, the Hispanic/Latino population accounted for 93 percent of its citizens.The proud people of Hispanic and Latino heritage of Texas  34th district can take solace in knowing they are being represented by a man who speaks for them to the fullest extent. If only this country had 100 more Filemon Vela s.Featured image a screen capture",0
5998, NRA’s Response To The Florida Shooting Spree That Left 3 Dead Speaks Volumes,"On Sunday, while Floridians braced themselves for Tropical Storm Colin, a gunman decided to Second Amendment two innocent people to death in Cape Coral. According to authorities, the first shooting occurred at about 5:45 p.m. when a gunman killed a motorcyclist at a busy intersection. The suspect then drove to a Circle K gas station where he shot two people, killing one of them. Shortly after the second shooting, police spotted the murderer s car, stopped it and confronted him. The police say that the suspect  violently resist[ed] officers  and he was killed after firing at officers. Two people were found with gunshot wounds in his car, but police have not determined if they were shot by officers or the gunman.Basically, Sunday was another violent day in America. Of course, the biggest pro-gun group, the National Rifle Association, spoke out right away and condemned the shootings. They demanded to know who this shooter was and how he got a gun. They spoke out against Florida s lax laws that allow nearly everyone to buy a weapon. They demanded action and said they want to stop this from happening ever again because dammit! this is America and people should be able to drive down the road or buy a candy bar without being gunned down.Just kidding. The NRA did no such thing; instead, they responded with silence. As usual.Two innocent people are dead and the biggest gun group in the country completely ignored it. They pretended that it didn t even happen because they don t give a shit about the lives and safety of the citizens they claim to protect. They do not care that a man was riding his motorcycle on a Sunday evening and never made it home thanks to some gun nut. They do not care about the two people in the Circle K who were shot and the one who passed away from their injuries. They do not care about the thousands of other mothers, fathers, grandparents, aunts, uncles and CHILDREN who are killed every single year in this country.Instead of issuing a statement of remorse and sympathy to the loved ones of the victims, the NRA used their time to attack Hillary Clinton and journalist Katie Couric on Twitter.Oh look: @HillaryClinton won t say if the #2A guarantees an individual right https://t.co/n84mk7pJjm  NRA (@NRA) June 6, 2016 There s still time to sign up, but the clock is ticking! https://t.co/CUDLrWHQ1N#firekatie#UndertheGunpic.twitter.com/Fp7mcvfugq  NRA (@NRA) June 6, 2016That was more important than acknowledging the loss of life in Florida and it speaks volumes about their real priorities. The NRA doesn t care about us, they care about their rhetoric.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images ",0
5999, Hillary’s New Ad Brilliantly Uses Those Who Have Endorsed Trump Against Him (VIDEO),"Since the start of Donald Trump s campaign for President of the United States, there s been a heavy amount of racism. For most sane-minded individuals, this racism was obvious and purposeful. Many have been speaking out and standing up against such a blatant disregard for those who have immigrated to the United States from Latin American countries.Through most of Trump s campaign, many of his fellow Republicans have just chosen to ignore the obvious racism, because it became clear that the Republican base of voters wanted this rhetoric as Trump s popularity rose and pushed him into the presumptive nominee spot.It would seem, however, that Trump s latest remarks surrounding the judge that is to preside over the Trump University case, is too much for even high-ranking Republicans who have backed him for the presidency. Trump doesn t believe a judge of Mexican descent should preside over his case. Not only that, he doesn t want a Muslim either. And what next? No women, gay individuals, or any people of color whatsoever?It s become obvious Trump wants a white male America and he s not even hiding it.Noticing the clear disdain for Trump s remarks by his Republican allies was the Hillary Clinton campaign, and they brilliantly put together an ad using all of their words against the presumptive nominee.It may become the most damaging ad yet, as Trump may have finally gone too far for even his own party, with Newt Gingrich, a man who has been rumored to be a potential VP for Trump, saying: This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made. Watch the brilliant ad here:.@realdonaldtrump s bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.https://t.co/3CEBq2jsDh  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 6, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6000, Dramatic Increase In Violence Against BLM Employees Thanks To Bundy Terrorists,"According to the most recent statistics, attacks against federal range and forest workers have increased dramatically over the past year.According to PEER, an organization which keeps track of incidents of violence and threats of violence against environmental stewards, violence against employees of the US Bureau of Land Management (BLM) increased sharply between 2014 and 2015.According to a press release dated May 31, 2016:Reported incidents nearly doubled (87% increase) on rangelands overseen by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and increased by more than half (60%) on national forests.The organization has maintained a database to track incidents of violence against federal resource employees since the 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City.PEER tracks incidents targeting a wide range of agencies employees.According to the press release, threats and assaults against the U.S. Forest Service increased in 2015, with the number of reported incidents rising from 97 to 155.Incidents involving The National Park Service and the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration also rose last year.Executive Director Jeff Ruch warns that Security is a rising concern for scientists and other specialists working in the remote Western outposts. PEER notes that the greatest increase in violent incidents involved the BLM.The District Sentinel points out that the reporting period occurred between  two high-profile acts of aggression against federal land officers by domestic extremists: the Bundy Ranch standoff, in 2014, and the armed takeover of Oregon s Malheur Wildlife Refuge, at the beginning of 2016. In the press release Ruch warns that right-wing militia groups present a serious public safety threat,  especially on federal lands in the Sagebrush West. PEER s stated mission is to protect public employees who protect our lands.According to their website:The U.S. Justice Department no longer systematically tracks assaults on federal employees. A reporting requirement for such incidents enacted after the Oklahoma City bombing was repealed in 2002 after DOJ complained that collecting this data was cumbersome.Ruch says he hopes that  By studying the patterns of these events perhaps managers can begin to defuse or prevent confrontations over federal lands. Image credit: Wikimedia Commons ",0
6001," NY Gov. Cuomo Directly Threatens Businesses: ‘If You Boycott Israel, New York Will Boycott You’","In an unprecedented and unconstitutional move, New York s governor, Andrew Cuomo, has issued an executive order creating a blacklist of businesses in the state that are involved in the BDS movement against Israel. BDS stands for boycott, divest and sanction, and is a major way of protesting Israel s illegal actions in Palestine.The order actually tells state officials to compile a list of businesses involved in the BDS movement so Cuomo can order the State of New York to boycott them. As Baher Azmy, of the Center for Constitutional Rights, put it, this is 21st century McCarthyism, and it s vile.Speaking at the exclusive Harvard Club, Cuomo had the gall to say: If you boycott against Israel, New York will boycott you. If you divert revenues from Israel, New York will divert revenues from you. If you sanction Israel, New York will sanction you. Citizens United pretty much gave businesses First Amendment rights, and this violates those rights. Cuomo is using government power to coerce   even force   businesses into supporting Israel whether they want to or not. He called BDS an  economic attack on Israel  that must be stopped.While various states have bills in their legislatures that would likewise sanction businesses involved with the BDS movement, Cuomo s executive order gives him immediate power to take care of these businesses with a list that will be made public once it s finished. He even said that passing legislation can often be tedious, as though that s justification enough for issuing an order like this.Omar Barghouti, a founder of the BDS movement, said this isn t surprising and explained what Israel is busy doing: Having lost many battles for hearts and minds at the grass-roots level, Israel has adopted since 2014 a new strategy to criminalize support for B.D.S. from the top,  he said in an email, adding that such actions were meant to  shield Israel from accountability.' Israel will live by the sword for as long as it can; it will occupy all of the land for as long as it can, and it s afraid its time will draw to a close sooner rather than later if the U.S. officially condemns their actions in Palestine. As such, they re brainwashing us.Alphonso David, Cuomo s general counsel, said that this order specifies the BDS movement, but would target any boycott aimed at Israel. He also said it s meant to send a message about the BDS movement: Mr. David said in an interview that the executive action was meant to send a clear message that  the B.D.S. movement is deplorable.  He added that the governor s order was not meant to be interpreted as  opining on actions taken to empower Palestinians,  or meant to discourage debate over Israeli actions in the Middle East. Rather, it intends to stake a position on a movement that  the State of New York unequivocally rejects,  as the order puts it. The State of New York can reject whatever it wants. It can issue a statement to that effect. It should not be allowed to trample the 1st Amendment rights of anybody for any reason, especially to protect a country guilty of heinous atrocities.Constitutional rights are inalienable, unless you use them to protest Israel.Featured image by Stephanie Keith/Getty Images",0
6002," CA Cops Brutally Beat Man Accused Of Jaywalking, Charge Him With Assault (VIDEO)","Bystander footage shows a group of Bakersfield, California police officers brutally beating a man in the street.The video begins with the man, now identified as Robert Woodson, lying in the street with an unidentified officer standing over him. He can be heard screaming that he thinks his leg is broken.Two more officers arrive on the scene.The video shows the officers repeatedly striking Woodson with a police-issued baton.Throughout the brutal assault the officers can be heard shouting,  Stop resisting! Stop resisting. The person recording the incident responds by sayinm  He s not doing nothing,  and  He s not resisting. While it s clear that Woodson wasn t complying with police commands, at no time does the video show him trying to get up off the ground, making threatening moves or gestures toward police.In spite of this, the cops use a taser on him.His screams of pain can be heard throughout the encounter.According to KERO Woodson was eventually taken to a local hospital where he was treated for injuries sustained during the episode.The police watchdog organization Photography Is Not A Crime reports that the man suffered an injury to his arm which required a cast.Police charged Woodson with resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.If that s not disturbing enough, during an interview with KERO, Bakersfield police sergeant Gary Carruesco stated that police  acted appropriately,  in part because they were concerned Woodson had  mental issues. The video, combined with the disturbing response from sergeant Carruesco, provides a bleak picture of how law enforcement officers respond to people with mental illness.While police assessed Woodson s behavior as willful noncompliance, it s unknown whether the man was physically or mentally capable of following officer s commands.In Woodson s case, officers expressed their  concern  for him with tasers and batons.Here s the video, courtesy of KERO.Featured image via ideo screen capture via KERO",0
6003, The Obamas Gave A Heartbreaking Tribute To Muhammad Ali (VIDEO),"The last couple of years have been rampant with what seems like premature deaths. Would we have ever been able to prepare ourselves for the deaths of Robin Williams, David Bowie, Prince and so many, many more people? Unfortunately, we have another name to add to what seems like a particularly grim year: Muhammad Ali   and the Obamas, in a statement to America,  mourned the loss as deeply as any of us.To the Obamas, Ali   who was resoundingly loved and admired, and was actually (unlike President Obama) a black Muslim   was  The Greatest. Period. Like everyone else on the planet, Michelle and I mourn his passing. But we re also grateful to God for how fortunate we are to have known him, if just for a while; for how fortunate we all are that The Greatest chose to grace our time, Muhammad Ali was The Greatest. Period. If you just asked him, he d tell you. He d tell you he was the double greatest; that he d  handcuffed lightning, thrown thunder into jail,  Obama wrote.  But what made The Champ the greatest   what truly separated him from everyone else   is that everyone else would tell you pretty much the same thing. The President also tweeted, showing himself working with a picture of the Champ behind him.He shook up the world, and the world s better for it. Rest in peace, Champ. pic.twitter.com/z1yM3sSLH3  President Obama (@POTUS) June 4, 2016Obama also noted that he has a pair of Ali s boxing gloves in his private study.Obama continued,  I am America,  he once declared.  I am the part you won t recognize. But get used to me   black, confident, cocky; my name, not yours; my religion, not yours; my goals, my own. Get used to me.  That s the Ali I came to know as I came of age   not just as skilled a poet on the mic as he was a fighter in the ring, but a man who fought for what was right. A man who fought for us. He stood with King and Mandela; stood up when it was hard; spoke out when others wouldn t. His fight outside the ring would cost him his title and his public standing. It would earn him enemies on the left and the right, make him reviled, and nearly send him to jail. But Ali stood his ground. And his victory helped us get used to the America we recognize today. Muhammad Ali shook up the world,  Obama concluded in his tribute to Ali.  And the world is better for it. We are all better for it. Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to his family, and we pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace. Source: Rolling StoneHere s a video:While Obama was born during the height of the Civil Rights Movement, he came of age watching Ali. To Obama, Martin Luther King and even Malcolm X were parts of history books, but Ali was brash, confident, smart, socially aware and a force to be reckoned with in the 60s and 70s. While so many Civil Rights leaders were working behind the scenes, or perhaps in front, but more quietly, Ali told the world that he could do anything, no matter his skin color. Perhaps there would have never been a President Barack Obama if it weren t for the example put forth by Muhammad Ali.Featured image via Kent Gavin at Getty Images.",0
6004, Trump Caught Paying Women Working On His Campaign MUCH Less Than Men,"It s not surprising that Donald Trump would pay his female staffers less than his male staffers. He s sexist, so that s to be expected. What is surprising, though, is just how bad it is. On average, in the U.S., women are paid about $.79 for every dollar men are paid, even for the same work. Trump pays the women working on his campaign about $.65 for every dollar his male staffers make.Now, some will make the argument that we don t necessarily know what his female staffers are doing versus what his male staffers are doing. There s a possibility, those people would say, that the men are getting paid more because they all hold higher, more difficult positions, or they work more hours, or they do better work in general, or all of the above.That s still blatantly sexist.For April, the women on Trump s staff earned about $4,500, while the men earned about $6,100. That s a 35 percent difference, which is egregious, even for him. Supposedly, he believes in equal pay, but says it s too complicated an issue for legislation. Too much can go into whether men and women are really doing the same job or not, he says.So, what, we re supposed to assume that he s paying all his staffers exactly in accordance with the jobs they do, and how well they do them? Please.Whichever way we look at this, Trump s campaign is set up in a traditionally sexist manner, which is at odds with his assertions that he ll be so good for women (and black people, and Latinos, etc.) once he s elected. That, in and of itself, is laughable considering how badly he treats women, and some of the misogynistic comments he s made about women. For him to make that claim while allowing a pay gap that s much worse than even the national gender pay gap is ridiculous.Compare all of that to how Hillary Clinton is treating her staff, and the differences are stark. Of the 15 highest-paid staffers on her campaign, eight were men and seven were women in April. Men earned about $3,760, while women earned about $3,710. There s still a gap there, but it s extremely thin. When it comes to women s equality, Hillary knows she has to set an example with how she runs her campaign.Trump loves talking big. That s his whole game   talk big, do what he wants even if it makes him a huge hypocrite. But since he thinks letting women work is a bad idea anyway, then maybe he s not such a hypocrite. Just a disgusting, sexist prick.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6005," S.C. Pastor LOSES IT, Goes On Bizarre, Anti-Atheist Rant From Pulpit (VIDEO)","Phil Vander Ploeg says that he is a  Christian apologist.  Well, if that is so, then he needs to get down on his knees and apologize to the atheists of the world for telling lies about us from his pulpit at the First Baptist Spartanburg in South Carolina. Vander Ploeg says: Why doesn t God just walk into the room one day and say,  Hello, I m God, I m real,  and then leave? God has revealed himself far more than some people want to acknowledge. It s obvious.The only atheists in the world live in America and Europe. Everyone else knows there s a god. But we ve developed a worldview in the West that justifies our actions. That s why we don t believe in God. Well, no, sir, that isn t true at all. According to Gallup (which, by the way, is much more reliable than some nutty preacher), there are more atheists in China than anywhere in America or Europe. Last I checked, that s not the western world. Here is what Gallup International had to say about the concentration of atheists in China: China has the highest amount of atheists living in a single country with nearly 50 per cent of its population describing themselves as non-believers. Around 47 per cent of people living in China describe themselves as atheists compared to an average of 13 per cent across the world. Methinks Pastor Vander Ploeg has gotten his facts wrong. Further, he also says that people are only atheists because they want to live their lives their way, rather than God s way. Wrong again! People are atheists because they don t believe in a deity, pure and simple.Watch the insanity in action, below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6006, 22-Year-Old Inmate Dies After Being Punished For ‘Faking Illness’ In FLA Jail (VIDEO),"Max Gracia, a 22-year-old resident of Orlando, Florida, was found dead in an Orange County jail cell on the morning of August 11, 2015. Autopsy results show that Gracia died of sepsis, after wounds from a police canine bite became infected.As WESH reports here, documents released following an internal police investigation show that Gracia was checked into the jail infirmary following his arrest. He was then discharged without ever being evaluated or treated.Records obtained by WESH show that on the night before his death Gracia was so sick that he could not get out of his bed.The documents show that:When jail officers told Gracia to get out of his bed, he  slowly went to the floor and lied on his back saying that he could not move anymore. Instead of offering medical attention, a jail nurse, who later resigned, wrote that the 22-year-old  was faking or exaggerating his medical condition and inability to get up. The nurse interpreted his illness as an  implicit refusal for medication. Gracia was then disciplined by jail officials, who charged him with refusal to follow orders and  feigning an illness. He died in his cell hours later.Here s more on this story from Fox 11:In 2013, the state of Florida privatized healthcare services for inmates. Since that time the number of inmate deaths has steadily increased.Up until May 31, 2016, Corizon, a private corporation which provides healthcare to inmates in a number of states, was responsible for inmate care in Florida.After thousands of inmate complaints and hundreds of unexplained inmate deaths, the company decided to terminate its $1.1 billion contract with the state two years early.As the Miami Herald reports here:Audits conducted by the state s Correctional Medical Authority found problems with inadequate medical care, nursing and staffing shortages, and hundreds of pending lawsuits against the state and the healthcare companies claiming inadequate care.An analysis published by the Miami Herald in November showed that in 2014 alone  346 inmates died in Florida prisons   176 of them listed with no immediate cause of death. It was the highest number on record. The increase in the number of inmate deaths occurred even as the number of inmates in Florida prisons declined.As of June 1, Centurion, another private corporation, will take over inmate care in the state.As the Miami Herald reports:The company s lead lobbyist is former House Speaker Dean Cannon, and its parent company, Centene Health, is a primary provider of managed Medicaid services in Florida   doing business as Sunshine Health   and one of the largest contributors to legislative political committees in the state. Centene gave $298,000 to legislative campaigns and political committees in 2015 alone.",0
6007, WATCH: Dixie Chicks Kick Off First Tour In A Decade By Humiliating Donald Trump On Stage,"They haven t toured in ten years but the Dixie Chicks began their new world tour by making one hell of a political statement.The trio have never been shy about slamming Republicans in the past. Just ask Ted Cruz and George W. Bush, both of whom have been heavily mocked and criticized by the band.In 2003, radio stations across the country literally censored the Dixie Chicks by pulling their music off the air because Natalie Maines dared to slam Bush for dragging America into a costly war with Iraq.During a concert in London, Maines said she was  ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas. Just so you know, we re on the good side with y all,  Maines said.  We do not want this war, this violence, and we re ashamed that the president of the United States is from Texas. Not long after, Bush started a war based on lies that resulted in the deaths of over 4,000 American soldiers. That action forced America to fight on two fronts in the Middle East and caused the war in Afghanistan and the hunt for Osama bin Laden to take even longer as Bush took his eye off the ball to focus on Saddam Hussein instead of the terrorist who planned the 9/11 attacks.And Maines has taken shots at Ted Cruz and Donald Trump throughout the Republican primary on her Twitter account.Next time you re day dreaming, picture Donald Trump teaching his son Eric to throw a ball. Any ball. It s funny.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) March 16, 2016 You know I m not a big fan of Ted Cruz, but I gotta say I m kind of liking his new facial hair. pic.twitter.com/VIC8JWXNKx  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) January 27, 2016I stand corrected Just so you know, I m ashamed Ted Cruz claims to be American. pic.twitter.com/JUltNImOXH  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) January 24, 2016 As long as Donald Trump s decisions for America are as solid as his decision about his hair, we re in good shape.  Natalie Maines (@1NatalieMaines) January 24, 2016On Wednesday, however, the Dixie Chicks humiliated Trump while on stage in Cincinnati by depicting him as the devil on the big screen behind them while singing a tune about a husband who abuses his wife.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is a vile racist who is so thin-skinned that it would be easy to provoke him into using the military to attack countries he doesn t like if he should actually be given command of our armed forces by the American people in November. He has even refused to rule out nuclear war against Europe and the Middle East which puts our military and the entire world population at serious risk. America does not need any more wars, but electing Donald Trump as president would just about guarantee perpetual war and it looks like the Dixie Chicks are prepared to wage political war against Trump to make sure that doesn t happen.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6008, GOP Senator Incapable Of Answering This Simple Question About Trump’s Border Wall (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s proposal to build a wall between the United States and Mexico is absolutely ridiculous. It s unnecessary, counter-productive, and an insult to our national neighbor. The fact that Trump thinks that Mexico should foot the bill for the mega-project serves as the cherry on top of the giant pile of bullsh*t that Trump has served to his supporters insisting that it is made of ice cream.The proposal is just one of many elephants in the room that the GOP is refusing to give any coherent opinion on. That s why when Republican Senator Bob Corker appeared on ABC s This Week, the show s host George Stephanopoulos pressed the Senator for some clarity on the matter.Here s a transcript of the exchange:GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Senator, let me go ahead, let s talk about his ideas. You are the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and you ve said his call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration is not a serious proposal. The former head of the CIA Michael Hayden said this morning it s a recruiting tool for ISIS. If Donald Trump as president, moved to impose that ban would you support it or try to stop it?SEN. BOB CORKER No, I would not support it and I ve already issued statements to that effect and what I understand is he has stepped away from those statements.STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, he has said he still supports those statements. He s also said in every speech that he talks about building a wall on our border and getting Mexico to pay for it. Is that realistic and what would it do to our relations with Mexico?CORKER: You know, obviously we do need to have good relations with Mexico and Canada. We do. That s one of the things that makes our country in such a stable environment having two friends on our borders unlike many countries around the world. There is a security issue. I authored an amendment during the immigration debate that actually makes building a wall look like Ned in the first reader meaning it was even more difficult and by the way, I mean, a tougher security border measure   by the way, every Democrat in the Senate voted for that measure. So there s no question that we have agreement in our country that we need greater security. It s strongly bipartisan and I hope that we will implement that because it is a security threat.STEPHANOPOULOS: But is it realistic to expect Mexico to pay for the wall?CORKER: Again, I think people agree with that   what s that?STEPHANOPOULOS: Is it realistic for people to expect Mexico to pay for that wall?CORKER: Well, again, I don t want to get into a debate about the nuances of that. I mean it s a statement that he has made. I thought this interview was going to be more about the foreign policy arena. I think he has a tremendous opportunity there.STEPHANOPOULOS: Well, our relations with Mexico is foreign policy.CORKER: Okay. Well, look, as to how the wall is paid for, that s something that Congress certainly will debate. My guess is there will be additional debates regarding how the actual security measures will be put in place but securing our border has been something that people on both sides of the aisle have supported for years and we need to do that and it s understandable that it s become an issue because it s lingered for so long. We had an opportunity to deal with this years ago. It wasn t dealt with. Needs to be dealt with now. And hopefully we ll move beyond that very quickly.Surprise, surprise. No clear answers on one of the most important topics of the election cycle. If you can t answer a simple question about what may become part of your party s platform   it might be a good sign that it is time to jump off the ship.These days, it s looking more and more like top members of the Republican Party are embarrassed to be a member of that party. The Republican National Convention is coming up fast, sooner or later the GOP is going to have to decide if they are willing to go completely off the deep end and agree to support Trump s fascist proposals.You can watch the interview below. Featured image from video screenshot",0
6009," WATCH: Conservative Game Show Host Insults Minimum Wage Earners, Supports Punishing Liberals","Chuck Woolery wants America to return to the 1950s when liberals were punished for exercising free speech and the minimum wage was $1.00 an hour.During an appearance on Fox & Friends on Sunday the former Wheel of Fortune host whined about Matt Damon s commencement speech in which the actor addressed the need for a higher minimum wage and blasted Republican nominee Donald Trump.Woolery responded by accusing Damon of being a communist and suggested punishing liberals who express their support of anything deemed a communist idea by the right-wing. In the  50s in Hollywood if you spoke for communism, you were blackballed,  Woolery said.  In the  90s and 2000s in Hollywood if you speak for communism, you re rewarded for it. But if you speak against communism, you re blackballed. And that s blatantly not true since conservative actors like Gary Senise and Tom Selleck have both starred in movies and great television programs. Also, since when is free speech a communist thing?Woolery then attacked workers who make minimum wage by suggesting that those workers don t work hard and are just starting out and don t have families to support. Most people don t realize that it s not a good thing, it s a bad thing,  Woolery claimed about raising the minimum wage. I think it s the liberals  job to take the simple and make it as complex as possible. I think it s the conservatives  job   and we don t do a very good job of it   to take the complex and make it as simple as possible. The things that sound really good   this knee-jerk reaction to 15 bucks an hour   my son is 20 years old, he would love to make $15 an hour. You ve got to earn your way in this world, and if it costs them $15 a hour and you re a small business and it ruins the business, what good does it do?  he continued.  These are people who are starting off. They re not people who have families by and large. Here s the video via YouTube:Again, Woolery doesn t know what the hell he is talking about. Not only is raising the minimum wage good for the overall economy, it strengthens businesses and actually does help the families of these workers.According to the Center of Economic and Policy Research, the average age of a minimum wage worker is 35-years-old, far from someone who is just  starting off. Indeed, the Department of Labor says that women would especially benefit from a much needed minimum wage hike.More than half of those who would benefit are women   about a third of them have children. In fact, of the 2.8 million working single parents that would benefit, more than 80 percent are women. And research shows that raising the minimum wage reduces child poverty among female-headed households.Raising the minimum wage would immediately impact these families and the local economies they live in. The cost of living has gone up along with the bloated income of wealthy assholes like Chuck Woolery. Therefore, minimum wage workers should see an increase and that increase would definitely be over $10 an hour if the minimum wage had been tied to inflation since the 1960s. And if you re a woman, you only make 77 cents for every dollar a man makes, which makes things worse.Wage hikes also boost worker morale, which makes businesses stronger. A happy workforce that is taken care of by their employer means a healthier business and a healthier community. Woolery might understand that if he hadn t spent his career  working  as a game show host. There are people in this country who work far harder than he does and they only make minimum wage. Also, minimum wage is lowest in red states so Woolery just insulted millions of conservatives.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6010, MD Special Needs Man Gunned Down Over A Basketball (VIDEO),"On Wednesday a 20-year-old special needs man was gunned down by an angry gun owner in Landover Hills, Maryland.According to WJLA, the shooting occurred as the victim, identified as Conrad Cole, was walking to a nearby park to play basketball with his two caretakers. Witnesses say that the 20-year-old group home resident lost control of his basketball. The ball brushed against a nearby car.The owner of the vehicle, who has since been identified as 28-year-old Roderick Town, aggressively confronted Cole.During an interview with WJLA, Prince George County Police Chief Hank Stawinski described what happened next: The special needs individual is not communicating clearly. The individual in the car retrieves a weapon and shoots the person a number of times. Stawinski called the shooting  a senseless murder. After killing the special needs man, Town fled the scene.He was arrested on Saturday. Town faces charges of first-degree and second-degree murder, as well as additional charges.Here s more on the story from WJLA.According to the Washington Post, Maryland has  some of the strictest gun laws in the nation. The state s supposedly strict gun laws do nothing to keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers, convicted felons or people on the FBI s terrorist watch list. Democrats have been trying to change that.Police have yet to release information on what type of gun was used in this senseless killing, nor have they disclosed whether Town was legally permitted to own a gun in MD.What we do know is that contrary to NRA myths, the presence of a gun does not reduce the odds of violent crime.Time and time again we see minor arguments escalate to this level of violence. As decades of research shows, the mere presence of a gun during a heated conflict contributes to higher levels of aggression and violence.Guns and anger are a deadly combination. Sadly, research also shows that the more angry and impulsive a person is, the more likely they are to own and carry a gun.As reported here: A June 2015 study found that  310 million firearms estimated to be in private hands in the United States are disproportionately owned by people who are prone to angry, impulsive behavior and have a potentially dangerous habit of keeping their guns close at hand. While no one has all the answers when it comes to preventing gun violence, we do know that putting even more guns into the hands of angry people is not the solution.Image credit: video screen capture via WJLA",0
6011, WATCH: Trump Gets GRILLED Over This Weird Claim He Keeps Making (VIDEO),"During an interview on CNN Sunday morning, Jake Tapper pressed Donald Trump hard asking for some shred of evidence that the presumptive Republican frontrunner s claims regarding the Iraq War are true.Trump attempted to position himself against Hillary Clinton s vote in favor of the Iraq War: I have a very strong temperament, but I have a temperament that s totally under control. And [Hillary Clinton] mentions that I ll bring us into war. She s the one that wanted to go into Iraq. She raised her hand. She didn t know what the hell she was doing. She raised her hand. I said, I don t want to go into Iraq. Iraq is going to destabilize the Middle East, and I was 100 percent right,  Trump told Tapper.Now, this might actually be a legitimate talking point if this were a normal election and Trump wasn t Trump. However, that is not at all the case. That s why Tapper decided to call out Trump s statement that he was against the Iraq War before it started.Here is a transcript of the exchange:JAKE TAPPER: Can I just say one point on that, I have looked so long and hard for any evidence  TRUMP: I ll give it to you. 2004, they had newspaper articles.TAPPER: Right, but the war started in 2003.TRUMP: It did, but you know what, you look at   I did an interview with Howard [Stern], and that interview was the first time I was ever asked the question. Don t forget I was an entrepreneur. I m a real estate person.TAPPER: But didn t you say to Howard that you thought it was a good idea?TRUMP: This was before the war started, long before the war started and it was a very, like, I don t know. First, nobody ever asked me the question, when you re do what I did nobody was talking about a lot of the questions that you ask me today, and I was   I sort of like, well, I don t know, maybe, I don t know. By the time that started, I was totally against it, and from 2004 on, there s a lot of proof of that, because, as you know, there was articles in magazines, there was a lot of articles.TAPPER: Yeah. A year after the war started.TRUMP: No, no, but I was against it from before it started. And if you go back and look at that interview, and I ll get it for you if you want, but that interview was substantially before the war started. It was the first time I was ever asked the question. And even that, it wasn t like, oh yeah, we should go in. It was a very, like yeah, maybe.TAPPER: The only thing I would say, and then we don t have to belabor this point, is if there is evidence of you being against the war strongly before the war actually started, I would love to see that.TRUMP: OK, but I think there is evidence.TAPPER: I just haven t seen it.TRUMP: I think there is evidence. I haven t been asked that question before. Nobody said that to me before. I think there is evidence, I ll see if I can get it. But I will say, from the beginning of 2004, I mean I ve had articles, and I mean there are magazines  TAPPER: 2004 no question.TRUMP: I was against the war a long time ago and it destabilized the Middle East, and that s exactly what I said was going to happen.While the political theater of watching Trump try to back up one of his claims without there being any actual evidence to back his claims is always entertaining, Trump accidently exposed a huge weakness of his in the interview. No one cares what Trump has had to say about anything before this election cycle. His greatest achievement in the political realm until now was his fanning of the flames that was the birther conspiracy theory.No one cared in 2013 what Trump had to say about the Iraq War then. Trump has alleged that the reason that there isn t any evidence of his disapproval of the Iraq War was because no one asked him about it. Who would ask the Trump of 2003 his opinion on any matter of seriousness? He was reality television star. He didn t matter.That being said, if Trump did actually have such strong feelings against the Iraq War, why didn t he bring it up. Trump had the money and social capital to launch a campaign against the Iraq invasion that could have possibly have had an actual impact.Yet he didn t. That s because Trump is a selfish opportunist and taking a stand at the right time in history is not in his nature.You can watch the interview below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5dC2l8j6UUFeatured image from video screenshot",0
