id,title,text,label
6012, Muhammad Ali Sent Trump A Powerful Message That The World Needs To Read,"The right wing loves to appropriate revolutionary icons. Muhammed Ali is very much one of those icons. Since his passing on Friday, the boxing champion and political agitator s legacy has been praised by those who have agendas that are antithetical to the The Champ s views on the world. This is probably best exemplified by the message that he sent to Donald Trump (though Trump was not named explicitly) and anyone else who wants to take Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States seriously.Trump recently sent out a tweet, where he praised Ali for being a truly great champion and a wonderful guy. Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2016That tweet stands out in stark contrast to the disgusting one that Trump sent out about Muslim athletes just a few months prior to Ali s passing.Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015People were quick to point out how vile and asinine the statement was.And dude, @realDonaldTrump, you've met @MuhammadAli multiple times. pic.twitter.com/tIiIBgY80b  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) December 7, 2015While Trump and Ali had a friendly relationship prior to Trump s political campaign, Ali sent Trump a letter denouncing the idea that Muslims should be banned from entering the United States. I am a Muslim and there is nothing Islamic about killing innocent people in Paris, San Bernardino, or anywhere else in the world. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion.We as Muslims have to stand up to those who use Islam to advance their own personal agenda. They have alienated many from learning about Islam. True Muslims know or should know that it goes against our religion to try and force Islam on anybody.Speaking as someone who has never been accused of political correctness, I believe that our political leaders should use their position to bring understanding about the religion of Islam and clarify that these misguided murderers have perverted people s views on what Islam really is. As we all know, Trump has not heeded that message. Trump s entire campaign stands in opposition to what Ali preached.Like the great man himself, Ali s powerful message floats with the grace of a butterfly, yet should sting those who they are addressed to like a bee.Featured image from  Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images ",0
6013, Trump Adds Muslims To List Of Minorities He Thinks Shouldn’t Be Allowed To Be Judges (VIDEO),"After widespread, bipartisan outrage and several high profile calls by Republican colleagues to knock it off, Donald Trump decided instead to triple down on his racist comments about the judge presiding over his Trump University fraud case   and then start adding other minority groups that he also feels can t be trusted.During a sit down with CBS s John Dickerson on Face the Nation, Trump said it was  common sense  to keep minorities out of positions of authority or else they might be biased against people like Trump. When Dickerson pressed Trump to justify his overtly racist attitudes by using a hypothetical Muslim judge instead of a Hispanic one, the Republican nominee said he would similarly ask that a Muslim recuse himself under the assumption that given what he has said about Muslims, the judge would be unable to give him a fair trial.It led to this mind-blowing exchange: Isn t there sort of a tradition though in America that we don t judge people by who their parents were and where they came from?  Dickerson replied.And Trump countered again,  I m not talking about tradition   I m talking about common sense, OK? Trump has repeatedly insisted that he really does stand behind the accusations that the judge in his case, Indiana-born Gonzalo Curial, is a  Mexican  hater who wants to punish Trump for his promise to build a wall on the border. Now he has expanded it to Muslims as well. What group is next?Clearly a position that in more decent times would disqualify a candidate, instead Republicans have opted to tsk tsk Trump while at the same time pretend to believe that what he said isn t racist, just  brash.  It s unclear whether even they buy that particularly pathetic excuse.There is, of course, little need to debunk Trump s offensive approach to the justice system, but a UCLA law professor summed it up nicely: Trump s theory is, apparently, that anyone can get any judge disqualified for  conflict of interest  just by saying things that the judge finds offensive enough,  Volokh wrote.  Don t like the Jewish judge on your case? Say things that are critical of Jews, and now the judge presumably has to step aside because of a conflict of interest. Don t like the female judge? Say things that women tend to find offensive. Don t like the judge who was a Republican activist? Say nasty things about Republicans. In other words, the only person Trump thinks is qualified to judge Trump is Trump. Or perhaps, men who share his same skin color.Watch Trump s egregious comments below:Would a Muslim judge also be out of the question here? @realdonaldtrump:  It s possible, yes.  https://t.co/49qUfRCrLV  Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) June 5, 2016Featured image via CBS",0
6014, WATCH: GOP Leader Won’t Call Trump’s Attack On Latino Judge Racist,"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s bizarre accusation that the judge overseeing the lawsuit about Trump University can t be impartial because of his  Mexican heritage  has been rebuked and slammed from multiple angles. But the most senior Republican in the United States Senate refuses to call the attack racist.Appearing on Meet the Press, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) would not be moved despite the mountain of evidence against his fellow Republican.Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) on Sunday criticized Donald Trump s recent attacks on a California judge but would not call the presumptive Republican presidential nominee s statements racist. I couldn t disagree more with a statement like that,  McConnell said on NBC s  Meet the Press  in an interview that aired Sunday morning, referring to Trump s comments. I couldn t disagree more with what he had to say,  he added, when pressed on whether Trump made a racist statement.Trump has refused to back down from his anti-Latino statement, perhaps sensing that the Republican base nominated him in the first place based on Latino-bashing.Other Republicans, even Newt Gingrich, who is apparently in the running to be the vice presidential nominee, have slammed the Trump argument. Current Speaker of the House Paul Ryan also voiced disagreement with Trump s attack, but did not rescind his endorsement of the nominee.Trump compounded the issue by singling out a black man at a rally as  my African-American,  and then retweeted a photo of what was supposedly a family of black supporters. In reality, the picture was stolen from a news report of a black family reunion from 2015. Reached for comment, the family in the story denied supporting Trump and described his use of their photo as  propaganda. The racial litmus test proposed by Trump for federal judges has also been rejected and denounced by Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and other prominent Democrats.Featured image via YouTube",0
6015, Black And Brown People Accounted For 86.5 Percent Of NY Misdemeanor Arrests,"Black and brown people accounted for 86.5 percent of New York City s misdemeanor arrests, during the first three months of 2016.According to the most recent statistics from the Police Reform Organizing Project (PROP) between January 1 and March 31 of this year the NYPD arrested 46,600 citizens for misdemeanor crimes.Out of those 46,600 arrests, more than 43,300 were people of color.The population of New York City is at least 44 percent white, according to the most recent data from the 2010 Census. In spite of the population demographics, less than 14 percent of misdemeanor arrests have involved a white person.Those numbers are staggering.If that s not enough, it appears that the disproportionate rate of misdemeanor arrests involving people of color is getting worse.During the same three month time period in 2014, people of color made up 84.5 percent of NYPD misdemeanor arrests. In 2015 the percentage of minority arrests increased to 85.4 percent. In 2016 the number rose again, to where it now stands at 86.5 percent.During an interview with New York Daily News, Robert Gangi of PROP said  the statistics that stand out for us involve arrests for misdemeanor marijuana offenses. As New York Daily News reports here:On Nov. 11, 2014, Police Commissioner Bill Bratton announced that people caught with less than 25 grams of marijuana would no longer be arrested, effective immediately. Instead, they were to be issued a noncriminal violation in the form of a summons. Repeat offenders would get a fine. Anyone caught smoking on the street, however, would still wind up in jail.Initially the number of marijuana arrests declined throughout the city, following the announcement.As the most recent data shows, the number of people arrested for marijuana has been inching its way back up since the announced 2014 policy change.During the first three months of 2016, 4,225 people were arrested for pot possession. That s a big increase over the same period last year, when 2,960 people were arrested on the same charge.The disparity in the rate of misdemeanor arrests is only the tip of the iceberg.According to their website,  from June 3, 2014 through August 11, 2015, PROP recorded information on 1351 cases presented in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, and Queens criminal courts. During that time period the organization monitored 1351 cases. The group reports that of those cases 1247, or 92.3 percent, of defendants were people of color.As stated in the group s latest court monitoring report: Everyday New York s district attorneys aggressively prosecute cases against black and brown people for engaging in mainly innocent or innocuous activities. Everyday our city s courts devote considerable resources to the administration of injustice, applying sanctions in hundreds, if not thousands, of cases where the charges involves, at worst, petty infractions and where the defendants are almost always people of color, some of whom live on the margins of society. Image credit: Marionzetta via flickr",0
6016, NC Students Pull Racist Prank On Their Classmates That’s Straight Out Of Trump’s Book,"Students at a North Carolina high school have let Donald Trump s influence get to them way too much. Last week, they built a wall of boxes that blocked off McDowell High School s common area, and then put the photo on Instagram, saying,  We built the wall first,  in apparent homage to Donald Trump and his border wall idea.Worse, they built this wall under the supervision of a teacher. Of all people, a teacher should have known what this symbolized and discouraged the students from doing this. Instead, these students got supervision for a racist prank that understandably upset their Latino classmates.They wanted to put a Trump sticker on it, too, but at least someone had the guts to tell them they couldn t do that. A picture of the wall was shared on Students4Trump s Instagram account, and is below:McDowell High School students get the award for best #studentsfortrump senior prank. THEY BUILT A WALL!! We are #students4trump #trump2016 #trump #maga #studentsfortrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump #trumptrainA photo posted by Students For Trump (@students4trump) on Jun 2, 2016 at 2:50pm PDTTrump has been chanting about a wall along the Mexican border nonstop since he announced his candidacy a year ago, and he s been extremely racist against Latinos in the U.S. In fact, he tweeted that the anti-Trump protesters that got violent at his San Jose rally were  mostly illegals:  Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2016One has to wonder how he knows that. Chances are, he doesn t, and just assumes that any Latinos who don t support him are here illegally.These kids took a page straight out of his book to do this, and they know it. Otherwise they wouldn t have wanted to put a Trump sticker on it. The students aren t going to face any disciplinary action over it, either, likely because it was just a  prank.  That tells them that racist behavior will be tolerated in our society and teaches them nothing of value.Trump would be so proud of these kids. That s sickening.Featured image by Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images",0
6017, Teens Post Video On What They Would Do To Black People As President (VIDEO),"In a video uploaded to Facebook earlier this week, a group of students from Grosse Pointe, Michigan can be heard talking about what they would do to Black people if they were president.As reported by New York Daily News the students recorded the video over Memorial Day weekend.In the video a male student can be heard talking about his hatred for Black people, calling them  f g stupid  and worthless.  The student goes on to say,  they need to leave our country, send  em back to Africa, or the slaves, one of the two options. Another student asks,  So what are you going to do in 2040,  referring to the year he ll become president of the United States.The first student replies,  Oh, segregate. They get Maine, North and South Dakota, Montana, Wyoming Another student asks, How are they going to be treated? Awful,  he responds, saying,  they re going to be owned by white people, and white people are going to be the dominants of the country. Another student says We re gonna burn them on stakes. No, no, no, no,  the first student replies.  We re gonna put like a pole with those little burning things at the end and stab  em so you can know who the owner is and you can sell those bitches. You can trade  em for like cock points and shit, bro. And you can get alcohol for that shit. After another student asks if there s anything else they re going to do, the first student adds,  We re not gonna put  em in coffins, we re gonna put  em in a river and let  em swim to the Atlantic Ocean. WXYZ in Detroit reports that the students attend Grosse Pointe s South High School. School officials sent a notice out to parents regarding the video. The notice mentions  possible suspensions. It appears that the video has since been removed from social media. New York Daily News published a partial transcript here.In March South High School officials suspended a different group of students over racist posts on social media.It s not hard to trace the inspiration for the hateful ideas expressed by these students.When Donald Trump is the republican party s current frontrunner in the presidential primary, it shouldn t come as a surprise to anyone to hear young people talking about the vile things they would do if they became president.Grosse Pointe, a suburb of Detroit, has never been lacking in racist role models for students to emulate, either. In 2013, more than a dozen videos were released showing Grosse Pointe police officers telling Black men to sing, dance and  walk like a chimp,  for the camera.These students have been influenced by republican politicians like L Brooks Patterson.In 2014, Patterson proposed building a fence around the city of Detroit to keep Black people in, saying: I made a prediction a long time ago and it s come to pass. I said what we re gonna do is turn Detroit into an Indian reservation, where we herd all the Indians into the city, build a fence around it and then throw in the blankets and the corn. When students look around and see politicians, police officers and even presidential candidates spewing this kind of vile hate speech, we should not be surprised when they do the same. These are the people impressionable young people are supposed to be able to look up to and emulate.We should gravely consider what the US will become tomorrow if we fail to hold the people in power accountable for their hateful words and actions today.Here s more on the story from Fox 2 in Detroit.Image credit: Video screen capture Fox 2",0
6018, Arkansas Mayor To Use The 4th Of July To Force His Religion Down Everyone’s Throats,"Beebe, Arkansas mayor, Mike Robertson, loves Jesus. He loves Jesus so much that he s using public dollars to fund a gospel band for Beebe s 4th of July celebration, and he knows what he s doing, too. Otherwise, he wouldn t have said this in his letter urging residents to come out: I am pleased to announce that this year s live music will be provided by Grammy-Nominated, Multiple Award-Winning Gospel Artists, The Bowling Family The Bowling Family combines talent, sincerity and experience to create a memorable concert experience. Their goal for the evening is to usher in the presence of god and to celebrate the Christian message. They feel privileged and honored to enjoy the freedom to honor Christ with any and all of their abilities.  [emphasis mine]You can read the letter in its entirety here.It s ironic that he d knowingly pick a gospel band to help his town celebrate a day on which our founders declared their independence from the British Crown, and sought things like religious freedom for the colonies. It s sad, too; Robertson clearly practices the religious right s warped and twisted view of American history.David Niose, the legal director of the American Humanist Association, sent a stern letter of warning to Robertson s office, saying that a concerned citizen had contacted him about usurping our Independence Day, along with public dollars, to endorse a religion not everyone in Beebe practices. The American Humanist Association has successfully sued other government entities for promoting religion in the past, and Niose makes a point of mentioning that. He also said: You should not be surprised that some of your constituents object to your use of the apparatus of government, which of course is funded by citizens of various religious backgrounds, to endorse and promote your personal religion. Indeed, Beebe was also the center of controversy in 2014 when a family there opened a small, pagan temple in their garage. Robertson was initially behind that, thinking it was a little Christian church, but when he found out it was pagan, he changed his mind and claimed that zoning laws forbade a place of worship on that property.In fact, zoning laws actually allowed it. Robertson just doesn t like the idea that there are people in his town that practice a different religion than he does. Worse, he believes that public officials should be praying to his god  as the true leader of the nation.  This is Christian zealotry at its finest. Freedom for Christianity and Christians, but not for anyone else.Roberston told OneNewsNow that the city is acting fairly, and he s prepared to defend having this gospel group at their 4th of July event: We ve had all different types of entertainment. And we try each year to change it to do something for everybody s desire and liking, and so we chose a gospel group. He went on to say that people could just stay home if they don t like it. Wow. Just wow. Perhaps he s the one who should stay home, and let people who actually understand freedom of religion, along with the whole reason we even celebrate that day, plan this event.Featured image via Beebe, Ark. official website",0
6019, ‘Veteran Loving’ Trump Fires Veterans Because Their Service Inconveniences Him,"Finally, the media is giving Donald Trump the critical eye they should. The stories about the Trump University lawsuits and his refusal to release his tax returns are proving to be troublesome to the GOP frontrunner s campaign, but one of the most damaging might be the missing money that was supposedly pegged for veterans.Things are about to get a whole lot worse on the veteran front. The Huffington Post reported that Trump actually discriminates against veterans because they spend too much time serving their country.In at least three cases, Trump s companies have either fired, or refused to hire, military reservists because of the time commitments demanded of them by their service in the armed forces. The veterans involved have sued Trump for violating the laws meant to protect them from precisely these types of penalties. And in all three cases, Trump and his companies have settled the suits.The Huffington Post already reported on the first two of these cases   one involving an Air Force senior master sergeant fired from the Trump Institute in 2007, and one an Army staff sergeant fired from her job at Trump University that same year.These two cases, however, have a predecessor. On May 27, 1988, United States Air Force Col. Charles Beattie submitted orders to his bosses at Eastern Airlines, where he worked as a pilot.For Trump, it seems, it s cheaper to pay fines for this clear violation of the law than to follow the law. Trump is an egomaniac. The fact that he doesn t like to employ people whose priority is our country should be all the proof we need that Trump has no desire to serve our country. He never has, beginning with the fact that Trump avoided the draft.It s doubtful that Trump actively dislikes veterans, but it s clear he doesn t care about them. He would happily and haphazardly send them into war zones, perhaps because a world leader hurt his feelings.The fact that he doesn t like vets working for him is only the tip of the iceberg. For a man who has planned on running for president for at least a few years, he s done little to beef up his image as a patriot. The Republican party is supposedly the party of veterans (of course, we wouldn t know it by how they vote, but they think they love the veterans), but Trump gave zero of his personal money to veterans groups, and his foundation donated a paltry $57,000. As Forbes Magazine notes, Trump once demanded that CNN give veterans $5 million for Trump to appear at a debate. They didn t, but that would be $494,000,000 than his foundation has given.As I said, the media is finally beginning to look critically at Trump, but it s time they start calling these things what they are: scandals. They might even qualify for a  gate. Featured image via Christopher Furlong with Getty Images.",0
6020, Here’s The Latest Reason Conservatives Are Calling Michelle Obama A N***** (SCREENSHOTS),"It s official: No one in the Obama family can do or say anything without the Stupid Part of America calling them n*ggers. As she gave her final, powerful commencement speech as First Lady, Michelle Obama dropped a harsh truth on the graduating class of CUNY   the White House was built largely using slave labor: It s the story that I witness every single day, when I wake up in a house that was built by slaves. And I watch my daughters two beautiful, black young women head off to school waving goodbye to their father, the President of the United States, the son of a man from Kenya who came here to American to America for the same reasons as many of you: To get an education and improve his prospects in life. Obama is correct. WhiteHousehistory.org notes that black people provided much of the labor that went into building the White House after the U.S. government failed to find qualified workers they could pay to do the work (slave masters were, of course, paid):The D.C. commissioners, charged by Congress with building the new city under the direction of the president, initially planned to import workers from Europe to meet their labor needs. However, response to recruitment was dismal and soon they turned to African American enslaved and free to provide the bulk of labor that built the White House, the United States Capitol, and other early government buildings.Stonemason Collen Williamson trained enslaved people on the spot at the government s quarry at Aquia, Virginia. Enslaved people quarried and cut the rough stone that was later dressed and laid by Scottish masons to erect the walls of the President s House. The slaves joined a work force that included local white laborers and artisans from Maryland and Virginia, as well as immigrants from Ireland, Scotland, and other European nations.The uneducated f*ckwits at Young Conservatives, naturally, complained that the First Lady  whined  about that little slavery issue that we should pretend never happened, calling her  ungrateful  and informing their readers that Obama is  ungrateful  because she correctly noted the history of her current home. You know, Michelle   if you don t like living there, move out,  writes blogger John. S. Roberts, who wonders why  some people  (read:  the blacks ) just  can t move beyond  the fact that their ancestors were owned by white people.Naturally, commenters agreed, calling the First Lady a  n*gger  because that s pretty much the extent of their intelligence. They, too, think she is  ungrateful  because white people did her a favor by shipping her ancestors over here and forcing them to work and endure brutal beatings, rapes, and murders:         Over at right-wing propaganda mill, Weazel Zippers, the sentiment was the same   and they didn t need to write a single word. They just pasted a screenshot of a tweet about the statement.              Conservatives are horrible   and, unfortunately, each and every single one of them will be headed to the polls in November to vote for Trump. We can not allow someone who fosters this sort of hatred to succeed President Obama. Be sure to get out and do your duty in November   vote BLUE across the board and kick the haters out of their respective offices.Featured image via screen capture",0
6021, Black Family BLASTS Trump For Using Photo As ‘Propaganda’: We DON’T Support Him,"The black family whose family reunion photo was used in a tweet by Donald Trump to prove the Republican nominee has support with black voters is pushing back strongly on the reality TV star. Buzzfeed contacted the Perry family after it was revealed that Trump retweeted a post using their family gathering to boost his campaign.BuzzFeed News can reveal the parents in the photograph, pictured at right, are Eddie and Vanessa Perry   and they are not endorsing or publicly supporting any political candidate during the 2016 election.[ ]On Saturday morning, however, a friend texted him a screenshot of Trump s tweet.  When I saw it, I immediately knew it was political propaganda,  he said.The Trump supporter who created the doctored image is apparently the same provocateur who pushed a photo comparison of Heidi Cruz and Melania Trump that attacked Cruz s looks and was promoted by Trump.Trump posted his most recent fraudulent creation after facing heavy criticism for several racial outbursts on Friday. During a rally, Trump referred to a black man in the crowd as  my African-American,  and earlier in the event and on CNN defended his race-based attack on the judge presiding over the court case alleging fraud by Trump University.Trump complained that due to the judge s  Mexican heritage  it is improper for him to judge Trump. In reality, the judge is a native-born American with a Latino heritage, much like Trump is a native-born American with a German heritage.The mainstream leadership of the Republican Party, including Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have endorsed Trump s campaign despite its ongoing use of racist and misogynist rhetoric. Trump has also called for a ban on Muslim migration to the United States, a move which has been slammed by some members of his own party and by prominent Democrats like President Obama and Secretary Hillary Clinton.Featured image via WCPO",0
6022," Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo on Donald Trump: ‘My God, He’s So Stupid’","Paris  first female mayor and the one who brought the city together after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo and November s mass attack, recently made a blunt (and much needed) statement on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.In an interview in which she and London s newest mayor Sadiq Khan, a practicing Muslim, showed a sign of religious unity, Hidalgo plainly stated that Trump is  so stupid  and repeated it: Donald Trump is stupid. My God he s stupid. My God. There s no other way to frame it than that. Trump has not been on good terms with the French ever since their two attacks, which happened 11 months apart. He tweeted that Parisians would have survived the attacks if they were allowed access to open carry. He also blamed France s immigration policy and tolerance of Muslims as a culprit for the attacks.Hidalgo also told reporters that the people of France, of all religions   whether they be Christian or Muslim or even atheists   do not agree with Trump s policies.Not long after the comments were made, Hidalgo and the city of Paris announced that a refugee camp would be opened in the city s northern suburbs. Not only will the camp house migrants and refugees, but it will also lay groundwork for establishing permanent housing for those who come with nothing. Hidalgo blasted France and Europe for failing to  face up to the migrant crisis  that has claimed thousands of lives trying to escape persecution and violence.Hidalgo told reporters that France cannot sit by and continue to watch migrants suffer and die when more could be done to help them: I hear people say won t this act as a magnet. But I think of other countries, like Germany, where they have created conditions to welcome hundreds of thousands of migrants in dignified conditions. We must do the same by taking the full measure of this migrant flow that is flooding Europe. Paris will not sit idly by while the Mediterranean becomes a graveyard for refugees. Hidalgo says the camp will be opened within six weeks time.And like that, another world leader smacks down Donald Trump and shows him how it s really done in the civilized world.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
6023, WATCH: Elizabeth Warren DESTROYS Trump In This Glorious Speech (VIDEO),"The war of words between Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren just reached an epic new height. On Saturday, during the Democrats of Massachusetts state convention, Warren did the best thing that you can do to a bully like Trump   gave him a taste of his own medicine.Warren has blasted Trump multiple times over the past few months, yet nothing she has said compares to the no-holds barred verbal punches she threw out during her speech at the convention.Speaking about the giant predatory scheme that was Trump University, Warren likened the presumptive Republican presidential candidate to a sleazy car salesman: It was like a used car dealership except that s not fair to used car dealerships,  Warren told the audience.  His playbook said to look for people with problems; they make good targets. Trump even encouraged his sales force to go after elderly people who were trying to build a little financial security, Warren continued.  Now, Trump University failed and that s no surprise. Think Trump Airlines, Trump Steaks, Trump Magazines, Trump Vodka, Trump Casinos, Trump Mortgage, Trump Games, Trump Travel, Trump Ice, Trump Network, Trump Radio, and Trump New Media Company. These were ordinary folks who were targeted because they had problems and Trump saw they were vulnerable and he could make a buck. Here s a man who builds a business to profit off other peoples  pain. He wants to be Commander-in-Chief, but he s only qualified to be Fraudster-in-Chief. Warren s evisceration of Trump is both thorough and rooted in factual evidence. The speech is a glorious indictment of Trump s fraudulent schemes and should serve as a reminder of just how terrible a Trump administration would be for the United States. Trump s campaign, much like his business schemes, is nothing more the exploitation of those who are desperate enough to believe that a has been reality TV star has anything to offer in the way of being a true leader.You can watch the speech below.Featured image via  video screenshot",0
6024, Bill Maher Explains Socialism To Republicans And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO),"Until recently,  socialism  has been one of the dirtiest words someone could say in the United States. On Friday, Bill Maher slammed the  free market is always right  crowd, saying that it is the time that people begin to recognize that capitalism is a shark that devours everything in its path. Since this year s election features both a socialist and a bonafide capitalist pig, someone needs to explain to the  free market solves everything  crowd that when it comes to socialism, you re soaking in it,  Maher says at the beginning of the segment. Someone needs to explain to the free-market crowd that when it comes to socialism, you re soaking in it. So many Americans hate the word  socialism  but love the concept: Medicare, unemployment, disability, farm subsidies. Forget the transgender debate. What America really needs is a separate bathroom for welfare queens. Maher then goes on to skewer Republicans who speak out against socialism, such as Marco Rubio. Who, as Maher quips, happens to be a representative from Florida, where everyone goes when they retire to live off from social security. It s eaten our democracy. It s eating our middle class. It s eaten our health care system, our prison system, our news media. It s even eaten our food systems so thoroughly that a lot of our food is no longer something that should be eaten. Maher then goes on to talk about capitalism s next big target national parks. Yes, not even our national parks are safe from capitalism s voracious appetite. Due to an 11-million-dollar hole in the budget, naming rights for national parks will now be sold.So get ready to load up the family for a vacation this summer to Hooters Grand Teton national park.You can watch the segment in full, below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
6025," Neil DeGrasse Tyson Just Called Trump Supporters Dumb, And It’s Priceless (VIDEO)","It s one thing to go after Donald Trump and how bigoted he is, but it s another to look at why he s gotten to where he is in this election cycle   his voters. If he didn t have a large amount of folks who think he s absolutely ideal for the presidency, well, then he wouldn t be the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.On HBO s Real Time, guest Neil deGrasse Tyson, an astrophysicist and one of the most brilliant people on the planet, told host Bill Maher why and how Trump is so popular, and what we need to do to fix it.He said: As an educator I care about the population and the electorate. And all this attention going to complain about Donald Trump. You re not really complaining about Donald Trump, there s a major portion of the electorate who likes him, and so they are your obvious object of your ire. Then shouldn t you be looking at the educational system that somehow allows people to not think about data, to not think about what is or is not true in this world? Basically calling Trump supporters dumb, because they haven t been properly educated in facts and reality. Thus, their support for a candidate who is pretty much only qualified to be the president of his own fan club, and not the President of the United States.DeGrasse Tyson added: You can knock Trump out of the contest and the population that supports him will just wait for the next one to rise up and you have to beat the next one over the head! And he s absolutely correct. If we don t fix our educational system and start giving people the proper knowledge to discern who should and shouldn t be president, then if it s not Trump, it s just going to be the next raging bigot with absolutely no policy experience.Watch here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6026, Rapist Gets Slap On The Wrist Sentence Because Prison Would Be Too ‘Severe’,"Brock Allen Turner, a 20-year-old former student at Stanford University, was sentenced to six months in jail for raping an unconscious woman on campus in January 2015.The prosecutor in the case recommended that Turner should receive a sentence of six years in prison. However, judge Aaron Persky sentenced Turner to six months in jail saying that  a prison sentence would have a severe impact on him   I think he will not be a danger to others.  Persky also cited Turner s lack of a criminal record and his young age as justifications for the short sentence.The victim in the case is a 23-year-old that had a blood-alcohol level that was twice the legal limit. She has no memory of the incident. Her testimony in the trial is public and is a powerful indictment of Turner s actions. The testimony begins with the 23-year-old woman saying  You don t know me, but you ve been inside me, and that s why we re here today.  She recounts the horror of having to find out that she was found with her clothes turn off from her behind a dumpster in public.During the testimony, she addressed Turner personally telling him that: You took away my worth, my privacy, my energy, my time, my safety, my intimacy, my confidence, my own voice, until today. I am a human being who has been irreversibly hurt. She concluded her testimony, speaking to all women who have been victims of sexual assault: And finally, to girls everywhere, I am with you. On nights when you feel alone, I am with you. When people doubt you or dismiss you, I am with you. I fought everyday for you. So never stop fighting, I believe you. As the author Anne Lamott once wrote,  Lighthouses don t go running all over an island looking for boats to save  they just stand there shining.  Although I can t save every boat, I hope that by speaking today, you absorbed a small amount of light, a small knowing that you can t be silenced, a small satisfaction that justice was served, a small assurance that we are getting somewhere, and a big, big knowing that you are important, unquestionably, you are untouchable, you are beautiful, you are to be valued, respected, undeniably, every minute of every day, you are powerful and nobody can take that away from you. To girls everywhere, I am with you. Thank you. It seems that in this case that the punishment did not fit the crime that was committed. What Turner did is not something that can be undone. Once again, the United States criminal system has been exposed as a cruel joke. It s a system where criminals get away with a slap on the wrist and non-violent offenders can be locked away for life.Featured image from Stanford University",0
6027, Trump Tweets FAKE Photo Of Black Supporters After Racist Meltdown,"The morning after getting pounded for several racial outbursts he made on Friday, Donald Trump retweeted an image of a black family with the caption  American Families for Trump. The problem is, the photo of the family is not from a pro-Trump event or gathering. The picture is actually from a news story about a black family reunion in 2015.The photo fakery was pointed out by Mark Czerniec.The episode is part of a pattern with Trump, who often retweets images created by his supporters that more often than not are either conspiracy theories, complete fakes, racist or some combination of the three. They reflect a lot of the values the presumptive Republican presidential nominee has mainstreamed in his short political career.Trump has expressed strong belief in the conspiracy theory that President Obama was not born in the United States, that climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese, and in the idea that immigrants are mostly criminals and rapists.Pushing the photo of fake black supporters comes after a day in which Trump pointed to a black man at a campaign rally in California and referred to him as  my African-American. In the same rally, Trump tripled-down on his racist assertion that the judge overseeing his Trump University case cannot be fair or impartial because he has  Mexican heritage  and at the same time Trump is  building a wall. In response to his racial outburst, Hillary Clinton noted,  It makes no sense to me. The judge was born in Indiana. Yes, he s of Mexican heritage. Donald Trump is apparently of German heritage. What does that mean? We are all Americans. The most senior Republican in the country, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, also condemned Trump s racist attack on the judge   but Trump has been making the allegation for months already, and Ryan endorsed Trump for the presidency.Featured image via Flickr",0
6028, Elizabeth Warren SMASHES Trump Over His $100 Million Ties To A Foreign Bank,"Donald Trump s many business ventures mean that he s got business relationships with many banks, including Wall Street banks. He could easily waltz into the White House owing at least $100 million to Deutsche Bank, which creates a massive conflict of interest that many have pointed out. Deutsche Bank has been heavily penalized by our government for repeated violations, and having business ties to Trump means they could whip him into letting them off the hook just to preserve his businesses, creating a massive conflict of interest.Now, anti-Wall Street crusader Elizabeth Warren has joined the chorus of voices decrying this, slamming Trump and his relationship with Deutsche Bank in a statement to Mother Jones: The job of the President is to enforce the law fairly. If a serial lawbreaker like Deutsche Bank is caught manipulating markets again, how would Trump hold it accountable knowing that the bank had the power to pull the plug on his own businesses? That s a question that should worry every American. These financial entanglements along with many of his other ongoing business concerns and arrangements present huge conflicts of interest. Deutsche Bank settled with U.S. regulators for things like fixing metals prices and rigging interest rates   that s what Warren means when she calls them a  serial lawbreaker,  but they re fighting us on other things and have been for years. They re among the banks that screwed the little guy that Trump claims to stand for in order to enrich themselves.Having Trump in the White House could easily allow them to put our regulators over a barrel, and he ll have to break his promises to the little guy.Two weeks ago, Warren attacked Trump for saying that he d made money off of the 2008 economic crash, which is something for which everyone should attack him because that s just sick for a presidential candidate to say. She said back then that Trump only cares about Trump, and those statements disqualify him from being president of the U.S.She also went after him for saying that Dodd-Frank put too many regulations on Wall Street bankers. She wanted to know whether he could even name three things that Dodd-Frank does, and said,  Seriously, someone ask him.  Chances are, he doesn t have a clue.What his businesses owe Deutsche Bank should disqualify him from the presidency because the President of the United States can t be in a position where foreign entities, whether they re governments or private organizations, can put him or her in a bind over regulation. Elizabeth Warren knows what s what here, and that s why her attacks are escalating. Trump can t be trusted in the White House.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6029, WHOA! Republican Governor Just Compared Donald Trump To Mass Murderer Dylann Roof (VIDEO),"When you think of anti-Trump people, South Carolina s governor, Nikki Haley, is probably not the first person to come to mind. Haley is anti-government, anti-choice, anti-civil rights and anti-regulation. In other words, she is the perfect Republican, but she s no fan of Donald Trump.In the past, Haley has said that Trump  has definitely contributed to what I think is just irresponsible talk.  Sure, that s not exactly an endorsement, but then, she certainly seemed to leave other options open.On Thursday, though, Haley minced no words whatsoever. She compared Trump to Dylann Roof, who is accused of killing nine black churchgoers in what was clearly a racist attack. These comments are possibly worse than any of his opponents have dared levy against him:South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley said Thursday she wishes Donald Trump communicated differently because bad things result from divisive rhetoric, as evidenced by last June s massacre in Charleston.The Republican governor said divisive speech motivated Dylann Roof to gun down nine black parishioners at historic Emanuel AME Church. Police have said the white 22-year-old charged with their killings wanted to start a race war.The Confederate flag that Roof was seen brandishing in photos had to be removed from the Statehouse grounds, she said, and she supports sending the rebel flag in The Citadel s chapel to a museum too. But she opposes renaming buildings or monuments associated with the state s racist past.Haley, who endorsed then-candidate Marco Rubio ahead of South Carolina s primary, said she has vocally criticized Trump because  I know what that rhetoric can do. I saw it happen. Source: Crooks and LiarsHere is the video:Haley is right. Since Trump began running for president, hate crimes against Muslims have escalated. He inspired at least one hate crime against a Latino man. Trump is certainly winning with the white supremacist voting bloc.None of this is exactly new and in fact, Trump may be more of a symptom than a cause. According to the Southern Policy Law Center, extremist groups have been growing, and that started before Trump announced his run for the presidency.The timing doesn t excuse Trump from blame, though. Like any good marketing person (and we have to admit that Trump is that, if nothing else), Trump saw the insidious trend and ran with it. It didn t hurt his cause that he was already very comfortable with racist, xenophobic rhetoric. It didn t hurt his cause that he s probably sincere in his hatred, but as the SPLC notes, it s the job of our leaders to act like adults. After seeing the bloodshed that defined 2015, our politicians should have worked to defuse this anger and bring us together as a nation,  Mark Potok, editor of the report, wrote.  Unfortunately, the carnage did little to dissuade some political figures from spouting incendiary rhetoric about minorities. In fact, they frequently exploited the anger and polarization across the country for political gain. Source: PS MagThat is the most dangerous kind of cynicism. It s clear that Trump doesn t care if a civil war breaks out. Hell, he d be cheering people on. Trump has one goal and only one goal, and that is to become Dictator in Chief. It doesn t matter who is killed along the way.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
6030," Report: Clinton May Pick Elizabeth Warren As Her V.P., Harry Reid Leading Effort","Speculation has been mounting recently that Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton will choose Senator Elizabeth Warren as her running mate.Some Democrats have been weary on the idea, seeing it as weakening the Democrat s chances of taking back the Senate in November (Massachusetts has a Republican governor).For a while, such a move was up in the air. But a recent report from the Boston Globe shows that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has been reviewing the Massachusetts rules for filling a U.S. Senate vacancy:Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has been actively reviewing Massachusetts rules for filling a US Senate vacancy, another indication of the seriousness with which Democrats are gaming out the possibility of Elizabeth Warren joining likely presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s ticket.The upshot of Reid s review is that Senate Democrats may have found an avenue to block or at least narrow GOP Governor Charlie Baker s ability to name a temporary replacement and prevent the Senate from flipping to a Democratic majority if Warren were to leave the chamber. That suggests the issue is not as significant an obstacle as Reid previously feared.A source close with Reid told the Globe that he is researching all avenues to keep Warren s name alive and well in the hunt for a highly anticipated vice presidential slot that will come within the next several months. Reid s actions also come as a surprise to the Democratic circles, as he just recently went on the record saying he does not think the former Secretary should pick a candidate from a state with a Republican governor. As the Globe notes:In the event of a Senate or House vacancy, Massachusetts currently requires a special election to be held within 145 to 160 days. In the interim, the governor has the authority to appoint a successor. But Reid s team has identified a portion of the law that allows an officeholder to start the special election clock by filing a resignation letter, but also announcing an intention to vacate the seat at a later date.In theory, Warren could file such a letter 145 days before the Jan. 20, 2017 inauguration and successfully block Baker from picking any temporary replacement.But should she do that, run as a V.P. candidate with Clinton and lose, Warren would have to run for election in that vacant seat.Given her immense popularity in the state, such a feat wouldn t be too hard for the liberal firebrand. Not surprisingly, Warren s office has not commented on the vice presidential speculations.The best thing to happen to the Democratic Party would be to have Elizabeth Warren on the White House ticket. She s already proven she can get under Donald Trump s skin, and she has already proven that she knows the issues and how to solve America s problems. Who better to help take on the sexist fraud that is Donald Trump. The Democrats would be electrified like they were in 2008 with Warren on the ticket. Democrats shouldn t waste this opportunity (unless Warren is adamant she doesn t want the job).Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6031, May Jobs Report And Unemployment Rate Bleak – Guess Who’s To Blame? (Hint: It’s Not Obama),"After a shaky jobs report in April, May had a downright terrible showing, on which Republicans have already pounced as evidence of supposedly  failed  Democratic policy. They re busy going after both Obama and Hillary Clinton for this dismal report as hard as they can. In fact, GOP chairman Reince Priebus tweeted:Devastating jobs report showing weakest hiring in 5 yrs is sign we need to move away from failed Obama policies Clinton is promising to keep  Reince Priebus (@Reince) June 3, 2016Donald Trump, never one to pass up an opportunity to pretend he knows everything, pounced, too, tweeting: Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2016President Obama has been working hard to polish his image on the economy, and this report could very easily tarnish and dent it. That s especially true with the paradox of a falling unemployment rate paired with an abysmal jobs report. The falling unemployment rate is almost entirely due to more than 450,000 people dropping out of the labor force in May. That makes it a misleading statistic, and therefore, a black eye for Obama. Right?Wrong. There s evidence suggesting that someone else could be to blame for this, like Donald Trump and his supporters.Uneducated white people a.k.a the average Trump voter had ten times the impact on the unemployment rate that they should have, given the size of their demographic compared to the overall population. It s true that employment in this demographic has been destroyed by globalization and automation, which is why they support Trump. They like his protectionist mentality and his business credentials (if, indeed, they can be called that).While yes, exit polls during certain states  primaries showed that Trump s voters may actually be better off economically than their Democratic counterparts, some of that may be due to the fact that Republican voters tend to be wealthier than Democratic voters. They also tend to turn out for primaries far more than Democratic voters.Other analyses have found that Trump s main demographic is, in fact, the poor, white, uneducated, working-class male, despite what exit polls from state primaries said. Trump solidified his hold on the GOP s nomination in May, and his job-creation rhetoric resonates heavily with this group. Could his promises of bringing jobs back be making people drop out of the labor force?The jobs report showed serious declines in both construction and manufacturing, which are two of the main industries in which these people tend to work. Trump keeps promising he ll bring their jobs back from overseas, and he ll spur all kinds of economic activity here, and these voters eat it up like candy.Dropping out of the labor force and voting Republican implies that these voters think others should just pick themselves up by their bootstraps (finish high school, get a degree, learn a new trade, etc.) but they themselves shouldn t have to. They can sit and wait until Trump is elected, and then their jobs will come flowing back, they ll be working again, and all will be right with the world.There s no way to know for sure whether this is true right now, but Trump s outsized influence over these people could easily have convinced them to drop out of the labor force and just wait for him to get elected and solve their employment woes for them.Featured image by Clyde Robinson. Licensed under CC BY 2.0 via Flickr",0
6032, Hispanic GOP Commentator Slams Trump For His Racist Comments And Fraudulent University,"Ana Navarro, a Republican strategist, commentator, and Hispanic woman, seems to despise her party s presidential candidate   and for good reason.While appearing on CNN s The Situation Room, Navarro went on a tangent against Donald Trump after his recent comments regarding Trump University judge Gonzalo Cruiel. Saying that Trump  changes more positions than yoga,  Navarro blasted the billionaire mogul for his racism and blatant disregard of the Constitution: I gotta  tell you, I m a lawyer, I am a Hispanic   it is offensive from a legal perspective, it is highly offensive as a Hispanic. What he is doing is wagging the dog. He is trying to distract from the fact he has got a problem with a case where there are allegations that his business is a scam and a fraud.  How dare he, how dare he question a judge s responsibility, a judge s adherence to the Constitution because he is of Mexican descent. Then Navarro got personal, and cut Donald Trump to the bone with some cold hard facts about Mexicans and people of Hispanic descent: This man was born in eastern Chicago. He s an American citizen. He is just as American as Donald Trump. Mexican Americans bleed just as any other American when they go to war. They bled, just as any other American on 9/11. They fight for America, they are America. And what he is doing is disgusting, I am livid about it. If this is his strategy to win over Hispanics, he s got a hell of a wake up call coming to him in November. Only Donald Trump could piss off two influential Hispanic Republican women   first Susana Martinez, and now Ana Navarro. What a great strategy Trump has, as Navarro sarcastically pointed out.Currently, only 14 percent of Hispanics have a favorable rating of Donald Trump. Among nonwhite women, which includes Hispanics and Latinas, the number is a record low 9 percent.And what is Trump doing to get their vote? Absolutely nothing. No wonder Navarro is pissed. Republicans had a chance to reach out to Hispanic and Latino voters after their 2012 autopsy and they chose the guy who would do the exact opposite.Navarro is right, he is wagging the dog. Trump honestly believes he can win with just the white male vote. And Navarro is right again   he is going to have one huge wake up call on election day.Watch Navarro s scathing take down of Trump:.@ananavarro takes on @realDonaldTrump for his comments about judge in Trump University case https://t.co/NZgH3zkuxC https://t.co/m9IMVpxzy1  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) June 3, 2016Featured image via screen capture",0
6033, ‘My African-American’: Watch Donald Trump’s Racist Meltdown (VIDEO),"Donald Trump pointed out a black person in the crowd at a rally in Redding, CA, and said,  Look at my African-American. Trump s bizarre comment comes a day after Secretary Hillary Clinton eviscerated him in a foreign policy address and labeled him as  unfit  for the presidency. Clinton pressed her attack earlier the next day with a release pointing out that Trump  literally said all those things  after he claimed she had simply made up his strange positions on world affairs.The Clinton campaign noted,  Some of the comments she referenced are so ignorant, incoherent or outrageous, it could be hard to believe they actually came out of the mouth of the GOP s presidential nominee. But they literally did. It also follows a week in which he was criticized by President Obama, who while not using his name also ripped apart his divisive rhetoric and ideas while touting the economic recovery in Elkhart, Indiana. Obama said Trump s proposal to roll back regulations on Wall Street was  crazy,  and that his plan to deport 11 million immigrants was simply a  fantasy. Obama noted,  If that is what you are concerned about, the economy, the debate is not even close. On the same day, Trump doubled down on his criticism of federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the Trump University case in which former students allege they were swindled out of their money. Trump repeatedly claimed, in an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper, that the judge could not be impartial because of his  Mexican heritage  even when he was told that the man is an American citizen born in Indiana.Hillary Clinton responded to Trump s smear of the judge s racial background, pointing out the is  a man born in Indiana, which last time I checked was part of America. Trump s remarks on the judge were rejected by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, who endorsed Trump for president.Featured image via YouTube",0
6034, Michelle Obama EVISCERATES Hateful Trump In Final Commencement Speech And It Is GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"Our beautiful First Lady Michelle Obama used her final commencement address to take aim at GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, and it was absolutely glorious. Taking to the stage at the City College of New York before the graduates, Mrs. Obama pulled no punches. There was no need to mention Trump by name, as there could be no doubt as to whom she was talking about. She began: Here in America, we don t give into our fears. We don t build up walls to keep people out, because we know that our greatness has always depended on contributions from people who were born elsewhere but sought out this country and made it their home. After that, Mrs. Obama continued to take aim at him: Some folks out there today seem to have a very different perspective. They seem to view our diversity as a threat to be contained rather than as a resource to be tapped. They tell us to be afraid of those who are different, to be suspicious of those with whom we disagree.They act as if name-calling is an acceptable substitute for thoughtful debate, as if anger and intolerance should be our default state, rather than the optimism and openness that have always been the engine of our progress.I have seen what happens when ideas like these take hold. I have seen how leaders who rule by intimidation, leaders who demonize and dehumanize entire groups of people, often do so because they have nothing else to offer. That is not who we are. It seems that no one, even our First Lady, can resist slamming Trump. Michelle Obama has largely been quiet on the 2016 race. She has endorsed no one, and she has slammed no one   until now. That really says something about how out of control Trump is, that she felt compelled to do so. This speech also makes a huge impact with its timing, because everyone is still talking about Thursday s brilliantly fiery speech from Hillary Clinton, in which the Democratic frontrunner laid into Trump like no one has ever done before.Of course, Mrs. Obama could not, as a sitting First Lady rather than a political candidate, use a commencement speech to go after Trump by name in the brutal fashion that Secretary Clinton did. However, that doesn t matter. Her message was loud, clear, and true: Trump s ideas are dangerous, and they have no place in America at all, much less in the White House.Watch a few clips of this incredible speech below, via The Hill: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6035," Legal Scholars Worried Trump Would Break Laws, Be Worse Than Nixon","What happens when conservative lawyers from the Cato Institute, Georgetown University and the Hoover Institution get together?Well, besides their opposition to Obamacare, they all come to the conclusion that Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for President of the United States, is bad for the law.In a recent article from the New York Times, these lawyers, all politically conservative, lambasted the billionaire mogul for his attacks against the First Amendment, individuals, the separation of powers, and the rule of law all together.In other words, these lawyers, without saying it, contend that Trump would be more crooked, more criminal, and more disastrous than Richard Nixon.Pointing out that his promise to tighten libel laws undermines the First Amendment, and that his proposal to ban Muslims from coming into the U.S. violates the Constitution s guarantees of religious freedom, due process and equal protection, attorney Ilya Sharpiro   who works with the Cato Institute   said plainly,  Who knows what Donald Trump with a pen and phone would do. But it was Volokh Conspiracy (a conservative legal blog) writer and attorney David Post who had the harshest words for Trump. Saying his comments regarding Gonzalo P. Cruiel, the judge presiding over the Trump University case, resembled  authoritarianism,  Post argues that these outbursts disqualified him: This is how authoritarianism starts, with a president who does not respect the judiciary. You can criticize the judicial system, you can criticize individual cases, you can criticize individual judges. But the president has to be clear that the law is the law and that he enforces the law. That is his constitutional obligation. So not only does Trump hate the law, he has vowed to restore Trump University after the judge s decision. This blatant disregard for the rule of law should send chills down every American s spine. If Donald Trump, a now public, political figure and possibly future president, can openly disregard the law, who s to say the average American can t?Randy E. Barnett, a law professor at Georgetown who was the architect behind the first major challenge to Obamacare, feels Trump doesn t know his limits: You would like a president with some idea about constitutional limits on presidential powers, on congressional powers, on federal powers, and I doubt he has any awareness of such limits. Richard Epstein, attorney with the Hoover Institution, was more blunt: I don t think he cares about separation of powers at all   I think Obama s been much worse on that issue [constitutional limits] pretty consistently, and his underlings have been even more so. But I think Trump doesn t even think there s an issue to worry about. He just simply says whatever I want to do I will do. I never thought the day would come when conservative lawyers would view Trump more dangerously than they do President Obama.Maybe Trump really does suck. Perhaps Republicans will begin to see the light when Hillary Clinton thrashes him on the debate stage.Featured image via Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images",0
6036, Matt Damon SHREDS Trump And Wall Street Bankers During MIT Commencement (VIDEO),"While speaking at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) commencement ceremony, Matt Damon took a moment to take a quick jab at Donald Trump. He suggested that maybe we re living in an alternate environment. One that is simulated and controlled by others, because how else could one explain Trump being the Republican presidential nominee.During his impassioned speech, Damon also told the audience of new graduates: There is more at stake today than in every story that has ever been told. He told the graduates that it is up to them and those like them to get out there and start tackling the world s many problems. However, he especially spoke of one problem, and that is what bankers did to millions of Americans during the housing crisis that took place nearly a decade ago.Damon said: Let me say this to the bankers   specifically the ones that brought you the biggest heist in history. Adding: It was theft, and you knew it. It was fraud, and you knew it. And you know what else? We know that you knew it. Also driving the point home that if we were to pass these bankers on the street, they need to know that we have absolutely no respect for them.Damon also added one very important point: I don t know if justice is coming for you in this life or the next. But if it does come in this life, her name will be Elizabeth Warren. Hell yeah it will be, and Warren, of course, being the U.S. Senator from the great state of Massachusetts where MIT resides.Damon, like many of us, is fed up with how there are rules for bankers, and then somehow different rules for the rest of us. And he also knows that there are those who are fighting for us, those like Senator Warren, who will try to make sure another financial crisis like the one a decade ago never happens again.Watch a clip from Damon s speech here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6037, Trump’s Top Adviser Just Fantasized About Waterboarding Hillary Clinton On CNN (VIDEO),"When CNN held a discussion about the investigation surrounding Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server, Trump campaign senior adviser Barry Bennett stunned host Kate Bolduan and everyone watching by casually mentioning waterboarding.Bennett said: She has continued to lie about it. She told us the lawyers signed off on it. The Inspector General said that s not true. She said she would cooperate with all the investigations. She stonewalled the IG and now everyone s taken the fifth. You couldn t get the truth out of Hillary if you waterboarded her! Questioning Clinton s honesty is a strange thing coming from an advisor to Trump   there is an endless amount of evidence showing Trump lying through his teeth on just about any subject, whether it s denying he said something or fabricating facts. And physically punishing Clinton is the golden standard for the Trump campaign   the presumptive Republican nominee has repeatedly threatened to throw Clinton in jail over her emails.Once Bennett said the word  waterboard,  Bolduan was nearly speechless, and obviously could not believe what she d just witnessed. All she could manage to get out was,  What? Bennett shamelessly repeated it for her:  You couldn t get the truth out of her with a waterboard. In complete disbelief, Bolduan said,  And you brought in waterboarding! Hearing this from Bennett is no surprise. Throughout his entire campaign, Trump has mentioned waterboarding and shown a disturbing interest in torture techniques that are  worse than waterboarding . In March, right after the Brussels terror attacks, Trump said, I d go further. I d listen to the military people, but I d go further. And by the way, torture works. In April, the offensive candidate even said,  I love it, I think it s great  when he spoke about waterboarding. And the apple doesn t fall far from the tree   Trump s son Eric once said that waterboarding was  no different  than  what happens in frat houses every day.  It s really no wonder why Trump attracts such violent advisors, delegates and voters.You can watch this ridiculous interview below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6038, Armed White Thugs Hunt Down Black Teen Until He Collapses And Dies,"A 16-year-old is dead after a group of white thugs threatened to gun him down and chased him until he collapsed and died from an asthma attack.Dayshen McKenzie and his friend Harry met up with the group behind a restaurant and an argument over a girl escalated into threats of violence and a chase that had McKenzie running for his life.According to Harry,  The guy said,  You got a problem?  And my (friend) said,  You got a problem?  and it went on. They left, and they came back three cars deep. The guy in the first car had a gun. The white thugs literally tried to hunt McKenzie down like a wild animal but he forgot his inhaler that day so when he needed it he didn t have it. But he wouldn t have had an asthma attack in the first place had he not been chased down by a bunch of gun-wielding racists.Former police officer Diane Fatigati came forward as a witness after trying to save McKenzie with the use of CPR. But she was unable to revive the teen. To me, it s murder,  she said.  They were chasing him   that s a crime. You re hunting them because they re black   You re calling them a n****r. To me, it s a hate crime. McKenzie s mother, Tisha Richardson is sad and angry over the senseless killing of her son. I want justice for him. Somebody should be held accountable,  she said.Needless to say, police are investigating McKenzie s death but yet another young black man is dead at the hands of racists in 21st century America.But we can likely expect even more of these killings if Donald Trump becomes president. After all, he encourages violence and intimidation of black people and has even promised to pay the legal bills for supporters who are arrested when they actually do what Trump tells them to do.In addition, Trump has made racist rhetoric more of a norm that is no longer shocking people like it once did in political campaigns of the past.You can bet white supremacists are salivating at the thought of Trump becoming president because they think they ll have a license to intimidate and kill black people whenever they want without consequences. Because right now, the only way they can do that is to get hired by the police.Featured Image: New York Daily News ",0
6039, WATCH: Obama Just EMBARRASSED The NRA By Ripping Apart Every Single Pro-Gun Myth,"For the first four years of Barack Obama s presidency I chided him for being too nice to the Stupid Part of America. As they spread ridiculous conspiracy theories about him   that he s really from Kenya, that he once worked as a  gay prostitute  to support his cocaine habit, that he s secretly a shapeshifting lizard person, and, yes, that he is coming for every single gun any day now   the President opted to sit back and absorb the attacks as he focused on more important issues. Eventually, it seems, he realized that as long as he entertained such monumentally stupid notions without taking a few minutes of his time to obliterate them those who spend their lives spewing such nonsense will not give him the opportunity to focus on what is actually important.Lately, the claws have come out. The President is no longer willing to simply accept the lies spread by the NRA, Fox News, Republican politicians, and other right-wing groups without stepping in to correct the record. Gun shop owner Doug Rhude is a product of the misinformation throws around by the Right. During a Q+A session following PBS News Hour, we were treated to the perfect example of what happens when misinformation, lies, and bigotry are allowed to bounce around a bubble for the better part of a decade:Knowing that we apply common sense to other issues in our society, specifically like holding irresponsible people accountable for their actions when they drink and drive and kill somebody, and we do that without restricting control of cars and cells phones to the rest of us, the good guys, why then do you and Hillary want to control and restrict and limit gun manufacturers, gun owners and responsible use of guns and ammunition to the rest of us, the good guys, instead of holding the bad guys accountable for their actions?As is customary, Rhude used Chicago as his go-to example of something, demanding to know why  thugs  (the go-to conservative replacement word for  n*ggers ) in the city are hell-bent on murdering each other. After taking a moment to process the almost off-the-scale stupidity contained in Rhude s statement/question, Obama politely yet brutally hit him with a massive truth bomb:First of all, the notion that I or Hillary or Democrats or whoever you want to choose are hell-bent on taking away folks  guns is just not true.And I don t care how many times the NRA says it. I m about to leave office. There have been more guns sold since I have been president than just about any time in U.S. history. There are enough guns for every man, woman and child in this country.And at no point have I ever, ever proposed confiscating guns from responsible gun owners. So it s just not true. What I have said is precisely what you suggested, which is, why don t we treat this like every other thing that we use?  Obama continued, pointing to another favorite right-wing go-to topic: auto fatality rates. Previously, conservatives were able to mindlessly point out that  more people are killed by cars  than guns. Unfortunately for them and fortunately for the rest of us, regulations and laws have decreased the automobile fatality rate to beneath the level of gun violence. The auto fatality rate has actually dropped precipitously, drastically, since I was a kid,  Obama said, asking rhetorically what is the cause of that. The President informed Rhude that   thanks to numerous regulations, lots of studies, and a strong and continuing effort    we have been able to reduce the number of people who die in cars. No one took everyone s cars away   we simply arrived at the common sense decision to actually deal with the problem. We are not allowed  to do any of that when it comes to guns because if you propose anything, it is suggested that we re trying to take away gun rights and impose martial law,  Obama pointed out, adding that we can t so much as study gun violence because Republicans in Congress have actually passed laws preventing this public health issue from being researched. The notion is that by studying it the same way we do with traffic accidents somehow it s going to lead to everyone s guns being confiscated,  Obama pointed out. I just came from a meeting today in the Situation Room in which I got people who we know have been on ISIL Web sites, living here in the United States, U.S. citizens, and we re allowed to put them on the no-fly list when it comes to airlines, but because of the National Rifle Association, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun,  the President told Rhude.  This is somebody who is a known ISIL sympathizer. And if he wants to walk in to a gun store or a gun show right now and buy as much   as many weapons and ammo as he can, nothing s prohibiting him from doing that, even though the FBI knows who that person is. Then he dropped the hammer:So, sir, I just have to say, respectfully, that there is a way for us to have commonsense gun laws. There is a way for us to make sure that lawful, responsible gun owners like yourself are able to use them for sporting, hunting, protecting yourself, but the only way we re going to do that is if we don t have a situation in which anything that is proposed is viewed as some tyrannical destruction of the Second Amendment. And that s how the issue too often gets framed.While it is unlikely that Rhude, or any other right-wingers who heard the President s words, learned a single thing, one thing is for certain: It s nice to see Barack Obama standing up for himself.Watch it yourself below: Featured image via video screen captures",0
6040, Watch Morning Joe’s Mika DESTROY Paul Ryan For Endorsing Trump: ‘He Sold Out’ (VIDEO),"Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has been getting slammed ever since the moment he announced his endorsement of Donald Trump   and that s not going to stop anytime soon.On Friday morning, Morning Joe s Mika Brzezinski didn t hesitate to rip Ryan a new one for being  pathetic  and  weak  enough to cave in and support the disgraced presumptive Republican nominee. A visibly frustrated Brzezinski said,  Yet another Republican goes down, for no reason, with no actual information about what convinced him. Guest panelist Mark Halperin tried to defend Ryan against Brzezinski s wrath by saying that Ryan basically  had no choice,  but Brzezinski wasn t having any of it. She went right into a scathing rant about what a bad move it was. She said: To your line about Ryan had no choice, which is pathetic, because this election is unlike any other, the rule book has been thrown out. So that no choice thing? Put it back into the 80 s and 90 s and early 2000 s, because there are new rules.This is just so sad. Paul Ryan   the guy who I think is the Republican s great hope   is an honest, good, principled man of character. What is he   if he had a good reason, I m all for it.Brzezinski criticized Ryan for not being able to  live by his principles  and had a very special message for the House Speaker: Paul? He s not going to do anything for you because you did this. He s not going to pay you back. It s pathetic, he sold out. I m sorry, he did have a choice and he made one that was weak. You can watch Brzezinski tear Ryan a new one below:This is a definite change from Morning Joe s history of supporting Trump. Earlier this year, the hosts were humiliated and exposed when leaked audio was circulated of Brzezinki and co-host Joe Scarborough expressing their support and fawning all over Trump during commercial breaks when he was on their show. Perhaps that s changed now, unless this is just another facade   but judging from Trump s reaction, it might have been real. When Trump caught wind of Brzezinki s comments, he attacked the show:Featured image via Paul Morigi and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
6041, Hillary Responds To Trump On Twitter And HILARIOUSLY Fact Checks Him (TWEET),"To say Hillary Clinton wiped the floor with Donald Trump during her foreign policy speech is being far too polite. She demolished him. She hit him, and hit him repeatedly   hard. Going after him in regards to everything he s said over the past year and how utterly dangerous and reprehensible he would be as Commander-in-Chief.She hit him so hard, in fact, that Trump got very, very flustered. He responded in a speech clearly sweating and angrily shaking the podium. I mean, after all, how dare a woman call him out so astutely and with such bravado.Trump also took to Twitter the next day still not over it, and still not knowing how to spell teleprompter. Trump tweeted out: In Crooked Hillary s telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest! In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2016Noticing the tweet was the Hillary campaign, who quickly tweeted out not only that everything she said was true, but fact checked him line by line. It was pure poetry, saying: You literally said all those things. Then posted a link to everything that was said.You literally said all those things. https://t.co/6VX5AfR7gL https://t.co/U8LfWdPU7x  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 3, 2016For example, Hillary said during her speech: He says he doesn t have to listen to our generals or ambassadors, because he has   quote    a very good brain. She then lists exactly what Trump said:TRUMP:  I m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I ve said a lot of things my primary consultant is myself And there are far too many to list here, so go check out every line by line fact check HERE.Something tells me as the election heats up, and if Hillary is the Democratic nominee, we re going to be seeing a lot more of this, and it s going to be f*cking awesome.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt   Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images",0
6042, This Explains A Lot: Donald Trump’s Son Says He Gets His Political Views From A Michael Bay Movie,"Director Michael Bay is perhaps best known for his over-the-top, CGI-crazy  Transformers  movies. He regularly deals in the kind of popcorn action flicks that allows an audience to turn their brains off and just go along for a ride. Or, if your Eric Trump, son of Donald, Michael Bay can change your life.Over Memorial Day weekend, Eric came across Michael Bay s Republican-friendly take on the Benghazi  scandal  called  13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi . It blew his mind.Eric Trump and his wife, Lara, apparently spent part of the Memorial Day weekend watching the Benghazi flick, which Trump s son said made him  literally livid. I think in order to vote in this next election, you should have to watch that movie. I was livid,  Trump said.  She left these guys on a rooftop in the middle of Benghazi getting shot at, having mortars drop on their head because she wouldn t pick up a phone call in the middle of the night. Like father, like son. Donald Trump has routinely slammed Hillary Clinton s response to Benghazi by pushing the conspiracy theory that claimed she ignored her phone when the frantic embassy staff tried to get help. This is an idea that Michael Bay   whose own political views oscillate between ultra-conservative and slow-motion shots of American flags waving in the wind   reinforced in his movie by adding a feckless bureaucrat character whose sole purpose in the story was to get in the way of the light beer drinking patriots driving to save the embassy. In a scathing review of the film, critic Jason Bailey at Flavorwire aptly summed up the  cartoon bullshit  Bay tried to pass for political messaging. It s like catnip for conservatives.In fact, the film s real villains aren t the faceless, nameless Libyans attacking these outposts; it s the pencil-pushing, weaselly base chief (David Constabile), who insults and obstructs our heroes at every turn.  We have the best and brightest minds from Harvard and Yale,  he tells newbie Jack (John Krasinski), of the agents on their base, so  the best thing for you is to stay out of their way.  Fuckin  smart people, am I right? He also, of course, insists there s no danger to be found, and orders the team to stand down and wait after they get word of the attack on Ambassador Stevens   a detail refuted by a GOP-controlled congressional committee, as reported by Fox News, but there I go getting political.Of course, basing your political views on Michael Bay s portrayal of a contentious event means you are inevitably going to miss some stuff: Like many of the facts. Here s how Factcheck.org ruled on the accusation that Clinton was AWOL in the immediate aftermath of the attacks:Trump is entitled to his opinion about Clinton s response to the Benghazi attack, but the evidence shows Clinton was fully engaged in the immediate response. And subsequent congressional investigations concluded the government response to the attack   including Clinton s   was appropriate. Clinton testified that even after she went home that night, she remained awake all night, engaged and focused on the situation. Since there is no way to independently verify that, we ll let readers decide for themselves, but we would note Trump has not provided any evidence to contradict Clinton s account.Both Donald and Eric are wrong. And wrong in ways that only people who routinely get their news from tabloids and right-wing chain emails can be. Even a cursory look into the actual details of what went on during the Benghazi attacks would show a situation that was far more nuanced and tragic than the black-and-white nonsense they are describing. Ironically, it s this very ham-fisted attempt to lash out at Hillary Clinton that truly does a disservice to the three Americans that died at the embassy. Their deaths are being used by the Trump family to service Donald s agenda. There is nothing more despicable than that.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6043, This HILARIOUS Cartoon Shows What Happened Just Before Paul Ryan Endorsed Trump,"Political cartoons are usually awesomely hilarious, and they also generally have more than a little truth to them. Case in point   a cartoon posted on the Washington Post s opinion blog today that needed no words when showing just what happened as House Speaker Paul Ryan finally lost what little spine he had and endorsed Donald Trump.You see, Speaker Ryan, for a very short time, actually strongly resisted Trump. He rightly called Trump s plans to ban all Muslims from traveling to the United States  Un-American,  and he also called Trump out for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of former Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon David Duke and other white supremacist organizations. However, all of Paul Ryan s concerns about Trump have suddenly gone out the window, and the spineless Speaker of the House is now happily endorsing the brainless, bombastic, racist narcissist who is now the official 2016 GOP presidential nominee.The thing is, Ryan s infamous spinelessness is what is behind this endorsement. From his previous statements, he clearly knows how absolutely dangerous Trump is, but he doesn t care. He, like other GOPers who initially resisted Trump are content to put party before country   and hell, even before the safety of the world and the human race as we know it   and happily take it up the ass from Trump if it means keeping Democrats out of power.So, without further ado, here is just what happened as Paul Ryan jumped on the Trump Train:And there you have it. Keep kissing the dirtiest asshole in America, Speaker Ryan. Goodness knows it s what you deserve.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6044, New Poll Has Clinton Beating Trump By Eleven Points – Her Largest Lead Yet,"While the media continues to push the narrative that Trump is catching up to Clinton, painting a  doomsday  scenario for Clinton s campaign, such a sentiment couldn t be further from the truth.A new poll from Reuters/Ipsos shows Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton leading the Republican candidate Donald Trump by eleven points (her largest lead yet), 46-35, while 19 percent weren t sure or responded with someone else. This newest poll shows even more good news for Clinton: just last week, the same poll had her up by only five points.Clinton also (not surprisingly) leads Donald Trump in favorability. A staggering 60 percent of respondents polled said they have an unfavorable rating, while 40 percent approved of the Republican blowhard. On top of that, President Obama s approval rating is at 52 percent, which is good news for Democrats. One of the deciding factors in presidential elections is the incumbent s approval rating.Clinton has been hitting Trump harder than ever this past week, highlighting his bad temperament, and the impending Trump University case that stands before him. Given Trump s open hostility to the judge in the case, Democrats should be feeling pretty good about how it s going to pan out.In total, over 1,600 people were polled, a sizable number.It s also worth noting that Reuters also had Trump beating Clinton just three weeks ago by less than a percentage. As Clinton steps up her attacks, voters begin to flock to her.That s what happens when qualified women take on a loud, racist, sexist bully. Come September, when those two square off on the debate stage, Clinton will tear him to shreds, and the poor sap won t have his Twitter account pulled up to  counter  her   and that s assuming he doesn t chicken out of a debate like he did with Sanders.As the months go forward, team Clinton is ready to take on Trump and his ilk. Expanding their ever growing staff   over 800   in comparison to Trump s 100, Clinton is laying the groundwork for a bare knuckle brawl that will go until every vote is counted on November 8th.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6045, Trump Makes New Racist Attack On Judge Exposing Trump University (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is very upset at the judge overseeing the ongoing lawsuit in which the allegation is being made that his Trump University was nothing more than a sophisticated scam designed to separate regular Americans from their hard earned money. Despite the Republican nominee s attempts to detract attention away from the case, new revelations keep coming out that show the reality TV star s involvement in unsavory business practices.So Trump has been lashing out at the judge, and in explicitly racist terms. Trump went there once again in an interview with the Wall Street Journal.Donald Trump is claiming that a judge with Mexican heritage who is overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University has an  inherent conflict of interest  given the presumptive GOP nominee s rhetoric on immigration.[ ] I m building a wall. It s an inherent conflict of interest,  Trump told the Journal.So what Trump is saying is that since he is  building a wall  between the United States and Mexico, he can t be subject to judicial oversight from an American citizen with Mexican heritage.CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin accurately debunked the insanity of Trump s allegation, noting that: The ethnicity of the judge is not in it of itself a grounds for recusal, ever. And that is a claim that Trump   under the First Amendment   is certainly allowed to make, but it is completely wrong under the law. Trump is angry because the documents exposed by the Trump University suit (and ongoing fraud case from the New York state attorney general) show that Trump University sales people were told to target vulnerable customers in order to pressure them to buy expensive and worthless real estate training. Trump University documents said that struggling parents should be targeted, as should people who clearly could not afford the training who were pressured to increase their lines of credit using high pressure boiler room tactics.In response to the Trump University revelations, Hillary Clinton called Trump a  fraud,  and now he continues to lash out in a highly racist way, which has been the cornerstone of his presidential campaign.Featured image via YouTube",0
6046, Trump Responds To Devastating Clinton Attack By Slamming Her Looks,"After former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton unloaded on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in a major foreign policy speech on Thursday, the candidate responded not with substance or facts, but with a petulant tirade focused on how Clinton looks and sounds. That was a phony speech,  the presumptive Republican presidential nominee said at a rally in San Jose, Calif.  That was a Donald Trump hit job. His response to Mrs. Clinton s speech seemed to focus more on style than substance. She does not look presidential,  he said.  My temperament is so much tougher and so much better than her temperament. He crowned the Democratic front-runner with the insulting title he has long reserved for former rival Sen. Ted Cruz, whom he called  Lyin Ted. Lying, crooked Hillary,  he said at the rally.  She made up my foreign policy. In her speech, which many observers described as the best she has delivered in the campaign, Clinton picked apart Trump s extreme rhetoric point-by-point. She plainly explained that  like many across our country and around the world, I believe the person the Republicans have nominated for President cannot do the job. She described his ideas as  bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies,  and said he is  not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes  because  it s not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin. Clinton went on to describe President Obama s decision to make the call to kill Osama bin Laden as  as crisp and courageous a display of leadership as I ve ever seen  and contrasted that with  Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room, making life-or-death decisions on behalf of the United States.  She concluded,  making Donald Trump our commander-in-chief would be a historic mistake. Trump didn t respond to Clinton s speech on substance, nor did he address the points she made about the style of his decision making. Instead he went after how she looks and speaks. Thin skin, indeed.Featured image via YouTube",0
6047, Former Mexican President Challenges Trump To A Debate – In Mexico,"As Donald Trump continues to attack Mexicans, with his recent comments surrounding the Trump University lawsuit judge, Mexico s former president has one message for the GOP frontrunner: debate me.After chickening out of a debate with Bernie Sanders, Vicente Fox, who served as president of Mexico from 2000 to 2006, challenged the frontrunner to a televised encounter in San Cristobal, Mexico (with a free lunch included). In an interview on Rita Crosby s radio program  Election Central,  Fox said: I m willing to come here, to come here, to the States, if it s for a debate. A direct personal debate with him. Yes, we can use national broadcasting, public broadcasting. With you, we can do that debate. Fox then went on to jab Trump over his $10 million request for a debate, and said that a debate would be focused on ideas and not the overly sensationalist: One condition   that it s done in Mexico   because I need him to see what Mexico is all about, to see what we Mexicans are all about. He will change his attitude toward Mexico    would expect that he would listen to my arguments, that he would put his arguments on the table, but we both are obliged to document, to sustain with facts and numbers what we re saying, and not just lying or cheating to people. So, let s see if Trump will take his first opportunity at being  presidential  and have a cordial, factual conversation with a foreign leader. When he s not busy praising Putin or Jong-un, maybe he can take the time to actually listen to a real leader (one that doesn t rule with an authoritarian fist).But seeing how Trump is a chicken, and doesn t like to engage in a mature manner, the debate with Fox will be as likely as the one with Sanders. And of course Trump wouldn t dare take the bait, because once Fox proves that his people aren t what Trump paints them out to be, there goes his best talking point to his racist supporters.Featured image via Flickr",0
6048, Right-Wing Restaurant Owner Who Hates Welfare Recipients Busted For Welfare Fraud,"If you ever needed any more proof that conservatives are hypocrites, this is it.Michael Tassone is an anti-Obama restaurant owner who turned his diner into the perfect place for racist conservatives to eat out.His  American Diner  in Liverpool, New York, which has been featured in a story on Fox News, even has a menu filled with items that make it clear how much he hates President Obama and the First Family.There s a meal called  Dictator Obama  that sells for $3.69 but comes with a $27 tax. And then there s the  Anti-Michelle Obama Don t Tell Me What To Eat Or Feed My Kids Burger,  which is probably loaded with the most calories and fatty foods than anything else on the menu.The decor includes Gadsden flags and signs and, of course, and Tassone is vehemently pro-gun and allows open carry of firearms in his establishment, probably because he thinks the government is coming for him.Here s a video about his restaurant.It s a paradise for hungry conservatives to convene and whine about how much they hate Mulsims, Hispanics, and welfare recipients.But as it turns out, Tassone is a hypocrite just like his fellow conservatives.Over the course of two years from 2009 to 2011, Tassone committed welfare fraud by getting Medicaid benefits he was not supposed to have, and ended up owing the Onondaga County Department of Social Services over $23,000.Senior Assistant District Attorney Michael Kasmarek told Syracuse.com that Tassone committed fraud. It was Medicaid fraud. They had failed to disclose income on their application. As a result they obtained Medicaid benefits they weren t entitled to, from May 1, 2009 to April 30, 2011,  he said.Tassone was arrested in 2011 and the judge told him to pay up if he didn t want his case to end up in front of a grand jury.In the end, Tassone paid up but thinks he was unfairly  targeted  because of his extreme conservative views. Guys like me are a target,  Tassone said.  Because I speak the truth. Funny, he didn t speak the truth when he lied about his income on an application for aid.But as usual, conservatives think only they are entitled to welfare and if they get busted committing a crime they claim they are being targeted because of their political views.Featured image via Syracuse.com",0
6049, Twitter Is Merciless With Rush Limbaugh’s Thoughts On The Cincinnati Zoo’s Gorilla Controversy,"The controversy surrounding the Cincinnati Zoo s decision to kill Harambe, a 17-year old gorilla, in order to save a child has made its way into the one or two existing brain cells of people like Rush Limbaugh. We all know Limbaugh is an idiot, but what he thinks about Harambe is so stupid it s astonishing, even for him.On his Tuesday show, he went off on a tangent when discussing Harambe, saying: A lot of people think that all of us used to be apes. Don t doubt me on this. A lot of people think that all of us used to be gorillas. And they re looking for the missing link out there. The evolution crowd. They think we were originally apes. I ve always   if we were the original apes, then how come Harambe is still an ape, and how come he didn t become one of us? That s Limbaugh playing anti-science creationist right there. He never says he s a creationist, but it s pretty clear from this (and other shows) that he is. Only young-earth creationists totally reject evolution this way. Now all he has to do is agree out loud that either the Earth is young, or that man has been on the planet for billions of years (which is impossible), and he can come out as the Christian zealot he is.Twitter had a field day with this, as people are wont to do over there when someone takes the stupid farther than rational beings thought was possible:it s not everyday somebody shows their complete ignorance of basic science but dammit @rushlimbaugh you did it again.  ComicThoughtsOnTap (@Comthoughtontap) June 1, 2016 Rush Limbaugh says that evolution is false, because we still have apes, and why haven t they evolved? pic.twitter.com/Dtbv75Zcng  Penelope Douglas (@PenDouglas) June 2, 2016Confirmed: Your average 5-year-old is smarter than Rush Limbaugh re: evolution and human existence. https://t.co/7GgErUrUvu  Mark Morford (@markmorford) June 2, 2016 Dear Rush Limbaugh, you appear to be grossly confused about ape evolution. Hope this helps. pic.twitter.com/IexobvMtnL  Mickey Atwal (@MickeyAtwal) June 2, 2016 If evolution is real, how did The Monkees just put out a new album?    Rush Limbaugh  Joshua Malina (@JoshMalina) June 2, 2016  A lot of people think that all of us used to be gorillas    @rushlimbaugh No. Nobody who understands evolution thinks that.#clueless  Creation Translation (@YECTranslator) June 1, 2016Rush Limbaugh asking them most important ignorant question of the week how come Harambe was still an ape?  M. Portland Ross (@RealMessiah29) June 1, 2016 I think the bigger question, @rushlimbaugh, is how you never evolved into a human and why are you not in a zoo somewhere? #missinglink  Kevin H. MacLean (@KHMacLean) June 1, 2016It s his radio show, so he ll say what he wants no matter how ignorant it sounds, and the creationists will cheer because their mouthpiece is on the radio again speaking their gospel. It s not just the argument he makes that makes him sound so idiotic, it s also the fact that he jumped from the controversy surrounding Harambe s death to creation and evolution. The stupid just burns.Featured image by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
6050, Donald Trump Has Big Plans For Trump University After Lawsuit Is Over,"Despite all the problems plaguing Donald Trump over his failed Trump University, he says he plans to reopen it after the lawsuit is over. He believes that he ll win the case, or that it ll be dismissed or otherwise disposed of, despite overwhelming evidence that the whole scam was just that   a complete fraud. On Trump s warped planet, this whole thing just makes Trump U. a pile of gold.That s not all, though. Not only did he say he s planning to reopen it after the suit, he also plans to be president:After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 2, 2016Trump U. closed in 2010 because they couldn t afford to stay open with so few students enrolling in its $35,000 Gold program. A former employee told CBS News that the program was run into the ground, but Trump says there s tons of interest in it now. Even if that s true, the man is an unethical profiteer who will likely do the same thing again.New York s attorney general has been investigating Trump U. for fraud for a long time, and he says that Trump knew it was a fraud. For instance, he claimed in video tapes that he handpicked instructors, but later testified under oath that he never met the instructors, meaning they weren t handpicked, nor were they experts.Internal documents also show how Trump U. pushed students through increasingly expensive courses without really teaching them any of the real estate mogul s secrets. Students were left with heavy debt and little hope of making their dreams of wealth come true.Trump fancies himself a master negotiator, and keeps saying that s why he ll be a great president. He s making people think he can negotiate us out of whatever rut conservatives think we re in. However, he wields lawsuits as one of his prime negotiating tools, which very likely wasn t taught in his courses. He and his organization just fleeced students for all they were worth (and, in many cases, more).Just how does he think Trump U. will fare if he loses the suit? Or at all? This reeks of the posturing that s so typical of Trump when someone makes him look bad. The lawsuit against Trump U. has definitely made him look terrible, and he s trying to make up for it now.Featured image by Thos Robinson/Getty Images",0
6051, Report Shows Trump’s Golf Course Is Paying Migrants Slave Wages,"It would make sense why Trump claimed wages are  too high  as is, and why he supports getting rid of minimum wages standards and hates foreigners.A report-turned-documentary on HBO s Vice shows that the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai has been recruiting migrants from countries like Pakistan, promising them $3 an hour, but instead paying them just half of that. If a migrant is lucky, they will make only $231 a month.Also documented was the inhumane treatment and near enslavement of these migrants, including the confiscation of their passports so they cannot leave, and packing 20 or more migrants at a time in a small room for hours on end. Their rooms, miles outside the city and sitting in the dark desert, are infested with rats, mold and mildew.Sharing one kitchen for 100 people, and forced to bathe in troughs, the migrants are forced to relieve themselves where they wash. The bathrooms, as described in the documentary, are not fit for human use.Promising them standard eight hour shifts with the possibility of two hours overtime and a decent salary, the migrants were interested. But as the documentary shows, non of the promises were delivered.And of course Donald Trump declined to be interviewed, and instead had his organization release a statement saying Trump himself has no idea what s going on and that he doesn t take direction action in supervising, hiring, or building of entities he  lends  his name and brand to.When asked if they preferred working in Dubai or living in Pakistan, they responded with the latter.With his workers being treated with such little dignity, it s no wonder Trump has no problem being a war-hungry, xenophobic, racist monster.How can he claim to value life when his organization enslaves hard working migrants who just want to have a decent salary?Here is a clip form the documentary detailing just a sliver of the conditions:Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6052, Medical Examiner Finally Releases Report On Death Of Music Icon Prince,"The world reeled when beloved musical icon Prince Rogers Nelson   known simply as  Prince    suddenly died at the age of 57 on April 21 of this year. Music and pop culture lovers everywhere have mourned this iconic man s death and wondered how a seemingly healthy pop star could just drop dead at such a relatively young age, but we need wait no longer, as the medical examiner s report on the reason for his death has finally been released.Apparently, Prince was prescribed fentanyl, which is a an opioid painkiller that is even stronger than morphine. It is also said to be highly addictive. Prince s official cause of death is reported as  fentanyl toxicity,  and the medical examiner s report says that the overdose was accidental. The decedent self-administered fentanyl,  the report said.The Drug Enforcement Administration was a key part of the investigation into the superstar s death, as the prescription he was taking for pain was present when he was found unresponsive in an elevator at his Minnesota compound. It had also become known that Prince was addicted to the drug, and was reportedly working on seeking help from an addiction doctor. Unfortunately, that help did not come in time to save his life.This is the story of so many stars. They have the money and the connections to get almost anything they like for the right price, and it often ends in these kinds of tragedies. The same thing was true of Michael Jackson s untimely passing as well, and he was around the same age as Prince when we lost him as well.Prince apparently left no will to dictate who will receive his multimillion dollar estate, or who will receive the royalties from his incredibly large discography collection. A court will decide where all of his money, his properties, and other belongings will go.Rest in peace, Prince. Hopefully, your death will wake Hollywood doctors up and stop them from bowing to the wills of celebrities instead of doing what is safe and right.Featured image via Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images",0
6053, Trump Angrily Goes After Hillary’s Competency With Misspelled Tweet,"On Thursday afternoon, Hillary Clinton delivered an impassioned speech regarding foreign policy and how dangerous Donald Trump would be not only to the nation, but to the world. She delivered it well and made point after point driving home the fact that Trump simply cannot be our next president.Not taking too kindly to the fact that Clinton was going after him, Trump quickly took to his medium of choice   Twitter.Trump wrote: Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn t even look presidential! Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 2, 2016If only he knew how to spell teleprompter.And does Trump consider name-calling, explanation points and spelling incorrectly presidential? Apparently so.Oh, and yes, Trump did use a teleprompter for his foreign policy speech as well, and it was about as awkward as a 13-year-old boy asking the prettiest girl in school to the middle school spring fling.Truth be told, Trump doesn t even have the maturity level of a 13-year-old boy, probably more along the lines of a five- or six-year old. It s gotten to the point where you re waiting for him to tell people Hillary has cooties. Maybe he already has. Who s to know, really?Trump can go after Clinton all he wants on foreign policy, but the facts are the facts, and she absolutely wipes the floor with him in regards to experience. For example, he has none, and she s a former Secretary of State who is more traveled than any other Secretary of State in the history of the republic. She s brokered peace deals, for goodness sake.At the end of the day, it comes down to who can actually lead and get the job done, and Trump most certainly is not that person. No matter who the nominee is for the Democrats, they need to win in November.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6054," No, Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Are Not ‘Equally’ Hated – She Is Much More Loved","The media is reporting that Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are two of the most hated presidential candidates in U.S. election history. You have Fox News saying Clinton s bad numbers will destroy her, and you have MSNBC saying Trump s negative numbers will destroy him.Whereas the fact remains that, yes, they are both viewed unfavorably by America as a whole, there is way more than meets the eye.For starters, it should be plainly said that no, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are not  equally hated  by the American people.In fact, in 47 different categories representing a multitude of diverse Americans, Clinton is much more loved than the current Republican nominee.According to Gallup Polling:Basically anyone who isn t a white, Christian male overwhelmingly supports Clinton over Trump, and all of these demographics have a majority positive rating for the Democratic frontrunner.The only people who have a more positive view of Trump over Clinton are: highly religious, Protestant/other Christian, Mormon, male, non-Hispanic white, married men, white males, white-non college graduate, married, men over 50 and those who have some college experience. The only Christian group that backs Clinton are Catholics.According Gallup s analysis:At the risk of overgeneralization, we can say that the typical American who really likes Clinton and doesn t like Trump is a black, Hispanic or Asian female living outside the bounds of a traditional marriage and who is unreligious. The typical American who really likes Trump and doesn t like Clinton is a white male who is traditionally married, religious, and a Protestant or Mormon.In today s America, a candidate will need a diverse electorate in order to win, and Trump does not have a broad coalition to make that possible, but the media will continue to talk about Clinton s  unfavorable  rating to discredit her candidacy.So yes, Trump and Clinton are two most hated candidates in election history, but based on what information? Well, considering the majority of this country is mad up of either whites, Christians or men, it would seem that Clinton is  equal  to Trump when standard mainstream media polls are conducted.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6055," Racist Prick Spits On Black Pair, Yells N****** B*tch While Starbucks Customers Silently Watch","Are we a post-racial nation? No, we re not, no matter what conservatives like to say, and what happened at a Seattle Starbucks is just further proof of that. Dr. Bob Hughes, an associate dean at Seattle University, was sitting with a colleague, just catching up, when an openly racist jerk decided it would be fun to be a completely racist jerk as he walked on past.Hughes felt something on his hand, and then the guy called his friend a  n***** b*tch  before walking out.  That s right, f**king n***** b*tch,  he called one more time as he walked out the door. The other customers in the Starbucks just kind of sat there, doing their own things in a deafening silence that demonstrates how post-racial we re not.These are two college administrators who were dressed professionally, and just talking inside a Starbucks. KUOW.org published an essay from Dr. Hughes, in which he said: As my colleague noted, as we waited to file a police report, we both know that we can t dress ourselves out of the perception of who were are in the dominant society. She and I were dressed in the kind of professional attire anyone would expect a college administrator to be wearing in the middle of a work day, are still targets for hate.But the young man didn t see educated college administrators sitting at the table. He saw two black people and, in his twisted sense of the rules of life, our socio-economic status, educational accomplishments or our age required no respect or deference. In fact, he seemed only to see a woman of color whom he could brazenly assault in an open space with others watching. He went on to explain that it took him back to his childhood in the 1950s and  60s, where he was a black kid growing up in an all-white community, and where this kind of racist, hateful behavior was normal because of that. Silence from onlookers was normal then, and it appears it s still normal today.One woman offered to be a witness, and the manager of the Starbucks helped them file a police report. In a truly post-racial world, as Hughes said, nobody would stand for this. Nobody would have just sat there quietly. And yet, we hear all the time from conservatives that black people, and everyone else who talks about racism, are the ones who are the problem because race doesn t matter anymore.This wouldn t have happened if race didn t matter anymore.The lack of immediate consequences for the young man who did this mean he will do it more and more, without shame and without remorse. Hughes says: My guess is that next time, this young man will be more violent. Unstopped, antisocial behavior like this escalates. And he lives in a world right now where he felt safe taking these actions. He ll feel even safer doing so if we end up with a President Trump. What Hughes and his colleague endured is disgusting in 2016.Featured image via Seattle University",0
6056, Paul Ryan Thought Nobody Would Notice His Trump Endorsement During Clinton’s Speech,"House Speaker Paul Ryan is nothing but a spineless weasel. Earlier in the GOP Primary season, he seemed to actually have a bit of common decency   not to mention common sense   when he called out Trump for refusing to disavow an endorsement from a white supremacist, and when he outright said that he was not comfortable endorsing Trump. However, as it became increasingly clear that Trump was not to be stopped, Ryan started preparing to back off his attacks on the billionaire mogul by having meetings with him   clearly a preparation for an endorsement. Now, that day has come, as Speaker Ryan has officially said that he is prepared to vote for Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.Ryan s hometown newspaper, The Gazette, ran a column where the House Speaker announced his support for Trump. Ryan wrote in the column that he has been speaking with Trump, and is somehow now comfortable endorsing him, when such a short time ago he clearly was not. He wrote in the column: Through these conversations, I feel confident he (Trump) would help us turn the ideas in this agenda into laws to help improve people s lives. That s why I ll be voting for him this fall. He went on to say: But the reality is, on the issues that make up our agenda, we have more common ground than disagreement. But of course, at the core of Ryan s reasoning for endorsing a dangerous, racist narcissist for the position of leader of the free world is the fact that the GOP is putting party before country, and ultimately if they stop Clinton, they re just fine with Trump in the White House. Ryan went on to warn of what would happen if Clinton beat Trump: A Clinton White House would mean four more years of liberal cronyism and a government more out for itself than the people it serves. Quite simply, she represents all that our agenda aims to fix. And that s really what it s all about. Paul Ryan is willing to let Donald Trump literally destroy America with his hateful ideas and dangerous policy proposals and willingness to sever ties with our most important allies in order to not have a truly qualified president because he disagrees with her politically.And to top off just how absolutely spineless this man is, he had his speech uploaded to The Gazette s website during Hillary Clinton s big, anti-Trump foreign policy speech   clearly in the hopes that nobody would notice what he has done.Shame on you, Speaker Ryan. Hopefully, this is the end of your political career. One can certainly hope.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6057," Trump Is Scamming The Hell Out Of America, And Hillary Just Proved It In Under 2 Minutes (VIDEO)","People believe what they want to believe. When someone tells you they can solve your financial woes with a simple plan, you want to believe them. Donald Trump knew this and took advantage of people when they were at their most vulnerable. He promised a way to be successful, all while just simply making himself wealthy in the mean time.Well, guess what? He s finally being called out on his fraudulent scheme of  Trump University  and is even going to court over it.Also calling Donald Trump out for the scam artist that he is, is Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton.Hillary went for the jugular and with good merit, stating: Well today we are learning about another scam, the so-called Trump University. The New York Attorney General is suing Donald Trump for fraud. And his own employees testified, I want you to hear this, his own employees testified that Trump U, you can t make this up, that Trump U was a fraudulent scheme where Donald Trump enriched himself at the expense of hardworking people Also adding: Trump and his employees took advantage of vulnerable Americans encouraging them to max out their credit cards, empty their retirement savings, destroy their financial futures all while making promises they knew were false from the beginning. This is just more evidence that Donald Trump himself is a fraud. He is trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump U. Concluding: It is important that we recognize what he has done because that is usually a pretty good indicator of what he will do. And on issue after issue, we see someone who is unqualified and unfit to be President of the United States. He is absolutely unfit to be president. He has no policy experience, no diplomatic experience, no experience whatsoever except for being the true scam artist that he is. He should be condemned, not praised, and we need to make sure he is defeated this November. Watch Hillary here:Trump himself is a fraud.He s trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.https://t.co/yMt4mGLwYO  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 1, 2016Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6058, New RNC Hispanic Outreach Head’s Humiliating First Job Is To Delete All Of Her Anti-Trump Tweets,"Somebody alert Mike Rowe, the dirtiest job in America is being the Republican National Convention s Hispanic Media Director under presumptive nominee Donald Trump.Already tasked with building inroads with a group of people whom many of your fellow Republicans view as  less thans  or criminals, the job of appealing to Hispanics under the leadership of Donald Trump is a near impossibility. How demeaning is it to be a Hispanic woman working for Trump s Republican Party? The current and long-suffering Hispanic Media Director Ruth Guerra resigned. When some Republicans heard the news of Ruth Guerra had quit, they didn t feel betrayed. They felt relieved that her misery was over. I m so proud of her  for leaving, one Hispanic Republican said Wednesday night when told the news.  I don t know how she held on for this long. The woman tasked with taking her place has had the job for less than 24 hours and already had to take a humiliating first step: Purging her social media accounts of any criticisms of Trump (of which there were many).Hours before the announcement that Helen Aguirre Ferr  would be stepping into the role of working with Spanish-speaking media outlets and coordinating Hispanic outreach, she quietly deleted many of her tweets of the Trump bashing she used to regularly post. Unfortunately for her, the internet never forgets. Buzzfeed quickly found a cache of old, deleted tweets in which Ferr  seemed to have been a  Never Trump  Republican and had publicly sided with Trump rival Ted Cruz during the primaries. Ferr  now gets to be the party face of a man who actively hates both her ethnicity and gender. Trump may adore taco bowls, but his view towards Hispanic and Latinos is casually racist in a way that should be appalling to anyone living in the 21st century. Having launched his campaign by accusing Mexico of sending rapists and murderers across the border, Trump is also a big fan of using the word  Mexican  as an insult. Recently, he attempted to smear the judge presiding over his Trump University lawsuit as a biased  Mexican  incapable of doing his job. He similarly slammed New Mexico s Republican governor. (Her crime? She didn t endorse him.)Ferr  has to watch as her ethnicity is repeatedly disparaged, while actively working to get the man doing so elected. And worse, she was forced to cleanse her own misgivings from the public s view   even many that were and still are valid criticisms. Whether that s a sign of lack of personal integrity on Ferr s part or a sad statement about just how desperate Hispanic Republicans are to get any voice at all in the party is open to interpretation. Whatever the case, Ferr s job is very, very dirty.Featured image via Twitter",0
6059, RNC’s Head Of Hispanic Outreach To Step Down Because….Trump,"In 2013, a year after Mitt Romney s stunning completely predictable defeat in the presidential election, the Republican National Committee decided they needed to revamp their image. RNC head Reince Priebus told his party that they would reinvent themselves and become a more inclusive GOP   he especially wanted to reach out to Hispanic voters. Latinos are one of the fastest growing voting blocs in the country and the Republican Party needs these voters in order to win future elections. So, in order to further the party s goal, the RNC hired Mexican-American Ruth Guerra to head up their Hispanic Outreach.Everything was going very well (as well as it could go in a party that really loathes the people they are trying to reach), but then a wrench was thrown into their plans: Donald Trump. The billionaire started his campaign by slamming Hispanics. He called Mexicans criminals and rapists, he promised to build the Great Wall of  Murica and make Mexico pay for it. His entire campaign has been built on how much he hates Latinos and other minorities. This has caused problems within the party and now, according to multiple sources, it is the reason Ruth Guerra is leaving her position in the RNC.The New York Times reported:Ms. Guerra told colleagues this year that she was uncomfortable working for Mr. Trump, according to two R.N.C. aides who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the difficulties surrounding the party s standard-bearer.When Guerra was questioned about her feelings about Trump, she deflected, saying, I ve had a great nearly two years at the RNC, and I m excited for the new opportunities that I will have at AAN [American Action Network super-PAC]. Of course, she isn t going to say anything about him, her career would be ruined if she spoke out against him. Trump has absolutely no qualms about destroying people; just look at what he tried to do to Megyn Kelly when she just asked him a question he didn t like during a debate. The moment Guerra said that she s leaving because she believes the presidential nominee of the party she works for is a xenophobic asshat, she d be blackballed. Her career would never survive his wrath and she knows it. That s the reality of Trump s rise to power.Featured image via Facebook",0
6060, Top Trump Delegate Calls For America’s Current Leaders To Be ‘Killed’,"Donald Trump has already proven to America that he attracts the energy that he puts out. This has been especially true for his loyal supporters, as his racism and xenophobia have attracted white supremacists, fascists and neo-Nazis from all over the country. However, his fear mongering tactics don t just appeal to his fans. It turns out, some of the presumptive Republican nominee s delegates are just as racist and hateful, and it s creating a movement that is becoming more of a threat to America s safety with every passing day.A recent example of just how deadly Trump s supporters are can be shown with the recent words of David Riden, a top delegate to Trump who will be attending the Republican National Convention. In an interview with Mother Jones, Riden had some terrifying words for how he would like to correct our government, which he claims is  way off away from the Constitution right now. His solution would be to slaughter America s current leaders (aka President Barack Obama) for not satisfying his highly inaccurate interpretation of the U.S. Constitution. And in case you felt that might have just been an exaggeration, Riden was kind enough to clarify what he meant so there s no room for interpretation. He said: The polite word is  eliminated.  The harsh word is  killed. Riden continued to say that these  certain  leaders should be killed  by American citizens with weapons. And if people have tanks, assault weapons, if they have bombs   they need to have the weaponry necessary to be able to overthrow the federal government. In Riden s perfect world, America looks like this: (P)eople have the right to assemble, bear arms, go to Washington, DC, or wherever necessary, and go into military battle against the government and replace those in government with individuals that will uphold the Constitution. It s no surprise that Riden is supporting Trump. Riden is a former nuclear engineer and is a member of the  sovereign citizen  movement, which believes that the government is conspiring to take away their guns, human rights and land. He was also an attendee of the Continental Congress of 2009, which is a huge gathering of white supremacist and right-wing hate groups. It s been noted that these groups have grown at a feverish pace during Obama s presidency, and Trump has expertly tapped into that racism and hate like no candidate before. When it comes to people like Riden, Trump just keeps adding fuel to the fire.Featured image via Elijah Nouvelage / Getty Images",0
6061, Rachel Maddow Just Exposed Trump’s Racism In A Way No One Else Has Before (VIDEO),"On Wednesday, Rachel Maddow made a comparison between the overt racism of Donald Trump s current campaign and the polite racism of Rick Santorum s campaign in 2012. During the segment, Maddow raises some interesting questions about Trump and the normalization of racism in the 2016 political cycle.Racist policies have been a major part of the GOP s platform since they adopted the southern strategy. Since it is no longer considered polite to be openly racist, the GOP had to come up with a racist agenda that is coded in the language of economic policy. On occasion, a Republican candidate slips up and the veil covering their racist attitudes falls away.Maddow points towards the time when Santorum infamously stated on the campaign trail that he doesn t  want to make black people s lives better by giving them somebody else s money.  Santorum quickly tried to backpedal on the gaffe, saying that he actually said  blah people.  Much like the rest of Santorum s political career, it was both very sad and hilarious.Things have changed since 2012. With black uprisings taking place all across the United States in 2014 and 2015, a movement was born that demanded that people finally recognize that black lives matter. Because the U.S. is extremely racist, that simple demand was meant with a huge backlash from ignorant and racist right-wingers. The same thing can be said in regards to Muslims, Mexicans, and just about every other racial group in the U.S. While racial minorities demand to be treated equally, the right fights harder and harder to maintain white supremacy.So with racial tensions running high and matters of racial justice becoming an ever more partisan subject, Trump entered the 2016 primary election fully exploiting that tension. His rallies have nearly turned into all out race battles, his racist rhetoric is up front and he is unapologetic about that. In the segment, Maddow points towards one of his recent statements involving the judge who ruled against him in a lawsuit over one of Trump s most horrendous scams, Trump University.While it is probably true that Trump is normalizing racist language, he is also exposing the racist foundations that modern GOP is built upon. That s causing deep fractures to form among Republicans. The GOP cannot continue being the party of racists, in a nation that is rapidly becoming more diverse. So while the normalization of racist rhetoric is terrible   it is important to keep in mind that we are witnessing the death throes of a dying political party.You can watch the segment below. Featured image via video screenshot",0
6062, NY Attorney General On Trump University: ‘This Is Straight Up Fraud’ (VIDEO),"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is trying really hard to ignore the controversy and lawsuit surrounding Trump University. Earlier this week he even attacked the media because they had the audacity to do their jobs and report on the lengths the university went to in their efforts to defraud people of their money. On Thursday, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman appeared on MSNBC s Morning Joe to discuss Trump U and said the university was not legitimate and the GOP nominee knew it. This is straight up fraud. It s like selling people something you say is a Mercedes and it turns out to be a Volkswagen,  Schneiderman said.  And even if some people say,  Well actually, I kind of like the Volkswagen,  it s still fraud because it s not a Mercedes. This was not a university. Although Trump claims that he will be vindicated and Trump U was completely above-board, the details of the three lawsuits against him tell a different story. During an interview with Fox News in February, the billionaire claimed that he  handpicked the staff for the school and those people did a  good job.  AG Schneiderman told the hosts at Morning Joe that those statements were blatant lies: Trump s role was really as the pitchman. And we ve got his videotapes, and we ve got his sworn testimony which undercuts every statement in the videotapes. He said,  My hand-picked experts will teach you my personal secrets.  He and the president of the university have already testified under oath he never met the instructors, they weren t hand-picked. They weren t experts   some of them came out of fast food and retail. And he had nothing to do with the supposed secrets that were taught because he had nothing to do with the curriculum.The attorney general added that Trump scammed these people during one of the worst economic times in American history: So people were led to believe they were getting the personal secrets of Trump, during hard economic times, we re talking about 2008, 2009, 2010. People wanted to scramble to find a way to make money, he duped them in, thousands of people paid millions of dollars and we re out to get them their money back. Think about what all of this means for a minute. Before the housing market collapse, Trump said that he wanted the bubble to burst so that he could make money. That eventually happened and millions of Americans suffered greatly. People lost their homes, their jobs, their savings, it was horrific. So, after he prayed for their demise by wishing the crash would happen, he convinced people to go to Trump University so that they could get out of the holes they were in and become rich like him   but it was all a scam. Now this same person is running for president and he is one step away from the most powerful position in the world. How did he get there? By, once again, scamming people into believing that he will save them.Donald Trump is a horrible human being and we must come together and keep him out of the Oval Office. So, remember, vote blue   no matter who.Watch:NY @AGSchneiderman on Trump U: This is just straight up fraud https://t.co/OUjj1BEt81  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) June 2, 2016Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6063, WATCH: President ‘No F*cks Left’ Obama Tears GOP Lies Apart Limb By Incredibly Stupid Limb,"Fox News, Donald Trump, and the rest of the half-witted douche-canoes in the Republican Party are an embarrassment to our nation, and the president knows it. On Wednesday, tyrannical dictator-for-life Barack Obama blasted Trump, his Republicans compatriots and frenemies, and right-wing media, for propagating numerous myths about the American economy.If you turn on the aforementioned propaganda outlet thinly veiled as a news network on any day that ends in  -day,  you will hear among their assortment of lies that Barack  HUSSEIN  Obama has killed all the jobs in the country, increased the deficit, that he has increased the number of jobless  leeches  on welfare by such an alarming amount that the country can not survive, and that America is bankrupt (both morally and financially).The president addressed the assortment of untruths coming from the right. The primary story that Republicans have been telling about the economy is not supported by the facts. It s just not,  Obama said, blowing the lid off the reason Republicans say and do the crazy things they do:Obama is right   Republicans voters, and especially Trump supporters, simply do not care about facts. Unfortunately for them, the president was there to fact-check the hell out of their ridiculous attempts to malign him, issue by asinine issue. Though he didn t mention Trump by name, explaining that the billionaire 2016 nominee can advertise himself, simply preys on the prejudices and fears of the Stupid Part of America (a tactic that is unfortunately successful). If people are feeling insecure and they are offered a simple reason for how they can feel more secure, people are going to be tempted by it,  Obama told the crowd of 2,000, adding that Trump s promises make no sense in the real world:There is nothing more awesome than watching the President destroying, one-by-one, the numerous lies regularly spouted by the Right. You can watch that below:Featured image via Getty Images (Spencer Platt)/Scott Olson",0
6064, Fox News Host Makes Herself A Total Laughingstock In Attempted Dig At NASA (TWEETS),"Fox News host Greta Van Susteren saw an opportunity to use NASA to take a jab at  big government  that is equal parts confused and stupid. It did not go well.NASA recently released some incredibly stunning photographs of Pluto, captured by the New Horizons spacecraft during its once in a lifetime flyby of the (dwarf) planet in 2015. The tiny spacecraft took close to ten years to arrive to Pluto and now heads out even deeper into what is called the Kuiper Belt, a collection of  ancient icy mini-worlds  at the far reaches of what we would consider our solar system.Only the technical feat and stunning photographs weren t good enough for Van Susteren. She was upset that NASA took so long, and seized the opportunity to rail against NASA using American tax dollars while not delivering its photos into Greta s inbox faster than the speed of light.Why did they wait until NOW to release these? pics taken in 2015 and we pay their salaries in tax dollars https://t.co/hhXxrfsWEr  Greta Van Susteren (@greta) June 1, 2016It s clear that Van Susteren didn t bother to read the article she linked to, or she may have found her answer. It wasn t a vast government cover-up to hide images of Pluto from the taxpayers. It was the fact that Pluto is really, really far away and the data takes a very long time to trickle in.Though the encounter took place more than 10 months ago, New Horizons is still beaming flyby data home, and likely won t be done doing so until this coming fall, mission team members have said.Van Susteren s goal seemed to be to slam the Obama administration for cutting NASA s budget, a critique that is both laughably off-base and not the issue. As one Twitter user patiently explained to Van Susteren, demanding a low power spacecraft to send high-resolution images back faster is like getting 9 women pregnant in the hopes of making a baby in a month. That s not how any of this works. (In any case, the New Horizons spacecraft launched in 2006, three years before Obama sent Fox News into a rage frenzy about  responsible  government.)There s no question that NASA has been hamstrung by its dwindling budget, but its financial woes have nothing to do with Obama. Republicans in Congress, eager to kill anything that even smells like it could support climate change, have repeatedly tried to dismantle the space agency s budget over allegations that the data it collects is biased against climate deniers. This death by attrition has meant the shuttering of the manned space shuttle program, as well as cutbacks in cutting-edge research. Instead, Republicans have told NASA to focus more on space   a vague directive if there ever was one   and not on Earth. And like any good hostage taker, to show they were serious, the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology (a misnomer considering how anti-science the committee is) went ahead and slashed an additional $320 million.Van Susteren s network has, of course, acted as the Republican Party s cheerleader through all of this. Routinely, Fox News will feature thinly veiled hit pieces on science and research in order to  prove  that spending government money on such endeavors is a waste. Much better, they argue, to waste that money on fighting a losing legal battle for the right to discriminate against transgender children. Or on fighter jets that don t work.However at this rate, getting a person like Greta Van Susteren to see the hypocrisy in her jabs at NASA and Obama might take longer than a trip to Pluto and back.Featured image via Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images",0
6065, Trump Just Got DESTROYED By One Of America’s Most Respected Journalists (VIDEO/IMAGE),"One of America s most legendary journalists, Dan Rather, used his gift with words for a very special purpose on Wednesday: to blast Donald Trump and rally the press against the dangerous candidate.In a brilliant Facebook post, Rather urged his fellow journalists to keep holding Trump accountable and cornering the presumptive Republican nominee on the tough issues. Rather had felt an obligation to write the post after watching The Donald attack the press during a news conference on Tuesday. Rather said that when he watched Trump resort to bullying reporters to avoid questions about controversial issues like his suspicious donations to veterans  organizations, he  felt a shudder down my spine. The legendary newsroom wrote: This is a dirty, nasty election. And it is only going to get worse. The reporters in the trenches need no lecture from me. They are walking through daily minefields, bracing themselves against winds of discontent whose effects no one can predict. Rather is speaking from firsthand experience. In 1968, during the Democratic Convention, Rather worked through chaos and riots so that he could continue to question delegates and politicians. His tireless dedication resulted in this famous clip, which captures Rather getting punched in the stomach on national television:Noting that today s reporters are up against the same accusations of press bias and hostility that has followed American politics over the years, Rather noted that this particular election is different thanks to the brash business mogul. Rather singled out Trump for his air of  violence  and intimidation tactics that cause many press members to stay silent. To those who might be afraid of getting caught in Trump s line of fire, Rather reminds today s journalists that the  pen is still mightier than the sword  and that they should not  back up, back down, back away or turn around . You can read Rather s amazing post below:Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
6066, The NRA Is Busy Pursuing Their ‘More Guns’ Agenda In Florida By Completely Denying Science,"It doesn t seem to matter what it is, if the NRA is involved, you can bet it s because they want to see more guns. Such is the case in Florida, where the NRA is pushing that agenda on the environment by calling for a black bear hunt, because bears are nuisance animals and hunters with guns are a higher priority than figuring out a more proactive way of handling nuisance animals.Marion Hammer, a lobbyist on the side of the NRA, and one of the people pushing the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission to approve the hunt, says: Bears continue to terrorize homeowners and prevent families from allowing children to play outside in some areas, and while FWC is working to educate people about securing trash and is trying to move dangerous bears out of residential areas, those programs are helpful but cannot succeed without hunts to reduce the population. Hunts don t necessarily do that, either, despite a large number of bears being killed last year. In last year s hunt, 304 bears were killed over the course of two days. The FWC was forced to end the season at that point, even though it was supposed to last a week. The NRA wants an even longer hunt this year, but the logic of pushing for a longer one is non-existent if there are fewer bears around due to last year s hunt.They re totally ignoring some key facts on the issue, too. These bears were on Florida s Endangered and Threatened Species list as recently as 2012. The FWC is supposed to have new population numbers sometime this year; however, without knowing how much the black bear populations have increased, these hunts are completely irresponsible. That is, sadly, typical of the NRA these days; virtually every part of their agenda is totally irresponsible.Why should the NRA care about any kind of responsibility, though? In 2006, the number of people in the U.S. who hunted was at its lowest point in recent history. Public support for hunting began to grow again in 2007, and now we have more hunters, which means we have more guns out there. Nothing makes the NRA happier than more guns, and more excuses for putting more guns out there.The FWC hasn t approved a hunt yet, and here s hoping they don t cave to the NRA this year. They re expected to receive a staff recommendation on the issue before their June 22 meeting.Featured image by John Gress/Getty Images",0
6067, WATCH Veteran Rip Trump A New One: I Defended This Country Alongside The People You Hate,"It s not just white American men who fight and die for this country. Women, Muslims, and Hispanics have as well and this military veteran wants Donald Trump to know it.During a protest against the Republican nominee in New York, U.S. Army veteran Perry O Brien declared that he proudly put on the uniform and defended the nation against terrorists in Afghanistan alongside women, Muslim, and Hispanic soldiers who also wore the uniform donning the red, white, and blue American flag patch. When I served in Afghanistan I served with women, I served with Muslims, and I served with Latinos   all groups that Donald Trump has maligned or even threatened,  O Brien said.  All of those folks actually donned the uniform. They actually served the country. As far as we can see as veterans in the military community, Donald Trump only seems interested in serving himself. Indeed, Donald Trump has never fought for this country. In fact, he repeatedly dodged the draft during the Vietnam War through a series of deferments. And even though he was too cowardly to serve his country during wartime, Trump has repeatedly disrespected Vietnam War veterans ever since.In 1997, Trump infamously referred to his sleeping around with various women his  personal Vietnam  because he didn t get an STD. I ve been so lucky in terms of that whole world. It is a dangerous world out there. It s scary, like Vietnam. Sort of like the Vietnam-era,  Trump said.  It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier. And last year, Trump insulted Senator John McCain by questioning his war hero status because he was captured by the enemy and tortured relentlessly to the point where McCain can no longer lift his arms over his head.  He s not a war hero,  Trump claimed.  He s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren t captured, OK? Trump has also repeatedly insulted women, referred to Mexicans as rapists, and called for banning Muslims from the country from the first day of his campaign.So it s no wonder why veterans like Perry O Brien are pissed off about the possibility of Trump becoming commander-in-chief.O Brien even slammed Trump for not donating money to veterans organizations before running for president because it looks like he is only doing it to improve his image right now. I think we all believe in the veterans community that it would be fantastic if Trump had decided he was interested in donating any of his vast wealth   which he loves to talk about so much   to veterans organizations in any substantive way before he decided he wanted to be the next commander-in-chief. Here s the video via YouTube.A Trump presidency also makes it more likely that more American soldiers will come home as wounded vets or in flag-draped caskets since ole small hands himself has suggested the possibility of waging nuclear war along with waging wars against other nations that would definitely require ground troops.Donald Trump is not the presidential candidate our veterans deserve. They need a president who will do everything possible to avoid war and they need a president who will make sure they and their families are well taken care of if war is necessary.Featured image via screenshot",0
6068, Richest Man In The World Puts Trump In His Place On Donating To Charity,"Bill Gates is the richest man in the world. Unlike Donald Trump, there has been independent verification of his net worth, which is currently estimated to be about $76 billion. Also unlike Trump, Gates made his money by selling actual products to people and not on the sort of smoke-and-mirrors flim flam that is currently being exposed at Trump University.At a recent event, the topic of Trump s claim that he donated to veteran s charities came up, and Gates   who heads one of the largest charities in the world   made a dig at the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.Gates took the jab at Trump during an interview alongside his wife, Melinda, at a panel discussion hosted by the news outlet ReCode. He hasn t been known for his philanthropy. He s been known for other things,  Gates said to laughter, when asked if the presumptive GOP presidential nominee had been approached to sign a pledge to give away at least half of his wealth to philanthropic causes.Trump was shown to only cut checks to veteran groups after the Washington Post asked him to back up his boasting about donating $6 million months ago on the same day he boycotted a Fox News debate, arguing that moderator Megyn Kelly had been mean to him.By comparison the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation already has $44 billion at its disposal, thanks to the couple parting with some of the money generated from Microsoft. It has made major investments around the world in education, health, and more.Gates and his wife Melinda are also part of a group of the super-rich who have signed  The Giving Pledge  in which they promise to give more than half of their wealth to charity during their lifetimes, or in their wills. Several real life billionaires have signed the pledge, including Warren Buffett, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Ellison and others. But they haven t approached Trump yet.Melinda Gates, with a smirk, said the couple has not approached Trump, adding that they are still working their way down Fortune s list of billionaires. We don t have any immediate plans to approach him,  she said.  I think we should probably let this cycle play itself out before we do anything related to that. Gates may just be being polite. Previous reporting has indicated that Trump may not even be worth $1 billion, far less than the $10 billion he has been claiming. He has refused to release his tax returns, which some believe proves he is hiding that he is a millionaire and not a billionare.Featured image via Flickr",0
6069, Tony Perkins: Christians Are Living In ‘Spiritual Ghettos’ Under Left-Wing Rule (VIDEO),"The Family Research Council s hater-in-chief Tony Perkins is joining his fellow deranged right-wing Christians in insisting that left-wingers are slowly but surely about to outlaw Christianity. He appeared on D. James Kennedy Ministries  Truths That Transform show with the Ministry s president, Frank Wright, and ranted on about how the inability of Christians to force their crazy beliefs on the rest of us somehow means they are being persecuted. Perkins told Wright: We are not disqualified from engaging in the public square simple because we re Christian. And that s where we re at today, where people want us to check our Christian faith at the door of even public service; not just holding public office, but if you re a fireman, a policeman, a teacher, a football coach, you re supposed to leave your faith at home or within the confines of the church. [That is] totally contrary to what the founders envisioned and, I would argue, Frank, totally contrary to what God has called us to do. The thing is, though, the idea that you cannot bring your religious beliefs into doing jobs in public office and other parts of the public sector is NOT persecution, Mr. Perkins. It simply means that you cannot force your beliefs on others in the workplace or in the public sector. That s it. Nothing more or less. Further, it is quite ironic that this man is crying foul on this one, considering that his organization s entire purpose is to strip basic civil rights from anyone and everyone who isn t a right-wing Christian, particularly LGBT people. Hypocrite much?Wright, of course, being just as much of a loon as Perkins, took things a step further, suggesting that any day now, the government would be outlawing the practice of Christianity altogether. Of course, Perkins latched on to this one, and said: We see this administration, we see the left creating these spiritual ghettos where we are forced into, confined to these areas, trying to quarantine faith so it s more easily controllable. Get real, you morons. President Obama isn t trying to get rid of religion; he himself is a Christian. He s just smart enough to know that America was never meant to be a theocracy, that theocracies don t work, and that our Constitution forbids religion in lawmaking.Then again, when deluded individuals such as these two men speak on such matters, facts fly out the window and are replaced with utter lunacy.Get serious help, STAT, both of you.Watch the video of this insanity below, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6070, You Won’t Believe This Racist Alabama Math Test (VIDEO),"From the Civil War to Jim Crow to George Wallace, to the Confederate Flag that hung over the Statehouse until just last year, the state of Alabama has always been synonymous with racial struggle and with just plain ole racism.Things might be changing from an official level, but to many Alabamans, African-Americans are still second class citizens, and to some, just criminals. That seemed to be the idea behind an 8th grade test called the  LA Math Proficiency Test,  that portrayed black people and Latinos as prostitutes, drug dealers and drive-by shooters. Hardly appropriate for any eighth grader, even without the racism.The first question involves someone named Ram n, who performs drive-by shootings with an AK-47. Then, there s Leroy, who sells cocaine to Juan. The test goes on to talk about children who steal, all of whom have ethnic sounding names. There s even one about Tyrone, who  knocked up 4 girls in the gang,  out of 20. Students are asked to figure out the percentage. My son, he took a picture of it in class and he texted it to me. I couldn t believe it,  Erica Hall said.Hall said her son sent her a text photo of the quiz his eighth-grade language arts teacher passed out Friday. Hall said even the kids thought it was some kind of joke. They took it as a joke, and she told them that it wasn t it a joke, and they had to complete it, and turn it in,  Hall said.Source: Fox10Here s the video:FOX10 News | WALAIf you can t see the questions, here are some. All of the 10 questions follow this theme:Dwayne pimps 3 ho s (sic). If the price is $85 per trick, how many tricks per day must each ho turn to support Dwayne s $800 per day crack habit?Raul wants to cut the pound of cocaine he bought for $40,000 to make a 20% profit. How many one ounce bags will he need to make to obtain the 20% profit?LaShaunda is a lookout for the gang. Lacuna also has a Boa Constricter that eats 5 rats per week at the cost of $5 per rat. If LaShaunda makes $700 (sic) week as a lookout, how many weeks can she feed the Boa on one week s income?Some of the students thought the test was hilarious, but parents did not. Even racist parents likely objected to the very adult themes.The teacher, who appeared to lazily pull this test off the internet, has been suspended, although their name has not yet been released. This isn t the first school to give that test, though. Many across the country, mostly in Southern states, have given either this test or something similar.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
6071, Judge Recommends Joe Arpaio For Criminal Prosecution After He’s Found Guilty Of Perjury,"After being held in civil contempt for failing to follow a judge s order not to racially profile, Sherriff Joe Arpaio and others held in the contempt of court may now be facing criminal prosecution.Judge G. Murray Snow, who presided over the civil contempt case after finding evidence that Arpaio and other deputies intentionally violated order, referred the case to the criminal court system: The purpose of Tuesday s hearing was to discuss remedies for the civil contempt violations and the possibility of referring Arpaio and others to the U.S. Attorney s Office for Arizona for criminal contempt charges, which could carry prison sentences. The other individuals who may face criminal charges are Captain Steve Bailey, the former head of the MCSO s internal affairs; attorney for the Maricopa County Sherriff s Office Michele Iafrate; Chief Deputy Jerry Sheridan.According to the Phoenix New Times:Bailey and Iafrate allegedly misled the court s monitor about the existence of more than 1,400 IDs improperly seized by the MCSO from individuals stopped or arrested, many of them Latinos. Misleading the monitor is potentially a federal offense, punishable by five years in prison. Snow directly addressed the attorney at one point, saying,  Ms. Iafrate, I think you should obtain counsel though he said he may refer the matter concerning her to State Bar of Arizona for possible disciplinary proceedings.A crooked Sheriff with a crooked attorney. When Snow made his original findings, the ACLU requested that all parties involved on MCSO s side be referred to the U.S. Attorney, and be charged with perjury, obstruction of justice, lying to the monitor and other crimes. Snow agreed, saying,  If the DOJ wants to pursue charges based on my findings, they can.  He also agreed with the ACLU s request that Arpaio be fined more than $300,000 for his offenses.Charges for Arpaio, if found guilty in criminal court of committing perjury, could carry up to five years in prison. The perjury charges stem from the civil trial, when Judge Snow asked if Arpaio s office had improperly investigated Snow and tied him to an anti-Eric Holder conspiracy. Arpaio repeatedly said no. That was found to have been a lie.Arpaio s criminal attorney pleaded with the judge to go lenient on the Sheriff, saying a criminal probe would be  devastating to the Sheriff s office and the sheriff himself,  and said that Arpaio has a  broken heart and contrite spirit.  He also complained that the fine of $100,000 Arpaio already has to pay is harsh enough, considering it s one year s worth of salary.Cry me a river. Thankfully, Judge Snow shot him down real quick.Let s hope Sheriff Joe finally goes to jail for his years of racial profiling, abuse of power, and wasting taxpayer money.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
6072," The PGA Just Gave Donald Trump A Big Middle Finger, And He’s P*ssed","Long before Donald Trump owned the Doral Golf Course   in 1962, to be exact   it became the home to the PGA World Golf Championships. Now, the tournament is moving to Mexico, one of the countries the presidential candidate rants the most about on the campaign trial, and the billionaire is not happy, not at all.Supposedly, it s not a political move. It is purely economic. The auto manufacturer, Cadillac, pulled out of sponsorship, so they have to leave Trump s resort and head to cheaper grounds.Fox News asked Trump about the move, and he didn t waiver from his antagonistic and xenophobic campaign rhetoric. Cadillac s been a great sponsor, but they re moving it to Mexico,  Trump said in a Tuesday night interview on Fox News.  They re moving it to Mexico City which, by the way, I hope they have kidnapping insurance. They re moving it to Mexico City,  he continued.  And I m saying, you know, what s going on here? It is so sad when you look at what s going on with our country. For Cadillac, it all boiled down to money. The cost to them for sponsorship is well above $10 million for a single tournament. Beyond that, people just don t care that much anymore. The tournament has lost its luster,  said Erik Compton, a PGA Tour player who lives in Miami.  The community just doesn t seem as involved. Source: ESPNWhile this isn t political, Trump obviously takes it very personally   as he should. While this wasn t intended to be a Donald Trump snub, almost any country would have been better for Trump than Mexico, the country against which Trump wants to build a giant wall. It s also a country Trump has accused of intentionally sending its criminals our way: The worst elements in Mexico are being pushed into the United States by the Mexican government. The largest suppliers of heroin, cocaine and other illicit drugs are Mexican cartels that arrange to have Mexican immigrants trying to cross the borders and smuggle in the drugs. The Border Patrol knows this,  Trump wrote.  Likewise, tremendous infectious disease is pouring across the border. The United States has become a dumping ground for Mexico and, in fact, for many other parts of the world. Source: Business InsiderPrivately, though, Trump has no problem outsourcing jobs to our neighbor to the south. His own line of clothing is made in Mexico. Where s his concern for worker safety in his own factories? Where s the outrage over this??  pic.twitter.com/19h8BOQSrF  Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo) July 1, 2015Featured image via Spencer Platt at Getty Images. ",0
6073, REPORT: Donald Trump Has Been Involved In Thousands Of Lawsuits – The Total Number Will Floor You,"If you ve been following Donald Trump at all, you re aware of how many times he s threatened to sue everyone on the planet. He s flat-out said he wants to loosen libel laws so that the press can t say anything bad about him. USA Today looked into his background of litigation, and what they found is absolutely appalling.An exhaustive investigation of Trump s background shows that he s been involved in at least 3,500 legal actions in state and federal courts. They deal with everything from casino customers to multi-million dollar real estate battles, to his ongoing tax battles and more, over the past 30 years. After summarizing all of this, USA Today said: The sheer volume of lawsuits is unprecedented for a presidential nominee. No candidate of a major party has had anything approaching the number of Trump s courtroom entanglements.  [emphasis mine]Even more interesting than that is how these actions break down:In addition to all of that, 70 new cases have been filed since Trump formally announced his candidacy.Trump loves litigation, and this analysis demonstrates that. During the GOP primary season, Trump threatened to sue Ted Cruz over his  natural-born  status, and the Republican National Committee over his loss in Louisiana. He recently threatened to sue The New York Times, and even threatened a copyright lawsuit over an artist s nude drawing of him.In other words, he threatens to sue at the drop of a hat, so it s not too terribly surprising that he s been the plaintiff in at least 1,900 different cases.This analysis isn t the first that USA Today has done on Trump s legal problems. In mid-May, they released a report that tied Trump to over 100 lawsuits involving his businesses and tax evasion. At the time, five of Trump s companies had warrants against them, just from the State of New York, for over $13,000 in unpaid and late taxes. All told, his businesses owed over $300,000 in back taxes at one point (which were eventually paid in full).He also sued the New York City Tax Commission 55 times over roughly 15 years for their property value assessments of properties his father once owned.Alan Garten, the general counsel for the Trump Organization, calls this  the cost of doing business,  and said that he believes they have less litigation than other companies of similar size. That s probably what Trump himself would say, too, however, USA Today compared Trump to five other big-name real estate developers and found that to be untrue. Trump has actually been involved in more legal actions than the other five combined.What does this mean for a potential presidency? The overwhelming amount of litigation that Trump has been involved in does provide clues as to how he ll lead the country. USA Today s assessment of that says: The legal actions provide clues to the leadership style the billionaire businessman would bring to bear as commander in chief. He sometimes responds to even small disputes with overwhelming legal force. He doesn t hesitate to deploy his wealth and legal firepower against adversaries with limited resources, such as homeowners. He sometimes refuses to pay real estate brokers, lawyers and other vendors.As he campaigns, Trump often touts his skills as a negotiator. The analysis shows that lawsuits are one of his primary negotiating tools. He turns to litigation to distance himself from failing projects that relied on the Trump brand to secure investments. There are all sorts of problems that a Trump presidency would bring, not the least of which involves starting wars with countries that piss him off. When China, Russia, Iran, or anybody else with whom we re on shaky terms, refuses to cooperate with him, what will he do? If lawsuits are a primary negotiating tool for him in the business world, what will play that role in the world of foreign policy? What will he do to Congress when they don t do as he tells them?The questions, and their possible answers, paint a terrifying picture that boggles the mind.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6074," EPIC: Obama RIPS Trump And The GOP To SHREDS In First Big Speech Of 2016 Election (VIDEO, TWEETS)","President Obama made what was billed as an economic speech in Elkhart, Indiana but in reality it was his first speech of the presidential campaign and was a preview of the sort of case he will make against Donald Trump this fall.Obama made it clear he was speaking about Trump, telling the crowd,  If we fall for a bunch of okeydoke just because it sounds funny or the tweets are provocative then we re not going to build on the progress that we started. Echoing the speaking style that led him to back-to-back presidential victories, Obama picked apart, step by step, many of the Republican complaints about his administration.Obama told the crowd he would do some  mythbusting,  to loud applause. He pointed out that Donald Trump s claim that other countries are  killing us on trade  and that immigrants are taking American jobs are just completely myths. He also explained that he wanted to  bust this myth of crazy liberal government spending  hurting economic growth.He pointed out that in nearly every measure of the economy, compared to how it was before he came into office, things are much improved.The White House released a series of tweets and graphs pointing out over and over how his leadership has transformed the economy for the better: Over the past six years, our businesses have created more than 14 million new jobs.""  @POTUS in Elkhart pic.twitter.com/BYknKBnaa0  The White House (@WhiteHouse) June 1, 2016 For the first time ever, more than ninety percent of the country has health insurance.   @POTUS on Elkhart pic.twitter.com/MsHaN1fnHh  The White House (@WhiteHouse) June 1, 2016 Our deficits haven t grown these past seven and a half years; we ve cut them by almost 75%.   @POTUS pic.twitter.com/k24EI0FGQ6  The White House (@WhiteHouse) June 1, 2016Obama also pointed out that Republicans have been wrapped up  this cult of small government,  when in reality the government has a role to play in helping to keep the economy going. The President pointed out as well that Trump s proposal to weaken regulations on Wall Street is  crazy. Discussing economic inequality and worker s rights, Obama explained that these issues were better addressed when more families belonged to unions, and that the move from 1 in 4 families being in unions to now it being 1 in 10 has hurt wage growth. Obama noted,  It s not a coincidence that as union membership shrank, inequality grew and wages stagnated .  He added,  America shouldn t be changing our laws to make it harder for workers to organize. Repeatedly during the speech, Obama encouraged journalists to fact check his claims, and told the audience if they doubted his statements they should  look it up. The election has begun, and President Obama is on the trail. Watch out, Trump.Featured image via YouTube",0
6075," Thanks To Dem Governor, Louisiana Starts Enrolling Over 375,000 People Onto Medicaid","Bobby Jindal s worst nightmare has come true: poor people are going to get the healthcare they deserve, and it s all thanks to a Democrat.Louisiana s Democratic Governor John Bel Edwards has delivered on his promise to expand Medicaid. As of June 1, the state s Department of Health and Hospitals will begin to enroll over 375,000 eligible citizens into Louisiana s expanded program. The state hopes to enroll half the individuals by July 1.Ruth Kennedy, who heads the DHH s Medicaid enrollment program, says the department will be implementing an  all hands on deck  approach, in an effort to get as many people into the program as possible: I am confident, and I am ready, and this is not my first rodeo. The governor, you ll remember, said at a press conference that people would have cards in their hands on July 1. That s a big difference from starting enrollment on July 1. Well, we won t have 375,000 cards in people s hands, but I m absolutely certain we ll be more than halfway there. Look at that, government that works efficiently to ensure everybody has access to healthcare. What a concept. And to make the operation run more smoothly, Louisiana will set up over 204 application sites all across the state with workers from the University Medical Center in New Orleans. In an effort to reduce headache, the DHH will  use the income data it has already gathered, rather than having to collect new information, and food stamp numbers can also be used on an annual basis to reaffirm eligibility when the time comes. This practice is a  big deal  according to Kennedy because it won t all for an eligibility purge from bureaucratic mistakes.So what happens when a Democrat governor, a Medicaid advocate, nurses and employees with the state s universities and department get together? Over 375,000 people get the healthcare they not only need but deserve.Featured image via Tyler Kaufman/Getty Images",0
6076, Trump Owes A Foreign Bank At Least $100 Million – And It’s Fighting U.S. Regulators,"While the country has a meltdown over Hillary Clinton s email scandal (even though she didn t break any federal laws), there seems to be a blind eye on an even bigger scandal   and yes, it would involve Donald Trump.Mother Jones reports that should Trump win the presidency, he will potentially face having to owe over $100 million to Deutsche Bank, which has sparred with U.S. regulators for years. Such a conundrum would be the biggest conflict of interest any presidential candidate has ever faced.Here are the facts:Trump has acquired quite a bit of debt, totaling roughly $355 million (or possibly more) from various loans from a multitude of lenders. His ambiguous financial statement lists 16 loans from 11 different creditors. At least five of these loans are worth $50 million or more, and have no been paid back (at least in full).Deutsche Bank appears to be Trump s biggest line of credit, with loans totaling $295 million for two projects alone  $125 million to buy Trump National Doral golf course, and most recently $170 million for his newest project, his hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. With the election a mere five months away, and the hotel slated to open in fall, Trump will (if elected) waltz into the White House owing a foreign bank more than $100 million.That, as Richard Painter, an attorney who teaches at the University of Minnesota puts it, is very troublesome. For starters, this will mean that as President of the United States, Trump will literally be beholden to a foreign bank. And if it s anything like his Ocean City Taj Mahal, will it ever be paid? With bookings for his hotels dropping by a whopping 60 percent, who knows. As Painter told Mother Jones:They [former presidents] had large assets and usually diversified assets. They weren t in a situation where someone could put pressure on them to do what they want. Whereas having a president who owes a lot of money to banks, particularly when it s on negotiable terms it puts them at the mercy of the banks and the banks are at the mercy of regulators. In real estate, the prevailing business model is to own a lot but also owe a lot, and that is a potentially very troublesome business model for someone in public office.Just because Trump is a billionaire doesn t mean he ll pay it all back with full faith. As Mother Jones reminds readers:In 2005, Trump borrowed $640 million from Deutsche Bank and several other lenders for the construction of a Chicago hotel tower. When he failed to pay back the money on time in 2008, the banks, including Deutsche Bank, demanded he pay up the $40 million he had personally guaranteed. In response, Trump sued Deutsche Bank for $3 billion, saying the project s financial troubles were the fault of the economic recession, essentially an act of God, and accusing the bank of undermining the project and his reputation.With no indication of a blind-trust being set up as to avoid a conflict of interest, one could assume Trump would bend the rules in his favor, as he boasts to always doing.And if that alone wasn t a reason to be suspicious, Deutsche Bank has been fighting U.S. regulators for years, which would make a partnership with Trump all the more conflicted.With an ongoing battle of trying to bypass the rules in favor of Wall Street, the German bank was forced to pay a staggering $2.5 billion fine for rigging interest rates. The fine included paying $600 million to the New York State Department of Financial Services, $800 million to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, and $775 million to the Department of Justice.The bank also reached multiple settlements for price fixing metals.Great business partners you got there, Trump. When Democrats and Republicans say Hillary Clinton is beholden to banks, maybe the attention should be turned to Trump, who literally owes a bank over $100 million.It s no wonder Trump has pledge to repeal Dodd-Frank.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6077, Melania Trump And Heidi Cruz Finally Get Together On ‘Maya & Marty’ – And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO),"Someone we haven t heard a lot from during the course of this year s election cycle is Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. However, wait no longer, because Maya Rudolph on her new show Maya & Marty just gave us what we can only assume to be a pretty accurate representation of the wannabe First Lady.Rudolph s Melania introduces us to the world of edible diamonds, which are pretty much just regular diamonds that you eat. Alongside Melania on this new venture is Heidi Cruz, wife of Senator Ted Cruz, played by the brilliant Kate McKinnon from SNL.The two ladies get together and discuss the presidential race while munching on some of the diamonds. Heidi starts by saying,  Ted would be very upset to know that I m here, so shhh  but truthfully, you know I m quite fond of you  Also saying,  l love being compared to you.  With Melania saying,  it s so funny because my face is so perfect, and yours is so loose and fun, it s like a broken balloon.  The satirized comparison obviously going back to when the two real-life women were compared on Twitter.It s doubtful these women would ever be friends in real life, but watching Rudolph and McKinnon together is worth every second of viewing.Check the hilarious sketch out here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6078, Hillary Calls In Live To CNN To Pummel Trump On Veteran Donations (VIDEO),"When listening to Donald Trump one really can t believe anything he actually says without tangible proof. Let s just say he s not the most honest fellow, and he s a guy who really likes to talk himself up, regardless of facts.One of the biggest falsifications of actual events that Trump has gotten caught doing is with his supposed donations to Veteran groups. Then when called out on these pretty blatant falsehoods by reporters, he verbally assaults them because he doesn t like people calling him out on his lies.Noticing these lies and misrepresentations of actualities is Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. Just imagine if it were her greatly exaggerating claims of raising money for Veterans and donations made by herself to organizations. She would get eaten alive by the press and it would likely be a major game-changer.Clinton called in live to CNN regarding Trump, and said: Well, I think the problem here is the difference between what Donald Trump says and what Donald Trump does. He s bragged for months about raising six million dollars for veterans and donating a million dollars himself. But it took a reporter to shame him into actually making his contribution and getting the money to Veterans. So, look, I m glad he finally did, but I don t know that he should get much credit for that. And she s absolutely correct, and it s likely very true that if Trump hadn t been called out then those donations probably still would not have been made.Donald Trump loves Donald Trump more than anyone else on this planet, and like everyone else, when someone goes after the one you love you may get brutally defensive, as we ve witnessed with the media scrutinization of Trump s supposed donations. And if he can t handle the scutinization from the press, how the hell is he going to handle being leader of the free world?Listen here: Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump was shamed into  actually making his contribution  to veterans https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/YBtMm3adVE  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 31, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6079, Top Gun Lobbyist Threatens To Use The ‘Bullet Box’ If Trump Doesn’t Win At The Ballot Box (AUDIO),"A top gun lobbyist has just warned Americans that if a conservative candidate (meaning Donald Trump) doesn t get elected into the White House, right-wing gun nuts just might open fire.Larry Pratt, who is the executive director of Gun Owners of America and a former Virginia lawmaker, went on his Gun Owners News Hour radio program earlier this week to share a message with anyone who isn t voting GOP in November. In a ridiculous rant, Pratt warned that if Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton get into the White House this election, they ll likely nominate a Democrat as a U.S. Supreme Court justice   a move that could, according to Pratt, threaten gun lovers  precious Second Amendment rights.While pro-gun conservatives have often used this particular argument to scare voters into doubling down on their support for the GOP, Pratt s solution to this problem was concerning, to say the least. He said: We would have to come to an understanding, which we ve been sort of taught, it s been taught out of us, that the courts do not have the last word on what the Constitution is. They decide particular cases, they don t make law. Their decisions, unlike the Roe v. Wade usurpation, don t extend to the whole of society, they re not supposed to, and we may have to reassert that proper constitutional balance, and it may not be pretty. So I d much rather have an election where we solve this matter at the ballot box than have to resort to the bullet box. Yes, Pratt just threatened to use gun violence to get a Republican into the White House. After making this ridiculous remark, his guest   American Civil Rights Union fellow Robert Knight   offered another ridiculous solution. Knight said, Well, there s impeachment, too. You can listen to the crazy conversation between these two idiots below:This isn t the first time Pratt has suggested gun violence to solve a problem and get his way. In March, Pratt objected to President Barack Obama s preferred replacement for the late Antonin Scalia. When Obama announced Merrick Garland as his judicial nominee, Pratt said: The Second Amendment is all about people like Judge Garland. Featured image via Richard Ellis / Getty Images",0
6080, S.E. Cupp SLAMS Trump For His Attacks On The Media (VIDEO),"Throughout his entire presidential campaign, Donald Trump has whined about the media. He calls reporters  dishonest,  tells the thousands of low-information voters who flock to his rallies that the press hates him and therefore they should hate the press. He points to the press pit at these events and tells his supporters to yell at them and every single time he does an interview he complains that someone somewhere in the world of media, even right-wing media, is treating him  unfairly.  On Tuesday, CNN s S.E. Cupp slammed the presidential candidate for his treatment of the media and said that he is  fundamentally confused about the roll of free press. During a press conference about his  support  of veteran s groups on Tuesday, Trump threw another hissy fit about reporters and said that they are being  nasty  and not giving him credit for giving money to vets. Cupp responded to his whining, saying: When you re talking about suing journalists for doing their job, he s not saying that we re getting the story wrong, we re actually doing our job asking questions about where this money went that s the job of the press. He actually said in this press conference today, I wish you d just say thank you, thank me for,  that s not the role of the media, to thank the presidential nominee for raising money. It s not the job of the media to heap praise upon him. So I just think that he s fundamentally very confused about the role of free press.. .@secupp: Trump says he wished the press would just say thank you, that s not the role of the media! https://t.co/QUwwpKW7uS  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) May 31, 2016I disagree, I think Trump is very aware of the role of the free press, but he doesn t want his supporters to be aware of it. It is no secret that the people who support the billionaire are not the brightest crayons in the box. Trump has even talked about how much he loves his  poorly educated voters.  He needs to convince these people to distrust the press because then they will just tune out the stories that would sink his candidacy. He needs them to ignore the shadiness around the money he supposedly raised for veterans. He needs them to ignore the Trump University story and how he swindled people out of their money. He needs them to ignore every single bad report that they may see on the news in the coming months. It is the easiest way to lead his sheep to slaughter.Trump may be a bombastic, racist, lying asshole, but he isn t stupid   and he is playing his supporters like a fiddle.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6081, Creationist Freak Ken Ham LOSES IT Because The Press Cares About A Gorilla (TWEETS),"Ken Ham is a right-wing, young-Earth creationist lunatic. EVERYTHING in this man s world revolves around the Bible and he wants the rest of us to be just as nuts. On Wednesday, this idiot turned his attentions to the fact that the press has been covering the tragic death of a gorilla who was shot dead because a 3-year-old fell into his enclosure. Proving that he is as heartless as he is crazy, Ham went off on the press for covering the story via his Twitter account. Here are the unhinged tweets:In 5 days thousands babies murdered by abortion, 700 refugees drown, 68 shot in Chicago and a Gorilla dominates news https://t.co/Ar4gG2qgQv  Ken Ham (@aigkenham) June 1, 2016We cannot impose human emotion/morality on a gorilla it is not made in the image of God https://t.co/Ar4gG2qgQv  Ken Ham (@aigkenham) June 1, 2016That s right   we shouldn t feel badly about this poor, innocent animal s death because of something written in a 2,000-year-old book and interpreted by a person who is arguably one of the craziest men alive right now. As if that weren t bad enough, Ham took to his blog to use the bible to insist that he is right and everyone else is wrong to be concerned about the tragic death of this so-called  sin-cursed  gorilla. He ranted: Because we live in a fallen world, sin has affected everything, including gorillas and three-year-olds. Therefore when deciding what to do in a situation where a human being, made in God s image, is in the control of a sin-cursed animal with no sense of human morality, we must do all we can to protect the child from harm. Sure, we have to protect the kid from the gorilla, but that doesn t mean that it isn t a tragedy just the same. Ken Ham, you are insane. Please seek help. Further, you might want to stay off Twitter until you do.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6082, Former CIA Director Says Trump Is Actually HELPING ISIS – Here’s How,"Donald Trump s idiotic followers may believe that Trump is going to eradicate the Islamic State, especially considering the fact that he threatens to  bomb the sh*t  out of them every chance he gets, but quite the opposite is actually happening. According to former CIA director Michael Hayden, who was also the head of the NSA, Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric is probably helping the terror group instead. In a recent interview with the Guardian, Hayden explained that  the jihadist narrative is that there is undying enmity between Islam and the modern world. When Trump says they all hate us, he s using their narrative. He s feeding their recruitment video. Hayden is correct, no one has slammed Muslims more than The Donald. No once can forget his comments in December, which came a few days after a terrorist shooting in San Bernardino, California. Trump s reaction to the Muslim shooters  attack was: Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people and Trump threatened to ban every single one of them from entering the United States. If that s not a major motivator for terrorists to attack America, I m not sure what is. Even after Trump s horrific anti-Muslim comments, the xenophobia didn t stop. In fact, it was just the beginning. Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric has inspired violence and harassment toward Muslims all over the United States   for example, people wearing hijabs are being called  terrorist  or are being physically attacked for no reason other than their religion. It s not a coincidence that these attacks were all performed by Trump supporters. Hayden isn t the only one to recently suggest that Trump s anti-Islamic rhetoric is actually a good thing for the terrorist group. Just a few days ago, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman said that the Islamic State would love it if Donald Trump got elected. Friedman said: They would want someone who they think would do something more extreme than the other, push America back in the Middle East, and therefore inflame the situation in a way that ISIS thinks would benefit them. Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
6083, Sean Hannity Accidentally Makes The Case For Media’s Scrutiny Of Trump’s Vets Fundraiser (VIDEO),"It s no secret that Sean Hannity is one of Donald Trump s biggest bootlickers. Following Trump s most recent press conference, in which he slammed the media and even called ABC reporter Tom Llamas  a sleaze  to his face, Hannity spoke with Trump about the so-called  liberal media,  and what they ve been doing to the poor guy.During the back-and-forth (Hannity is so far up Trump s rear that this can hardly be called an interview), Hannity demonstrated his complete ignorance of the media s coverage of The Donald s veterans fundraiser by asking: Do they think you need the money? Do they think you re gonna steal it? Yes, and yes. That s the whole issue right there. Apparently, Hannity hasn t been paying attention or he d have known not to ask that question.First of all, Trump s campaign is hardly self-funded and is low on money. He had to have known his  self-funding  scheme couldn t last forever. We re also talking about the liar of liars here   who in their right mind wouldn t be suspicious when money goes missing?In addition to the campaign s financial woes, the Washington Post contacted every one of the 24 charities that Trump listed as beneficiaries of his largesse, back in March, to find out what had happened to that $6 million that he said he raised. They could only account for $3 million of it.There was also Sandra Miniutti, the vice president of Charity Navigator, who said that it s not uncommon for some fundraisers to vet beneficiaries after the fact, such as when they re raising funds in times of emergency. That makes sense, because they need to work quickly under those circumstances. Raising the money and then vetting potential beneficiaries is the fastest way to do it.Miniutti also said, though, that it was fair to question why it was taking so long to distribute the money. Trump already had a list of potential beneficiaries ready, and his fundraiser was ridiculously public. His groups should have been vetted beforehand.Furthermore, Trump received heavy criticism from some veterans groups who were angry at him for using them as a political stunt, and who were angry because they hadn t yet received the money they were promised. It wasn t just the press that was trying to figure this out. Hannity, however, has his blinders firmly in place and is likely blissfully unaware that he just made the  liberal media s  case for them.Watch the whole debacle of an interview below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
6084," Meet David French, The Independent Who Republicans Recruited To Run Against Donald Trump","Conservative commentator and Trump hater Bill Kristol has been hinting at a third-party alternative to the GOP frontrunner for months. On Friday, Kristol tweeted that he had indeed found his candidate, and that he was the true principled conservative who would offer voters something real and unique.Well, it s been announced who this Republican savior is and it s National Review writer and constitutional lawyer David French.The man with absolutely no name recognition is the alternative to Trump   a guy who literally has his name plastered on skyscrapers.Congratulations, Republicans, you ve managed to make yourselves look more stupid than you already have. They could have put Romney on the ticket, who may have been the best choice to take on Clinton and Trump. In a moment of irony, just a week ago, French was calling on Romney to run third party, saying he was the  only hope  for the GOP s survival. How about that, not even the current third party candidate thinks he s good enough.And French doesn t even fit the description of what Kristol and his allies were searching for. According to Bloomberg Politics:According to one person deeply involved in the efforts to recruit an independent challenger, the search has focused on individuals who have one or more of the following three traits seen as vital for credibly launching such a bid: fame, vast wealth, and elective experience.Oh, and there s one more harbinger: French hasn t actually officially announced his candidacy. So Kristol s only pick might no actually file to run in the first place.Whereas French may be conservative, he is more principled than Trump: while the GOP blowhard has multiple draft deferments and rips off veteran s organizations, French is an Iraq War veteran and a recipient of the Bronze Star.And French, like Kristol, has had a few words to say about Donald Trump. In March, French wrote a blistering critique of the real estate mogul titled  What Now, Conservatives?  likening him to segregationist George Wallace:The party of Lincoln is in ruins. A minority of its primary voters have torched its founders  legacy by voting for a man who combines old-school Democratic ideology, a bizarre form of hyper-violent isolationism, fringe conspiracy theories and serial lies with an enthusiastic flock of online racists to create perhaps the most toxic electoral coalition since George Wallace.How do you know French is a true Republican? He thinks Trump ruined the GOP when it clearly was George W. Bush. Oh, and he once referred to Planned Parenthood as  disgusting,  so that gives you an insight as to how he feels about women s reproductive health.So maybe French isn t all that better than Donald Trump. Republicans just aren t ready for an orange man with a bad comb-over and tiny hands to ruin their party.Featured image via 93.1 FM WIBC",0
6085, Read President Obama’s Moving Proclamation Declaring June LGBT Pride Month,"Every year President Obama  declares  June LGBT pride month. Last year s pride month was a little more special considering the Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage across all 50 states.This year, however, showcases another important issue: transgender rights. As states in the south mimic their bigotry from the era of Jim Crow by intentionally discriminating against trans individuals, President Obama and his administration continue to fight for everyone, no matter who they are or who they love.The proclamation begins:Since our founding, America has advanced on an unending path toward becoming a more perfect Union. This journey, led by forward-thinking individuals who have set their sights on reaching for a brighter tomorrow, has never been easy or smooth. The fight for dignity and equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people is reflected in the tireless dedication of advocates and allies who strive to forge a more inclusive society. They have spurred sweeping progress by changing hearts and minds and by demanding equal treatment   under our laws, from our courts, and in our politics.Taking a page out of the Martin Luther King Jr. handbook (literally), President Obama also echoes the timeless phrase that  we recognize all they have done to bring us to this point, and we recommit to bending the arc of our Nation towards justice. President Obama reaffirmed his administration s opposition to conversion therapy, and support of a national law protecting LGBT members of society from housing and employment discrimination, both in the public and private sector. The president also singled out those suffering from HIV/AIDS, especially men and women of color, and pledged support for more funding.Concluding with,  In line with America s commitment to the notion that all people should be treated fairly and with respect, champions of this cause at home and abroad are upholding the simple truth that LGBT rights are human rights,  and that Americans have a responsibility to end hatred and discrimination wherever they may see it, President Obama for his eighth and last time writes these timeless words of tolerance:By virtue of authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim June 2016 as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month.The love, tenderness, support and hope shown by President Obama is unparalleled to anything this country has seen before. Can anyone imagine a President Trump doing such a thing?Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6086, WATCH: GOP Governor Tells Christians To Martyr Themselves For Right To Discriminate,"This is why we have separation of church and state, to guard this country from religious whackos like Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant.In April, Bryant signed a sweeping anti-LGBT law that allows public and private employers to discriminate against gay people and anyone else such as interracial couples, atheists, and people who have had premarital sex if they claim to have a  sincerely held religious belief. This abuse of religious liberty by Republicans has now reached fever pitch as many red states are adopting similar laws as a way to be bigoted assholes toward to certain groups of people. And now Bryant, despite being criticized by people in his own state, is calling upon Christians across the country to martyr themselves for the right to discriminate.During the right-wing Watchmen on the Wall conference, Family Research Council hate group leader Tony Perkins introduced Bryant as the winner of the first ever  Samuel Adams Religious Freedom Award  for passing the bigoted law in his state, which means Samuel Adams is probably rolling in his grave.Perkins declared that all elected officials should be  ministers of God  and Bryant kissed Perkins  ass by comparing him to David in the Biblical story of David and Goliath. I remember in Sunday school, reading one of my favorite stories. It was about a giant, a bad giant, who came into a valley one day and he called to the Israelites,  Send down your champion and let me vanquish him.  We were in that valley, but Tony Perkins was there with us. He was there as surely as Our Lord and Savior, as surely as the God of all gods stood there with us. And I can tell you how fortunate we are in this nation and in this organization to have a man of faith and leadership in Tony. God bless you for what you do. Bryant then proceeded to whine about the opposition to the discriminatory law he signed claiming that they don t know the history of Christians being persecuted and said Christians are willing to stand in line for crucifixion to secure their right to discriminate. They don t know that Christians have been persecuted throughout the ages. They don t know that if it takes crucifixion, we will stand in line before abandoning our faith and our belief in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So if we are going to stand, now is the time and this is the place. Here s the video via Right Wing Watch:This is proof of how insane conservative  Christians  have become. They imagine that they are being persecuted because they aren t allowed to refuse service to people they hate. Of course, if Christians were really being persecuted in this country they would be dragged out in the streets and beaten or killed as they are in countries where Christianity is a minority religion. That s what real persecution looks like.But Bryant is hardly the first Mississippi governor to use religion to justify bigotry. As a two-term governor and US Senator from the state in the 1920s through late 1940s, Bilbo believed that God sanctioned racism.According to Think Progress:For Senator Bilbo racism was more that just an ideology, it was a sincerely held religious belief. In a book entitled Take Your Choice: Separation or Mongrelization, Bilbo wrote that  [p]urity of race is a gift of God . . . . And God, in his infinite wisdom, has so ordained it that when man destroys his racial purity, it can never be redeemed.  Allowing  the blood of the races [to] mix,  according to Bilbo, was a direct attack on the  Divine plan of God.  There  is every reason to believe that miscengenation and amalgamation are sins of man in direct defiance to the will of God. Another Mississippi governor named Ross Barnett was still repeating the same justification in 1960.  The good Lord was the original segregationist,  he claimed.Segregation has since been outlawed, but conservatives are still using the same argument to justify their bigotry and it s going to be fun watching a federal court put them in their place once again.Featured image via screenshot ",0
6087, Why This Attorney General Is Going After Trump For ‘Fraud’,"New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman isn t going to allow Donald Trump s 2016 presidential campaign get in the way of his ongoing prosecution of the GOP frontrunner for  fraud. Schneiderman is the highest profile government official looking into Trump s shady business dealings at Trump University. Customers claim that after they signed up for the opportunity, they were pressured to spend ever-increasing amounts of money with little knowledge of the real estate business to show for it.In an interview with ABC, the attorney general explained that he s not going to back off. We re ready to go,  Schneiderman, a Democrat, told ABC News today.  We sued him long before anyone thought he might run for President. This is not a political case, it s just a straight-up fraud case. Like the judge also looking into the case, Scneiderman has come in for attack by Trump, who has used his high profile to impugn the prosecutor s motives. But that hasn t dissuaded the prosecutor.Schneiderman told ABC News he is not worrying about the confluence of the campaign and his case. The documents, he said only served to offer further proof that the operation was aimed less at teaching students the skills needed to buy and sell real state, and more about making money for Trump. It was clearly a way to separate people who were desperate to make money in hard economic times from their own cash and to get it into the pocket of Mr. Trump and his cronies,  Schneiderman said.The secret Trump University documents have revealed that workers at the operation were given a step-by-step manual on how to convince prospective  students  to give the company access to their money and also explained how to prey on their emotions in pursuit of profits. Trump University is now defunct, after Trump and his partners made money off of regular people, all while egging students on to profit from the 2007-8 real estate collapse.Featured image via YouTube",0
6088, Secret Trump University Papers Reveal How Business Pumped ‘Students’ For Cash,"It is now clear why Donald Trump attacked the judge in the case overseeing lawsuits against his now-defunct Trump University.The judge ordered the company s internal sales documents to be released over Trump s objections, and what they have exposed is a business that preyed on people s dreams of wealth and success   based on Trump s own image cultivated over the decades  using trick language and sales gimmicks right out of the sleaziest  boiler room. The  playbooks  for the now-defunct business owned by Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, were unsealed Tuesday in a class-action lawsuit by customers who say they were defrauded. Last Friday, a judge who has earned Trump s scorn sided with attorneys for The Washington Post who argued that the public had a right to know what was previously confidential.The documents outline how employees should guide customers through  the roller coaster of emotions  once they have expressed interest. The motivation that they experienced can die quickly as the realities of their daily lives take over. It is our job to rekindle that motivation   to make them once again see the potential of achieving their dream,  according to a  sales playbook. The documents show how, rather than a real estate sales course, the Trump University system was designed to push people to pay for ever-increasing levels which they were told would lead to more and more lucrative business. In fact, as the lawsuits show, many were very unsatisfied with the experience. Even more damning is the fact that the business doesn t even exist anymore, but is just another scheme that Trump slapped his name on in order to make a quick buck then ran away when it got complicated.Trump was apparently so concerned about the information in the sales documents coming out that he rescheduled the press conference he had to address his failure to give money to veterans groups to the same day the Trump University documents came out.Featured image via Flickr",0
6089," The Gun Shop Owner That Banned Muslims Is Now Selling Obama, Bernie And Hillary Targets (IMAGE)","One of Florida s most infamous gun shop owners is yet again making headlines   this time for selling targets that have the faces of President Barack Obama and 2016 Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton on them.Last year, Florida Gun Supply owner Andy Hallinan raised eyebrows by banning Muslims from his store, when he made this announcement via a YouTube video: I have a moral and legal responsibility to ensure the safety of all patriots in my community, and so effective immediately, I m declaring Florida Gun Supply as a Muslim-free zone. I will not arm and train those who wish to do harm to my fellow patriots. This of course, got the attention of the racist murderer of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, George Zimmerman. Naturally, the two gun nuts joined forces to sell confederate flag paintings through Hallinan s store so that Zimmerman could pay his living expenses. Apparently racism and hate speech works, because Zimmerman was able to make $100,000 on a painting so horrible a first grader could have done better.Now, Hallinan s latest stunt is an idea all of his own. On his website, BernieTargets.com,  he is selling the targets with the three Democrats  faces on them for $4.99, marked down from $9.99.Bernietargets.com Hallinan has several other  classy  products for sale on the site, such as a  Muslim-free zone vehicle sticker , an  ISIS hunting permit , a  Mohammed target , a  Muslim-free yard sign ,  Liberal tears gun oil  and a  Hillary for prison 2016 yard sign .If this guy is a fan of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, that wouldn t be a surprise at all. Hallinan clearly agrees with Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric, and is probably right on board with The Donald s horrific proposal to ban all Muslims from coming into the country   which is pretty much what Hallinan tried to do on a smaller scale with his store last year.This type of xenophobia, and blatant hate toward those with different religious (and political views) is so dangerous. Having targets with the faces of President Barack Obama (who Trump has repeatedly implied is Muslim) and this year s Democratic candidates is truly blurring the line between parody and inciting violence.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6090, Kim Jong Un And North Korean Media Enthusiastically Want Trump To Become President,"When your presidential candidate is supported by the media of a corrupt tyrannical regime, that s a bad sign.North Korea is a sworn enemy of the United States, threatening us with nuclear strikes for many years and demanding that we pull our military out of South Korea, a move that would almost certainly be followed by a North Korean invasion of our ally.And that s precisely why North Korean media is enthusiastic about Donald Trump.According to NKNews.org,The article published in state media outlet DPRK Today also referred to Trump s proposal to hold direct talks with Kim Jong Un, praising the likely Republican nominee as a  wise politician  and  far-sighted presidential candidate. In my personal opinion, there are many positive aspects to the Trump s  inflammatory policies ,  wrote Han Yong Mook, who introduced himself as a Chinese North Korean scholar. Trump said  he will not get involved in the war between the South and the North,  isn t this fortunate from North Koreans  perspective? Indeed, it would be most fortunate for North Korea because they wouldn t have to fight our military and South Korea s military at the same time in their effort to unite the two Koreas under a single banner. Of course, uniting would come at a great cost to South Korea since Kim Jong Un would still be the dictator of a united Korea. That is non-negotiable as far as the North Korean leader is concerned.Trump has already threatened to pull US forces out of South Korea unless the government in Seoul increases domestic military spending. Furthermore, he has indicated that he would like to negotiate with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un.DPRK Today especially likes this and urged Trump to do it. Yes do it, now   Who knew that the slogan  Yankee Go Home  would come true like this? The day when the  Yankee Go Home  slogan becomes real would be the day of Korean Unification. They even went so far as to attack Hillary Clinton on Trump s behalf, which every single American should be concerned about. The president that U.S. citizens must vote for is not that dull Hillary   who claimed to adapt the Iranian model to resolve nuclear issues on the Korean Peninsula   but Trump, who spoke of holding direct conversation with North Korea. Seriously, North Korea is part of the  axis of evil  former President Bush spoke of during his tenure in the White House. Now the Republican Party has gone from that to being endorsed by North Korean media.Aidan Foster-Carter of the University of Leeds, who is Honorary Senior Research Fellow in Sociology and Modern Korea, viewed the media support as concerning. Admittedly it is not exactly Pyongyang speaking, or at least not the DPRK government in an official capacity,  Foster-Carter conceded.  But it is certainly Pyongyang flying a kite, or testing the waters. For the rest of us, this is a timely reminder   if it were needed   of just how completely Trump plans to tear up established U.S. policy in the region; and what an irresponsible, unthinking menace the man is. Again, the Republican presidential nominee has the support of North Korea because he has threatened to weaken South Korea if Seoul does not comply with his demands.Trump has even expressed admiration for the way Kim Jong Un kills people to retain power. You ve got to give him credit. How many young guys   he was like 26 or 25 when his father died   take over these tough generals and all of a sudden, you know, it s pretty amazing when you think of it. How does he do that? Even though it is a culture, and it s a culture thing, he goes in, he takes over, he s the boss. It s incredible. He wiped out the uncle, he wiped out this one, that one. I mean this guy doesn t play games. Every American should be very concerned and very scared about this, especially Republicans who claim they care about our national security and the security of our closest allies.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6091, Fox News Goes Completely Racist When Reporting Dead Gorilla Story (VIDEO),"Last weekend, news feeds everywhere were filled with the horrific story of a beautiful silverback gorilla being shot after a 3-year-old boy fell into his enclosure.Anyone who s a parent knows that kids are very slippery. They know that in the blink of an eye, a child can become distracted and run off. Still, rather than blame the Cincinnati Zoo for possibly overreacting, people were blaming the parents. Some of those people, including Fox News, though, are taking that line of blame to a whole new level. They are adding a solid dose of racism.Here s a video of the gorilla with the boy, decide for yourself if the gorilla was trying to hurt or save the boy:The boy and his parents are African-American   a detail which would be meaningless if it weren t for Fox News and racists across the nation. Many people blamed the parents, and the mother, who was at the zoo with her boy and other children, certainly deserves her share of it, but Fox and their classy followers are blaming the father, who wasn t even there. The father, it appears, served time in prison.The Daily Mail, which is one of Great Britain s conservative, lowbrow newspapers, reported that the boy s father, Deonne Dickerson, has a criminal history. He was convicted in 2006 for drug trafficking. He was also charged with numerous other charges, including criminal trespass, disorderly conduct and kidnapping.The Daily Mail does note, however, that Dickerson has appeared to turn his life around. That didn t stop Fox News from running with the story, though. The father has a long rap sheet, including drugs and kidnapping charges,  Fox News host Abby Huntsman noted at the beginning of the program. Some say the parents need to be charged,  co-host Ainsley Earhardt later told wildlife expert Grant Kemmerer,  bringing up the dad s past criminal history who wasn t even there at the zoo at the time. The father wasn t even there. Think about that. Fox News is advocating criminally charging a man who wasn t even there. The fact is, Fox and their viewers won t be happy until all black men are behind bars.Here s the video:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6092, Watch A 12-Year-Old ‘Scientist’ OBLITERATE Anti-Vaxxers’ Lies In 2 Minutes Flat (VIDEO),"A 12-year-old boy has just gone viral for absolutely shredding every anti-vaxxer s argument against vaccinating children.The boy, who goes by the name Marco Arturo, is a science-loving video blogger who uses his Facebook page to share his findings and ignite discussions related to science. His latest video was a major hit, and has left the young boy shocked that his 2-minute video has been seen by more people than the population of Bahamas, Belize, Greenland, Monaco, Bermuda and Dominica combined.  His educational message to anti-vaxxers has been viewed millions of times, and when you watch it, you will understand why.Marco begins the video addressing two major concerns being proposed by anti-vaxxers: that vaccines are to blame for autism, and that they re part of a government conspiracy. Marco says: We ve all been lied to by doctors and pharmaceutical companies about vaccines. After a lot of research I realized that vaccines do and will cause autism. At first it sounds like Marco is taking their side, but if anti-vaxxers thought they d just found their youngest recruit, they re dead wrong. Seconds later, Marco holds up a folder labeled Evidence that vaccines cause autism, stating that he will explain his findings  page by page.  By now, anti-vaxxers are probably salivating all over themselves, eager to hear the scientific proof that their ridiculous theories are correct. However, when Marco opens the folder, all of the pages are blank. Marco explains: I think it might be because there is absolutely no evidence to support the statement that vaccines are linked to autism in any way whatsoever. To make anti-vaxxers even more furious that they d been tricked so expertly, Marco stresses how important vaccines are, and what they re REALLY responsible for: saving the lives of millions of children. Marco closes by begging parents to get their children vaccinated, and reiterates that there is no evidence that can link vaccines to autism.In closing, Marco notices that one of the pages actually DOES have something on it, which might get gullible anti-vaxxers  hopes up once again. The page says one word:  MIC,  and Marco drops it.Here s Marco s brilliant video:Featured image via screenshot",0
6093, Republican Obstructionism Is About To Make An Elderly Disabled Couple Homeless,"An elderly, disabled couple in New Hampshire is suffering thanks to the United States  ridiculous classification of marijuana. Lorraine Sevigny, 61, and Brian Cardinale,59, may be evicted from their apartment after police raided their home and found a tiny amount of marijuana   that the couple uses for medicinal purposes   in a jar.On May 10, Lebanon police carried out a search warrant on the apartment, discovered the marijuana and issued them a citation. Police say they conducted the search after some busy-body an anonymous source provided them with  drug intel. Sevingy told officers that she uses the plant to relieve pain from a traumatic brain injury suffered in a car accident forty years ago. Cardinale smokes pot, in addition to taking 18 other drugs, to treat multiple sclerosis (MS). His debilitating illness, which attacks the central nervous system, has forced him to walk with a cane. Stairs are my mortal enemy,  said Cardinale. I m lucky. I m not in a wheelchair. Medical marijuana is legal in the state of New Hampshire, but Cardinale is unable to get a prescription for it because technically he does not have an address. His apartment was destroyed in a fire in February, so he moved in with Sevingy; unfortunately, the paperwork to put his name on the lease has not been processed yet.Ordinarily someone would not be evicted from an apartment for a misdemeanor drug citation but the type of complex and federal drug laws makes this case extremely frustrating.   The couples landlord, Twin Pines Housing Trust, is a non-profit organization that provides the elderly with low-rent places to live. The organization purchased Sevigny s apartment building in November with the help of a $6.8 million U.S. Department of Agriculture loan and that loan is the problem.When Twin Pines accepted the USDA loan they agreed to a zero-tolerance drug policy. After police searched the couples  home they notified Twin Pines about the marijuana they found and that triggered eviction proceedings.  Andrew Winter, executive director of Twin Pines, said: While we recognize that state policies on marijuana are rapidly evolving, we still need to comply with federal restrictions that govern the financing of our properties. And therein lies the problem. The federal government still has marijuana listed as a schedule 1 narcotic. A schedule 1 drug is one that could lead to  severe psychological or physical dependence.  MDMA (ecstasy) is considered a schedule 1 narcotic. LSD (acid) is considered a schedule 1 narcotic.In February 2015, Representatives Jared Polis (D-CO) and Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), tried to change the classification of marijuana with bill  H.R. 1013, the Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol Act. In November 2015, Senator Bernie Sanders introduced its companion bill to the Senate, unfortunately, like every bill introduced by Democrats in the Republican-controlled Congress, the bills never saw the light of day. Had Congress acted and declassified the plant as a schedule 1 drug, this couple would not be worried about their future because the police would have never raided their apartment. But here we are, all thanks to the GOP s inability to do their job.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6094, Watch Trump Call Reporter A ‘Sleaze’ For Having The Audacity To Report Facts,"How does the old saying go? The more unapologetically defensive you appear, the more guilty you probably are   or something like that. That at least seems to be the case with Donald Trump any time he is scrutinized on, well, pretty much anything. However, when it comes to his claim that he s raised money for veterans, even though many are saying he s grossly exaggerating the amount, he really doesn t like being called out on the discrepancy.During a press conference on Tuesday, Trump was asked by ABC s Tom Llamas: Mr. Trump, writing a one million dollar check is incredibly generous, but the night of that Iowa fundraiser you said you had raised $6 million. Clearly you had not. Your critics say you tend to exaggerate, you have a problem with the truth. Is this a prime example? Trump responded: No, I raised almost $6 million. Some of it didn t come through, but more money is coming through. The number is probably is going to be when we finish it probably going to be over the $6 million. Trump then proceeds to blast the media, and then at one point called out Llamas directly, even calling him a  sleaze  for having the audacity to point out facts. Trump said: But what I don t want is when I raise millions of dollars, have people say, like this sleazy guy right over here from ABC. He s a sleaze in my book. You re a sleaze because you know the facts and you know the facts well. Ironically, Llamas does seem to know the facts well, and Trump doesn t like being called out on the fact that he s been exaggerating.Llamas took to Twitter shortly after saying:Trump just called me a ""sleaze."" Should be an interesting week.  Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) May 31, 2016What sort of person running for leader of the free world behaves like this? Trump is completely thin-skinned and bullies anyone who dare question him. If he can t handle being scrutinized, how the hell is he going to lead the nation, or for that matter, work in our diplomatic world interests across the globe. Truth is, he wouldn t be able to. He s remarkably unqualified and we need to make sure he gets nowhere near the Oval Office.Watch Trump lose his damn mind here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6095, Republican Senators Don’t Want Ted Cruz Anywhere Near Their Re-Election Campaigns,"Ted Cruz thinks he could be an asset to the campaigns of his fellow Republican senators. There s just one problem, though: most of them don t like him.Republicans currently face an uphill climb this year, especially with Donald Trump at the top of the 2016 ballot. The nomination of Trump presents a major problem for Republicans who hope to keep their seats or take seats away from Democrats.Indeed, instead of riding Trump s coattails to victory, Republicans are looking at down-ballot rejection as people associate them with the Republican nominee and his vile campaign.Despite being destroyed by Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz wants to lend a hand to his colleagues. That can go a long way toward establishing good relationships,  one Cruz adviser told The Hill.  At the same time, though, I d be wildly surprised if he suddenly started moderating his principles just to get along. Establishing good rapport with colleagues is incredibly crucial to running for higher office. But Ted Cruz has alienated and pissed off most of his Senate colleagues because of his aggressive losing strategies in recent years, the biggest of which is undoubtedly the government shutdown in 2013.Cruz incited the shutdown because he thought it would force President Obama to dismantle Obamacare. In the end, it was a PR nightmare for Republicans as the American people rightfully blamed them for shutting the government down.But the Cruz adviser thinks his colleagues will be interested in taking Cruz s help. I think politicians are practical people,  he said.  They re going to be pretty interested in the kind of support he can give them I think fewer people would say they don t want him now. Unfortunately for Cruz, he seriously underestimates just how much his colleagues loathe him.As it stands, incumbent Republicans facing tough re-election battles don t want Ted Cruz making their lives more difficult.When asked by The Hill if she would accept help from Ted Cruz, New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte said,  Uh, no. I don t think I d ask anyone to come up, generally, other than I had [Sens.] Joni [Ernst (Iowa)] and Shelley [Moore Capito (W.Va.)] up,  she continued.  This is about me campaigning for New Hampshire. I m going to be focusing on my campaign for me. It s not a reflection on him, or anyone else he hasn t contacted me, but I m sure there s a lot of different races out there. In other words, please don t come to New Hampshire, Ted.In Pennsylvania, Senator Pat Toomey also faces a tough campaign, but that doesn t mean he wants Cruz there to make it worse.[Cruz is] not going to [be] into what my campaign is doing,  Toomey insisted.And then there is Arizona Senator John McCain, who has famously referred to Cruz as a  whacko bird.  Yeah, he definitely does not want Cruz stumping for him in his home state.McCain said he only seeks help from people he is close to.  I m not close to Sen. Cruz,  McCain declared.So it looks like many Republicans would rather not have Cruz s support, which isn t surprising considering how extreme he is on several issues.Frankly, if Cruz wanted his colleagues to be more enthusiastic, perhaps he should have thought about that before becoming the most annoying voice in the Senate.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6096, RNC’s Hilariously Delusional Election Model Predicts Obama Might Vote Trump,"The Republican Party is not well   we know it and they know it.After getting roasted in the last general election, the Republican Party conducted a fittingly named  autopsy  on what would need to change before 2016 in order for the party to successfully compete with Democrats. The overall conclusion was that the party needed to do a much better job of reaching out to young people and minorities. Instead, they nominated Donald Trump   a man who launched his campaign by accusing Mexicans of being rapists and who has been endorsed by several factions of the Ku Klux Klan.But rather than mourn the loss of their party, Republicans are just fudging the numbers just so they can get out of bed in the morning. Like Karl Rove screaming that the election wasn t over long past the time when the election was over, the party is trying to  unskew  the numbers that give Democrats a massive advantage going into November.And just how grim does it look for Republicans? Here s the latest projection for how the election might play out if Clinton does get the nomination.But you wouldn t know it if you worked in the Republican National Committee. Their  independent  database has some laughably optimistic assumptions about voters.One prominent example: the current President of the United States, Barack Obama, has been a staunch Democrat for his entire political career. Recently, he has repeatedly said he would vote for the Democratic nominee in November and he s lashed out against Trump, calling him both hateful and ignorant. It s hard to imagine another human being whose vote is more predictable. And yet There s a 95 percent likelihood Obama will vote in the 2016 general election, the database predicts, based on computer modeling. It also shows an 83 percent chance Obama will side with his party s nominee, while suggesting a 10 percent shot he ll back the Republican candidate. By the RNC s metrics, Obama has a 10 percent chance of voting for Donald Trump, and an additionally, there s roughly another 10 percent chance of voting for an Independent candidate It s baffling to think about how the RNC arrived at those numbers. One humorous conclusion is that while Republican politicians try to score cheap political points by labeling President Obama a radical leftist, their own calculations acknowledge he lies well within the current political spectrum. In other words, when they tell their supporters that Obama is a socialist, they know it s a lie.This is how the RNC fudges the numbers slightly so they can turn around and say they have a chance. The model doesn t go overboard. It simply puts its thumb on the scales a little. However, this  slight  lie will have big implications in how the actual election plays out. Obama, along with millions of voters, will, in fact, vote for Democratic candidates whether the RNC wants them to or not. As such, these white lies are merely an exercise in wishful thinking.It s becoming increasingly clear that the Republican Party is what happens when your brain has been exposed to dangerous levels of Fox News for years. The delusions get grander and more incredible, and the defense of those delusions gets more aggressive. The right-wing media has convinced even its own politicians that Obama is deeply unpopular, a failed statesman and a radical. He is none of those things and so the Republicans are perpetually stunned by his success.By way of one example, let s consider the fact that Mitt Romney actually believed right up until election night that he was going to win. This flew directly in the face of all the known data (including Nate Silver s career-making predictions). He and his team rejected any of the information that didn t adhere to their ideological belief that everyone hated Obama as much as Fox News had told them they did.And he got walloped.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6097, Richard Dreyfuss Just Showed ‘Little-Dick’ Donald Trump How To Win A Twitter Battle (TWEETS),"Richard Dreyfuss has provided us with some of the finest moments in movie and television history. His ability to run the table on acting to bring us everything from Mr. Holland to Dick Cheney to Bob s savior, Dr. Leo Marvin, has made him a Hollywood icon and fan favorite for more than four decades. In the age of social media, Dreyfuss is also proving himself to be an amply armed Twitter warrior, taking on the likes of none other than Donald J. Trump.Dreyfuss isn t so much upset about Trump s following of low-hanging fruit; they are as he puts it,  struggling.  The celebrities who have endorsed Trump? Dreyfuss views them in a different light altogether:The saddest people aren't Donald Trump's supporters. They're really struggling. It's Donald Trump's celebrity supporters who are whores.  Richard Dreyfuss (@RichardDreyfuss) May 30, 2016It s their souls they re whoring out for Trump, and it truly is sickening. To see people who would otherwise be considered intelligent and educated jumping on the Trump train to nowhere is infuriating not only to their fans with half a brain but to Dreyfuss as well. Luckily for Hollywood, people twisted enough to support the orange one aren t exactly A-listers, with Jon Voight being the closest thing to a decent actor in the bunch.After the shot at the Kirstie Alleys and Ted Nugents of the world, Dreyfuss moved on to Trump himself, taking a shot at his  off the cuff  style of speaking, which we like to call  racism :I get the thing about ""off the cuff speaking."" I get it! But when that speaking is dedicated to hurting latino americans, you're a racist.  Richard Dreyfuss (@RichardDreyfuss) May 30, 2016We don t need Richard Dreyfuss to tell us that Trump is a racist; it s as obvious as the comb-over. It s always nice, however, to see a public figure adored by so many dropping truth bombs on the Republicans  latest choice to destroy America. Dreyfuss wasn t quite finished yet, however, letting people know that his opinions aren t just speculative; he has actually had experience dealing with Trump in person:I met Donald Trump a few times but first was a party in Malbu where he got very upset that his date had the gault to speak with other guests  Richard Dreyfuss (@RichardDreyfuss) May 30, 2016And there s the Donald Trump we all know and despise. If you ve never experienced a man becoming so jealous that his date actually has a mind of her own that he loses his cool, you can t quite appreciate how it affects you. It s infuriating. Trump didn t just get a little upset, either. He was so butthurt that he acted like a  small-dicked prick,  forcing her to leave and causing those left behind to wonder if he would hurt her:He acted like a small dicked prick and pusher from the party and left of us wondering if we had made a mistake letter her go with him  Richard Dreyfuss (@RichardDreyfuss) May 30, 2016Autocorrect seems to have gotten the best of him there, but the implications are clear: Donald Trump is a deplorable human being whose own actions have caused people to fear for the safety of women he s dated. With that, Dreyfuss ended his anti-Trump Twitter barrage. Trump decided not to engage, as is usually the case when someone calls him out for his treatment of women.Game, set and match: Dreyfuss. And THAT is how to win a Twitter battle against Donald Trump. Embarrass him to the point that he stays out of it altogether.Featured image by John Sciulli/Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6098, Traffic Signs Hacked With Pro-Bernie And Hilarious Anti-Trump Messages (VIDEO),"On your way into work you may occasionally see portable electronic traffic signs that keep you aware of oncoming traffic problems or perhaps an exit being closed. Here s the thing, though, those signs can be programmed to say anything. Which is exactly what happened to the Texas Department of Transportation early on Tuesday morning in Dallas, Texas.Three signs seemed to be affected, with one reading,  Bernie for President,  and another reading,  Work is Canceled   Go Back Home.  However, the third one said something pretty damn hilarious, and perhaps honest, who s really to know without proof it s not. It read,  Donald Trump is a Shape-Shifting Lizard! Check it out here:I'm not sure this is what @TxDOT meant for this road sign to say  #Dallas @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/4iPldtM9gJ  Tim Ciesco (@TimCiescoNBC5) May 31, 2016The Texas Department of Transportation seemed to quickly become aware of what the signs were now saying and promptly sent someone out to turn them off, as seen here:UPDATE: TxDOT crews just came and turned off the hacked sign here at Westmoreland & I-30 pic.twitter.com/fB4B6ik6UJ  Tim Ciesco (@TimCiescoNBC5) May 31, 2016This likely won t be the last time something like this happens considering this presidential election has been one of the most bizarre ones in recent memory. I mean, for goodness sake, Donald Trump is the presumptive GOP nominee. It really doesn t get much more bizarre than that. And for the sake of America, let s make sure he doesn t actually win.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6099, CO GOP Swears Racist Anti-Obama Pic Was A Hack – After Lawmaker Says It Was A ‘Joke’ (IMAGE),"The Colorado GOP needs to get their stories straight regarding an outrageously racist anti-Obama Facebook post. Top Delta County lawmaker Linda Sorenson posted a picture of President Reagan feeding a baby monkey, and the caption read,  I ll be damned   Reagan used to babysit Obama.  Luckily, even though the photo was removed, a screen capture lives on so everyone can see what a racist POS this woman is:As if that wasn t bad enough, Sorenson originally said that the photo was nothing more than a  joke,  and went on to say, I really don t care if people are offended by it.  Considering the history of racism in America, and the way black Americans have been compared to animals and treated like animals throughout the history of this country, anyone in such a position of power should definitely know better than post a photo depicting the first black president as any sort of ape.Now, the GOP in Sorenson s county is in full-on damage control mode, and they are insisting that somehow a hacker got ahold of Sorenson s Facebook page and posted the photo to make the lawmaker look like a racist, even going so far as to try to pin the onus for the offensive post on well-known liberal website Media Matters for America.Sue Whittlesey, who is the treasurer for that particular committee, said of Media Matters regarding Linda Sorenson: They ve been harassing her the last few weeks. Vic Ullrey, who chairs this pathetic outfit, said of the matter: This whole thing is a hoax. Someone got into the Facebook somehow. It was hacked and somebody got into it, definitely. Nothing these people say matters, though. They are clearly lying to cover this lying, racist lawmaker s ass. She admitted to not only posting the photo, but to not caring about how offensive it is. The GOP is full of racists, and the way this president has been treated proves it.Featured image via Mike Theiler-Pool/Getty Images",0
6100," Ann Coulter Goes Full Racist, Calls Asian Americans ‘Mandarins’ And Insists It’s O.K.","Ann Coulter, throughout her seemingly long career, has managed to offend just above every group that is not white, male or Christian (or American), although the last one is arguable. She hates African-Americans, Muslims, women, Hispanics, Latinos, Jews, Catholics, immigrants, atheists, scientists, veterans, the LGBT community, and just about everyone else. But the other day, Coulter managed to offend another group of Americans: Asians.Appearing on MSNBC s Hardball with Chris Matthews with Joy Ann Reid, the self-described  Mean spirited, bigoted conservative  struck again when she referred to Asian Americans supporting Donald Trump as  Mandarins.  And in true Coulter fashion, she insisted that it was the correct term even after being told that is was in fact not.Here s how the exchange went:ANN:  You have Mandarin Chinese people with signs for Trump,  Make America Great Again,  written in Mandarin   whether they are Hispanic or Mandarin, the ones inside the stadium are Americans and think of themselves as Americans and want the laws enforced    As I said before they have Mandarins in the audience and Hispanics in the audience. JOY:  What does Mandarin mean? You mean Asian American. They re called Asian Americans, Ann, not Mandarins. ANN: It has nothing to do with demographics. JOY: It s throwback language, it s not 1913. They are called Asian Americans. ANN: Anyways, as I was saying, it has nothing to do with demographics. It has to do with if you re here legally or illegally, whether you consider yourself American, whether the laws on the books are going to be enforced. We have an invasion of people who are - JOY: If your default when discussing Asian Americans is to call them Mandarins, we are not bringing back archaic language here, Ann.  Just talk about people as Americans   Asian Americans. ANN: No, you are not going to police my language. They are Mandarins, it is written in Mandarin. And there it is   the big bad liberal is policing the poor, innocent conservative like a big old bully. Those damn liberals, not wanting to be grossly offensive and racist! How dare they!Now some people may not wholly object to this term. But for starters, it s always important to remember that not all Asians are  Mandarins,  also known as Chinese. When one blanket terms an entire race of people, they dismissing the importance of other cultures, ethnicities, and people of different origin, which is in itself racist. Coulter chose to brush off the importance of these people just because they are Asian (not white), by referring to them with a slur.Second, the term Mandarin was used to describe the public officials of China s imperial government, a government that has not been in place since 1912. So Coulter referring to these supposed Trump supporters as  Mandarins  shows just how stupid she really is, and that she really doesn t care about non-white people or their history.But then again, do any Trump supporters?Watch Ann make a fool of herself (yet again):Featured image via Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images",0
6101, Bookings For Trump’s Hotels Plummet By 60 percent,"Maybe being a racist bigot isn t good for business after all. As Donald Trump ascends to power within the Republican ranks, his day job of being a hotel mogul is taking a serious hit. As the stupidity spews from his mouth on a daily basis, Hipmunk, a Priceonomics customer and travel search engine, shows that bookings for Trump s hotels have plummeted by 60 percent.The methodology used was an in depth analysis of the total US Trump Hotel property bookings made in the first quarter of both 2015 and 2016.In other words, Trump is losing more than half his business.What s even more shocking is Hipmunk has hotel bookings, on average, on the rise while Trump s are among the only going against the grain. Before running for President of the United States, Trump s hotels saw a 1.7 percent increase annually.According to Priceonomics:In New York City and Vegas, Trump Hotels  share of each city s total hotel bookings dropped more than 70 percent. Even in Atlantic City, where Trump Hotels claim the highest percentage of a city s total hotel bookings, Trump Hotels took a major hit year-over-year. The Trump Taj Mahal s share of bookings is down 17% in the first quarter of this year.One of the only Trump hotels that has seen an increase in attendance is the International Hotel Waikiki Beach Walk, which has seen a jump of 4 percent.The biggest decline comes from Trump s Soho New York, which shows a staggering 74 percent net loss in bookings.While Trump lambasts who he calls the  losers  and  haters,  the American people are saying no thanks to his shady and most likely illegal hotel business. It looks like the only  loser  is the Trump Organization. If this trend continues, Trump may have to file for a bankruptcy for the fifth time. While Republicans hope and prey Target goes under, maybe they should pay attention to their frontrunner s business instead.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6102, Noam Chomsky GOES OFF On Donald Trump: ‘He’s A CLOWN!’ (VIDEO),"It s no secret that world-renowned political theorist Noam Chomsky does NOT want Donald Trump in the White House, and thinks it s an absolute tragedy that the presumptive Republican nominee has even managed to get as far as he has.In an interview with Art Is Power, the author and MIT professor criticized The Donald for using  generalized anger  and his racist white supporters  fear of becoming a minority to his advantage, knowing full well that it was a strategy that would work in the polls. Chomsky also likened Trump s hateful rhetoric to Adolf Hitler as he explained Trump s formula for success: So every time Trump makes a nasty comment about whoever, his popularity goes up. Because it s based on hate, you know, hate and fear. And it s unfortunately kind of reminiscent of something unpleasant: Germany, not many years ago. Chomsky pointed out how interesting this year s presidential primaries had been   not in a good way   and used the business mogul as a prime example. He s a clown   literally, he could be in the circus. He s getting huge support from people who are angry at everything. Mostly white males. Working-class, middle-class, poor white males. And their wives and traditional families. They are furious about everything. In his analysis of Trump s campaign, Chomsky explained that all the disgraced candidate had done was tap into America s nativism. In the past, Americans had been worried about being  replaced  by Germans or Irish immigrants. All Trump did was change the words to make his racist supporters scared of Muslims and Mexican immigrants   and he did a great job fear mongering and relentlessly attacking those specific minorities to achieve his goals.You can watch Chomsky rip Trump below:Chomsky has expressed his disgust over the presidential candidate before, when he called the GOP  the most dangerous organization in human history , criticizing it for creating the kind of hostile, extremist political environment that would allow a joker like Trump to rise.Featured image via William B. Plowman and Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6103, This Migrant Baby Drowned Trying To Escape Syria’s Civil War: He’s Not A Terrorist,"Conservatives have embraced the idea that every migrant trying to escape the Syrian Civil War is an Islamist terrorist operating in a sleeper cell who wants to blow up westerners or institute Sharia law. The reality of the situation is that the people trying to escape this conflict are normal families that look like our own.One such child died trying to escape, and the following heartbreaking photo was taken:Shattering. Photo of drowned migrant baby picture captures week of tragedy in Mediterranean. https://t.co/asSQBjdXpN pic.twitter.com/BWHCT6BVjU  Shiv Aroor (@ShivAroor) May 30, 2016A photograph of a drowned migrant baby in the arms of a German rescuer was distributed on Monday by a humanitarian organization aiming to persuade European authorities to ensure safe passage to migrants, after hundreds are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean last week.The baby, who appears to be no more than a year old, was pulled from the sea on Friday after the capsizing of a wooden boat. Forty-five bodies arrived in the southern Italian port of Reggio Calabria on Sunday aboard an Italian navy ship, which picked up 135 survivors from the same incident.German humanitarian organization Sea-Watch, operating a rescue boat in the sea between Libya and Italy, distributed the picture taken by a media production company on board and which showed a rescuer cradling the child like a sleeping baby.The rescuer, a music therapist, said he  began to sing to comfort myself and to give some kind of expression to this incomprehensible, heart-rending moment.  He added,  Just six hours ago this child was alive. While President Obama has decided to accept more immigrants from the conflict, there is an extremely lengthy process for them to come to America, and we aren t accepting very many of them. Republicans have pushed against even that meager number, and some governors have tried to bar migrants from entry (courts have ruled that such decisions are beyond their jurisdictions and they have no say in the matter).Until then, more will die like this infant, trying to escape the horror of war.Featured image via Twitter",0
6104, One Of the Biggest Geniuses Ever Issues A Warning About Donald Trump,"Astrophysicist Stephen Hawking is internationally renowned for his insights into space, time, and the fundamental nature of the universe and how it was formed. Despite all this knowledge, Hawking is confounded by the Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump.For Stephen Hawking, the world-renowned expert in theoretical physics and cosmology, the success of Donald Trump s presidential campaign is a mystery.Hawking called Trump  a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator,  during an appearance on the United Kingdom s ITV network.In addition to his scientific work, Hawking, who has a slow-progressing form of ALS, is a vocal advocate for individuals with disabilities. Trump drew criticism late last year on the campaign trail when he appeared to mock a New York Times reporter with a disability at a rally in South Carolina. Trump later denied mocking the reporter and said he had never met him.Hawking is far from the first prominent British citizen to speak out on Trump. The GOP standardbearer has been so extreme in his rhetoric, especially when it comes to attacking Latinos (he called Mexicans criminals and  rapists ) and Muslims (Trump called for a ban on Muslim travel to the United States), that Prime Minister David Cameron was compelled to speak out.While Cameron disagreed with some who called for a ban on Trump traveling to the United Kingdom, he described the proposal as  divisive, stupid and wrong.  Trump responded to the slam by indicating that he would hold it against Cameron should he be elected president, creating distance between the two countries and their famously strong alliance.Unlike Hawking and Cameron, Trump s anti-Muslim leanings have shown to be popular with Republicans, as polls have shown that a majority of the party s voters support it, including voters who backed candidates other than Trump in the primary.Featured image via Flickr",0
6105, Let’s Compare President Obama’s Memorial Day Statement To Donald Trump’s,"The mere thought that Donald Trump could succeed President Obama is mindboggling. If you need any visual representation to figure this out, look no closer than the two s personal twitter statements honoring Memorial Day.First we have the Commander in Chief s:This Memorial Day, I hope you ll join me in acts of remembrance. The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay.  President Obama (@POTUS) May 30, 2016And now Donald Trump s wonderful tribute: Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2016So one honors America s fallen and the other decides to use it as a campaign pitch that eerily resembles Hitler s slogan. How fitting for a Memorial Day tribute. While President Obama lays the wreath on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, Trump decides to spend his day railing against Hispanic immigrants, complaining about Bernie Sanders  rally sizes, and of course pledged to build the wall.So instead of actually honoring those who have fallen, Trump continued to bloat his ego and echo his stupid campaign slogans to a group of angry bikers.But the best Tweet Donald Trump ever sent out on Memorial Day is from last year when he decided to use the day to attack those who don t support him:I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 24, 2015So there s that. President Obama, the Democrat, honors those who gave their lives for us while Trump, the Republican, insults his  haters  and those he perceives to be losers.The difference is night and day. The fact Republicans really think their people care about veterans is laughable especially now that Trump is their nominee.Should Trump win the presidential election, veterans and service members alike will be missing President Obama something fierce.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
6106, Rosie O’Donnell Retitles The News To More Honestly Depict Donald Trump (TWEET),"As much as he and his supporters want to say the media is against Donald Trump, it s clearly not. Trump has gotten a ridiculous amount of media attention, and it would be easy to say much more than any other candidate of either party.With this media attention comes an abundance of newspaper articles, blog posts and ledes to stories. All with their own way to describe something Trump has said or done or is being scrutinized for. Many of which are pretty straight-forward and bland, not really depicting Trump in a way that really embodies his true essence.Well, fixing this dilemma is none other than the extraordinary Rosie O Donnell who took to Twitter to retitle the news to more accurately depict Donald Trump.For example, Huffington Post titled an article,  Judge Criticized By Trump Unseals Documents In Trump University Case,  but Rosie kept it real and wrote: ORANGE PEOPLE STEAL MONEY FROM UNSUSPECTING INNOCENTS ORANGE PEOPLE STEAL MONEY FROM UNSUSPECTING INNOCENTS https://t.co/1988CJAPB4 via @HuffPostPol #DEPORTORANGEMAN  Rosie (@Rosie) May 30, 2016Which is exactly what he did. Let s not try to sugarcoat what a scam artist Donald Trump actually is. He opened a make-believe  university,  took people s money, and laughed all the way to the bank. He scammed people then like he is scamming people now when he says he ll make a good president. When in reality he d be the worst president we ve ever seen. Yes, even worse than George W. Bush. Trump has absolutely no policy experience whatsoever, foreign or domestic, and he would be an embarrassment to the entire nation if he were to represent us in the world forum.It s getting to the point where you re waiting for the big reveal, as though someone is about to come out and say,  Hey America, you re on Candid Camera,  and we can all breathe a collective sigh of relief. However, until then, kudos to Rosie O Donnell for keeping in real.Featured Photo by Andrew Toth/Getty Images for Fund for Women s Equality/ ERA Coalition",0
6107, Fly Over Shows May 12 Gulf Oil Spill Far Worse Than Reported (VIDEO),"Shell admits to spilling 90,000 gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico on May 12, 2016. Footage of the spill, captured by Ecogig Scientist Dr. Ian MacDonald during a fly over of the site, shows that the company has vastly misrepresented the size and magnitude of the spill.According to MacDonald, the spill covers more than five square nautical miles, the equivalent of 20 square kilometers, or about 5,000 acres.Maps, flight logs and other documentation regarding the aerial survey of the May 12 Gulf oil spill can be found here.MacDonald s survey of the deepwater spill found that the extent of the damage is not consistent with the company s stated figures.As MacDonald reports here:Even if the average thickness of the visible oil were a mere 100 micron (0.1 millimeter, vastly smaller than the areas of emulsified oil that stretch across the area), the visible surface oil would represent about 500,000 gallons of oil.MacDonald is with the nonprofit organization On Wings Of Care. The group has conducted hundreds of aerial surveys and logged thousands of flight-tracking hours since 2004, working in the Gulf of Mexico, Pacific Ocean coast and many other areas.Referring to the recent Shell oil spill, which is located about 100 miles off the coast of Louisiana, MacDonald stressed the severity of what he observed, saying: We haven t seen images like this since the BP disaster of 2010.According to his report, which can be read here, the smell of oil was so strong that it was physically  uncomfortable  for the crew to fly closer than 1,000 feet above the spill.During the fly over MacDonald observed two small  clean-up  vessels.According to the report:There were two skimming vessels in the vicinity, but they appeared to be on the distant periphery of the slick, and the amount of oil that appeared to be within their booms was pitifully small compared to the size of the slick, which covered over 5 square nautical miles.On May 16, SkyTruth, a nonprofit environmental organization based in West-Virginia, blasted Shell s response to the spill calling it  a joke, but not a very funny joke,  writing:Thank you, Shell, for demonstrating quite convincingly over the past 4 days that oil spill cleanup is nothing more than a convenient fantasy.The organization also raised alarms about the shoddy monitoring of offshore drilling operations, noting that the recent spill was discovered entirely by accident.This spill was discovered accidentally by a helicopter pilot flying over the area who happened to spot the slick.  That s right: a modern pipeline at a high-tech deepwater development project leaked thousands of gallons of oil, and that leak was accidentally discovered.  Not because high-tech telemetry on the pipeline signaled an alarm due to a drop in pressure; not because flow metering detected a difference between what was going in one end of the pipe vs. what was coming out the other.  How long would this leak have continued, if not for the sheer luck of having a vigilant pilot happening by?Here s the disturbing footage from MacDonald s fly over of the spill. Image credit: video screen capture via Ian MacDonald, YouTube",0
6108, Trump Responds To Third-Party Candidate The Only Way He Knows How (TWEETS),"On Sunday, Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol teased that an  independent candidate   an impressive one, with a strong team and a real chance  could be entering the presidential race very soon   an announcement that would strike fear into the heart of the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump.TwitterAlthough Kristol didn t throw out any specific names, it was definitely an exciting announcement for the #NeverTrump movement, and a predictable move from the Republican strategist. For the last few weeks, Kristol has been calling for an independent conservative to run against Trump   a personal mission that has earned him scorn and names like Republican spoiler  and  renegade Jew  from conservative news outlets like Breitbart.Thanks to Trump s social media addiction and the fact that he is incapable of focusing his attention on creating sound policies and solutions like a true presidential candidate should, Trump noticed almost immediately that Kristol had launched yet another attack against him.Shortly after Kristol s announcement, Trump fired back using his favorite social media platform   Twitter. He lashed out, calling Kristol a  dummy  and  loser  and begged his fellow Republicans  to be smart & strong . He also channeled his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who had recently said that if there was a third-party candidate, we could all kiss the Second Amendment goodbye because the Democrats would take over the Supreme Court.TwitterTwitterTwitterTrump is likely terrified by the idea that he might have another candidate to beat   because surely another Republican candidate would not only split the GOP, but highly jeopardize his chances of winning against Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton. But regardless of how Trump feels about Kristol s announcement, it s definitely an exciting one for the Democrats. If a third-party candidate enters the race to run against Trump, the GOP can pretty much forget about winning the election.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6109, Bill Kristol: Independent Candidate Will Announce Candidacy Against Trump,"As Republicans unite around GOP candidate Donald Trump, all hope seems to be lost for the  Never Trump  camp.But Republican strategist, commentator and neoconservative Bill Kristol may have just revived the  Never Trump  camp with one tweet:Just a heads up over this holiday weekend: There will be an independent candidate an impressive one, with a strong team and a real chance.  Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) May 29, 2016Although Kristol has in no way hinted at who that candidate may be, one can assume it could be from a shortlist of conservatives who have been openly hostile to Trump: Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, former presidential candidate Mitt Romney, Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez, or perhaps Kristol himself.Should a conservative  Independent  run against Donald Trump, such a move would all but ensure a Clinton victory. A split GOP would pave the way for not only a Democratic takeover of the White House, but the GOP would suffer badly in their vulnerable Senate elections, and Democrats could very well take back the House.Simply put, Republicans putting in a third party candidate would be the revolution Sanders and Trump have been talking about all along, and neither would benefit much from it.It s amazing that Republicans haven t learned their lesson from the last two elections   that a last minute effort to add pizzazz to an election never bodes well for their end game. They learned that when McCain tried to pander to women with Sarah Palin in 2008, and they learned that in 2012 when they tried to entice business Republicans with Mitt Romney.Perhaps this third party candidate, aside from Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party, could have a real representation by the electorate, sending a strong message to the GOP that their flirtation with right-wing extremism needs to come to an end once and for all.Maybe that was the GOP s end game after all   put the final nail into the coffin that is extremism and start anew, because with America s growing diversity, they won t last long cow towing to the crazies.Featured image via George Frey/Getty Images",0
6110, The Los Angeles Times Endorses Hillary Clinton Ahead Of California Primary,"As Politico reports an almost neck-and-neck race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, the Los Angeles Times has endorsed the former Secretary of State before the critical primary on June 7.The editorial board laid out plainly their support for Clinton, highlighting her ability to get the job done in the face of rising populism:As all the world knows, Clinton would be the first woman elected president of the United States. That would be a joyous, long-awaited, landmark moment in American history after centuries of discrimination and second-class status for half the population. But the real reason to support her is that she is the Democratic candidate most likely to get the job done.As the mainstream media is peddling a completely false narrative that Clinton s support is unexcited or unenthusiastic, the Los Angeles Times destroys that now hackneyed talking point:[C]linton s candidacy might seem unexciting. But nominating a candidate for president is, or ought to be, serious business. As Obama himself likely would admit after almost eight years in the White House, there is more to being president than grand promises, whether they are about  hope and change  or a political revolution. We admire Bernie Sanders  passion for progress and equality, but our endorsement goes to the candidate who is more likely to translate ideals into action.Sanders and Clinton have been fighting hard to win over the California electorate, which offers up just under 550 delegates. Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight currently gives Clinton a 97 percent chance of winning the state, but Sanders has shown to be as competitive as ever.The Times pointed out that Sanders  popular rhetoric amongst younger voters have made him a very formidable candidate who should be taken seriously, not brushed aside even heading into the convention (assuming Clinton clinches the magic number of delegates to win). Saying that he has made the race more substantive and he has drawn Clinton to he left, the board seriously doubted his ability to bring Republicans to the table.But that s not to say he couldn t.On the last day of registration, over 150,000 new citizens were admitted on the rolls, 42 percent of which were between the ages of 18 and 34, a good sign for Senator Sanders. Sanders also has outspent Clinton in critical metropolitan areas all across the state, including Los Angeles, Anaheim, San Diego and so forth.As the primary winds down, California will be the seemingly final hurrah in a long battle between the two progressive candidates, with one victor walking away as the nominee for president come July.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6111," There’s A New Memorial Day Tradition, And It Will Piss Trump Voters Off (VIDEO)","It s Memorial Day, which means that most across the country will be Barbecuing, spending time at the beach or just relaxing. Others are being reverent, remembering those who were lost during the nation s numerous wars. There s a new tradition, though, and conservatives won t be happy. The tradition is to burn the Confederate flag.It started lat year and it wasn t big. Several, including artists, and anyone who hates the tradition of Southern racism, joined together in an attempt to enlighten the world on what the Confederate flag stands for. The confederate flag is the N-word on a pole,  said Sarasota, Florida, artist John Sims, who coordinated symbolic burials of the Confederate flag on Monday in the 13 states represented by the stars of the flag, including Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana and Mississippi. Source: IB TimesThis year, organizer John Sims hopes that the movement will spread. Last year, it was over just 13 cities. This year, it could be nationwide, although you don t see a lot of Confederate flags outside of the South. So, Sims has made it easier. He s created a  Burn and Bury  kit that can be downloaded. You don t even have to buy anything. You can print it.While this will definitely anger Trump voters (watch for lots of cries of  political correctness. ), that s not why Sims is doing it. He, like so many in this country, hate what the flag stands for.Southern heritage groups like the Sons of Confederate Veterans  have failed to recognized the unredeemable nature of the Confederate flag as symbol of Southern heritage,  Sims told Think Progress.  And to deny this flag s connection to American white supremacy and fear of the loss of white privilege is insane. I challenge the Sons of Confederate Veterans to come correct and acknowledge that the Confederate flag should be retired as an artifact. And after that they should help advocate for reparations for slavery. He added he hoped Burn and Bury Memorial Day would  ritualistically confront through reflection and catharsis, the pain and trauma of a very horrific part of American history. Source: YahooFor those who defend the flag as just being part of Southern history, it is, but it s a shameful part of Southern history. Here s the designer of the Confederate flag, Thompson, speaking for himself:Image courtesy of MicThompson went on to describe it as a white man s flag:According to a recent survey, Republicans still love the thing. Fewer than half of Republicans believe the flag is racist.",0
6112, ‘Loving’ Christians Make Plans To Harass Thousands Of People At DC Rally,"A group of about 1,000 Christians planned to attend next week s Reason Rally in Washington, D.C., so they could hand out literature and about $25,000 in Subway gift cards. The purpose was to show the atheists that would be there some so-called  Christian love.  However, the D.C. police have put a stop to that, saying they would have to get a separate permit, and stay on the other side of the National Mall, because such a gathering constitutes a protest.Organizer Ray Comfort told Christian NewsWire the following: In what is so often a cruel world, we tried to show a little kindness and it didn t work. So it now looks like we will be eating Subway sandwiches for the next 40 years. Oh, no. What to do, what to do? Comfort will still be allowed to film the event, because his film crew is too small to need a permit. Since the Reason Rally is free and open to the public, Comfort is now encouraging Christians to go as individuals, and not as a group, so they can still proselytize to the atheists there. That s their M.O.   force their religion down the throats of anyone who doesn t believe in any way possible.While Comfort can understand the perspective of the police they re trying to maintain peace there s a solid chance that there will be Christians there who don t get it at all, and only see their so-called  mission from God,  to convert these heathens. For instance, Eric Hovind, writing on Creation Today, said: On June 4, 2016 we will be gathering in Washington, D.C. to share the love of Christ with a group of people who practice the religion of Selfianity. That s right, they self identify as  Atheists  in order to become worshipers of themselves. Oh, please. Hovind is one of those that thinks atheists (and other non-Christians) are the root of what s wrong with the world. He won t be the only one there to think that way, either.Hovind calls his blog post  REASON hits the Reason Rally 2016,  in a lame attempt to demonstrate that Christianity is the only reason there is. He s one of those that will probably end up hounding the atheists that attend.There is one good thing to come out of this. Some readers of The Friendly Atheist were able to convince Ray Comfort to give those Subway gift cards to the homeless. That there is true Christian love   helping the downtrodden. They need to spend more time doing that, and less time trying to convert people to their religion and taking over the country.Featured image by Brambmanu. Licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 via Commons",0
6113, How One Teacher Responded After Nearly Losing A Student To Suicide (VIDEO),"Brittni Darras teaches English at Rampart High School, located in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The suicide rate in the state of Colorado reached an all-time high last year. As of 2015, Colorado had the seventh-highest suicide rate in the country. As a high school teacher, Darras has not been untouched by these statistics.According to a post Darras published to Facebook on May 24, the teacher recently learned that she d come  way too close to losing another student to suicide. Two months ago was the first time I cried during parent/teacher conferences. A mom of a student who I have taught for two years showed up at my table with a list of her daughter s teachers. Each one had  yes  or  no  written next to it. As the teacher explained during an interview with KOAA, the student s mother had asked her daughter to identify which of her teachers were  safe to tell,  by writing yes or no by their names.Darras  post continues: My name had a  yes  next to it, so she proceeded to explain to me the reason for her daughter s extended absence. Her daughter- a friendly, intelligent, beautiful, driven, young woman- not only planned to commit suicide, but was in the act of doing so when the police got a Safe 2 Tell report, broke in, and stopped her. She had deleted her social media accounts and left goodbye letters; she was ready to leave the world. Darras wrote that she and the student s mother  had tears streaming down our faces. The teacher asked what she could do that might make a difference in the life of the student she d nearly lost to suicide.She wrote: Feeling helpless, I asked if I could write my student a letter to be delivered to her at the hospital; she said her daughter would love that. My student got the letter; her mom said that her daughter cried, turned to her mom and said,  How could somebody say such nice things about me? I didn t think anybody would miss me if I was gone.' She didn t stop there, though. Darras spent the next two months writing personal letters to every one of the 130 students that she teaches. She took the time to tell each student what is special and unique about them. One student who received one of the teacher s handwritten letters described it as  just incredible. During an interview with KOAA the student said: I was just first of all surprised by how much she wrote. Usually when people write letters, it s like one or two sentences, like either  Happy Birthday,  or  Merry Christmas,  or  I hope you re doing fine.' But Darras letters to her students show that she cares deeply for each and every one of them.In her Facebook post, which has now been shared 164,000 times, the teacher wrote: Suicide is growing to be more and more common, and I can t help but to think that it s a direct result of the pressure we put on these kids- to be successful, to fit in, to be the best in their class/sport/etc. We need to remember that each human being is unique, and that is what makes them special. Instead of trying to change it, we need to embrace it, because together, we can make a difference, and we can save lives! By taking the time to show each of her students that they are valued, this teacher is undoubtedly making a difference in their lives.Here s more on this story from KOAA:KOAA.com | Continuous News | Colorado Springs and PuebloFeatured image via video screen capture via KOAA",0
6114, Libertarian Candidate Strips On Stage During Convention (VIDEO),"This weekend, the Libertarian Party held its annual convention in Orlando, Florida. On Sunday, as ballots were being counted to determine who would be the party s presidential and vice-presidential nominees, candidates vying for party chairman were each allowed two minutes to speak.During this time, James Weeks, a candidate for the chairman position, took to the stage. Instead of using his two minutes to urge party members to vote for him, he instead used his time to do a striptease.Reporters who were covering the convention tweeted out photos and video of the candidate s performance.The Washington Post s Dave Weigel tweeted:Image credit: Screen capture via Dave Weigel on TwitterAt around the same time, Byron Tau of the Wall Street Journal posted this image to Twitter.Image credit: Byron Tau via TwitterMeanwhile, Vaughn Hillyard of NBC News wondered how C-SPAN was dealing with the spontaneous striptease.Image credit: Vaughn Hillyard via TwitterC-SPAN aired the candidate s performance live.Video of the C-SPAN coverage, which identifies the candidate as James Weeks, was quickly posted to YouTube. At the end of the performance, Weeks told the audience that  it was a dare,  and announcing that he was going to  go ahead and drop out. Watch the video below, courtesy of Crazy Horse on YouTube.According to multiple sources, many Libertarian Party delegates were not happy with Week s performance.Ben Jacobs, a reporter with The Guardian tweeted:NBC News reporter Jane Timm quoted other delegates, one who called the performance  offensive,  and another who feared that it might give people the wrong impression of the Libertarian Party.While Weeks  performance is the most attention-getting story to come out of the Libertarian convention, it s not the only thing that happened.CNN reports party delegates eventually selected Gary Johnson, former Governor of New Mexico, as their presidential nominee and ex-Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld was chosen as vice presidential nominee.Image credit: video screen capture via C-Span on YouTube",0
6115, WATCH: Trump’s Campaign Manager Gets Brutally Called Out For This Pathetic Lie (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, was grilled by Fox News  Chris Wallace over Trump s dismal polling numbers with women and Hispanic people.Trump, being the giant blowhard that he is, recently insulted the Republican governor of New Mexico, who happens to be a Hispanic woman. Not the best move to make if your goal is to take the White House in November.During the interview, Wallace asks Lewandowski about the matter: Corey, why on earth would the now Republican nominee since he s clinched the nomination, why would he call out the popular governor of a swing state like New Mexico who just happens to be the head of the Republicans Governor Association? Lewandowski evades the question, giving Wallace a stock  Trump s just being Trump  non-answer: Well, here s what happened, Chris, and you know this.  Every time Mr. Trump goes to speak somewhere, he lays out the problems with that given location, whether it s Ohio or Michigan, or Indiana, you know, your country is a mess right now. Wallace presses Lewandowski on the issue, playing a clip of Newt Gingrich where he states that Trump needs to do more to appeal to Latinos and women.That s when Lewandowski drops a lie that is so embarrassingly blatant, it should end his career. These are things that are said everywhere we go.  And so, you know, if Donald Trump is winning with Latinos, if you look at the last poll, he s winning with Hispanics.  If you look at the polls, he s doing very well with women.  He has a much more  Wallace cutsLewandowskii off to say: Corey, wait, he s not winning with women and he s not winning with Hispanics.  His numbers are hugely underwater with both. Ouch, that has got to sting. Wallace is telling the truth. Trump s polling numbers with both women and Hispanics (not surprisingly) are extremely low. This call out probably won t stop Trump and the rest of his campaign staff from repeating this ludicrous lie.You can watch the interview in full, below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZpTrryZnxAFeatured image from video screenshot",0
6116," Missouri Legislators Took 32,138 Free Gifts From Lobbyists","A new report from the Missouri Ethics Commission documents 32,128 gifts to state legislators from lobbyists undoubtedly hoping to influence their decisions.The Missouri Ethics Commission collected information on gifts provided to state lawmakers from January 2012 to January of this year. St. Louis Today published a searchable database here. The database includes information on lobbying organizations that provided gifts to state lawmakers, as well as the elected officials who accepted them.Many of the gifts were valued at less than $100. The gifts that fell into this value range most often included things like lunch, dinner, drinks and coffee.State lawmakers also accepted thousands of gifts which were valued between $100 and $2,000. These gifts included things like travel expenses and tickets to concerts and sporting events, among other things.Among the organizations that doled out gifts to Missouri lawmakers were lobbyists representing banks, insurance companies, casinos, the pharmaceutical industry, utility companies and many others.An earlier report from the Ethics Commission, which documented lobbyist gifts provided to lawmakers between 2004 and 2014, showed that, on average, state legislators take nearly $1 million worth of free gifts from registered lobbyists each year.While it might be tempting to dismiss the tens of thousands of gifts which are valued at less than $100, the truth is that these gifts buy lobbyists something ordinary citizens don t have, access to government.When was the last time you bought your state representative a cup of coffee or lunch at Red Lobster? Unless you re a lobbyist, you ve likely never had that kind of access to the people who represent you in government.The Missouri Ethics Commission report comes as Governor Jay Nixon seeks to restrict the ability of lawmakers to accept unlimited gifts from lobbyists.Many Missouri residents would like to see a total ban on lobbyist gifts, but it s unlikely that state lawmakers will approve any legislation that goes that far.During an interview with the Associated Press earlier this month, Nixon said he hopes to see the legislature act, even if they refuse to pass a full ban. When the public demands something for a number of years, a response by those that are in elected office to that   even if it doesn t get the full loaf, if it moves forward   is important. Maybe if the public had the kind of access that lobbyists are getting, Missouri lawmakers would be more willing to take action.Featured image via Pixabay public domain",0
6117, This Expert Just Shut Down Every Claim That Trump Is Not A Racist (VIDEO),"There should be no doubt that racism is very much at least part of what is fueling Donald Trump s presidential campaign. Tim Wise, a major figure in the study of racism, is more than qualified to dissect and explain how Trump is exploiting racism in the United States to further his political ambitions.That s exactly what Wise did during an appearance on CNN s Reliable Sources on Sunday. The show s host Brian Stelter began the segment by mentioning the abundance of analysis on Trump s exploitation of  economic anxiety.  Stelter questioned why there has been so much talk about this economic anxiety and so little about racial anxiety.Wise quickly laid it out that economic anxiety is not the only reason Trump is the only one left in the GOP clown car. If the only reason for Trump s support was economic anxiety then people of color should be flocking to Trump. Because black folks, for instance, are twice as likely to be out of work as white folks, three times as likely to be poor, have 1/15 the net worth, nine years less life expectancy in large part due to economic inequality. Wise just shut down a year s worth of analysts who have desperately tried to shut down Trump s use of the racism with an economics answer.Wise goes on to explain that there are many similarities between what Trump says and what southerners say when questioned about the Civil War. Invariably many will make the ridiculous claim that the war was not about slavery but about state s rights.This is an apt comparison. Since the GOP s creation of the southern strategy, racism has been a key component of the Republican Party s ideology. That racism has come in the polite form. Rather than call for the end of the Voting Rights Act because Republicans want to make it harder for racial minorities to vote, they say it is a matter of state s rights. One of the biggest examples of this is the semi-recent revelation that the GOP s economic policy agenda for the past 40 plus years has been nothing more than a scheme to be incredibly racist without appearing to do so.You can watch the segment below in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
6118, Donald Trump Implies That He Wants The National Mall To Be Torn Up (VIDEO),"It s become abundantly clear that Donald Trump doesn t think through what he s saying, basically at any given moment. His mouth has no filter, and he says whatever is on his mind at any time without thinking about the consequences of his speech. And then when people call him on his obnoxious rhetoric, instead of backing down or clarifying, he owns the rhetoric and doubles down on it.Now, it yet another moment of being incapable of using critical thinking skills, Donald Trump compares the Rolling Thunder rally, which is pretty much all motorcycles, to Martin Luther King Jr. s march on Washington, and then he also wants the motorcycles to be able to drive all over the National Mall. He doesn t like that they re only able to drive on the streets. However, anyone with a thinking brain could tell you that we shouldn t destroy the National Mall and have it torn up with hundreds, if not thousands, of motorcycles.If Trump sincerely means all the things that he says then we ve got a pretty big problem on our hands if he actually becomes president. So, for the sake of all that is good and decent in humanity, no matter who, vote blue.Watch here:WATCH: @realDonaldTrump says he thought Rolling Thunder rally in D.C. would be like MLK s March on Washington:https://t.co/9HuaDSawUx  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) May 29, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6119, Watch These Troops React As Jimmy Fallon And Adam Sandler Honor Them With Hilarious Country Song,"It s Memorial Day Weekend so, along with last week being Fleet Week in New York City, The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon had to come up with something to celebrate all those troops being in town. Fallon s tribute? A song called,  I ve Got Friends On All Bases,  which he and Adam Sandler sang to an audience full of service men and women from all five branches of the military.Fallon began the song with: Well I ll tell you the truth, I love all the troops, protectin  the land, sea and air. Sandler chimed in with: Now you re back in town, keepin  us safe and sound, from that crazy-ass Elmo in Times Square. They both sang that they have friends  from the Navy, up to the Air Force Aces; the Army Greens, Coast Guard and Marines,  being absolutely certain to include everyone in their comedic piece of music. It s especially fitting since we still have lots of troops in the Middle East, and may send a lot more there (and everywhere else) if Donald Trump gets elected in November.But while the song itself was amusing (to say the least), it was the troops  reaction to the song that was the real treat of the evening. Watch below, via The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon: I ve Got Friends On All Bases  is a parody of Garth Brooks   I ve Got Friends In Low Places,  which Fallon and Sandler clearly had a lot of fun with. However, it s a good bet that their audience of soldiers had even more fun than they did.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
6120, Bernie Sanders Lets Chuck Todd Know If He’s Willing To Be Vice President (VIDEO),"With the Democratic primary process drawing to a close soon, and Hillary Clinton likely obtaining the required delegates needed to secure the nomination after June 7, it leaves the question open as to whether or not Bernie Sanders would be open to being vice president.So, while appearing on Meet the Press, host Chuck Todd pressed Sanders on that very issue. Todd asked: Would you take the call if Hillary Clinton asked you to be her running mate? Sanders replied: Right now, again, here we are in California, I m knocking my brains out to win the Democratic nomination. That s where I am right now. What happens afterwards, you know, we ll see. But right now, my focus is on winning the nomination. It s that  we ll see  that has everyone talking. It shows that he definitely seems to be entertaining the idea. However, it s completely understandable that he wouldn t want to definitively say  yes,  or  no  for that matter, as the primary contests are still not over, and Sanders, as well as his supporters, would like to see how things turn out first.Would a Clinton/Sanders ticket unite the party that seems to be divided at the moment? Very likely so, but that doesn t mean it would be something that should happen. However, no matter what, whoever doesn t get the nomination should find it their new purpose to make sure Donald Trump stays out of the White House. Because a Trump win wouldn t only be devastating for the nation, but the entire world. Watch the segment here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6121, WATCH: RNC Platform Leader Refuses To Say How Much GOP Hates Muslims (VIDEO),"It appears that Republicans aren t quite sure if they are on board with Donald Trump s plan to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. During an interview with Jonathan Karl on ABC s This Week, Karl questioedn Republican Senator John Barrasso about Trump s proposed Muslim ban.Barasso, who is going to serve as the chair of Republican national convention s platform committee dodged the answer multiple times during the interview.Here s a transcript of the exchange:JONATHAN KARL: Well, Trump has won. What   where does the party now stand on that Muslim ban?JOHN BARRASSO: You know, the platform is about the core values of our party. It s who we are, it s what we stand for, and I met with Donald Trump about it and he understands that the platform is very important to the Republican Party. It s going to be a conservative platform that s going to be positive, optimistic, looking to the future, focused on things like jobs, the economy, and national security. And what he was focused on with that ban is national security.The platform is going to be focusing on growing the economy. We have too many Americans who are suffering the stagnant wages  KARL: But  BARRASSO: This 1 to 2 percent economic growth that we have here is   cannot be the new normal for America. So the platform is going to be something that all Republicans can be proud of and national security is going to be a big part of it.KARL: But I asked you very directly where does the Republican Party now stand on the idea of imposing a temporary ban on Muslims coming into this country? Donald Trump won; sixty percent of Republican voters in exit polls agreed with him on that proposal. You called it un-American. Where does it stand now?BARRASSO: Well, the platform committee will meet in Cleveland in July for a full week before the convention. It s 112 members of the platform committee. And we ve asked Donald Trump to allow the process to play out. He has agreed to do that. And I ve asked him personally to embrace the platform and I believe he will. National security will be a big part of it.The fact that Barasso can t even address one of the biggest proposals the GOP s new figurehead has called for reveals exactly how dysfunctional the party is at this time.A house   or party in this case   is a one that destined to fall. Trump has pushed the GOP to take new extremes on just about every issue. Now the left gets to sit back and watch as the party divides itself between lite-fascists and moderate conservatives.You can watch the interview in full, below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
6122, Marco Rubio DEFENDS Trump Calling Mexicans ‘Rapists’: “I Give Him Credit!’ (VIDEO),"Former GOP presidential candidate Marco Rubio made several startling comments in a truly humiliating interview on Sunday, in which he actually defended his least favorite Republican rival, Donald Trump.But it wasn t just Rubio s support that was baffling, considering that their vicious battle to win the nomination was full of insults. It was actually what Rubio said about Trump s racist, grotesque anti-immigration statements that raised eyebrows. Instead of criticizing those vulgar comments, Rubio defended Trump!During the interview, CNN s Jake Tapper brought up the fact that Trump had been gaining the support of  some scary dudes  from  hate groups . Rubio insisted that Trump was not a white nationalist, and remarked that the support from racists has been unfortunate. It s offensive. And not just against me, but the fact that elements like that are still involved in American politics. And traditionally a candidate would disavow that and say,  I want nothing to do with it, I don t want them as part of my campaign. Tapper was quick to note that Trump didn t distance himself from his controversial following at all. Rubio replied: And I didn t like that. And I said that at the time. And you know, it is what it is. Obviously, I don t believe Donald Trump is a white nationalist. I don t believe that those are his views. But I do think that it s unfortunate that people like that have found the ability to express themselves in this way in a campaign. And I didn t like it  I just don t really think that there s a place for that in our party and our country. Rubio then tackled the fact that Trump had made his own racially-charged statements, like the time he called Mexicans  rapists.  Rubio said it was an  offensive comment  and  highly inaccurate,  but ultimately gave Trump  credit  for being able to expertly manipulate the media through offending people: Here s the trap you re in. If you respond to it, [Trump] is getting what he wants. That s why he s sometime saying this, to dominate the [news] cycle. I don t give him credit for what he said, but I give him credit for the way that he understands this stuff.Media is a business and it s driven by ratings, and based on your ratings is what you can charge your advertisers. And so, this content is interesting content. It s different. And it s over the top. And it draws eyeballs and ears to hear what people are saying and see it. Donald understood that. Absolutely disgusting. Being a racist should NEVER be used as a ploy to attract media attention, and supporting this childish tactic is even worse. Shame on you, Rubio, for not only selling out but for encouraging such behavior.You can watch Rubio come to Trump s rescue below:During the same interview, Rubio also apologized for his attacks on Trump while they were facing off for the nomination, particularly the insults that Trump was most sensitive about   his tiny hands.This defense of Trump from Rubio is so pathetic and disappointing, especially because for a while the Florida senator seemed like he was the only GOP candidate that had enough spine to actually go after Trump and give the business mogul a taste of his own medicine. Now Rubio is no better than Ben Carson and Chris Christie, who were both former candidates that took the humiliating leap to endorse Trump.Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
6123, WATCH: Fox News Incites Anger And Controversy Over Hot Dogs…Seriously,"Fox News has declared war on the Merriam-Webster Dictionary for defining a hot dog as a sandwich.America s most embarrassing  news  network literally incited anger over the classification when Fox & Friends reported on it on Saturday.To celebrate Memorial Day, the Merriam-Webster Dictionary posted a tweet reminding everyone that a hot dog is a sandwich because the definition of a sandwich is  two or more slices of bread or a split roll having a filling in between. While many people have differing opinions on the topic, the dictionary definition certainly makes it sound like a hot dog is, indeed, a sandwich. Look at Subway for instance.When Subway slices their bread open, they normally do not cut it open all the way through. If one were to turn the bread on its side it would look just like a hot dog bun, except stuffed with meat, cheese, and veggies.So it makes sense that a hot dog can be classified as a type of sandwich.But Fox News viewers lashed out and host Anna Kooiman read out an angry viewer s comment calling the definition  an act of terrorism. Tucker Carlson then chimed in by calling it un-American. It sounds like overstatement but when you attack a hot dog you attack America,  Carlson said.The pair then threw the segment to Clayton Morris, who was out and about in Times Square desperately looking for hot dog vendors to weigh in on the  controversy. When Morris finally found one, the vendor wanted nothing to do with him or Fox News and actually ended up closing down his hot dog stand rather than talk to him. When Morris attempted to serve himself, which most people would call stealing, the vendor returned and apparently brought police with him.Here s the video via YouTube:Is there anything Fox News won t try to stoke anger over? Because trying to make Americans freak out over the dictionary definition of a hot dog is pretty damn petty and ridiculous. Fox clearly will do anything to keep their viewers angry.Featured Image: Pixabay",0
6124, Check Out This Racist ‘What Do You Hate Most About Obama’ Poll Conservatives Are Sharing (IMAGES),"Conservatives just love to be stupid. They can t help it; it s a byproduct of believing the rhetoric, propaganda and lies spread by their corporate masters to keep them in line. We all know it; we see it every day. Now, for your viewing pleasure, a conservative page of almost 100K fans has given us some true insight into what matters most to them with a  what do you hate most about Obama  poll that shows the true colors and (lack of) intellect of a collective of like-minded imbeciles.First, let s start with the page itself. In the tradition of idiotic page names conservatives seem to love, this one is called  The Resistance: The Last Line of Defense.  Resistance against what? One could only imagine that it s resistance against the cruel Obama dictatorship that has guided our country through a recovery from the second worst financial crisis in its history. The  line of defense?  That would appear to be a series of dumbass memes that show intolerance and hate that is way over the top, even for these a**holes.Now that we re familiar with the cretins we re dealing with, let s have a look at the poll:If you were going to give five reasons to hate any other President, would the last two entries be necessary? Something tells me this may be a sign of some mild racism. Being a curiously adventurous soul, I fired up one of my alt accounts and messaged the page with a couple of questions about their choices. They were surprisingly cooperative:It was almost too good to be true for the purpose of this article. On the other hand, it s extraordinarily sad that people like this actually exist in the 21st century. Now for the moment you ve been waiting for. The results.Of the 332 respondents, only 6 chose  the color of his skin.  That would have been an indication that the racism we see directed at the president may be somewhat exaggerated had 98 (30 percent) of respondents chosen  He s a Muslim terrorist.  Here is the full list of results:So while 30 percent of respondents are racist piles of doody, more than 50 percent chose the most ambiguous answer possible, proving they have no idea why they hate President Obama. It would have been so much more convenient had they chosen skin color like they wanted to.And there you have it: a look inside the collective mindset of a bunch of Trump-loving racists. You re welcome.Featured image by Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images",0
6125, Rubio Apologizes For Questioning Trump’s Small Hands In Humiliating Interview (VIDEO),"In what was either an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper or a very public suicide note, Marco Rubio   broken, sad, and tired   suddenly had a lot of good things to say about Donald Trump, the man he once called a lunatic incapable of being president. Rubio, like Chris Christie and Ben Carson before him, has done a complete 180 degree turn on the issue of Trump   which isn t as hard as it sounds if your spine is made of jelly.Speaking with Tapper, Rubio revealed one humiliating detail after another about his evolution. According to his own account, Rubio has privately apologized to Trump for once implying that he had small hands (and a small penis), a conversation that would have been AMAZING to overhear. I actually told Donald   one of the debates, I forget which one   I apologized to him for that,  Rubio said.  I said,  You know, I m sorry that I said that. It s not who I am and I shouldn t have done it.  I didn t say it in front of the cameras, I didn t want any political benefit. He also shrugged off Trump s overwhelming popularity with white supremacists. Apparently, the fact that groups as toxic and hateful as the Ku Klux Klan and various neo-Nazis adore Trump doesn t bother Rubio. Or maybe he s just come to accept that this is what the Republican Party stands for these days. As he says it: It is what it is. It is what it is  might be something you say when you find a little dent on your car in the parking lot. It should NOT be what you say to dismiss widespread racism thriving within the campaign of the man you just endorsed for president. Yikes.However the most egregious demonstration of just how feckless Rubio has become came when the conversation turned towards Hillary Clinton. When Tapper asked Rubio what he thought about Trump using outrageous lies like  the Clintons killed a man in the 1990s  and  Bill Clinton is a serial rapist,  the former presidential candidate said he didn t necessarily agree with the tactic, but Trump should keep doing it because it helps him get votes. I don t think he should change if he s been successful,  Rubio said when asked about Trump dredging up scandals of the 1990s to attack Hillary Clinton, which Rubio said he himself wouldn t do.  I may not like that direction, but at this point, he won and this is the direction that he won on. All of this would be shocking if it weren t so obvious that this was how things would eventually play out. Ben Carson, Trump s least popular campaign surrogate, has dealt with a similar situation, only worse. He had to grovel in front of a man who once said he was little better than a child molester. At least Rubio was just called  Little Marco. For the sacrifice of both his integrity and his political career, Rubio gets to look forward to a long campaign of being further humiliated by Trump. Chris Christie has been forced to endure several instances of degradation at the hands of the guy he now wants to elect president. Considering Rubio s heritage, it seems plausible that Trump will both use him a token Latino and also a punching bag when he needs to rile up his anti-immigrant flock. Dark days are ahead for Rubio   and he knows it.Throughout his interview with Tapper, Rubio s face oscillated between pained expressions. Selling out is never fun.Watch a portion of Rubio s interview with Tapper see if you can pinpoint the exact moment Rubio s soul dies below:Featured image via CNN",0
6126, Billy Joel Just Publicly Humiliated The Donald–Oblivious Idiot Trump THANKS HIM For It (TWEETS),"Billy Joel made a fool of Donald Trump this weekend with a shoutout tribute to the orange man in front of a capacity crowd at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Trump made a fool of himself shortly thereafter by showing he has no clue what sarcasm is and thanking Joel for the kind gesture:Thank you @BillyJoel  many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2016The  very kind  shoutout went something like this:Billy Joel dedicated The Entertainer to Donald Trump because he's kept him entertained these past couple of months  Emma (@Emma_S12) May 28, 2016That s right the  tribute  to Trump was  The Entertainer,  which if Trump actually liked Joel s music he would know was a shot at his farce of a candidacy. The iconic song includes the lyrics:I am the entertainer And I know just where I stand Another serenader And another long-haired band Today I am your champion I may have won your hearts But I know the game, you ll forget my name And I won t be here in another year If I don t stay on the chartsI am the entertainer And I ve had to pay my price The things I did not know at first I learned by doin  twice Ah, but still they come to haunt me Still they want their say So I ve learned to dance with a hand in my pants I let  em rub my neck and I write  em a check And they go their merry wayI am the entertainer Been all around the world I ve played all kinds of palaces And laid all kinds of girls I can t remember faces I don t remember names Ah, but what the hell You know it s just as well  Cause after a while and a thousand miles It all becomes the sameIt s a song about the trials and tribulations of being in the business of entertaining people, you twit. Billy Joel just thanked you for keeping him entertained, not for inspiring him or making him believe you were good for anything else. The song is a testament to the futility of your existence because unlike Billy Joel, you have zero talent and nothing worthwhile to offer anyone.This wasn t the first time Joel has made the joke, either. Remember when Trump thought it was hilarious that  New York State Of Mind  was dedicated to Ted Cruz? He failed to recognize that Billy had also dedicated a song to him in Denver. Which song?  The Entertainer,  of course:This is also not the first time @billyjoel has made this joke https://t.co/52fPgijHDH pic.twitter.com/F7eZoaEWO8  Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) May 28, 2016It s good to know a man just a few million votes from access to our nuclear arsenal has a hard time understanding basic humor. It should make critical foreign policy negotiations a hoot.Featured image by Mike Coppola/Getty Images",0
6127, Roads Melt As Record-Shattering Temperatures Hit India (VIDEO),"This week temperatures in the town of Phalodi, located in the state of Rajasthan, India, reached 123.8 degrees F. It was the highest temperature ever recorded in the country.As CNN reports here, the brutal heat is taking a massive toll on the people and the economy. At least 400 people have died from heat-related causes over the past four weeks.Photos published by CNN here show devastated crops, dead livestock and melting roads in New Delhi, where temperatures reached 109 degrees F.A video posted to YouTube reportedly shows  a road in Shaheed Chowk, Silvassa, Gujrat,  which  is melting due to scorching heat. The country s current deadly heat wave comes on the heels of a devastating summer heat wave which claimed the lives of more than 2,500 people in 2015. Last year s deadly wave of heat in India was the fifth deadliest in recorded history.Think Progress reports:According to the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, India is getting hotter as humans continue to pump carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. With these increases in heat, the report   produced by 1,250 international experts and approved by every major government in the world   said with high confidence that the risk of heat-related mortality would rise due to climate change and population increases, along with greater risk of drought-related water and food shortages.Today there are 330 million people in India who do not have access to enough water to fulfill their daily needs.The country has reported higher than average temperatures throughout 2016.As Michael Mann, director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University, explained to Think Progress, the unprecedented heat waves sweeping across India are happening with  current global warming levels of just 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit. If we continue down this same path, scientists say global temperatures will rise seven to nine degrees by the end of the century.Climate change denying republicans in Congress should be required to spend some quality time in India. Maybe walking on melting roadways and baking in a slow oven, set to 124 degrees F, would help them come to grips with reality.Image credit: video screen capture via World Wide Viral on YouTube",0
6128," Trump Didn’t Want These Secrets To Get Out, But A Judge Just Said ‘No’","Donald Trump has been trying to suppress internal documents from his controversial Trump University business, but a judge has just ruled that they must be released into the public domain.The Friday ruling, in which Judge Gonzalo Curiel cited heightened public interest in presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, was issued in response to a request by The Washington Post. The ruling was a setback for Trump, whose attorneys argued that the documents contained trade secrets.Curiel s order came the same day that Trump railed against the judge at a boisterous San Diego rally for his handling of the case, in which students have alleged they were misled and defrauded. The trial is set for November.The documents reportedly contain information on how Trump University advised its employees on how to squeeze the most money from students who had signed up for information on building their own real estate business. Trump University has been criticized by former students and investigators like the Attorney general for New York for trying to make money from people desperate to be entrepreneurs, when in fact much of the material they received was worthless.Trump University students have previously said they were constantly upsold new material, while rarely making the kind of money that was promised in ads featuring Trump and his personal branding.On Friday, Trump included an attack on the judge in the Trump University case in his remarks at a campaign rally. He described the judge as a  Mexican,  when in reality he is a U.S. citizen.Trump University is among the many failed businesses Trump has been involved in over the years. Other companies that failed include Trump Steaks, Trump Air, and Trump Magazine. Trump s business and casinos have filed for bankruptcy several times. Yet despite these failures, Trump has regularly presented himself as a  winner  who is unfamiliar with losing.Featured image via Flickr",0
6129, Racist TX High Schoolers Spray Paint ‘Whites Only’ Near Drinking Fountain (IMAGE),"Several high school seniors in Texas won t be having such a high old time for graduation this year, and it s all their own damn fault. 17-year-old Ryan Westbrook, 18-year-old Ethan Sigmund, 18-year-old Christian Joeckel, 17-year-old Hayden Honoloka and 18-year-old Cameron Bodenstab will now be spending their remaining high school days facing charges for a racist crime. The teens allegedly spray painted  whites only  near a water fountain on their rival s campus, Martin High School. They claim it was a  senior prank. Here is a photo of the graffiti, courtesy of the Arlington NAACP:In 2016, this is happening. We hope that @ArlingtonISD investigates & enforces policies soon. @NAACP @CornellWBrooks pic.twitter.com/FSxjvhU4ht  Arlington, TX NAACP (@ArlingtonNAACP) May 25, 2016In addition to the  whites only  vandalism, the boys also spray painted  trans only  on a men s restroom, along with  payback for the parking lot.  The charges include their spreading hatred based upon race and sexual orientation. Arlington police Lt. Christopher Cook says of the situation: They re pretty remorseful. I don t think that they gave a lot of thought into the ramifications. Unfortunately you re held accountable and there s consequences when you engage in this behavior. Local station WFAA also says that there were other things that were spray painted on trash cans and banners at Martin High School by these geniuses that is unfit to be printed by any news outlet.Well, boys, this is much more than just a prank. You re clearly racists, and you deserve whatever you have coming to you. Well, those felonies you re charged with will sure look good on college applications, won t they you racist pricks?The boys could spend a year or more in jail for this disgusting  prank,  and good enough for them.Watch a news report below, via CBS VFW:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6130, A High School Student Just Bashed ‘You Deserve Rape’ Pastor’s Head In With A Baseball Bat (VIDEO),"For years, a street preacher has been embarrassing Christians by peddling what can only be described as extremist bullsh*t unfit for a family gathering at the Palin household. Brother Dean Saxton, who has been raising eyebrows and blood pressures while simultaneously lowering the standards of human decency by standing around holding  you deserve rape  signs on college campuses and other places   a message to  whores  (that s  Christian extremist  for  women ) that if they decide to consume a single drop of alcohol, or wear something that exposes so much as an ankle or a shoulder blade they deserve whatever happens to them. I think that girls that dress and act like it,  Saxton told the Daily Wildcat in 2013,  they should realize that they do have partial responsibility, because I believe that they re pretty much asking for it.  He s also made some less-than nice remarks about African-Americans and the LGBT community   though he is most famous for telling every female rape victim that they were asking for it. Here are just a few examples of the dumbass bullsh*t that goes on inside the cesspool that is this jerk s mind:via Arizona Daily Wildcat   Now, you may have been wondering, a question may have been burning within you: when the hell is someone just going to take a baseball bat to this motherf*cker?While he was holding his hateful  You deserve to be raped  sign and condemning women who leave their homes without covering themselves head-to-toe in front of Apollo High School in Glendale, Arizona, a female student grabbed a baseball bat and hit him in the head. The Bible says it s not okay to be gay,  he yelled, holding his hateful  rape  sign in his hands in a double-whammy expression of hatred.  You need to stop doing naught, nasty things, Apollo High School. You need to stop looking up naughty, nasty things on the Internet.  All the while, for some inexplicable reason, he was recording the children.Video posted by the preacher himself shows numerous students and teachers approaching him, demanding that he leave. As one gentleman informed Saxton that he shouldn t be displaying this sort of message to kids, we hear a loud, metallic impact noise.With students cheering in the background, the gentleman to whom Saxton was speaking calmly said,  You see that? That s what I m telling you. Saxton then beat a hasty retreat as the students told him to get lost.Tabitha Brubaker, 19, was certainly wrong to respond with violence, but when you think about it it was really Saxton s fault by his own logic. Like men who can t resist raping those dirty, dirty whores who go outside looking like sluts with their elbows and knees showing (the ones he says deserve to be raped), we really can t blame Brubaker for giving into her inability to deal with misogynist bullsh*t and acting on her natural urge to bust this smarmy motherf*cker s head open. After all, by preaching hate in front of a high school, didn t he place himself in a scenario where he was likely to meet someone who wasn t willing to deal with his particular brand of awfulness?Though some would award her a medal, what Brubaker did was a crime and she has been charged with felony assault. She also had some weed on her, so she was charged with possession of a plant as well.Watch the full incident below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6131," ‘Self-Funded’ No Longer – Trump Now Needs Those Huge, Strings-Attached Donations","Donald Trump has supposedly been self-funding his campaign (sort of), and he loves bragging about how he s not beholden to anybody because he s not taking the big donations that inevitably come with conditions attached. That all may be coming to an end for him now. One of his top advisers, Paul Manafort, spoke to Senate Republicans about the state of his campaign s finances, and admitted there isn t enough money to mount a serious challenge to Hillary Clinton going into this summer s conventions.Oh, the horror. What happened to all that money Trump claimed he had? Supposedly he s worth $10 billion. Oh, that s right, most of that isn t actual cash, and he s been loaning what cash he does have to the campaign. Now the campaign owes him tens of millions of dollars and is finding itself broke anyway.Without campaign money, Trump will have trouble running television ads during June and most of July because he won t have access to any of the RNC s funds until he s officially accepted their nomination. He can t do that until the convention near the end of July. What a crying shame.Trump supposedly already has a fundraising agreement with the RNC, and some of his allies are worried that the RNC is going to take advantage of him if he ends up trailing Hillary going into the fall. The RNC could decide to use those funds to help other Republican candidates win their races, and leave Trump in the dust. Trump supposedly fully supports something like that, but with his history of crying foul whenever the RNC doesn t do exactly what he thinks they ought to do (no matter what he s said out loud), who knows how he ll actually react if he loses the general election.He might have to (gasp!) start taking donations, and courting more of the GOP s major donors. He has a fundraising goal of $1 billion before November, but that will be exceptionally difficult if some of these donors don t get on board with him. So far, only nine of the GOP s top 50 donors have committed to donating money to Trump. The campaign is confident more donors will fall in line, though.Any donations at all, though, will make him beholden to them, which will give the lie to his insistence that he ll remain on the side of the little guy once he s in office. So much for his being the  everyman  candidate. Pardon us while we snicker at his plight.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6132, ARE THEY SERIOUS? Here’s The Insane Thing Republicans Did Instead Of Passing Zika Funding Last Week,"This week marked a particularly shameful level of the kind of Republican obstruction that has now become the norm. As reports came in that Zika had hit the United States with a vengeance, a crucial spending bill that would have allocated funds to fight the devastating illness was derailed. Having ignored the request by President Obama at the advice of disease scientists for $1.9 billion for research and prevention, Republicans offered first just half of that  then just a third.The sheer heartlessness astounded even some among the Republican Party. Senator Marco Rubio, whose state of Florida is ground zero for the Zika virus, gave a strongly worded condemnation of his colleagues  actions on Capitol Hill. The rest of the country merely braced for what is going to be a very scary summer.But while Republicans once again proved they have absolutely no interest in fulfilling even basic levels of governance, they were busy wasting everyone s time on something else. Given the stakes of the spending bill they didn t pass, what they did do is especially offensive.Just as the House was derailing the Zika funding (and an energy and water bill for that matter), they were drafting up a petition to demand the Library of Congress go back to using the degrading term  Illegal Alien  to refer to undocumented immigrants. That s how they spent their work week.Republicans on a powerful House panel Tuesday narrowly defended a tea party-fueled move to tell the Library of Congress how to label immigrants living in the country illegally.The GOP move is designed to force the Library of Congress to retain the term  illegal alien  for cataloging and search purposes, reversing the library s plan to replace  illegal alien  with less prejudicial terms like  noncitizens  or  unauthorized immigration. The Library of Congress has previously explained to Republicans that using the term  illegal alien  in its records is both offensive and confusing. For one thing, Library employees pointed out, the term  alien  could mean a space alien. Nobody is going to confuse an  unauthorized immigrant  with ET.This year, Congress scheduled itself for the least amount of workdays of any congressional term in modern history. Just 111 days will be spent  legislating  (and let s use that term loosely here). This is partly because Republicans have come to the conclusion that the best way to reduce government is to make it dysfunctional, but the other reason is that Republican leaders have realized that with an election coming up, their fanatical anti-government base will abandon them if they even so much as think about reaching across the aisle. Even for something as important as funding the fight against a virus that causes severe birth defects. So instead they ve taken to sitting on their hands. Cowardly? Craven? Cynical? All of the above?It s comforting to know that in the short time that they do spend on lawmaking, Republicans have their priorities in order. Zika funding? No. Supreme Court confirmation hearings? Nah. Changing the semantics of the cataloging and search functions in the Library of Congress so as to be intentionally derogatory? You better believe it.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6133, WATCH: Navy Unveils The Latest Reason We Can’t Afford National Healthcare (VIDEO),"A new war toy for the Navy was shown off recently in an article published in the Wall Street Journal.The  supergun  as the WSJ s headline refers to it, is really just a large railgun. A railgun is a weapon that uses an electromagnetic charge to fire a round rather than chemical explosives.The only time that cost is mentioned in the article is when it compares the cost of using a railgun projectile versus that of a standard missile. The WSJ reports that each projectile only costs around $25,000 dollars to make, compared to the cost of a $10-million-dollar interceptor missile.  Wow, it almost sounds as if this thing might actually save the military some money in the long-term. It won t though, it s just another military pipe dream that ll end up costing tax payers an arm and a leg   possibly literally seeing as the money that could go towards building these things might have gone to something useful, like a universal national health insurance program.The weapon requires a massive power source the rail gun requires 25 megawatts to work. As Vice pointed out in an article published last year, this need for a huge power source is the reason this technology is going to be quite costly, or even possibly impossible to make practical for a long time. It s hard to conceptualize 25 megawatts, for me anyway. For some perspective, th e Navy s next generation Zumwalt-class destroyer, the 21st-century stealth battleship with electric engines, is powered by a 78-megawatt array of turbine generators. So, firing a rail gun once would take almost a third of the most advanced ship s whole capacity. Most ships today don t have more than 9 megawatts to spare. . . The railgun is going to be tested on the USNS Millinocket next year. The first of three Zumwalt-class ships railgun or no railgun is slated to be delivered to the Navy next year, and the last in 2018. They re estimated to cost $22 billion in total. The bigger problem here is that the United States is entering into a new Cold War era, except this time it is with both Russia and China. Projects like this may give the U.S. a small military advantage over one of these two nations for a few years at least. Then we will have to spend billions upon billions of dollars on new weapons systems that everyone is terrified of actually using, considering the chance that a full nuclear response is a possibility.We have to really ask ourselves is this the road we want the U.S. to go down. Of course, we cannot leave ourselves defenseless but we seriously have to make decisions about what we invest our money into. How exactly do we plan to use these weapons systems, should they ever actually become practical? We also have to ask ourselves if it is more important to spend countless billions of dollars on weapons that are built-in, the justification of defense against the Next Bad Thing, yet will probably end up just being used to  spread a little democracy  to poor nations.I, for one, would prefer to invest in building a nation that makes sure that every person is given the opportunity to get an education, see a doctor, or breath clean air and drink clean water than one that is hell-bent on winning another cold war.You can watch a video of the railgun below. Featured image from video screenshot",0
6134, Chris Cuomo SLAMS Trump For Promising “A Lot Of Things That Can’t Be Done” In Energy Speech (VIDEO),"Earlier this week, Donald Trump made a speech in Bismarck, North Dakota to talk about his energy policy. While it might have been refreshing for the business mogul to actually talk about a policy instead of attacking his Democratic rivals, saying offensive things about women and minorities or retweeting white supremacists, it s safe to say Trump s supporters should hold off on getting too excited over anything he says   because it s all false promises.During Trump s speech, Trump promised American voters that he would cancel the crucial 2015 Paris agreement that binds all nations to the common goal of tackling climate change, and that he d  rescind  the EPA rules that President Barack Obama set up to decrease emissions from coal-fired power plants. If it sounds improbable, that s because it pretty much is   and no one was faster to point this out that CNN s Chris Cuomo on Friday. In speaking with Trump s campaign senior advisor Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Cuomo criticized the GOP candidate for his sloppy ideas. He said: Donald Trump put out a big speech about his energy policy, about coal, about oil, about regulation. And the criticism of it is that he proposed a lot of things that can t be done. You can t get rid of all of the EPA regulations. You can t just make coal as huge as it once was. There are good and bad reasons for that. Fair criticisms that the proposal can t do what Donald Trump says it will do. Huckabee Sanders argued that the Environmental Protection Agency has to be  reined in and brought back down.  She said: I think there are some big things you can do, and exactly what Donald Trump said is we need to move to an all-of-the-above approach. The Obama administration and his energy policy has been job-killing, [has] raised energy costs across America, has been horrible for our country, so we ve got to go back to where we put all options on the table. Huckabee Sanders continued to diss Obama and added that, We ve got to absolutely reverse what has taken place over the last eight years under the Obama administration by taking away the energy independence that Americans have enjoyed and making us more dependent on foreign energy and go back to where we can energize our own country on our own. Cuomo fired back, stating that the EPA wasn t perfect, just like  every government agency.  He continued: But reducing fossil fuel dependence is a very popular thing in America, and that s a big part of the regulations, and in terms of energy independence, the United States right now puts out 74 percent of its oil needs. I mean, I guess you could go to 100 percent, but the idea that we re somehow, you know, really deficient in terms of how much of our own needs we provide for, it s just not true.  Huckabee Sanders continued to try and counter attack, but Cuomo shut her down every time with realistic scenarios and facts. You can watch Cuomo blast Trump s policies below: Trump s energy policy speech came just a day before Trump told drought-stricken Californians that the extreme water shortage they ve been experiencing doesn t really exist, and offered a conspiracy theory as an alternative explanation. Clearly, Trump isn t someone that we can trust for environmental or energy issues.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6135, Trump: ‘There Is No Drought In California’ — Offers This Conspiracy Theory Instead (VIDEO),"Donald Trump told an audience in Fresno, California on Friday, that there is no drought in California. This has to be the most absurd claim that Trump has made during his campaign. During the event, Trump implied that the water shortage in California was created by the government and environmentalists. We re going to solve your water problem. You have a water problem that is so insane. It is so ridiculous where they re taking the water and shoving it out to sea,  Trump told the crowd made up of mostly California farmers. They don t understand it. There is no drought, they turn the water out into the ocean. California has been in a state of drought for half a decade. In 2015, the drought was less severe than it has been in previous years. Though to claim that there is no drought and to imply that California s water shortage problem has been solely caused by poor water management systems is ridiculous.Trump pointed towards efforts to keep the Delta Smelt, or  a three-inch fish  as Trump referred to it in his speech, from going extinct as an example of environmentalists and the big-bad-government stealing water away from farmers. While water has been redirected in a last-ditch attempt to save the species from complete extinction, the idea that it has had any major impact on farmers is nothing more than a flimsy talking point.Trump is pandering to California farmers who are trying to get legislation passed to build new water infrastructure that would help farmers out. It s probably just due to the fact that he is Trump, that he has chosen to do so in such a ludicrous fashion. I m personally surprised that Trump is spending so much time trying to win over voters in California, a state that is certain to vote blue in November.You can watch the event below in full.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6136, Bernie Sanders Explains The Exact Reason Trump Won’t Debate Him (VIDEO),"A pre-general election debate between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump would have been a political event that would be talked about for years. However, such a debate will never happen because Trump is a giant chicken. Sanders blasted Trump on Real Time with Bill Maher Friday night.After Trump  jokingly  said that he would debate Sanders ahead of the California primary, Trump quickly backed out. Sanders expressed his disappointment with the presumptive Republican presidential nominee s decision. Sanders put out a challenge to Trump, saying: I would have loved [to debate Trump]! First, he said he would do it, then he said he wouldn t do it. Then he said he would do it, then he said he wouldn t do it. So I would hope if he changed his mind four times in two days, change it a fifth time. Trump claims to be a real tough guy, pushes people around. Hey Donald, come on up, let s have a debate about the future of America. That s when Sanders unleashed a savage takedown of Trump: This guy is a pathological liar. And I don t mean to be malicious, but that is just the damn truth. He would be not only an embarrassment; he would be a real danger to this entire world if he were to become president. Maher and Sanders discussed many things during the interview. Sanders, as he usually does, talked about the tough issues that the American people are facing, including the disappearance of the middle class, the enormous amount of poverty there is in this country, and the need for issues-based politics.Sanders also pointed out how Trump s constant lying and flip-flopping makes him hard to create an effective strategy against. How exactly does one challenge their opponent when said opponent s supporters don t hold that accountable to their stance on the issues or their character? While Sanders himself may have seemed unsure (or at least wasn t willing to lay one out in the open during the interview), Sanders has clobbered Trump on the campaign trail while staying classy.  Love trumps hate,  being a simple effective message that gets to the hearts of both Sanders  and Trump s campaigns.Sanders knows that you catch more flies with honey than with vinegar, and he has an amazing platform that actually speaks to the needs of the average person   an agenda that will be championed by many long after this current race is over.You can watch the interview in full, below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6137, Trump Finally Admitted Something He Really Hasn’t Done His Whole Campaign (TWEET),"Throughout Donald Trump s entire campaign, it s been the Donald Trump show. What does that mean? He s made it all about himself. How well HE is doing. What poll numbers HE is getting. What HE can do for the country. How great HE is. He s been saying all of these things as if he s doing all of this on his own without any help from anyone.Well, in a turn of events, Trump just tweeted out something on Twitter that seems to acknowledge, at least in parentheses, that he hasn t clinched the Republican nomination for president completely on his own. There were actually voters involved.He wrote: I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary   by a lot   and with many states left to go! Thank you. I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary   by a lot   and with many states left to go! Thank you.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2016This is YUUGE for The Donald to recognize that he s not actually moving forward to the general election based upon himself alone. He actually needed votes to get there, and it s nice that he kinda-sorta-maybe in parentheses alongside himself acknowledged the people who got him to where he is.Trump s narcissism knows no bounds, but maybe, just maybe he finally figured out how elections actually work. And because the rest of us already knew, we need to make sure he gets nowhere near the White House come November.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6138, Trump Goes Birther On Federal Judge Presiding Over Trump U Fraud Case: He’s A ‘Mexican!’,"Donald Trump has repeatedly sworn he loves Hispanics and Hispanics love him, but not   apparently   when it comes to the judge presiding over his Trump University fraud trial.Trump, whose guilt in this case is almost beyond doubt, swears that if he loses the case (which is looking likely), it s not because he is a shameless con man. No, it s because the judge is a  hater  and a Mexican. We re in front of a very hostile judge,  Mr. Trump said.  The judge was appointed by Barack Obama, federal judge. Frankly, he should recuse himself because he s given us ruling after ruling after ruling, negative, negative, negative. What happens is the judge, who happens to be, we believe, Mexican, which is great. I think that s fine,  Mr. Trump said.The only problem: Judge Gonzalo Curiel is from Indiana not Mexico. Which is great. I think Indiana s fine.It s not the first time Trump has gone birther, of course. He famously set fire to piles of his own money in a quixotic quest to prove President Obama wasn t born in the United States. At several points, Trump even claimed to have proof, but never produced a single shred of evidence. His new accusations do, however, represent the first time Trump has claimed Mexicans   aside from being rapists and drug dealers   are infiltrating the federal justice system to screw over Trump personally.Why would they do that? Trump supporters seem to believe it s because of Trump s immigration plans. Facing a crowd of supporters who had killed time before Trump got up to the podium by mindlessly chanting  build that wall,  Trump knew exactly what he was doing when he suddenly floated the idea that the judge who is about to rule against him is a secret Mexican. He was quite literally preaching to the choir.All of this undermines Trump s assurances that Hispanic voters will flock to him in November. If he sincerely believes a federal judge would be prejudiced against him in his court case because of his Hispanic heritage, then it s not hard to imagine the rest of the Hispanic and Latino population would be repulsed by his message of anti-immigrant hate. He can t have it both ways.Trump closed his remarks by promising to file a lawsuit against Judge Curiel when he becomes president. I m telling you, this court system, judges in this court system, federal court, they ought to look into Judge Curiel. Because what Judge Curiel is doing is a total disgrace, OK? But we ll come back in November. Wouldn t that be wild if I m president and I come back to do a civil case? The audience roared   the same audience that at one time probably raged at President Obama for taking a day to go golfing. Suddenly, a president who spends his time in office wrapped up in a personal civil case to settle a grudge is A-OK.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6139, Check Out The ‘Infuriating’ Thing Malia Obama Did That Has Conservatives Calling Her N***** (IMAGES),"The headline from conservative blog USA Politics Today is ominous and tantalizing:  What Malia Obama Just Did With Her Friends Will Make You Furious . It makes you want to know if the older Obama daughter has finally done something that could be considered an embarrassment to her parents. She is, after all, a teenage girl. Teenage girls tend to get into trouble no matter who their parents are. The Bush twins are a great example. While living in the White House the daughters of Dubya had their share of adventures, which were mostly chuckled off by liberals and conservatives alike, because again   they were teenage girls.Why, then, if we could laugh at the Bush twins ducking their security detail to go drinking can conservatives not forgive the shenanigans of Malia Obama? The answer to that is simple and all you need to do is read any conservative blog s comments to see why. Even when confronted by moderates who don t agree with dragging children into politics, conservatives can t help but allow their true colors to shine through:Yes, those are real comments. They accompany an array of like-minded stupidity. You can find everything from imbeciles calling her mother a  Sasquatch  to more of the same BS about birth certificates to good old-fashioned American N-word racism. No matter how ridiculous the a-holes who can t help but make fools of themselves sound, their anger must be about something pretty important, wouldn t you think? Here s a screenshot from the propaganda mill site of the entire article explaining exactly what Malia did to deserve such scathing remarks:That s it. No sources, no pictures   just a story (that dates back to 2014) that Malia made her friend pay for her breakfast. That breakfast, as reported by Inquisitr and The Christian Science Monitor, ended with an $8 tip on a $45 bill, which the waitress noted was a great tip coming from teens. Rather than report the truth, which is that Malia Obama is a teenage girl who enjoyed frozen chai and eggs Benedict with a friend, conservatives felt the need to skew the story into her being some kind of cheap skate who forced a friend to pay and leave a horrible tip.That s how a scandal is born when the people you re trying to reach are idiots who will believe anything negative you can possibly come up with about the black family living in the White House. They weren t upset when the Bush girls had some fun and got in a little trouble, because teens will be teens, but boy were they ever upset when Malia got into Harvard.Featured image via screen capture",0
6140, What Sarah Palin Just Asked Us To Do With Trump’s Nomination Will Make You Vomit (VIDEO),"Like a stubborn cold that just doesn t seem to go away, Sarah Palin, for some reason or another, is still around and apparently relevant in our media. You know, the same  lame stream media  that she likes to claim silences her or mixes up what she says when they just quote her verbatim. The same media that asks her  gotcha questions,  which are really just questions she doesn t know the answer to and caught her looking like an idiot.Now, while appearing with Donald Trump at a rally in San Diego, California, Palin told the crowd that despite the media treating Trump like a joke at the beginning, he s still here, and not only is he here, he s going to be the Republican nominee for President of the United States.Honestly, I don t know why she s complaining about the media and Trump considering it s been a non-stop Trump show media circus since he announced his candidacy last summer.However, it was what Palin told the media, and everyone else who thought Trump was a joke, to do with Trump s nomination that was utterly nauseating   to say the least.She said of her, and apparently our  golden wrecking ball  after trashing the media: Weeelll, he is now though. He is now we the people s nominee. So, suck it up, cupcake. Okay, first of all, he is not  we the people s nominee,  he is the Republican nominee, not representative of all of the nation s people. Secondly, telling us to suck up anything in regards to Trump will have most of the nation reaching for a barf bag.Oh, and Palin also said Trump  wrecked what needed to be wrecked in order to shine light on the shenanigans.  Well, he certainly wrecked the Republican Party and any hope of ever respecting them again, so sure, he wrecked what needed to be wrecked. However, he s not at all what the country needs, and he needs to stay as far away from the Oval Office as possible. It s up to us to make sure he s stays out of the White House.Watch her words in no particular order here:https://www.facebook.com/politico/videos/10153565461001680/Featured image via video screen capture",0
6141, Republican Budget Cuts Could Shut Down Every Public School In Kansas,"Kansas  school system has been in considerable trouble ever since the state s Republican government decided to slash funding and change how money was distributed, which badly shortchanged poorer schools. Of course, Kansas Republicans didn t really seem to care until they were sued, and the case went to the state s supreme court. The court ordered them to fix the situation, and we re just certain they put forth their best effort, but the so-called  changes  resulted in no change at all for most schools.After reviewing the plan, the Kansas Supreme Court rejected parts of the plan, saying: Disparities among the districts remain inequitable and unconstitutional. If the legislature doesn t fix the problem in a way that makes funding fairer for the poorer districts by June 30, the court has ordered that all schools will remain closed until the funding problem is resolved.Governor Sam Brownback swept into office with grandiose promises about how tax cuts and budget cuts would result in businesses just flocking to the state, which, in turn would actually increase revenue for the state. The education funding crisis began after the GOP legislature and Brownback cut the state s education budget last year, after Brownback s promises of business windfalls failed to materialize.That s typical Republican thinking   these things never work that way. They live in denial, though.Last year, six districts had to close before the official end of the year because their funding had run out. Fortunately, they d already held enough days of school to still comply with the law, but they had to look for ways to tighten their belts without laying off teachers, which was quite painful for them.All the state legislature did to address the problem was reshuffle dollars around, but didn t increase education funding overall. According to U.S. News & World Report: Because the plan guarantees that no district loses any aid it already has been promised for the next school year, most of them  including the four suing the state   would see no change in their aid overall. Twenty-three would see small increases, covered by the state tapping an existing pot of emergency school aid. Forget Kansas  students. Forget producing graduates that can help take the state and the country into the future. Cutting government spending is Republican dogma. They don t care who they hurt, even if it means hurting children and the education they re entitled to under their state s constitution.Featured image by Gage Skidmore. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 via Flickr",0
6142," Insurance Agent Calls Robert Reich To Bully Him For Money, Guess Who He Supports For President","This is sad and infuriating.In February, former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich suffered the loss of his father.Despite his dad s death, an insurance agent called to inform Reich that his dad is behind on his car insurance payments.Now, one would think that being informed of the death would not only draw condolences, but also an end to the business at hand considering deceased people can t drive, nor can they pay insurance from the grave.But this auto insurance agent couldn t get the reality of the situation through his thick skull. He proceeded to try and bully Reich into paying hundreds of dollars and even informed Reich that not paying would affect his father s credit rating.Reich described the phone call on Facebook. I just got a call from my father s auto insurer, telling me he s behind on his payment. I explained he died in February. He still needs to pay for the last two months,  said the man from the insurance company. But he can t pay. He s deceased,  I said. He owes $348.62, for the period April 24 to June 24,  he said. But he didn t drive then. He died in February. No one has driven his car since he died. Well, someone has to pay or his insurance will be cancelled, and it will hurt his credit rating. I m sure he d be okay if it s cancelled,  I said.  And I don t think he cares about his credit rating. Are you infuriated yet?Clearly, this insurance agent must be a truly heartless person. He even became snippy with Reich upon hearing that Reich s father won t care about his credit rating and the conversation continued to go in circles as the insurance agent tried another intimidation tactic and didn t seem to get that his client was dead and no longer needed car insurance. Are you trying to be smart with me?  asked the man from the insurance company. No, I m just trying to tell you that my father is deceased and he doesn t need car insurance. Have you cancelled his car registration? No, I haven t got around to that. Well, you should. If he s deceased, he shouldn t have a registration. I understand. Nobody s supposed to have a registration if they re not paying their auto insurance.   Right. So, are you going to pay the insurance that s due? I wasn t planning to. Then it s an illegal car. But it won t be on the road. Still illegal. Sorry. That could be a problem for him. He s no longer with us. I know. You made that clear. I m referring to his estate. I don t see how. Well, let s say the state of Florida imposes a penalty for having a car registered in his name but no insurance. And let s say that penalty holds up any legal proceedings in resolving  The insurance agent STILL tried to get Reich to pay the insurance, even going so far as to talk about a hypothetical situation in order to force Reich to reach into his pocket and pay for something that was no longer necessary.Frustrated and growing tired of the phone call, Reich asked the insurance vampire who he is supporting for president. And the answer explains everything. May I ask you a personal question? Personal? Who do you support for President? For President? I don t mean to pry. [chuckling]  Oh, no problem,  he said. You have a favorite candidate?  I asked. As a matter of fact, I do,  he said. And who is it? That Trump fella. Really? Yeah, Trump. Good man. No bullshit. Here s the post via Facebook.Personally, I would have hung up the phone rather than keep repeating myself to the same asshole, but there you have it, folks. An ignorant insurance agent who tries to bully money out of people even if they are dead. That sounds exactly like the kind of person who would support Donald Trump.Featured image via Comunicas",0
6143, Video Shows Whales Swimming That May Change Everything We Know About The BP Oil Spill (VIDEO),"We know that the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill was one of the worst manmade disasters in history. Scientists are still desperately studying the behavior of marine life in the region hoping to find clues as to better understand just how much harm BP caused the ecosystem in 2010.That s why when a video showing a pod of orcas swimming very close to the mouth of the Mississippi River off the coast of Louisiana, scientists started paying attention. Whales have never before been seen swimming in the area. While orcas do enjoy coastal waters, they prefer to stay in colder waters.The video was captured by a fishing group, who sent the footage to local news station WWLTV. Dr, Moby Solangi, who is the President and Executive Director of The Institute for Marine Mammal Studies, told WWLTV: This is really an amazing story that you have told. We have not heard about this before.  Dr. Solangi then on went to say that,  That is concerning, you know. It s when these animals start showing signs of change, we need to pay attention. In the video, which is embedded below, it is mentioned that there was another recent example of large marine life exhibiting bizarre behavior. Just two months ago, a group of young pygmy whales was found beached in Mississippi, hundreds of miles away from their normal habitat.When asked about what role the BP spill may have had in these incidents, Dr. Solangi responded, saying: That certainly disrupted their habitat. There s no question. These are top predators and if they re moving somewhere, something may be going on. What s even more disturbing about this is the revelation that BP is facing very few consequences for the marine armageddon they unleashed. In April, it was reported that BP will have to pay $20 billion dollars in a settlement for the disaster.  Though, since we currently live in an age where corporations can get away with just about anything, BP is able to deduct more than $15 billion dollars of the settlement expenses in tax breaks.Scientists are hard at work trying to figure out what exactly is going on in the Gulf region. This bizarre whale migration may just be the thing that points scientists in the right direction.You can watch the video below.Featured image from video screenshot Featured image from video screenshot",0
6144, This Immigrant West Point Graduate Proves America Is Already Great (IMAGE),"A photo of graduating West Point cadet 2nd Lt. Alix Schoelcher Idrache went viral after it was published by West Point s U.S. Military Academy on Facebook. The photo shows Idrache, tears streaming down his face as the 2016 commencement takes place at West Point, N.Y.Lt. Idrache s back story is the American dream, come to life.He worked his way through one of the nation s most prestigious military schools after immigrating to the United States from Haiti, earning his citizenship and serving for two years as an enlisted soldier with the Maryland Army National Guard, according to Army records.Idrache grew up watching American soldiers in Haiti performing humanitarian missions, not knowing that one day he would be among their ranks.Like many other immigrants, his family did not come to America with much.Idrache s father, Dieujuste, immigrated to America and was able to bring the rest of his family with him in 2009, one year before an earthquake leveled much of Port-au-Prince. The family didn t have much, Idrache said, but his father always stressed the importance of education.Despite the desires of some to say that America is closed, and that nobody else can come in   the only way the country can remain as strong as it is, is for us to continue bringing in immigrants as has always happened. Many of those immigrants have been the ones to serve on the front lines, defending all of our freedom.Some of them have even given up the ultimate sacrifice   their lives   in defense of American ideals. The idea that America would ever seal itself off from the world, especially with a wall, goes against our best interests.Lt. Idrache explained the weight of what he was thinking about during the photo, and about those who came before him and what it all meant. Three things came to mind and led to those tears,  Idrache wrote.  The first is where I started. I am from Haiti and never did I imagine that such honor would be one day bestowed on me. The second is where I am. Men and women who have preserved the very essence of the human condition stood in that position and took the same oath. Men who preserved the Union [in] a dark period of this country s history. Men who scaled the face of adversity and liberated Europe from fascism  Women like CPT Griest, LT Haver, MAJ Jaster who rewrote the narrative and challenged the status quo to prove themselves worthy of being called Rangers. With someone like that on our side, America is already great.Featured image via Facebook",0
6145, Cops SLAM Gun-Crazy GOP Candidate Who Said They Should Be Shot,"A Republican candidate for a U.S. House seat is under fire from a police union after she made incendiary remarks about pointing guns at police officers and possibly shooting them.Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore is on the receiving end of a rebuke from the largest police union in that state.Nevada s largest police union has come out against Assemblywoman Michele Fiore (R) for her recent suggestion that citizens can take aim at law enforcement officers so long as police point their weapons first. Ms. Fiore, we no longer see you as a passionate advocate for your Second Amendment rights, which we support,  Nevada Association of Public Safety Officers Executive Director Rick McCann wrote in a letter to her office.  Rather, these comments were utterly irresponsible, an embarrassment to your District and our State, and they continue to demonstrate why you are unqualified to hold the position of United States Congresswoman. The comments that enraged the union came in an interview with a local TV station, where Fiore said,  Whether you re a stranger, a bad guy, or an officer, and you point your gun at me and you re gonna shoot me and I have to decide whether it s my life or your life, I choose my life. Fiore has a long history of these types of comments. She described the Bureau of Land Management as the  bureaucrat agency of terrorism,  and was involved in negotiating the surrender of the domestic terrorists in the Bundy rancher family who illegally occupied a federal facility earlier in the year.Fiore is so into guns that she released a  2nd Amendment calendar,  featuring her in numerous glamour photos while also toting a gun, juxtaposed with quotes from Abraham Lincoln and racist rock star and NRA board member Ted Nugent.She writes on the back cover,  The main purpose of this calendar is to focus on the many positive aspects that firearms can play in our lives. Featured image via Michele Fiore",0
6146, Trump’s Campaign Is A Complete Mess And This Is Why,"Despite Donald Trump s bravado and far too many in the mainstream media reporting on the hate and misogyny in his campaign as if it simply a normal presidential enterprise, there are some major problems on Team Trump.A new report from the New York Times finds all manner of dysfunction and infighting in Trump s campaign, which previous reports have noted   simply didn t expect Republican opposition to give up the ghost like it did during the primaries.Among the weirder dysfunctional behavior: Trump staffers think they re being spied on.A sense of paranoia is growing among his campaign staff members, including some who have told associates they believe that their Trump Tower offices in New York may be bugged.This isn t out of nowhere. Trump has built the campaign, as the time terms it, around his  unpredictable personality  and the  nearly a dozen Republicans inside and outside the operation  told them the entire thing is a chaotic mess.Now, many Republican officials worry that Mr. Trump is uninterested in transitioning into his new role, including the rigors of going up against Mrs. Clinton in a general election fight.The Trump operation, for instance, has talked for weeks about hiring a full-time communications director, but has yet to bring anyone on board. Ms. Hicks is still the sole communications staff member; the Clinton campaign, by contrast, has a press team of more than a dozen, including people devoted solely to the news media for black and Hispanic audiences.Even more troubling for Republicans, Trump has expressed disdain for a data-driven campaign, preferring instead to run as he did in the primaries, from one media-spectacle rally to the next. But general election voters are not primary voters. They will not be excited and engaged by the racist antics of Trump s anti-Latino, anti-Muslim, anti-woman crowds. In all likelihood they will be turned off by it.And in modern politics, as President Obama showed in spectacular fashion in 2012, data drives campaigns. In addition to a polished campaigner like Obama, a candidate needs the nerds to mine the data, send out targeted messages, and get voters out to the polls. By all accounts, Hillary Clinton has done that, as the Democratic Party has continued to build on Obama s success.By contrast, Republicans in the swing states (Florida, Ohio, etc.) are now begging the national party for money and people while the Democrats and the Clinton campaign are already on a General Election footing.But Trump has his personal jet and his rallies, so he s happy.Featured image via Flickr",0
6147, Senate Dems To Introduce Constitutional Amendment Overturning Citizens United,"As the presidential race heats up and the coffers start to pour in for a general election, Senate Democrats are preparing to introduce a package of reforms aimed at curbing (once and for all) the influence of big money in politics. This is a liberal s dream come true.Spearheading the reforms is Senator Chuck Schumer of New York   who is poised to become Majority Leader should the Democrats take back the Senate. Closely involved with Schumer are Sens. Tom Udall, Sheldon Whitehouse, Claire McCaskill and Tammy Baldwin.Included in the package is a Constitutional amendment that would overturn Citizens United and other Supreme Court decisions that have allowed dark money to be injected into the political process.The Disclose Act would be included, which would require outside, anonymous groups that spend money on political campaigns to make the identities of their donors public. No more dark money, no more twice removed parties, no more secrets in campaign finance.A new program in the package would replace the watered down, virtually powerless FEC with a five member independent agency that would tasked with enforcing rules an regulations in a fair and open manner.When it comes to fixing America s broken election system, Democrats will include in the package the FAIR Act, which would effectively end partisan gerrymandering by requiring the states to establish independent commissions to draw district lines, and not lawmakers who hold majorities.Senator Claire McCaskill has apparently bee working on a reform to increase voter turnout and participation, which could mean a provision establishing automatic voter registration.According to MSNBC:There are other efforts to address voting rights on Capitol Hill. A group of Democratic lawmakers earlier this week announced the formation of the Voting Rights Caucus, which has 50 members, all Democrats. They said they ll introduce legislation next month that would ban voter ID laws that force voters to pay an associated cost, for instance by requiring them to obtain a birth certificate to get ID.A new constitutional amendment, a new agency to replace the FEC, automatic voter registration and an end to gerrymandering. This is a package every American should support. Considering the overwhelming majority of Americans (including Republicans) support getting money out of politics, oppose dark money contributions, and support fair elections, the GOP has no leverage to oppose any of these measures.But they will. Such a package would surely fail a Republican controlled Senate and House. But this is an election year, and a year where Democrats could make great strides. If Democrats show up at the polls in droves, we could finally have an America free of big money in politics.If Democrats are serious about political revolution, they will need to come together to have a blue White House, Congress, Supreme Court and state legislature.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6148, This Touching Moment POTUS Shared With A Hiroshima Survivor Is Why He’ll Be So Sorely Missed (VIDEO),"President Obama s trip to Hiroshima would come and go without an official apology to the Japanese people for dropping hellfire on them to end World War II. The official position of the U.S. government is that the bombings were a necessary evil to end a war with no end in sight, ultimately saving lives and bringing the world back to peace. Just because the President wasn t in a position to apologize doesn t mean that he couldn t be the man we all know and have come to expect him to be.While the president s speech was eloquent, reminding us that the people of Hiroshima were just like you and I, it was a moment he shared with a man who survived the bombing that is catching the attention of the world. In this video by ABC News, you can see President Obama intently listening to the man s story through a translator. At one point the man begins to break down and our President, obviously working off of pure decency and instinct, put his arm around the man and gave him a hug.The Japanese are a proud people who prefer the bow and the handshake, but the elderly gentleman who had been to hell and back seemed grateful that the President of the United States would show him such compassion:Conservatives, who have been demonizing the president s plans to visit the site for weeks now are out in force, condemning the action as an apology rather than a human being connecting with another human being in a display of true compassion, something their shallow, selfish minds can t quite reconcile with. Anne Coulter, for example, tweeted this bit of assholery before the President hit the podium in Hiroshima:For someone ""born in Hawaii,"" you'd think Obama would prefer visiting Pearl Harbor. pic.twitter.com/F3z1UwHVy9  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) May 27, 2016Leave it to someone as crass as Coulter to take something as simple as a trip to a friendly state and turn it into the ugliest thing possible. She may have a point, though: All of the idiots harping on this trip and calling it something it isn t have a point. It s not like the Japanese government ever apologized for Pearl Harbor, right?Oh wait. Yes, they did.Regardless of what the clowns tasked with riling up the conservative base think of this particular state trip, it makes those of us who understand diplomacy proud to be Americans.Featured image via screen capture",0
6149, VA Middle School Student Accused Of Stealing $.65 Milk Charged With Larceny (VIDEO),"A Graham Park Middle School student was arrested in front of his peers and later charged with larceny, after a school police officer accused him of stealing a $.65 carton of milk.On the day he was arrested, Ryan Turk says he went through the school cafeteria lunch line as usual. When he got to his seat, however, the student realized that he had forgotten to pick up a carton of milk with his meal.He went back to the food service area to grab a carton of milk, but before he could return to his seat he was grabbed by a police officer, who was assigned to the school by the Prince William County Police Department.The officer accused him of stealing the carton of milk.Turk says the police officer grabbed him by his arm and then accused him of stealing and  trying to conceal the milk. The teen admits that he pulled away from the officer, telling him  get off of me because he s not my dad. The student was placed in handcuffs, taken to the principal s office and suspended from school.Later the teen learned that he was being charged with larceny over the carton of milk.The student qualifies for the school s free lunch program.Ryan s mother, Shamise Turk, is outraged over the charges.During an interview with WJLA she said she has been trying to get the teen back in school, but so far that has not happened. I m angry, I m frustrated, I m mad. It just went too far,  the teen s mother said. They are charging him with larceny, which I don t have no understanding as to why he is being charged with larceny when he was entitled to that milk from the beginning. This is what Prince William County taxpayers are paying police and school officials to do? These officials seem to think that prosecuting a middle-schooler over a $.65 carton of milk is a responsible use of taxpayer resources.Charging this student with larceny has nothing to do with justice. This entire thing is nothing more than an outrageous abuse of power.Here s more on the story from WJLA. Featured image via video screen capture WJLA",0
6150, Here’s The Chilling Viral Video Showing Us How Trump Wants To ‘Make America Great Again’,"When listening to Donald Trump speak, he keeps talking about  the good old days  and how he wants to  make America great again.  However, what exactly are these good old days he speaks of, and in case he didn t notice, America is already pretty damn great.Trump would see and hear protesters at his rallies and encourage violence, saying that they should be brought out on stretchers, and that they should be punched in the face. All the while offering to pay legal fees. He keeps saying that he wants to go back to the days when that was seemingly socially acceptable.Well, guess what? It s not acceptable. It s not now, and it should have never been.Putting together a mash-up that will send chills down your spine is Mother Jones. They laid down audio from Trump at his rallies over video from protests during the horrific segregation era in America when Jim Crow still ran rampant in several parts of the nation. Where protesters were beaten, dragged, and sometimes killed.It s an era we most certainly do not want to go back to, they most definitely were not the  good old days,  and it will definitely not  make America great again.  It would set us back decades, and it would divide the nation once again in a way that s just absolutely horrific to even imagine.We need to make sure Donald Trump doesn t get anywhere near the Oval Office. This is not the America we need nor should ever want. Not. At. All.Watch the mash-up via Mother Jones here:https://www.facebook.com/motherjones/videos/10153777810687144/Featured image via video screen grabs",0
6151, WATCH: Hillary Smacks Trump With His Own Words On The Issues In New Video Series,"Donald Trump has made a lot of offensive statements over the years, and Hillary Clinton is using them against him in a series of short video clips to educate people on what their possible next president thinks. The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president on pregnancy,  Clinton says to introduce the clip on Twitter.It s only an 18 second snippet. Hail to the Chief plays in the background and then Donald Trump appears to give his brief thoughts on pregnancy. Well you know, pregnancy is never   it s a wonderful thing for the woman, it s a wonderful thing for the husband, it s certainly an inconvenience for business,  Trump says.Here s the video via Twitter.The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president on pregnancy.https://t.co/LmUZI20JCo  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 27, 2016So all you women out there who manage to work and have a family, Trump wants you to know that you are an  inconvenience for business. Yeah, that s probably going to piss off a lot of women. And that s the point. Hillary Clinton is laying the groundwork for the general election by releasing these short clips featuring Trump and all the stupid and offensive remarks he has made on issue after issue over the years.Trump is already the Republican nominee so if Hillary captures the Democratic nomination, she would be battling Trump for the White House and America s future.The orange-tanned businessman certainly has a steep cliff to climb when it comes to women voters.70 percent of women hold an unfavorable view of Trump. And an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll shows Clinton leading Trump 51 to 38 percent among female voters, a 13 point gap that is wider than President Obama s victory over Mitt Romney among women in 2012. NPR reports that if the numbers hold the gender gap would be the widest it has ever been since 1952, which makes it clear that the Republican Party is in serious trouble if they think they can win election merely by courting the votes of white old men.Hillary certainly has plenty of ammunition to fire at Trump with future videos, too. After all, we re talking about a guy who has suggested on mulitple occasions that he wants to have incestuous relations with his daughter, a guy who has openly stated that he is more interested in getting women pregnant than he is in helping to take care of the kids after they are born. I like kids,  Trump once said.  I mean, I won t do anything to take care of them. I ll supply funds and she ll take care of the kids. It s quotes like this that could bury Trump this November if Hillary Clinton gathers enough of them to use in short videos that will definitely appeal to those who don t have the patience to sit through an entire Trump interview or debate.Trump and and GOP should take note, because it looks like their poll numbers are about to get worse.Featured image via screenshot ",0
6152," Former Pastor Turned Teacher Beat Students, Then Hugged, Prayed With Them (VIDEO)","On May 20, Rocky Walker, a former pastor who teaches history at Pauls Valley Junior High School in Oklahoma, was arrested on child abuse charges.According to police Walker physically assaulted at least two students.One student, a 15-year-old boy, was pinned against a wall, placed in a headlock and struck repeatedly.The 15-year-old victim was assaulted at the teacher s home. KFOR reports that Walker had asked the student to come to his home to help him paint.Walker also assaulted a 16-year-old student inside his classroom at the Oklahoma junior high school.The student told police that Walker kept him in the classroom during lunch as a punishment.During an interview with KFOR, Pauls Valley assistant police chief, Derrick Jolley, described the assault: Mr. Walker placed his hand on his shoulder and then struck him several times in the back. When he was done, Mr. Walker hugged him, prayed with him, apologized and sent him on his way. According to police, the students had bruises and other injuries which were consistent with their statements.The two students both came forward with reports of assault on the same day, although the attacks were separate and unrelated.It s very likely that other students have been abused by the teacher, but may have been afraid to come forward.During the interview with KFOR, Assistant Police Chief Jolley stressed the seriousness of the allegations, saying: This is very serious. It s alarming. When someone that is in a position of authority that has all these kids around him, he s actually well-respected and looked up to by a lot of people, a lot of these kids. And, for him to take something to this level, it s a serious deal. Typically, some residents of Pauls Valley refuse to believe the students or police, claiming that Walker could never  do something like that,  because he s a  Godly man. In spite of the fact that nearly every day we read about  Godly men  who sexually assault children, or who use the Bible as justification for physical abuse, torture, even murder, there are still people who believe that everyone who quotes a Bible verse is a  good person. Walker entered a not guilty plea on Monday. He was released from custody on a $10,000 bond.Here s more on the story from KFOR.Featured image via video screen capture from KFOR",0
6153, Rubio Just Kissed His Political Career Goodbye With One Tweet And The Internet Is Letting Him Know,"What is the price of one s dignity? Florida Senator Marco Rubio recently found himself wrestling with that question and came up with the answer  I d exchange it for nothing, just as long as I get 15 more minutes in the spotlight.  Donald Trump obliged.Having just months ago described Trump as a small dick lunatic con artist (remember how insane the Republican primary was?), Rubio knelt down and kissed the ring this week. On Twitter, he officially endorsed Trump in the most roundabout way possible:In Florida only 2 legitimate candidates on ballot in Nov. I wont vote for Clinton & I after years of asking people to vote I wont abstain.  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) May 27, 2016Rubio s the kind of spineless politician who won t abstain from voting for Trump, a guy whose rallies he once colorfully described as  a frightening, grotesque, and disturbing development in American politics.  He s voting for that guy.The day before, Rubio said he would give Trump a more ringing endorsement if he let him speak at the Republican National Convention this summer. At one point, Rubio was poised to be the Republican nominee, now he s reduced to begging Trump to let him share the same stage.Apart from the promise of a few  Rubio endorses Trump  headlines, it s baffling to think of why Rubio decided to sell out, and so quickly. The Washington Examiner, a right-wing publication no less, blasted Rubio for his shamelessness.It s one thing to begrudgingly argue that as dangerous as he thinks a Trump presidency would be, that he thinks a Clinton presidency would be even worse. But to actually say that he would be  honored  by the chance to speak on Trump s behalf at the GOP convention, and to downplay his previously stated problems with Trump as mere  policy differences,  is to prove the Rubio skeptics right.That is, far from being an inspirational moral leader, Rubio has shown himself to be more of an opportunistic politician with his finger to the wind.The major problem: Supporting Trump is almost sure to backfire. In the aftermath of the nuclear meltdown coming in November, those closest to Trump are going to be fatally radioactive. In Chernobyl they were referred to as the  walking ghosts,  already doomed but still alive. In November, they ll just be called  Trump s supporters.  Rubio, who is retiring from the Senate at the end of his term (he hardly bothered to work there anyway), is reportedly having second thoughts. He may see throwing himself at the feet of Trump as one way to get his hat back in the ring if he decides to run again.It s a bad miscalculation. Trump may seem popular to the guy who just got absolutely smoked by him in the primary, but the American people still actively loathe Trump. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie learned that lesson the hard way. Already unpopular, a recent poll found that after he announced he would be serving as Trump s campaign jester, a whopping 49 percent of New Jersey voters said they  dislike everything about Gov. Christie.  As polling questions go, that s about the sickest burn imaginable.The internet was quick to reminder Rubio of the fate he just chose for himself.@marcorubio so you'll vote for a guy you called a con artist. A guy you called a lunatic. A guy you called unfit to be president! #sellout  Raj Chudgar (@RajPC1) May 27, 2016Trump tricking Rubio into a Senate loss that would permanently end his career would be the universe's way of making a case that karma exists  LOLGOP (@LOLGOP) May 27, 2016Based on how Rubio has (further) diminished himself in the last 24 hours, maybe Trump's nickname was apt, after all?  Jon Ralston (@RalstonReports) May 27, 2016I think Ted Cruz will rise to run another day. Marco Rubio will not. https://t.co/DM2H7Sayjx  Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) May 27, 2016Marco Rubio: ""I will help Donald Trump get elected. Yes, he's a crazy, unstable con-man, but I love the GOP more than I love America.""  Top Conservative Cat (@TeaPartyCat) May 26, 2016It s almost as if opportunistically attaching yourself to a lying, sexist, Islamophobic blowhard who once derisively called you  little Marco  makes you look bad. Who knew?Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6154, GOP Congressmen Storm Out Of Meeting When Fellow Republican Bashes Homosexuality,"Dozens of Republicans walked out of a meeting being held in the Capitol basement on Thursday after one of their fellow conservatives suggested that they d sinned by supporting a proposal to protect the LGBT community from discrimination.The bill was focused about government spending, but contained an added provision that read: Nothing in the underlying spending bills can undermine President Obama s executive order barring discrimination by government contractors based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Many Republican congressmen had actually been in support of this provision, which was unbearable to a bigot like Rep. Rick Allen (R-GA). Incapable of accepting the fact that LGBT individuals should have the same protections that the rest of the American population is afforded, Allen tried to make the congressmen change their minds about backing the anti-discrimination proposal through one of the GOP s favorite tactics: shame. Allen decided to accomplish this by reading a Bible verse that condemned homosexuality, emphasizing that anyone who was pro-LGBT and supported the proposal  were opposing Christianity . Completely shocked and disgusted by what one of their own fellow conservatives had done, the Bible reading disturbed the meeting and prompted an epic walkout by dozens of Republicans.After storming out of the meeting, one anonymous Republican that was in attendance vented about Allen and told The Hill,  It was f*cking ridiculous.  An aide noted that, A lot of members were clearly uncomfortable and upset. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also spoke on the incident, saying: House Republicans  thirst to discriminate against the LGBT community is so strong that they are willing to vote down their own appropriations bill in order to prevent progress over bigotry. This incident truly proves just how important bigotry and denying people their human rights is to the GOP. It s a party that is clearly incapable of moving forward to modern times, even as some members of their party denounce the old school hateful rhetoric. Republicans like Allen represent the worst of conservatives, and are willing to shame their own in order to block this country from moving forward. We may not like what the Republican party stands for, but the GOPers who voted for LGBT equality and turned their backs on a fellow conservative s hateful rhetoric ought to be commended. Hopefully Allen will learn something from this.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6155, Obama Tells Reporters That He Gives Zero F*cks About Hillary’s Email ‘Scandal’ (VIDEO),"Things got a little heated during a press conference with President Obama in Japan on Thursday. The usually easygoing president snapped at a reporter who wanted to waste his time by asking about Hillary Clinton s emails.Obama told reporters that he was going to take one more question but when a member of the press asked him about Clinton he changed his mind, saying: You know I take it back   I m not taking another question. We re in Japan, don t you have something to do with Asia that we want to talk about? I ll be talking about this in Washington the whole time. I ve already said a lot on those issues   I think these are better directed to the campaign. We don t blame the president for being annoyed. His trip to Japan was an historic trip as he became the only president to ever visit Hiroshima. The reporter could have asked him a number of questions about that, but instead chose to ask a question about a manufactured scandal. As if that weren t ridiculous enough, the press also asked him if he thought Clinton should release the text of her Wall Street speeches. Obama responded to that nonsense by saying: During the course of the primary, people say things that they think will help them get some votes, and once the campaign is over, they move on. The noise that is going back and forth between the candidates at this point   if you want insights into how they re thinking about it, those [questions] should be directed to them. President Obama made it abundantly clear that he does not give a shit about all of the political drama going on. He has a job to do so he is going to ignore the BS and do what we elected him to do.Watch:WATCH: President Obama refuses to answer questions about Hillary Clinton s emails https://t.co/FOKkX3T4Tc pic.twitter.com/8BuHj11n48  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) May 26, 2016Featured image via Atsushi Tomura/Getty Images",0
6156, Two Comedians Imagine The Trump-Bernie Debate And It Is HILARIOUS (VIDEO),"When Donald Trump recently said he would love to have a debate with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders during his appearance on  Jimmy Kimmel Live, he probably didn t think it would actually happen   despite the fact that he bragged about how much the debate  would have such high ratings. But it turned out that Sanders was more than happy to fulfill The Donald s request, knowing full well that he could wipe the debate floor with the presumptive Republican nominee on any day of the week and not even break a sweat doing it. In teasing about the debate, Trump challenged Bernie to raise $10 million for charity   a mission that Sanders immediately accepted by responding on Twitter: Game On. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7th primary. So although Trump might have never actually intended on having a face off with the Vermont senator and is likely regretting opening his big mouth (for once), it looks like it might actually happen!We can t wait to see Sanders put Trump in his place, and fortunately we have something to hold us over. We can easily get a preview of what the debate is going to look like thanks to the Trump vs. Bernie Web/TV Series and live tour, which is the genius comedy project of James Adomian (Bernie) and Anthony Atamanuik (Trump).These two comedians have brought Sanders and Trump to life with their spot-on impersonations, perfectly capturing Trump s ability to be offensive and effectively avoid answering direct questions, as well as Sanders  unwavering dedication to human rights movements and the middle class. This skit is absolutely brilliant, and really gives us a taste of what we might actually see before Trump gets his ass handed to him in real life.You can watch the hilarious special below:Let s just hope Trump doesn t  chicken out  of the real debate! Sanders  campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said Bernie is ready to go: We are ready to debate Donald Trump. We hope he will not chicken out. I think it will be great for America to see these two candidates and the different visions they have for America going forward. What we ll have to see, is does Donald Trump have the courage to get on the stage with Bernie Sanders. That remains to be seen. Featured image is a screenshot",0
6157," Ohio Republicans Create First Step To Privatizing Elections, Would Charge People To Keep Polls Open","The Republican obsession with making it more difficult to vote reached its sickening, albeit inevitable, conclusion in Ohio. State Republicans approved an outrageous poll tax bill that would require Ohio voters to put up tens of thousands of dollars in a cash bond if they want to keep polls open during an election day emergency   with the possibility of not getting the money back.What was once considered a national duty and a democratic process that was the envy of the world has become diminished in recent years as Republicans have discovered that disenfranchisement of minorities and the poor gives them an electoral edge. Voter ID laws and so-called  poll tax  schemes have made it harder and harder for left-leaning demographics to actually get a voice in elections. In Ohio, Republicans just jumped the shark.The new bill could be considered the first step in the road to privatizing American elections. Rather than the government picking up the tab as part of its sacred obligation to free elections, the Ohio GOP   ever paranoid about  Big Gubmint  spending   will require regular voters to put up thousands of dollars to help pay to keep polls open long enough that people can actually vote. The bill is a reaction to a few emergencies in previous elections that caused voters to be unable to reach polling places   a major car accident along a highway and an election ballot malfunction, for example.An op-ed written by Republican Sen. Bill Seitz, the bill s author, shows just how warped the minds of the Voter ID wing of the Republican Party really is: Sadly, in both the November 2015 and March 2016 elections, rogue courts in Hamilton County issued orders extending polling hours. These orders cost Hamilton County taxpayers $57,000, and forced the inside poll workers to stay around for an extra 60 to 90 minutes after already working a 14-hour day. What Seitz doesn t mention is that the extra hour of work meant that thousands of people were allowed to engage in the democratic process and vote. That seems like a pretty big oversight.What Seitz surely knows is that these polling challenges disproportionately affect the poor. The Fox News viewer, average age of 68, is retired and therefore faces few obstacles to voting outside of figuring out how to DVR the latest Fox and Friends episode. Those who work all day and have young kids don t have that freedom. A car accident blocking the entrance to a polling place for even an hour may mean the possibility of not being able to vote at all. Mark Brickner, of the ACLU agrees: Maybe the polling place lost power, or there was a tornado, or the machines malfunctioned, and voters were not able to vote during the day,  he explained.  Now these people could be disenfranchised through no fault of their own. They can do the right thing and try to show up to vote, but they may not be able to wait around for hours if they have to work or go pick up their kids. Plus, [the cash bond provision] brings back a lot of ugly symbolism with the poll taxes of the past, when you had to pay to exercise your right to vote. It s hardly surprising that this is the new low to which the Republican Party would stoop. In a way, paying to vote represents the perfect union between their fanatical drive to privatize everything and their pathological need to keep the number of voters to a minimum. Naturally, even Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who billed himself as a  moderate  during his failed presidential bid, is thrilled by these dangerous ideas. The bill is being sent to his desk and he has shown no signs of not enthusiastically signing it.If it goes through, the crucial battleground state of Ohio will be one natural disaster away from asking its own voters to cough up tens of thousands of dollars just to vote in a presidential election. And a presidential election that could mean Donald Trump becomes president. The stakes have quite possibly never been higher and Republicans want to rig the game before it starts.Featured image via Library of Congress/Politico",0
6158," WATCH: Unfortunate Bug Lands In Trump’s Hair During Rally, Can’t Seem To Escape","In what could be seen as an omen of sorts, a fly just landed on Donald Trump s head, but had no idea what it was in for.It s true that flies are attracted to poop, so for the fly to land on Trump, a man that spews utter bullshit daily, it really should come as no surprise to anyone that a fly would land directly on top of his head. Unfortunately for the fly, though, he seemed to get tangled into what can only be called a nest of sorts that lays directly on top of Trump s head.You can actually watch the bewildered bug land, crawl up on top of his hair, because apparently that s possible with the amount of hairspray used, but then fall in and under, and your heart breaks when you know that may be it for the little fella.Of course, many are making the comparison of this fly to the moment when the bird landed on Bernie Sanders  podium in Portland, Oregon. Clearly showing what sort of creatures are attracted to either candidate   a bird of hope and a fly attracted to bullshit.Watch the Lord of the Flies and his new little friend here:https://www.facebook.com/ABC7/videos/10153577369722452/Featured image via video screen capture",0
6159, Ted Nugent Reveals The Most Anti-American Thing There Is – Prepare To Laugh Hysterically (AUDIO),"What s the most anti-American thing someone can do besides vote for Donald Trump in November? Apparently, right-wing freak Ted Nugent has the answer to that question, and it s something every American should hear. Speaking with conservative radio host Joe Pags, he tells us: There is nothing more anti-American than the freaks that hate me, and when MoveOn.org, Media Matters, Southern Poverty Law Center, Rachel Maddow and MSNBC lie and spew their hate towards me, it s because I stand with the best families in America. The man certainly thinks a lot of himself, doesn t he? One might have thought there was no more room in this country for egos, what with Donald Trump s ego growing miles by the minute after officially locking up the GOP nomination, but one would be wrong. It takes a lot of ego and chutzpah for Ted Nugent to say that the most anti-American thing imaginable is hating him.He says that the NRA is not a gun lobby during this interview, too. What is it, then? Nugent says it s  mom-and-pop family America, and is standing up for the most fundamental instinct and God-given individual right  that self-defense (i.e. owning guns) is good. Har de har har. Only Nugent can fit this much nonsense into one interview.He also rages against Hillary Clinton and Bernie  Mao Tse Tung  Sanders about wanting to push gun owners down, and he talks about how he s right all the time if so many people have to hate on him so much. Listen to him toss a major word salad below:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/266047509  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]Let s look at Nugent for a moment. He s incredibly ammosexual   in fact, he was just re-elected as a board member of the NRA, despite the fact that many of the NRA s members aren t nearly as crazy as Nugent is. Nugent thinks that anybody who even criticizes the NRA just wants to help criminals.Before President Obama was elected, he said that he would either be dead or imprisoned within two weeks of winning the election. That hasn t happened yet, but the Secret Service took it as a threat against Obama and investigated it. He also referred to a lawmaker of mixed-race heritage as a  subhuman mongrel. We must acknowledge, however, that Ted Nugent is a patriot among patriots   a word that s been usurped and twisted by the far right to only apply to white supremacists who love guns, fetuses and the Bible. They hate the poor, along with starving children and anyone who thinks helping others is a good thing. He s a true patriot, except for that time he dodged the Vietnam draft by pooping in his pants every day. Or so he said.But to say that the most anti-American thing out there is to hate Ted Nugent is over the top, even for him. This man suffers from delusions of grandeur that we don t even see in Donald Trump for the most part.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Stringer/Getty Images",0
6160," CNN Accidentally Airs Raunchy Screen Capture Of Reply To Trump Tweet, And It’s Hilarious (IMAGE)","With the presidential race narrowing down to Donald Trump versus either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, the news has been pretty slow, and it leaves people to report on things like  enthusiasm  and how one candidate may beat another candidate.During a segment that was focused on Hillary hoping to  shatter Trump s populist appeal,  CNN chose to use Twitter to try to prove how popular Trump has been, so they featured one of his tweets explaining one of his recent rallies.The screen capture CNN chose to use featured a Trump tweet that said: Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim. However, what CNN didn t do was check to see what else was in the screen capture, because if they had, they probably wouldn t have used it. The first reply listed under Trump s tweet stated: Does your c*ck match your skin color? Like, is it orange? Here s the image that was taken and has been circulating on Facebook:Image via CNNOops. Looks like they didn t quite crop that image as well as they should and no one apparently caught it before it went to air. Although, the question in the reply is still a valid one, but one not exactly appropriate for CNN s viewing audience.Nonetheless, this error is frickin  hilarious for the rest of us. So, CNN, never stop being you.Featured image via CNN",0
6161," Why The Latest Email Revelations May Help Clinton, Not Hurt Her","On Thursday, the Inspector General of the State Department released a stinging report on Hillary Clinton regarding the use of her private email server. As expected, republicans pounced on the  findings  in an effort to paint her as an incapable, dangerous criminal (like they haven t already). Democrats, on the other hand, are taking a different approach and surprisingly have a strong defense from the conservative Forbes. Saying the newest findings in the  email-gate  vindicate rather than harm her, contributor Charles Tiefer, who served as Solicitor of the House of Representatives and as an attorney for the Senate Legal Counsel, says the  scandal  may not lie with Hillary Clinton but really with the Bush Administration:It does not add any new serious charges or adverse facts. And, it shows she was less out of line with her predecessors, notably Colin Powell, than has been charged. Powell s handling of his email was so similar, in fact, that when House Republicans drag this issue through hearings up to Election Day, Powell should be called as a witness   a witness for Clinton. To put it differently, she is having a double standard applied to her.If there is any person in the history of American politics that is the poster child for having double standards applied, it would be Hillary Clinton. For obvious reasons (she s a woman), Clinton seems to bear the brunt of rage from people who remain silent when men (or members of their own party) do the exact same thing: embassy security; mere ambition; votes (think crime bill); paid speeches; and now email procedures.Once again, Hillary Clinton is put on blast for an 83 page report, in which only half a dozen pages actually address the Secretary s personal emails   the rest of the pages are appendices, historical context and precedence established by predecessors including Albright, Rice, Powell and now Kerry. And the few pages that do mention her emails mostly discuss broad cyber security policies pertaining to emails.No new information has come out of the report. Just a scathing slap on the wrist for Clinton, who has already admitted that she could have gone about a much better way of handling her emails. But still you ll find Republicans (and indeed some left wing liberals) cry out  smoking gun.  As Tiefer points out:[T]o the extent that she is criticized because  she did not comply with the Department s policies that were implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act,  the report is making a legal judgment that is not particularly strong. Note how she is not labeled as violating any statute, but rather, a real mouthful of mush    the Department s policies that were implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act.  So we are talking about obscure, dull, bureaucratic policies. Not a criminal statute. Not even a civil statute   just the bureaucratic policies.The fact of the matter is that this is not a smoking gun   just a politicized report of things we already knew. Based on the IG s report, Clinton did nothing illegal, she just created a bureaucratic headache. Shouldn t Republicans be giving her a medal given their intense hatred for the rules and procedures established by bureaucracy?So how does this help her? Well, for starters, it doesn t really hurt her. There s no legal framework established for an indictment, yet (unless we are counting on the FBI or the DOJ to somehow find a smoking gun). Second, it s more ammo for Clinton to use against a very sexist double standard that is applied to women in politics and not men. Third, it s another light shone on the Bush Administration, a penchant for lies, crooked shenanigans, and again, double standards.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6162, Trump Just Promised To Only Pick A White Man For VP – His Reason Will Make You SICK,"According to Donald Trump, Joe The Plumber was right when he said the only  American  thing we can do is elect a white Republican President, emphasis on white. On Thursday, the Trump campaign somehow managed to lower the bar of decency even more than they already have. Speaking on The Donald s behalf, his campaign chair made a promise that will make Trump s  poorly educated  white supremacist supporters happy   Trump will only pick a white man for Vice President, regardless of qualifications or other factors, because minorities are apparently incapable of being good at the job. He needs an experienced person to do the part of the job he doesn t want to do,  Paul Manafort told the Huffington Post.  He seems himself more as the chairman of the board, than even the CEO, let alone the COO. There is a long list of who that person could be,  the campaign chair continued,  and every one of them has major problems. But no matter what their problems, every single one of them is better than those blacks and Mexicans, according to Manafort. He says that the campaign likely won t choose a woman or a member of any minority group:Only Trump s idiot supporters would view choosing a running-mate based on their qualifications for the job rather than sex and skin color  pandering.  Is this really who Republicans want to lead the nation   someone who wants to literally build a wall to keep brown people out of the country, someone who thinks simply being from Mexico makes one a drug dealer, someone who tweets out white supremacist propaganda and encourages his supporters to beat up black people at his rallies (even offering to pay their legal fees)?featured image via Getty Images/Spencer Platt",0
6163, Vince Foster’s Sister Is FURIOUS With Donald Trump,"Donald Trump has a strategy to defeat Hillary Clinton, and that s to re-litigate decades of anti-Clinton conspiracy theories   theories that should have been put to bed years and years ago.The ugliest of those theories is that Hillary Clinton had her friend Vince Foster murdered   this despite the fact that numerous investigators, including Clinton attack dog Kenneth Starr, have said that Foster s death was suicide and now his sister is speaking out.Here s more on Trump s accusation:In an Op-Ed in the Washington Post, Sheila Foster Anthony, sister of Vince Foster, said this to Trump:It is beyond contempt that a politician would use a family tragedy to further his candidacy, but such is the character of Donald Trump displayed in his recent comments to The Washington Post. In this interview, Trump cynically, crassly and recklessly insinuated that my brother, Vincent W. Foster Jr., may have been murdered because  he had intimate knowledge of what was going on  and that Hillary Clinton may have somehow played a role in Vince s death.How wrong. How irresponsible. How cruel.************************************************Five investigations, including by independent counsels Robert B. Fiske Jr. and Kenneth Starr, concluded that Vince suffered from severe depression that caused him to be unable to sleep, unable to work, unable to think straight, and finally to take his own life.Anthony goes on to say that she and her brother were very close and that he called her a few days before he died saying that he needed help for depression. She found three psychiatrists, but help wasn t early enough. He killed himself three days later. That was only the beginning of her nightmare. The right took the story of Foster s suicide and tried, desperately to pin it (and everything else) on the Clintons.These outrageous suggestions have caused our family untold pain because this issue went on for so long and these reports were so painful to read. For years, our family had to wage a court fight to prevent release of photographs of Vince s dead body. My heartbroken mother was plagued by harassing phone calls from a reporter.Anthony has kept mostly quiet throughout the years, but Trump bringing this up again, many years after this has been settled, is too painful for her, and for her family, to endure.The fact is, that Trump will stop at nothing to appease his ego and win the ultimate political prize. This election will be ugly. A lot of people, who have put the past behind them, will have old wounds opened. Hillary Clinton, like all political candidates, is flawed, but she s not a murderer and to imply so is beyond unethical. Trump is only proving that he s not fit for office, any office.Featured sketch of Vince Foster via Wikipedia. Featured image of Hillary Clinton via Mark Wilson at Getty Images.",0
6164, Watch Bernie Fans SHUT DOWN This Misogynistic Anti-Hillary Protester (VIDEO/TWEETS),"On Wednesday, Bernie Sanders supporters showed just what classy and decent people they were when they stuck up for Sanders  Democratic rival Hillary Clinton   and also took a stand for women all over the world in the process.This happened when a man was spotted holding a disgustingly misogynistic sign that protested the presidential campaign of former Secretary of State at one of her rallies in Buena Park, California. His sign read,  Women are NOT fit to be President  and  President = man s job.  Here s the awful sign, as posted to Twitter by ABC s Liz Kreutz:Man holds  Women are NOT fit to be President  sign outside Clinton s rally pic.twitter.com/S2Ya6MUAyU  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) May 25, 2016Fortunately, a group of Sanders  fans were at Clinton s rally to support Bernie   and although they weren t backing Clinton, they knew what needed to be done when they saw this misogynist in action. In the video below, you ll see Sanders supporters confront the sexist anti-Clinton protester, and destroy his sign to show that sexism and leaving women out of politics is a thing of the past. He is shamed, mocked and berated for his oppressive attitudes toward women as Sanders  supporters teach him a lesson he ll never forget. One woman can even be heard saying,  He s a f*cking teacher. Did you see what his sign said? You can watch the video here: Some of the Sanders supporters protesting Clinton tore up the man s  women are not fit to be president  sign pic.twitter.com/t6JScCYgcQ  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) May 25, 2016The man wasn t identified, but Kreutz reported shortly after posting the video that  The man would not give his name but some people here identified him as a local high school AP calculus teacher.  This caused many people on social media to respond with things like,  He needs to be fired NOW. There s no way girls in his AP calculus class are being treated fairly or constitutionally. Later that day, Kreutz was able to reach him   and his cowardly response was that his sign was a joke    which seriously makes me wonder if this guy might be a Donald Trump fan.Bernie Sanders  supporters might not have been there for Hillary, but they definitely did something honorable   not just for her, but for all women. Thanks to them, this right-wing nut has been properly shamed and this video has gone viral. Hopefully, his school district will find out and he will be fired before his sexist attitude can threaten the futures of any more women and girls.Featured image via Twitter",0
6165, Rosie O’Donnell Just CRUSHED What Was Left Of ‘Sh*tstain’ Donald Trump’s Pride (VIDEO),"Rosie O Donnell and Donald Trump have been engaged in a years-long feud, mostly because he leveled pathetic jabs at her over minor issues. But since Trump began his run for President, watching her smack him around has gone from entertaining to downright epic. On Wednesday, O Donnell made an appearance at a Boy George and Cyndi Lauper gig in New York. Speaking to the crowd, she launched into another attack on Trump that is likely eating away at him this very moment.In a video posted by the Daily Mail, O Donnell joked that she is  depressed because I f*cking hate that orange piece of sh*t.  She says he talked to her therapist about The Donald, and was told not to focus on the 2016 Republican frontrunner. Well I would rather give birth to a flaming iguana while taking a sh*t,  she recalls saying, apparently about his presidential prospects.  I hate him. I hate him. O Donnell noted that someone who was her  enemy for years  is friends with the  sh*tstain with a tinge of orange    a fact that  worries  her.All through her brief set, the audience cheered and laughed, but the man who recorded the video says that a few people were upset with O Donnell. Rosie s routine was just jaw-dropping,  he told the Daily Mail, noting that he began recording after the comedienne called Trump a sh*tstain.  She sounds like she is obsessed with Donald Trump and it was what she spent most of her very short act talking about.  He says that  not everyone was impressed,  tossing out an unverifiable claim that people around him were  shaking their heads in disagreement. One man near me turned to his wife turned and said,  I really hope Donald gets elected so she keeps her promise and moves to Canada ,  the man claims, apparently able to overhear someone s conversation with his wife over both O Donnell and the very enthusiastic crowd. He says that  Another lady was shouting,  Get off and let Cyndi sing'    something that is oddly missing from his video.Recently, O Donnell made headlines with a rather hilarious observation about Trump s mouth   specifically that it looks almost exactly like a puckered anus.Watch O Donnell s latest Trump smackdown below:Featured image via Getty Images (Dimitrios Kambouris)/Getty Images (Spencer Platt)",0
6166, WATCH: This Congresswoman Put An Anti-LGBT Bigot In Her Place During Hearing,"After an anti-LGBT witness demonstrated her ignorance of transgender people, a House Democrat openly called her a bigot for the record.During a House Judiciary Committee hearing on Wednesday, Gail Heriot of the U.S. Human Rights Commission made it pretty clear that she probably should not be part of that body when she testified in writing that transgender people are living in a fantasy world where they are only pretending to be members of the opposite sex. If I believe that I am a Russian princess, that doesn t make me a Russian princess, even if my friends and acquaintances are willing to indulge my fantasy,  Heriot wrote.  Nor am I a Great Horned Owl just because   as I have been told   I happen to share some personality traits with those feathered creatures. Republicans are currently waging war against the federal government s public bathroom policy that protects transgender people from discrimination, which was a response to anti-LGBT policies passed in red states such as North Carolina where transgender people can only use the restroom that corresponds with the assigned gender on their birth certificate.Needless to say, Heriot s testimony made people angry, including California Rep. Zoe Lofgren. I ve got to say, I found this rather offensive,  Lofgren said upon reading the testimony.  It says to me that the witness really doesn t know anything and probably has never met a transgender child who is going through, in almost every case, a very difficult experience finding themselves. Indeed, being transgender is not a fantasy. It s reality and the struggle is very real. Not only do transgender people have to deal with discovering who they are, which often includes therapy and and medical treatments, they have to deal with bigots who have don t understand what they are going through.Lofgren was so offended by Heriot s testimony that she literally called her out for being a bigot for the record. I think you re a bigot, lady,  Lofgren told Heriot after she attempted to interrupt.  I think you are an ignorant bigot. Iowa Rep. Steve King protested on behalf of his fellow bigot by accusing Lofgren of being  out of order  but the California Democrat shut him down, too. Mr. Chairman, it is my time, and I would just like to say that we allow witnesses to say offensive things, but I cannot allow that kind of bigotry to go into the record unchallenged,  she said.Here s the video via YouTube.Lofgren was right to call out Heriot for the bullshit she wrote. As a member of the Human Rights Commission, she should be on the front lines fighting for transgender people to enjoy those same human rights that the rest of us enjoy. Instead, she s nothing more than a bigoted crony doing the bidding of transphobic Republicans.Featured image via screenshot",0
6167, Gohmert: Homosexuality Is ‘Perverse’ Because Gay Astronauts Can’t Reproduce In Space (VIDEO),"Rep. Louie Gohmert is perhaps America s most troubled congressperson. Vehemently anti-gay, the Representative from Texas has often made headlines for his nonsensical speeches. All of them were put to shame when Gohmert walked up to the podium on May 26 and began speaking about asteroids, Matt Damon and gay astronauts.While on the floor of the House, Gohmert launched into a nearly hour long diatribe against Obama s recent efforts to stop anti-gay discrimination. Having just killed his own party s energy and water spending bill because Republicans noticed it might help LGBT people, Gohmert was unhinged.Claiming homosexuality and transexuality were  perverse  mental disorders, Gohmert decided to  prove  his point by offering up a thought experiment. It is a very dumb thought experiment.I really wonder how many people who had the ultimate power to decide whether humanity would go forward or not. Whether it was an asteroid coming, something that would end humanity on Earth as dinosaurs were ended at one time. Okay, we ve got a spaceship that can go as Matt Damon did in that movie. Plant a colony somewhere we can have humans survive this terrible disaster.If you could decide what 40 people you put on the spacecraft that would save humanity, how many of those would be same-sex couples?In fairness, we do need to give Gohmert credit for acknowledging that the dinosaurs were killed by an asteroid and not because Noah couldn t fit them on his ark. Sadly, the rest of his conjecture is stunningly stupid.The premise that gay people shouldn t be given equal rights because they couldn t make babies in space is faulty for a number of reasons, but here are just a few:Gohmert s homophobic rant is quite possibly so idiotic that it isn t even offensive. Watching a grown man base his hateful ideology on misunderstanding the point of a Matt Damon movie is profoundly sad. It begs the question,  What are other Republicans sitting in the House thinking?  Just knowing that your political views align roughly with that of a bonafide moron like Louie Gohmert is enough to give even the most hardened conservative pause, surely.Of course, there are dumb people of every political stripe, but there s only one Louie Gohmert and he s a proud Republican   and that kind of says it all.Watch Gohmert s insane rant below:Featured image via CSPAN",0
6168, WATCH: Obama Directly Calls Trump Out For Caring More About Tweets Than The Nation,"While speaking at the G-7 Summit in Shima, Japan, President Obama directly called Trump out for his shenanigans and let everyone know that world leaders are  rattled  by Trump s presumptive Republican presidential nomination.Obama also noted Trump s clear priorities, which is that he seems to care more about sending out tweets and Twitter than actually focusing on real-world issues that will have a direct impact on not only the nation, but the entire world.The president said: I think it s fair to say they are surprised by the Republican nominee, they are not sure how seriously to take some of his pronouncements, but they re rattled by him, and for good reason  A lot of the proposals that he s made display either ignorance of world affairs or a cavalier attitude or an interest in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that s required to keep America safe, secure and prosperous, and what s required to keep the world on an even keel. The president implying Trump has an  ignorance of world affairs  is being too nice. Trump is utterly naive when it comes to foreign policy and diplomacy, and is, quite literally, a liability to overall geopolitics and international security.He also added: Things don t roll together so well if the United States is not making good decisions. Trump, of course, seemed flattered that the president would say that the world is  rattled  by is nomination, saying  that s good  that the world is mortified of him having the potential to be leader of the free world.The last thing the world needs is another bully.Now, more than ever, we as a nation to come together to make sure Donald Trump gets nowhere near the Oval Office. Not just for us, but for the entire world. Watch President Obama s remarks here:.@POTUS: World leaders  rattled  by @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/LpbDtQgYo9 pic.twitter.com/ZUxvhBv7wf  POLITICO (@politico) May 26, 2016Featured Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
6169, NEVER TRUMP: Ice Cream Shop Kicks Out Muslim-Hating Bigots (VIDEO),"An ice cream parlor in Orange County, California, turned down money from a  Muslim-bashing customer after he insulted a Muslim woman in the store who was sitting and enjoying ice cream.22-year-old Nura Takkish was the target of the bigot.Takkish was sitting with two of her friends at Andrew s Ice Cream and Dessert in Orange County, California, on Monday, May 23, when they noticed a commotion at the counter. A customer was being asked to leave for saying  racist and nasty things,  the shop s baker, Jessie Noah, later told The Huffington Post.Takkish s friend Malaak Ammari started to record the incident on her phone.When you just trying to eat your ice cream but trump supporters won't let you live pic.twitter.com/rW3MI8a2pn  palestina (@itsdatnunu) May 24, 2016The baker handed the bigot back his $3, telling him,  You can give somebody else your business.  Cindy Ramsay, wife of the shop owner added,  If you can t be nice, we don t want you. On his way out, the defeated bigot yelled again:As he heads to the door, the man points a finger at the two women in headscarves and says,  I don t want them near my country. Too bad, we re here,  Ammari replies, still filming.  Sucks for you. Sucks for me? You ll see what happens,  the man replies threateningly. Then Noah walks to the door and closes it as the man walks away.Donald Trump has made anti-Muslim bigotry one of the centerpieces of his presidential campaign. He issued a call for Muslims to be barred from travel to the United States, and repeated the message in a press release and a live media event.The attacks on Muslims have been repudiated by civil rights organizations and leading politicians like President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders. Even some Republicans have said Trump s attack on Muslims is beyond the pale and not reflective of American values.The Trump campaign, after winning the nomination, has attempted to step away from some of those comments. But his most ardent supporters, and a majority of Republicans according to multiple polls, share the same view of Muslims as the bigot in the ice cream parlor.Featured image via Twitter",0
6170, This Method Has Predicted Every Modern Election And Trump Is Screwed,"It s not about polls, it s not about personalities, it s not about unfavorable (or favorable) ratings, it s not even about policy. Moody s, who has predicted every election since Reagan in 1980, says that the Democrat will win the White House and the odds are getting progressively worse for Trump.According to Moody s, it s the economy. It s always the economy, and despite Trump s insistence that we are stuck in an apocalyptic nightmare of 40 percent or more unemployment, people are pretty happy overall, which favors the party in office: Democrats.It s a bad sign for Trump. Moody s has been predicting a Democratic triumph since last August, but the margin of victory is getting bigger for the left as the economy has stayed relatively strong and President Obama s approval rating has risen.The reason a Democrat will win isn t about polling or personalities, it s about economics, says Moody s. The economy is the top issue in just about every election. When the economy is doing well, the party currently in office usually wins again. When the economy is tanking, Americans vote for change.So far, the U.S. economy is chugging along. It s growing. Millions of people are getting jobs, home prices are rising and gas is cheap. All of this favors Democrats. The bad thing is that this puts Trump right in his comfort zone. Just two years before the housing collapse, Trump, on the Howard Stern Show, actually hoped that the real estate market would collapse. You can bet that he s hoping something similar for 2016.Right now, Moody s says the thing most likely to put a wrench in Democrats  plans is if the price of oil was to dramatically rise. Nationally, that level would have to be about $3.00 per gallon. Right now, the national average is about $2.31, which Americans are pretty comfortable with.The other thing Americans are comfortable with, which bodes well for Democrats, is President Obama. His approval rating is over 50 percent for the first time in three years. If it holds at current levels, the two-year increase in the president s approval rating running up to the election would surpass even that of President Ronald Reagan at the end of the Cold War,  notes Moody s.Best yet, the swing states are all looking pretty good. Moody s predicts that Virginia, New Hampshire, Ohio, Florida, Colorado (no wonder Republicans hate legalized pot, it helps the economy and helps Democrats win) and Nevada will all swing for the Dems. North Carolina should go Republican unless the transgender bathroom laws get enough Dems to the polls.Featured image via Joe Raedle at Getty Images (Clinton)/Isaac Brekken with Getty Images (Trump)",0
6171, Report Exposes How Trump Dodged $20 Million In Taxes (PHOTO EVIDENCE),"Donald Trump was involved at the highest levels in a cozy real estate deal that allowed $20 million in taxes owed to the federal government to go uncollected. The revelation comes as Trump still refuses to disclose his income taxes even as it emerged that years ago he paid no taxes, despite being a multi-millionaire (he claims to be a billionaire, but there is no independent proof of that).Trump s machinations were revealed by the British newspaper The Telegraph.The billionaire approved a $50 million investment in a company   only for the deal to be rewritten several weeks later as a  loan .Experts say that the effect of this move was to skirt vast tax liabilities, and court papers seen by the Telegraph allege that the deal amounted to fraud.Independent tax accountants and lawyers said that the documents Mr Trump signed   copies of which were obtained by this newspaper as part of a three-month investigation   contained  red flags  indicating the deal was irregular.The paper has also obtained the document making the deal, including Trump s one, unique signature.Kack Blum, chairman of the Tax Justice Network and a financial crime attorney told the paper that Trump is the  poster child  for elites that avoid their taxes, while the burden to make up the shortfall in revenue falls on the shoulders of middle-class Americans.Under New York law, up to 40 percent in taxes should have been paid on the deal if it went through as a traditional transaction. But since Trump was able to get the transfer of funds classified as a  loan,  taxes were completely avoided. Former employees of the company Trump was involved in, Bayrock, said that $20 million in taxes went uncollected.A professor of law and director of tax at the University of San Diego told the Telegraph that the he doesn t think the deal signed by Trump  would survive a challenge  by the IRS.Featured image via The Telegraph",0
6172, Bill O’Reilly Just Made The Most Offensive And Outrageous Claim About Black Lives Matter EVER,"If there is anyone who is as big a bully as Donald Trump, it is Fox News  Bill O Reilly. Whenever he has a guest on his show that has a differing opinion than him, he cuts them off, yells at them and all around treats them like shit. In addition to the way he treats his guests, he lies all the time to his audience and makes inflammatory claims about Democrats and liberal organizations. His love for outrage was showcased on the Wednesday night episode of The O Reilly Factor where he accused Black Lives Matter of  killing Americans. O Reilly introduced the  Talking Points  segment of his show by saying, How Black Lives Matter is killing Americans: that is the subject of tonight s talking points memo.  He went on to say that the movement is a  violent subculture  within the African-American community. Yes, because fighting for the rights, through protests and demonstrations, is SUPER offensive and violent. He claimed: The media will not spotlight that much of the violent crime in America is being committed right now by young black men. Blacks of all ages commit homicide at a rate of 8 times higher than whites and Hispanics combined. Conclusion: There is a violent subculture in the African American community that should be exposed and confronted. I would love to know where Bill gets his statistics from. Obviously, it s The Bullshit Center For White Supremacist Studies. This tired old narrative that black people commit more crimes than white people is, exactly that, bullshit. According to FBI statistics, African-Americans were arrested more than whites for murder and manslaughter, but the numbers varied by ONE percent.However, white people committed far more violent crimes than African-Americans. Sixty-five percent of the people arrested for  forcible rape  were white, that s double the 32 percent that were black. Aggravated assaults? 62.8 percent were committed by whites, 34 percent by blacks. Burglaries? 67.1 percent were committed by whites, 30.8 percent by blacks. The FBI found that 58.7 percent of all violent crimes were committed by white people and 38.5 percent by African-Americans.Table via FBI.govDon t expect O Reilly to amend his false claims, though, he needs to keep his audience nice and outraged. He needs his viewers to believe that black  thugs  are murdering, raping and robbing. The Republican Party needs him to spread this racist, bombastic nonsense because the more fearful white folks are of black people, the more likely they are to vote for people like Trump who are promising to take the country back. They HATE that a black guy has taken up residence in  their  White House and they want to make their Oval Office white again. O Reilly and the GOP know that this is how their vapid base feels so they are fear-mongering HARD.Featured image via Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images",0
6173, Watch Hillary’s Reaction When Security Tries To Kick Shirtless Male Supporters Out Of Her Rally,"Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton had a couple of really enthusiastic supporters show up at her Buena Park, California rally on Wednesday. In fact, they were so enthusiastic she had to stop her security team from throwing them out of the event because they decided to remove their shirts.As security moved to escort the shirtless men out of her rally, one of them yelled,  Hillary, they re kicking us out because we don t have our shirts on. They re making us leave because we don t have shirts on.  A laughing Clinton responded by asking security to stop and saying: Well, you know what? As long as they don t take anything else off. You know, you gotta make split decisions that s what leadership is all about. We are a big diverse country. OK, where was I? I gotta admit, it is a little distracting standing up here looking at them. So I m gonna look over this way, and I m gonna look over that way. I m gonna look back there. It was a great moment for Clinton to show off the sense of humor a lot of people do not realize she has. The right wing often accuses her of being an Ice Queen, but she is actually very funny. Her response also highlighted the vast differences between her campaign and that of Republican nominee Donald Trump. The GOP candidate s rallies are filled with violence and hate, while Clinton s is filled with positivity. It s like night and day.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6174," Conservatives Get Out Measuring Tape, Find Obama’s New House Is Sort Of Near Islamic Center","The conservative media, quite literally having nothing better to do, decided rock bottom wasn t deep enough and dug a little deeper. What they found was that President Obama will be moving to a house that s vaguely near an Islamic Center. Surely this changes everything!With Obama s time in office coming to a close, the family announced that they would be staying in Washington D.C. after they left the White House so that Sasha and Malia could finish school there. The house they chose is one befitting a former president and was once owned by a senior adviser to Bill Clinton.The move will put the Obamas in one of Washington s wealthiest ZIP codes, in a secluded precinct backing up to Rock Creek Park that is home to diplomats and a focal point of the capital s cocktail-party circuit. The home itself is luxurious; photographs posted by Washington Fine Properties, which listed it when it sold in 2014, show spacious rooms with hardwood floors, white marble countertops, his-and-her master bathrooms and a terrace with formal gardens.Conservatives, naturally, promptly lost their minds. The Obamas, they reasoned, should not be allowed to live in a nice house. I ll leave the reasons why this particular First Family can t live in a nice house or, say, eat in a fancy restaurant up to your imagination.But the crack team of conservative airheads over at Tucker Carlson s The Daily Caller took another approach: A quick Google Maps search found that the Obamas  new home is  wait for it  sort of near an Islamic Center.Here s how the Daily Caller s Eric Owens framed it:The mammoth, multi-million-dollar mansion where President Barack Obama and his family will reportedly live after the first family exits the White House is located 1,096 feet from the Islamic Center of Washington   one of the largest mosques in the Western Hemisphere.What follows is hundreds of words devoted to painfully describing every detail about the Islamic Center and its function. (Hint: Muslims do Islam in there, if you can believe it.) Hilariously, Owens also notes that the embassy of Oman and the  former  embassy of Iran are  close to Obama s new mansion.  This presumably means something.It s hard to fathom that we are approaching President Obama s final months in office and the right-wing movement has yet to let the  Obama is a secret Muslim  conspiracy go. A quick scroll through The Daily Caller s comment section cesspool finds that a strong majority of readers truly believe this to be the case.If you re curious as to why places like The Daily Caller are obsessing over Obama s proximity to Islamic Centers and the number of bathrooms in his new house, it just might have to do with the fact that President Obama is riding a wave of popularity. Having used his second term to nail one legacy affirming accomplishment after another, Obama currently enjoys a favorability rating that is higher than Reagan s and a strong wind at his back as he closes out a presidency that people like Tucker Carlson and Eric Owens insisted would be a country-destroying disaster.But let s ignore all that because a thousand feet away from Obama s new house is an Islamic Center. Good grief.Featured image via The Wire",0
6175, Trump’s New Manager Admits The ‘Muslim Ban’ Idea Was To Reel In The Whackos,"Paul Manafort, Donald Trump s new convention manager, may not have gotten the memo that the campaign never openly engages in honesty. Telling the truth inside the Trump camp could start a chain reaction, bringing the whole shindig to a screeching halt. In an interview with The Huffington Post, Manafort basically admitted that Trump s  Muslim ban  was nothing but a ploy to attract the fringe right weirdos who enjoy living in fear every hour of every day. He s already started moderating on that,  Manafort said.  He operates by starting the conversation at the outer edges and then brings it back towards the middle. Within his comfort zone, he ll soften it some more. He ll still end up outside of the norm, but in line with what the American people are thinking. He starts those conversations on the  outer edges  because that s where the lunatics hang out. Once you ve secured them with a good dose of fear, hate and lies it s OK to move more towards the center, where people who live in the real world tend to be. It s not a new tactic for Trump; it s his status quo. His campaign began with a speech pandering to white supremacists. The wall he s never going to build whether he s elected or not will become legendary fodder for decades of election cycles to come.Manafort says the change will come at Trump s discretion, because  you don t manage Donald Trump.  Trump has already begun the move towards the center, saying recently that the ban he has said he would institute was actually  just a suggestion. Trump s  suggestions  leave little room for doubt on their translation. Was he also pandering to the far-right when he applauded torture and called for the U.S. to kill the families of known terrorists? Was he embellishing when he said that Mexico is  sending us  their worst criminals? Trump has and will say whatever he needs to say to keep those auditoriums stocked with hateful a-holes willing to get violent with protestors for free media coverage.Manafort seems to have the ideal personality to work for Donald Trump; he is completely delusional. On the issue of Trump s lagging support from women and Latinos, he told HuffPo: Hillary is the one who s got a gender gap. And while we are behind among women over all, we re ahead among white women even now. We ll get some black and Hispanic women as we go along, Yeah. Sure you will. As soon as Trump steps onto that stage and tries to treat Hillary Clinton the way he s treated Megyn Kelly, Carly Fiorina and Rosie O Donnell, women across America will be faced with the startling (not really) truth that Donald Trump only cares about his bought-and-paid-for wife and the daughter he seems to be secretly in love with. Even his younger daughter doesn t get a whole lot of billing; which makes you think Trump doesn t find her attractive enough to care about.Featured image by Kenna Betankur/Getty Images",0
6176, What Trump Just Said The GOP Will Become If He’s President Will Send Shivers Down Your Spine,"How does the saying go? If we don t learn from history we re bound to repeat it. Well, listening to Donald Trump s latest remarks the American people need to take a look back at their history books to realize what he may actually be saying, because it s outright terrifying.We already know that white supremacists across the country are beyond excited for the possibility of a Trump presidency, mainly because of his outright and unapologetic racism. Now, he s just uttered something that should send shivers down all of our spines. Unfortunately, most won t even notice what he s saying and it will sound appealing to them.Trump said: Five, 10 years from now   different party. You re going to have a worker s party. He said this with the following explanation, which will appeal to many, many voters, because in all honesty it s true: A party of people that haven t had a real wage increase in 18 years, that are angry. But here s the thing, using the language of  worker s party  is very reminiscent of another  workers  party  and would also fit with Trump s general theme of his very racist and seemingly fascist campaign.Remembering history, let s recall the  National Socialist German Workers  Party  otherwise known as the Nazi Party.Now, is Trump willfully using this language without thinking about its history? Possibly. Should someone tell him that using this language is terrifying? Definitely.Anyway you look at it, though, it fits with the general theme of Trump s campaign narrative of excessive propaganda, slander, hatred, bigotry, and stifling of  the other.  So, to hear him now say that the GOP will become a  worker s party  is absolutely nauseating, and everyone should take heed.Donald Trump is willing to say anything, not caring if he flip-flops, to gain votes to get into power. He hasn t been able to solidify one thing that he s talked about except for the fact that he wants to be president. He, quite literally, has absolutely no qualifying experience to be Commander-in-Chief. With no policy experience, foreign or domestic, whatsoever.Wake up, America and realize a vote for Trump is a vote against not only the best interest of the nation, or for that matter, the world, but also yourselves. The writing is on the wall. His use of language should terrify us all. Let s not repeat history.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6177, WATCH: Kimmel Tells Hypocrite Trump He’s ‘Full Of Sh*t’ To His Face,"Donald Trump s past support of Hillary Clinton came back to bite him on the ass during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live.During the Wednesday night broadcast, Kimmel introduced presumptive Republican nominee Trump and after briefly chiding him for his taco bowl tweet on Cinco de Mayo proceeded to ask him if he really thought his campaign for the presidency would ever get this far. When you started all this, I just have to believe that you thought  This will be fun, it ll be a four month thing  and you never imagined it would go this far. Is that true?  Kimmel asked.Trump replied that he didn t think his campaign would come out on top so quickly. He thought there would end up being two conventions with one in July and one in August to determine the GOP nominee. Trump also claimed that he believed Hillary would have won the Democratic nomination long before now, but said he enjoys watching her.Kimmel then asked Trump if he is  enjoying the Hillary/Bernie struggle.  Well I do,  Trump said. And then Trump failed to see the irony as called the battle between to two Democrats  nasty  and that he hates to see that. It s getting nasty,  Trump continued.  I had no idea it was going to be so nasty. And you hate that,  Kimmel replied.  You don t like that. Yeah, I hate to see it,  Trump answered.  I hate to see it. Donald Trump s campaign is one of the nastiest in American political history, perhaps only topped by the 1828 Election.At rally after rally, Trump has spewed violent rhetoric, encouraged intimidation, and launched racist and sexist attacks against anyone who opposes him, including Hillary Clinton, whose husband has been the latest target of vicious attacks by Trump.The mentioning of Hillary Clinton, however, gave Kimmel the opportunity to hilariously hit Trump with statements he made about Hillary in 2008 and 2012. In 2008 you said you thought Hillary  would make an excellent president  and as recently as 2012 you said you thought she was  terrific.' Kimmel asked Trump to explain why he made those remarks and what has changed.Trump claimed that he says good things about all politicians as a businessman, to which Kimmel replied,  So you were full of shit when you said that. Trump could only shake his head in agreement and smile.Here s the video via YouTube.Kimmel definitely caught Trump with a brilliantly laid out trap.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6178, Maine’s Gov. LePage OWNED On Live Radio By Woman Who Has No Insurance Thanks To Him,"Maine s Governor Paul LePage is a Tea Party idiot who refused Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, and all the federal funding that comes with it. The Medicaid expansion part of Obamacare was designed to help people obtain coverage who earned too little to qualify for insurance on the exchanges, but too much to qualify for Medicaid. LePage screwed over tens of thousands of Maine residents with his decision, and one woman was not going to let him get away with it if she could help it.The woman, who was identified as Laura, falls into that gap between qualifying for Obamacare and qualifying for Medicaid. She called in while LePage was being interviewed on Maine Public Radio specifically to blast him on behalf of the 60,000 Maine residents who are still without health insurance because of him: I m actually one of the people affected by the health care issue in Maine, so LePage is wrong in saying that people aren t affected or that wouldn t get the insurance. I would get the insurance if we accepted that money federally. LePage has been perpetuating the lies that no coverage gap actually exists, and that Maine wouldn t qualify for federal funds anyway because their Medicaid program accepts people with incomes of up to 200 percent of the federal poverty line. So, of course, he insulted Laura by asking her why she doesn t qualify for Medicaid. Her response was: I make too little money to be on Obamacare. It s expected that if you go to Obamacare that you re going to make a certain amount of money so you can afford the premiums. But if you make $11,500 a year To that, LePage replied that she does qualify for Medicaid, and she retorted: You don t get Medicaid unless you re pregnant, disabled or over 55. This woman is a social worker, so her job includes helping people get access to certain things, including Medicaid. Therefore, she would know this stuff far better than the oppose-Obama-at-all-costs Tea Partier that s in the Governor s Mansion there. The fact that she herself makes too much money to qualify for Medicaid, but too little for Obamacare, was the final nail in the coffin of that conversation.Here s why: LePage s office was hilariously forced to release a statement later in the day admitting that the governor was wrong about the qualifications for Medicaid and the expansion. The state, because of its law, would not qualify for the full 100 percent of federal reimbursement for the first three years, and then the 90 percent every year after that for people between 100 percent and 138 percent of the federal poverty line. It qualifies for 62 percent reimbursement there.However, for the 60,000 Maine residents who currently fall into the coverage gap, Maine would qualify for the full federal reimbursement. So Laura triumphantly destroyed LePage s own talking points on the air, forcing his office to clarify things for listeners later on.How embarrassing. We re laughing so hard it hurts.Featured image by MattGagnon. Licensed under Public Domain via Commons",0
6179, The Bundys Are Suing Because They Can’t Have Guns….In Jail,"No one has ever accused the Bundy boys of being intelligent. Their grasp on reality is a little sketchy, as is pretty much everything they do. They are the poster children for entitlement   expecting the government to give them free stuff (cattle grazing land), and then when the government charges them, they take over a bird sanctuary in Oregon. Now, they are pissed that after they broke numerous laws, their rights are being stripped away, just like everyone else who s in jail.Ammon and Ryan Bundy, sons of Cliven Bundy, are suing the Multnomah County Sheriff s Office. Some of their complaints don t seem completely ridiculous. They want more access to the law library, discovery material and office supplies. They also feel that the jail hasn t been accommodating enough to their Mormon religion. But it s not all sane, at all.UNSPECIFIED LOCATION   JANUARY 26: (EDITORS NOTE: Best quality available) In this composite with handout images provided by the Multnomah County Sheriff s Office, suspects (Top L) Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy, Ryan Waylen Payne, Brian Cavalier, (Bottom L) Peter Santilli, Joseph Donald OShaughnessy , and Shawna Cox pose for a mugshot photo after being arrested by U.S. Marshalls January 26, 2016 in Oregon. Ammon Bundy and seven others were arrested in a traffic stop along Highway 395 outside Burns, Oregon. One person was killed in the confrontation. Bundy led a group of armed followers, adopting the name Citizens for Constitutional Freedom, and occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. (Photo by Multnomah County Sheriff s Office via Getty Images) My rights are being violated. My right to life is being violated. All of my First Amendment rights are being violated. My right to freedom of religion is being violated,  Ryan Bundy wrote in a supporting statement.  My Second Amendment rights are being violated. I never waived that right. My Fourth Amendment rights are being violated.Wait, what? The Bundys are complaining because they re not allowed to have their guns, in jail!? Oh, and that search and seizure stuff that they tend to do in jail is very tiresome.Believe it or not, the jail hasn t completely laughed off all the Bundy complaints. They have given them more access to the library and they are considering giving them access to a computer of some sort. MCSO is willing to consider permitting inmates to have a solid-state device like an iPad, loaded with discovery including video, legal materials and a word-processing program to be made available to the person only in his cell,  jail officials responded to the request.Just imagine one moment that the Bundys were Muslim instead of Mormon. 9/11 suspects were accused of having laptops, while in Gitmo, according to the unreliable Washington Times.As for the religious gatherings, the jail put their foot down. They wanted to gather together, wearing temple garments beneath their jail clothes. The jail was worried about them gathering, but they did allow them an extra towel for kneeling to pray and they are allowed to wear their religious garments.The jail also refused to give them access to the internet, chairs in their cells, access to other defendants, unmonitored phone calls, a cordless printer and scanner, more storage space and real pens. Come on, anyone who s every watched a prison movie knows that real pens are killers.Not a single one of the jail s concessions have been enough, according to the Bundys. They are considering suing. Here s a copy of the complaint. The Bundys are accused of 16 federal felonies. If they are convicted, they will never be able to own a gun again, not that that will stop them.Featured image via Justin Sullivan with Getty Images",0
6180, Donald Trump And Bernie Sanders Agree To Debate Before California’s Primaries,"Jimmy Kimmel landed a rare, on-air appearance from Donald Trump on the May 25th edition of his show, and wasted no part of the segment in grilling Trump on everything. Possibly the most interesting twist, however, came when Kimmel read a question from Bernie Sanders, who will be tonight s guest on  Jimmy Kimmel Live.  The question? Hillary Clinton backed out of an agreement to debate me in California before the June 7th primary. Are you prepared to debate the major issues facing our largest state and the country prior to the California primary? Trump, ever the attention-whore, replied with something surprisingly philanthropic: Yes, I am. How much is he going to pay me? Because if I debated him, we would have such high ratings and I think I should take that money and give it to some worthy charity. If he paid a nice sum for a charity I would love to do that. Trump later said that whatever network picked it up could donate the money to charity for this debate.The Sanders campaign wasted absolutely no time in responding to Trump on this:Game on. I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) May 26, 2016This would be a truly interesting debate, especially given that primary season isn t over yet, despite all expectations that both nominations would be locked up by now. There have already been so many monkey wrenches thrown into the primaries that one would think nobody would notice this one. However, one would be very wrong   this could throw the biggest monkey wrench yet into the works, depending on how the two candidates interacted with each other and the moderators in such a setting.As of the time of this posting, there was no formal arrangement to actually hold this debate, and setting it up could be a logistical nightmare for the campaigns. That could change quickly, though, depending largely on whether the networks see any potential in it. Honestly, they d be idiotic not to want to do it. It s hard to imagine that anybody in the country wouldn t want to see these two put their arguments side-by-side in a debate format.As Bernie said,  Game on. Featured image via Michael Vadon/Gage Skidmore/Flickr. Images merged by Rika Christensen.",0
6181, White Students Rape Black Teen With Coat Hanger After Months Of Racist Taunting (VIDEO),"A federal lawsuit filed against officials at Dietrich High School, located in Dietrich, Idaho, claims that coaches and other staff at the school contributed to an environment of racist bullying, which culminated in the vicious rape of a Black teen by three white students.As KBOI reports here, 17-year-old Tanner Ward and 18-year-old John Howard, along with a third student who was not named, are facing felony sexual assault charges, after authorities say they carried out a vicious sexual assault on a disabled student.The three white students used a coat hanger to rape their Black classmate in the school locker room, last October.According to New York Daily News:A witness testified that Ward initiated the heartless attack and that Howard was the one who kicked the coat hanger five or six times while it was jammed inside the boy s rectum, causing painful injuries that required hospital treatment.The victim, who testified for the first time about the rape last month, told the court that he remembers the three students laughing throughout the brutal assault.According to the suit, coaches and other school officials created an atmosphere in which racist bullying of the mentally disabled teen was not only tolerated but encouraged.The suit alleges that football coaches urged other students, including Howard, to beat-up on the teen, claiming that it would  toughen him up. KBOI reports that the victim was made to wear boxing gloves, while Howard was encouraged to fight him bare-handed.During the incident, other students and coaches surrounded the Black teen, shouting racial slurs at him. The  nighttime fight,  as it was referred to by coaches and students, ended when the disabled teen was knocked unconscious by Howard.This is just one of many instances of racist bullying described in the suit, which states that the victim  was taunted and called racist names by other members of the team which names include  Kool-Aid   chicken eater   watermelon  and n r,  over the course of several months.According to New York Daily News:Howard, who is portrayed in court documents as the ringleader in the merciless harassment, is accused of forcing the black boy to sing a Ku Klux Klan song he learned in Texas, called  Notorious KKK.  Howard also encouraged other football players to join in on the vicious bullying, the suit alleges.The suit, which seeks $10 million in damages, alleges that coaches and school officials knew what was happening, but failed in their duty to protect the disabled student.As KTVB reports in the video below, since filing the suit the victim s family has experienced harassment from some local residents. The school was placed on lockdown on Wednesday, after news of the story broke nationally.Here s more on the story from KTVB.Image credit: video screen capture KTVB",0
6182, ‘Christian’ Dad Forced 14-Year-Old Daughter To Marry MUCH Older Rapist Who Impregnated Her (VIDEO),"There are many good things in the Bible   messages of love, charity, and goodwill toward others   and then there are the parts that should be ignored by even the most devout of Christians. One such segment, in particular, is Deuteronomy 22:27-29, which states that women should be forced to marry their rapists, even stipulating the amount that the rapist must pay for the woman or child he raped. It is likely this passage that led Idaho  Christian  Keith Strawn to drive his 14-year-old daughter to Missouri where he forced her to marry her rapist just like the Bible says.Most fathers would seek justice if a 24-year-old man raped and impregnated his 14-year-old daughter. Strawn will spend 120 days in jail after forcing her to marry Aaron Seaton, her rapist. The  Biblical  marriage lasted 120 days. Ultimately, Strawn s daughter miscarried. But he had an interesting defense of his decision to marry her off to her rapist:FOX31 reports:In August 2015, Strawn took his 14-year-old daughter and then 24-year-old Aaron Seaton to Missouri to consent in their marriage. Seaton, now 25, pleaded guilty to a rape charge in April and is believed to have impregnated her. The victim miscarried.Seaton is serving a 15-year prison sentence. Court records show Strawn  harbored and protected  Seaton by allowing him to live with his teenage daughter. If you get them pregnant then you marry them,  Strawn told [the judge] during the hearing.Strawn s attorney argued that he receive a six-day jail sentence   less time than Creationists believe it took God to create all of existence   and probation because his client s decision to marry off his daughter to her rapist  might have been a religious motivation. (The victim) told me herself that her father asked her several times during the trip to Missouri, and even the day of the marriage, if it was something she wanted to do, the attorney said, as though that mattered. I love my daughter very much and I would never do anything to intentionally harm her or put her in harm s way,  Strawn told the judge.  I made the wrong decision, and I made that decision in duress. It is unclear if Seaton paid Strawn the required 50 silver pieces for his daughter, as is required by the Bible, nor did he explain what he meant by  duress. Strawn was originally charged with two counts of felony injury to a child and one of accessory to rape. As part of a plea agreement, two charges were dismissed and Strawn agreed to plead guilty to a single count of felony injury to a child. The sentence was 110 days more than the prosecution s recommended 10-day sentence   which I am sure we can all agree is pretty awesome, though it could and should be longer.Watch a report on this horrific abuse below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6183," Trump Hasn’t Gotten The Memo That He’s All But Wrapped Up The GOP Nomination, And It’s Hilarious","Since Donald Trump is the presumptive GOP nominee for president, and the Democratic primary season isn t nearly as close to over as the Republican primary season, Trump ought to be spending his time trying to unite his party and gather as much support as possible. Instead, he s still acting like he s in the thick of the primaries.At a rally in Anaheim, he attacked South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley for endorsing Marco Rubio; Jeb Bush for having low energy (what?); and Mitt Romney for being a  choker.  He also said that Romney was stupid, and  choked like a dog. What month are we in now? He thinks it s still January, apparently.Those three haven t endorsed him yet, so obviously, in Trump s dimension, the way to get their endorsements is to alienate them. House Speaker Paul Ryan still hasn t endorsed Trump either, and Trump has been busy been attacking him on his favorite social media platform, Twitter. One has to wonder how he thinks he ll be well-positioned to win the presidency and work with Congress if the Speaker of the U.S. House can t stand him.At a rally in New Mexico on Tuesday, he attacked New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez because she wouldn t endorse him too. Martinez is the first Latina governor in U.S. history, the first female governor of New Mexico, and chair of the Republican Governors  Association. He slammed Martinez on Tuesday night, saying: We have got to get your governor to get going. She s got to do a better job. Okay? Your governor has got to do a better job. She s not doing the job. Hey! Maybe I ll run for governor of New Mexico. I ll get this place going. She s not doing the job. We ve got to get her moving. Come on: Let s go, governor. He went on to lie about New Mexico getting flooded with Syrian refugees, and basically acting like Martinez is his opponent. It s sad, and also hilarious in a way, because one would think he d want to secure as many endorsements as possible now, especially those of people as important as Martinez and Paul Ryan.Trump doesn t even hear the GOP s calls for him to try and unite the party   they may as well not exist. He thinks unity is a nice pipe dream, but not necessary for him, and really, who cares about healing rifts that run across the entire U.S., right? It s the same with the calls for him to act more presidential. He s stuck in the past. Either that, or he s out for the blood of everyone who s ever wronged him, which is likely the reason he s stuck in the past.Soon, he s going to have to face off against either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders. What will he do then, should he still have some prominent Republicans who continue to refuse to endorse him? General election season will be mighty interesting if he doesn t get with the program here. More than 60 percent of Americans already view him unfavorably, and this attitude could further alienate Republicans and Democrats alike. Too bad for our dear Mr. Trump.Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6184, Trump’s Campaign MAJORLY F*cks Up By Accidentally Emailing Its Anti-Clinton Strategy To A Journalist,"Donald Trump s best efforts to smear Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton have just been ruined and exposed   thanks to the carelessness of his own campaign!On Wednesday, Politico reported that Trump s campaign was planning to roll out several attacks against the former Secretary of State, focusing on her involvement in the Whitewater real estate scandal   which would be an entirely new strategy, considering that all Trump has been doing over the last few days is going after the sexual history and rape allegations of Hillary s husband, former president Bill Clinton.Trump s latest attack blueprint was revealed in an internal Trump campaign email, after campaign adviser Michael Caputo sent a request for a Republican National Committee researcher to work up information on HRC/Whitewater as soon as possible,  stating that  This is for immediate use and for the afternoon talking points process.  In the process of getting the information together, these plans were accidentally sent to an journalist. How does the Trump campaign f*ck up this badly? It s an interesting story. According to Politico: The email was obtained by POLITICO when Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks, who [Trump campaign adviser Michael Caputo] copied on his request to the RNC, accidentally responded instead to Marc Caputo, a POLITICO reporter who is not related to the Republican consultant. And Trump s anti-Clinton strategy wasn t the only thing Hicks let slip through the cracks. She also gave away the fact that RNC staffer Michael Abboud could possibly be jumping ship and joining the Trump campaign. Hicks said, He is still an employee of the RNC and we need to be sensitive to that until he comes over to our team full time. Hilariously, Hicks didn t realize how badly she d screwed up until about 20 minutes later   and all she did to rectify it was send the journalist another email. The email s subject line read,  Wrong email, obviously  and the message contained one pathetic word:  Apologies. Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
6185, Amy Schumer’s Response To Body Shaming Trolls Is Absolutely PERFECT (IMAGE),"Women, especially women in the public eye, are the constant victims of body policing. We re too fat, we re too thin, our breasts are too small, too large, or too fake. Comedian Amy Schumer is one woman who is the constant victim of such comments, specifically those regarding her weight. Schumer may not be a skinny minny, but she is a strong, healthy, beautiful woman who is not ashamed of who she is or how she looks. That never stopped hateful trolls from calling her fat, though. Well, Schumer decided to take those trolls to task via Instagram in the most perfect way   by posting a photo of herself in a swimsuit.The post was captioned: I meant to write  good morning trolls!  I hope you find some joy in your lives today in a human interaction and not just in writing unkind things to a stranger you ve never met who triggers something in you that makes you feel powerless and alone. This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy and also like miss trunchbull from Matilda. Kisses! Here is the embed of the post:I meant to write  good morning trolls!  I hope you find some joy in your lives today in a human interaction and not just in writing unkind things to a stranger you ve never met who triggers something in you that makes you feel powerless and alone. This is how I look. I feel happy. I think I look strong and healthy and also like miss trunchbull from Matilda. Kisses!A photo posted by @amyschumer on May 24, 2016 at 10:44am PDTKudos to the brilliant Ms. Schumer for her response to people who would dare to shame her for being proud of her body. The world is so unkind to those who are not a size 0, and that is nothing short of shameful.Amy Schumer is an excellent role model for women and girls and how we should deal with people who think they have the right to constantly comment on our bodies.Well done!Featured image via Brian Bedder/Getty Images",0
6186," While Texas Republicans Focus On Abortions And Bathrooms, It’s Still Legal To F*ck A Cat","Republicans  priorities are out of whack. In Texas, the GOP is currently waging a war on women   specifically on their ability to have a safe and sanitary abortion instead of taking a wire hanger to the bathroom. Top GOP legislators in the state have waged an extended war on Planned Parenthood based on fraudulent, heavily-edited videos depicting the health organization as an evil cabal that murders babies and sells their body parts to the highest bidder.Top GOP legislators in the state have waged an extended war on Planned Parenthood based on fraudulent, heavily-edited videos depicting the health organization as an evil cabal that murders babies and sells their body parts to the highest bidder. Though the creators of the  baby parts  videos were ultimately indicted by a grand jury and face decades in prison, the war on Planned Parenthood rages on in the Lone Star State.Texas  latest assault on women s rights comes in the form of an attempt to legislate bathrooms so that transgender women   even those some would call  passable  in a callous and offhanded sense   would be forced to use the men s restroom. A bill filed Sunday would institute harsh penalties for anyone who was born with a penis if they entered a women s shower or toilet facility regardless of whether or not they identify as a woman. In fact, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick recently called this blatant act of discrimination a priority of the  highest order. That s not a euphemism  while Republicans are focused on legislating vaginas in one way or another, it is not a crime for someone to unzip his pants and violate a feline with his penis. This may seem shocking, but it s true.On Tuesday, Bloomberg published a report that revealed some horrific facts about the latest state to embarrass our nation with ridiculous attempts to legalize human rights violations:When Katie Jarl started her job as the Texas state director for the Humane Society of the U.S., she received calls on a monthly basis from law enforcement and animal cruelty officers about bestiality cases. They asked whether they could arrest individuals for animal cruelty and how they could remove the animals from the home, she said.Jarl was forced to tell them they couldn t do anything because bestiality is still legal in the state of Texas. The problem is we simply don t have a law,  she told Bloomberg BNA.  When something s not illegal, it s a problem for law enforcement. Texas is one of nine states and the District of Columbia whose criminal codes do not include an enforceable bestiality statute.Jarl says that unless someone has sex with an animal in public so they can be charged with another crime, there are no limits to what a motivated and sick individual could do to the neighborhood cat, horse, or iguana population. There is absolutely no way to stop someone from exercising their apparent right to violate an animal, Jarl says. This, of course, is a problem because crimes against animals often escalate into crimes against humans, including the children whom Republicans claim their bathroom bill would protect: Animals are often the gateway to abusing children, women, and other human beings,  she said.Prosecutor Jessica Milligan agreed. Milligan heads the animal cruelty division for the District Attorney s Office of Harris County, Texas.Violence against animals and humans typically arise in a domestic violence context, but Milligan told Bloomberg BNA that she has seen more sinister cases. Right now they aren t considered criminals,  Jarl says.  They re allowed to do this legally.  Under current laws, animal rescuers are forced to return runaway pets to their owners when there are clear signs of sexual abuse   something that is certainly not OK.Unfortunately, one major problem is that Texas legislators don t know what the f*ck is going on in a general sense, but moreso when it comes to bestiality. Jarl says she is working with lawmakers to get a law on the books that would officially ban bestiality. She says that many are surprised it is not already against the law. I never thought I would have to convince anyone that bestiality should be illegal,  she says, but in Red States, anything is possible. Unfortunately, even if she manages to make a law banning bestiality happen, Bloomberg notes that rural areas,  where animals are seen as tools,  will present a problem because unless the media gets involved, it will be difficult to bring attention to the problem.Milligan says that bestiality is becoming more common in Texas, noting an upswing in such horrific would-be crimes since about the time President Obama was re-elected (within the last four years)   though she concedes that she is unsure if bestiality is on the rise or if people are just more open about posting their exploits on social media.Interestingly, Texas legislators remain silent on this issue, preferring to expend energy and taxpayer money on a nonsensical, multi-pronged war on women.Featured image via My San Antonio/Visualizeus",0
6187, American Liar: Wingnut Icon Chris Kyle Wasn’t The Hero He Made Himself Out To Be,"There s nobody your standard issue right-wing nutjob loves more than Chris Kyle. His story is the stuff of ammosexual dreams. Not only did he join the military to go fight terrorists, he scored more kills than anyone in Iraq. He also told some blatantly fictitious stories about things he did here at home, but his military career? Not even those darned lefties who think glorifying killing women and children for any reason is wrong could deny what s written in black and white. Ultimately, it seems, it s those same records that will cheapen the legacy of Chris Kyle.An investigation by The Intercept  reveals that while Kyle does have a remarkable military record, it wasn t enough for his ego. In his book, American Sniper, Kyle said: All told I would end my career as a SEAL with two Silver Stars and five Bronze [Stars], all for valor. That s awfully impressive. Unfortunately, it s a lie. According to internal Navy documents, Chris Kyle received one Silver Star and three Bronze Stars. Why anyone would need to embellish a career already that impressive is truly baffling, but Kyle did. Is it really that big of a deal, though? So the guy told a little fibsky what s the harm in that? Apparently, when it comes to Navy SEALS and valor, there is little that is worse. According to The Intercept:Kyle was warned at least once before American Sniper was published that its description of his medal count was wrong, according to one current Navy officer, who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak about the case. As Kyle s American Sniper manuscript was distributed among SEALs, one of his former commanders, who was still on active duty, advised Kyle that his claim of having two Silver Stars was false, and he should correct it before his book was published.Current and former Navy SEALs interviewed for this article, who agreed to speak on background because they feared being shunned by their close-knit community, did not dispute Kyle s heroism in combat, but saw the inflation of his medal count as significant because they consider battlefield embellishments to be dishonorable.Not only did Kyle lie, he was called on it. It may have been one thing if he could have claimed he thought he had medals or that,  aw, gee there were so many I got mixed up,  but that time came and went. Not only do Kyle s lies about shooting looters after Katrina or killing carjackers with his 2nd Amendment now get the  pants on fire  rating   his military career is now in question as well. Who is to say that he didn t embellish other things? The man was obviously constitutionally incapable of telling the truth.Maybe it s a good thing. Maybe a few fewer women and children met their end with what Kyle called  180 grains of justice. Featured image by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram/Getty Images",0
6188, Senator Who Once Betrayed America To Iran Has Gall To Accuse Harry Reid Of ‘Cancerous Leadership’,"Senator Tom Cotton just put on a legendary show of hypocrisy on the floor of the Senate and my jaw has not quite left the floor. Cotton is known these days as  Tehran Tom  thanks to his poorly executed attempt to derail President Obama s nuclear agreement with Iran by organizing a secret letter that was sent to the Iranian government instructing the country to ignore the diplomatic agreement or else, so it s a little rich that he feels confident in lecturing another senator on  leadership. However, it s not just Cotton s shameless hypocrisy that is striking, but the apparently fully realized fantasy world he lives in. So powerful are the delusions and so blind is he to the real world, it s a wonder Cotton manages to walk through his office without bumping into a coffee table. Here s Cotton, a man who recently held up a crucial bill because it would have allowed the Iranian nuclear agreement to go forward, slamming Sen. Harry Reid for   don t laugh, this is serious   obstructing a defense bill. As a junior senator, I preside over the Senate. I usually do in the morning, which means I m forced to listen to the bitter, vulgar, incoherent ramblings of the Minority Leader,  Cotton said.  Normally, like other Americans, I ignore them. I can t ignore them today, however. Cotton tore into Reid for stalling a vote on a crucial defense bill, even though the bill eventually passed 98-0.  When was the last time the Minority Leader read a bill? It was probably an electricity bill,  Cotton quipped.Why was Reid holding up the bill? For one thing, Republicans decided to add an amendment that would allow religious organizations to legally discriminate against gay people (in defiance of federal law). It s a favorite pet project of the GOP and, you may have noticed, has absolutely nothing to do with funding the military. Reid may be forgiven for feeling like amendments like these are unfettered bullshit and intentionally placed in important defense bills so that people like Tom Cotton can grandstand about them.Ironically, another aspect of the defense bill that has led to controversy is amendment requiring women to register for the draft. Why is that in there? Well, it s a funny story.The move to require women to register for the draft had an unlikely origin, when Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.)   who opposes the Obama administration s recent decision to open up all combat roles to women   proposed the change in the House Armed Services Committee to start a  discussion.  But to GOP leaders  surprise, the committee approved his language, prompting them to yank out the provision in a Rules Committee maneuver before it could go to the floor.In other words, Republicans in both the House and Senate have worked overtime to shoot themselves in the foot then scream at Democrats for not providing them with bulletproof shoes.It s clear what going on here. The Republican-led Congress has bravely led Congress to its lowest approval numbers in history. It s function as an equal branch of government has been replaced by a level of gridlock so severe that almost nothing gets accomplished. Having gotten Congress to this point by obstruction, Republicans are eager to diffuse the blame by pretending  both sides  do it.In Cotton s hysterical screeching, there s a very real fear that nobody is buying it anymore. Even someone as delusional as him can see that.Watch Cotton s ravings below via C-SPAN:Featured image via YouTube",0
6189, Democrats Preparing A Coup To Oust Debbie Wasserman-Schultz,"As the Democratic Primary wraps up and tensions continue to flare, Capitol Hill Democrats are quietly discussing a possible coup to oust DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz.Wasserman-Schultz, who has been seen as wildly divisive in the primary, is facing a mountain of criticism and uphill battles as she braces for a tough primary fight in Florida.According to an exclusive, in depth report from The Hill, Democratic Senators have been meeting together to draw up a plan to force the Florida Congresswoman to resign. One Democratic Senator, who is pro-Clinton and who remained anonymous, told The Hill: There have been a lot of meetings over the past 48 hours about what color plate do we deliver Debbie Wasserman-Schultz s head on. I don t see how she can continue to the election. How can she open the convention? Sanders supporters would go nuts. It s worth noting that these Democratic lawmakers couldn t actually oust Wasserman-Schultz; only the National Committee could do that, and would rely on talks between Clinton and Sanders.Another Democratic Senator echoed these sentiments, saying if the party hopes to attract young people, Wasserman-Schultz must go: We need to get this figured out and come together. Hillary s got the nomination. She needs Bernie s energy. It s time for her to accommodate. It s time to pick hard-nosed people to cut through things and figure out a deal. They [young people] need to know this is their party. However, not all Democratic Senators are cooling to Wasserman-Schultz. Senator Barbara Mikulski, who is retiring at the end of this term, said the Congresswoman has done a good job,  and said,  If you look at her platform committee appointments, she really gave a lot of room to Bernie supporters. Senators Bill Nelson, Tim Kaine, Kirsten Gillibrand, Jeanne Shaheen, and others have gone on record with The Hill vehemently denying the attempted coup and pledging their support. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and House Democratic Chair Xavier Baccara have also expressed their support for the DNC Chairwoman.The only member of he Senate to endorse Sanders, Jeff Merkley of Oregon, has remained neutral, but chastised Wasserman-Schultz for  adding gasoline to the fire  after the contentious and disastrous Nevada convention.An aide to Joe Biden told The Hill that the Vice President supports her.The issue surrounding Debbie Wasserman-Schultz continues to divide Democrats with roughly two months to go until the national convention in Philadelphia.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
6190, Trump Attacks New Mexico’s GOP Governor After She Refuses To Endorse Him,"If Donald Trump were a smart man, he d be doing everything he possibly could to woo New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez who has not yet thrown her support behind him. She is the perfect GOP poster woman    tough  on crime, anti-immigration, pro-corporate tax cuts, opposes Obamacare, and she is anti-gay marriage. However, instead of doing what a typical candidate would do and trying to win Governor Martinez over with his plans for the future, Trump has chosen to attack and bully an endorsement out of her.During a rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico on Tuesday night, the presumptive Republican nominee slammed the governor to his vapid supporters: We have got to get your governor to get going. She s got to do a better job. Okay? Your governor has got to do a better job. She s not doing the job. Hey! Maybe I ll run for governor of New Mexico. I ll get this place going. She s not doing the job. We ve got to get her moving. Come on: Let s go, governor. Trump went on to say, Syrian refugees are being relocated in large numbers to New Mexico. If I was governor, that wouldn t be happening. LIES!First of all, Governor Martinez is one of those Republicans who has no interest in helping Syrian refugees. She believes that the government doesn t vet refugees; basically, she has no idea what she is talking about. Because of her lack of education on how resettlement works, her state is not very welcoming. In fact, the Refugee Processing Center reports only ten Syrian refugees have been settled in New Mexico since 2011, the year Martinez assumed office.TEN. That s the  large number  of Syrians Trump is talking about.So, the question of the day is: Did Trump s speech convince the governor to support him?Not even a little.Martinez spokesman Mike Lonergan issued a statement responding to Trump s criticism: Apparently, Donald Trump doesn t realize Governor Martinez wasn t elected in 2000, that she has fought for welfare reform, and has strongly opposed the President s Syrian refugee plan. But the pot shots weren t about policy, they were about politics. And the Governor will not be bullied into supporting a candidate until she is convinced that candidate will fight for New Mexicans. Governor Martinez doesn t care about what Donald Trump says about her   she cares about what he says he will do to help New Mexicans. She didn t hear anything about that today. Good for her. I may disagree nearly all of Governor Martinez s policies but at least she isn t going to allow a misogynistic jackass bully her into submission.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6191, Rush Limbaugh’s Show Is In Financial Ruins Thanks To Liberal Boycott,"It s being dubbed the  rare boycott that actually worked.  In today s age of endless cycles of outrage and amnesia, Rush Limbaugh probably assumed that listeners would forget and forgive after, in a fit of characteristic rage, the conservative radio host called a Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke a  slut  on air (for the crime of using birth control, no less). Instead, it may have finally cost Limbaugh his job.It s been four years since Limbaugh lashed out at Fluke, but the damage is finally being felt. For one thing, his show   which is still a go-to source of batshit crazy   has been dropped by an ever growing list of advertisers and affiliates who, understandably, have no interest in being associated with Limbaugh s sickening brand nor care about appealing to his vicious, toxic listener. Making matters worse, Limbaugh s $38 million a year contract is expiring and as negotiations begin, suddenly the thought of paying a man tens of millions of dollars a year to call a college student a slut doesn t seem like such a good investment.Much of this is due to David Brock and his liberal watchdog organization, Media Matters for America. According to Politico, the company has spent over $100,000 on organizing the Limbaugh boycott that may finally take him down.The anti-Limbaugh faction came up with the social media-friendly slogan  Flush Rush.  The group s efforts met considerable success in the months that followed. Dozens of companies, including Netflix, JCPenney and Sears, announced they would boycott Limbaugh s show. Most have yet to return. And the increasing popularity of platforms like Twitter, which can be used to stoke outrage and promote boycotts, makes it highly unlikely they ever will.The Sandra Fluke incident  did a lot of harm to talk radio,  Darryl Parks says.  Thirty-eight percent of revenue disappeared overnight.  And the damage was not limited to Limbaugh; he hurt all of talk radio, including even some liberal hosts. Certain programs Michael Savage, for example, and in an earlier era, Bob Grant had always been considered  toxic  by some advertisers, but after the Fluke incident, entire stations or indeed, the entire format of talk radio were deemed no-go zones by blue chip brands.Compare this boycott to those frequently half-heartedly kicked off by the right and it s easy to see why the outcome was different. Unlike, say, the attempt to boycott Starbucks because they made their holiday cups red, the  Flush Rush  boycott is on firm moral ground. What Limbaugh did, and continues to do, to the people who happen to catch his ire is pathetic and wrong. While the color of a coffee cup might be  controversial  to some, listening to Limbaugh label a young woman a slut because she doesn t want to get pregnant is deeply repugnant regardless of your political leanings.Featured image via YouTube",0
6192, WATCH: This 10 Minute Elizabeth Warren Speech Needs To Be Played On Repeat Through November,"There s been an ongoing battle between presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren. The two have been verbally sparring back and forth for over a month now. Trump hurling insults, and Warren absolutely pummeling him with actual intellect.Warren s most recent remarks came Tuesday as she brought up the fact that Trump was rooting for the mortgage market to fail back before the housing crisis eight years ago. He was hoping to literally bank off people losing their homes.Warren said: Donald Trump was drooling over the idea of a housing meltdown because it meant he could buy up a bunch more property on the cheap. What kind of a man does that? Root for people to get thrown out on the street? Root for people to lose their jobs? Root for people to lose their pensions? Root for two little girls in Clark County, Nevada, to end up living in a van? What kind of a man does that?  I ll tell you exactly what kind. A man who cares about no one but himself. A small, insecure money-grubber who doesn t care who gets hurt, so long as he makes some money off it. What kind of man does that? A man who will never be president of the United States. And she s absolutely correct.Warren also went into how Trump keeps complaining about Dodd-Frank, the Wall Street reform bill, and how it s apparently limiting banks from doing business. She said: Donald Trump is worried about helping poor little Wall Street? Let me find the world s smallest violin to play a sad, sad song. Adding: Can Donald Trump even name three things about Dodd-Frank? Likely not, but neither can his supporters, and he s relying on their ineptitude to get ahead.Oh, and Warren is clearly getting under Trump s thin skin, because this is what he had to say after the Massachusetts senator s speech:Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 25, 2016That, from a man who, quite literally, has absolutely no policy or diplomacy experience whatsoever. Trump is clearly terrified of strong women and he needs to realize that hurling insults at women who have had to battle every step of the way to get to where they are isn t going to work. He s not the first bully they ve come across, and he most certainly won t be the last.Watch Warren s amazing speech here:Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6193, Watch Chuck Todd SHRED Trump For His Hypocritical Attacks On The Clintons (VIDEO),"Ever since his GOP rivals dropped out of the presidential race and he became the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump has stopped attacking his fellow Republicans and focused his childish attacks on his biggest competition   Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton. And of course, he s doing it the only way he knows how   by being a misogynist and attacking her marriage. The only problem is, Trump is too stupid to fully grasp the full hypocrisy of what he s doing.It s been widely reported that in the past, Trump was somewhat close to the Clintons   he even invited them to his (third) wedding. But what many don t realize is that the very attacks Trump is making on the Clintons are things that Trump previously defended the political power couple against.No one pointed this out better than Chuck Todd on Wednesday morning, when he appeared on NBC s  Today  to call Trump out for being a  walking contradiction. It was already an amazing segment, with  Today  showing some footage of Trump calling Paula Jones, a woman who accused former president Bill Clinton of sexual harassment years ago, a  loser. The show also aired an old video of Trump saying that the way HE treated women would prevent him from being president if he were to run. In a statement that has come back to haunt him, Trump had said, Can you imagine how controversial I d be? You think about (Bill Clinton) with the women, how about me with the women? Can you imagine? In the past, Trump had also downplayed Bill s Monica Lewinsky scandal, saying,  Look at the trouble Bill Clinton got into, with something that was totally unimportant   and they tried to impeach him, which was nonsense. But now that the stakes are high and Trump needs to defeat Hillary, his attitude has done a complete 180   and Todd isn t letting him get away with it. To show just how insane it is that Trump has continued to slide by with voters despite his lies, Todd said: I don t know why people give him a pass on this. I mean, I asked him, I said what Trump do we believe? What you said about Hillary Clinton five years ago, or what you say about her now?He has contradicted every single attack he s made on the Clintons. You can find sound to contradict it. It doesn t touch him. Todd also encouraged Hillary to start fighting back against Trump s attacks, and to leverage Trump s own mistakes to destroy his chances of getting the White House. I think he s counting on this, that the Clintons don t want to engage him on this. So he thinks he s got free rein to do it.If (Hillary Clinton) can make the case that, you know what, he s just like every other politician. That is the most dangerous description you can have if you re Donald Trump   it just hasn t taken hold. You can watch Todd take down Trump below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
6194, Stephen King And Hundreds Of Other Writers Pen Open Letter Rejecting Donald Trump,"The keepers of the written word in America are so abhorred by the prospect of Donald Trump becoming president that they penned a letter to the country declaring their opposition.Hundreds of writers and authors, many of whom are world renowned, wrote and signed a letter listing the many reasons why they refuse to support the presumptive Republican nominee.Among those who signed the letter include horror author Stephen King, author of The Joy Luck Club Amy Tan, and novelist Daniel Handler, better known to audiences as Lemony Snicket.The letter condemns Trump for abusing language to advocate for violence, bigotry, sexism, and division all in the pursuit of power, which the authors point out has created many a dictatorship. They also declare that wealth and celebrity do not qualify anyone to speak for all Americans, much less lead the military.And in a final flourish, the writers declare that they  unequivocally  oppose Trump s candidacy as a  matter of conscience. Here s the full letter via Lit Hub.Because, as writers, we are particularly aware of the many ways that language can be abused in the name of power;Because we believe that any democracy worthy of the name rests on pluralism, welcomes principled disagreement, and achieves consensus through reasoned debate;Because American history, despite periods of nativism and bigotry, has from the first been a grand experiment in bringing people of different backgrounds together, not pitting them against one another;Because the history of dictatorship is the history of manipulation and division, demagoguery and lies;Because the search for justice is predicated on a respect for the truth;Because we believe that knowledge, experience, flexibility, and historical awareness are indispensable in a leader;Because neither wealth nor celebrity qualifies anyone to speak for the United States, to lead its military, to maintain its alliances, or to represent its people;Because the rise of a political candidate who deliberately appeals to the basest and most violent elements in society, who encourages aggression among his followers, shouts down opponents, intimidates dissenters, and denigrates women and minorities, demands, from each of us, an immediate and forceful response;For all these reasons, we, the undersigned, as a matter of conscience, oppose, unequivocally, the candidacy of Donald J. Trump for the Presidency of the United States.450 writers and authors signed the letter. And a petition has been included so that other Americans can their own names in opposition to Trump.You can add your name by clicking here.What began as a joke has grown to become a threat to our nation and our democratic values. Donald Trump is a disgrace who never should have been allowed to get this far. But he has by appealing to the worst that the conservative base has to offer, including racist white supremacists, misogynists, and gullible evangelicals who think Trump is the new Jesus.As the authors wrote, this is not the time to stay at home while the rest of the country votes. This is the time for  an immediate and forceful response  that makes it clear that any political party who puts the country in this kind of danger will be deprived of capturing political power. That means we all need to use our right to vote while we still have it and overwhelmingly reject Trump and Republicans in November.Featured Image: Getty/Isaac Brekken",0
6195, President Obama’s Approval Rating Hits Three Year High – Here’s Why That Matters,"Rasmussen Polling wrote a commentary last year outlining ten factors that will determine who the next president will be. Among those was, of course, the candidates themselves and their rung mates, the state of the economy, the ongoing culture wars, and how vigorously the candidates fight in swing states. But one factor, which seems to have an influential and historical trend in elections, is the current president s approval rating. As Rasmussen found:Postwar history suggests that when a president has weak approval, his party pays a price in the next election. Harry Truman (1952), Lyndon Johnson (1968), Gerald Ford (1976), Jimmy Carter (1980), George H.W. Bush (1992), and George W. Bush (2008) all had mediocre-to-poor approval ratings, and the opposing party won all of those elections (defeating incumbents Ford, Carter, and H.W. Bush, and winning open-seat races in the others).When President Obama was elected in November 2008, George W. Bush s approval rating was a dismal 19 percent. In July 1992, when George H.W Bush was campaigning against Bill Clinton, his approval rating fell to a record low 29 percent.Well if this is a precedential factor that helps determine who the president will be, Democrats should be breathing a sigh of relief.A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll shows President Obama s approval rating is 51 percent, while his disapproval rating is 46 percent. The last time President Obama had the majority of approval from the country (in this poll), was during his second inauguration in January 2013.The numbers, NBC shows, could be beneficial to Hillary Clinton:The president s relative political strength could be a significant boon for Hillary Clinton, whose 2016 candidacy is largely focused on preserving key aspects of his Democratic policy-making.The poll shows that Clinton, despite her own high negative ratings as an individual candidate, could enjoy some other structural advantages as well in the 2016 contestAstoundingly, 54 percent of Independents (remember, President Obama lost Independents in 2012) approve of the job he s doing.That s good news for Democrats, who are relying on a large turnout of Independent voters to counter Donald Trump s right-wing populism.Similarly, Gallup Polling shows the president s approval rating stands at 52 percent, up two points from the previous week. The last time President Obama had an approval rating of 52 percent (according to their polling), was in February 2013.This is good news for Democrats. Clinton, who is well on the way of becoming the nominee, has made continuing the Obama legacy a staple in her campaign. That resounds well with Democrats and apparently should with Independents.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
6196, How John Oliver And A Cat Created An International Incident (VIDEO),"Since John Oliver left the Daily Show to take a spot on HBO, his is one of the few satirical news shows to regularly follow international news. As it turns out, dictators don t generally respond well to satire and Oliver has found himself in a bit of a brush up with the Kremlin-backed ruler of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov   all over a lost cat.In a segment on HBO s Last Week Tonight, Oliver ridiculed the friend of Putin after Kadyrov took to Instagram to ask the world to help find his cat, which he called a  toyger,  which as you might guess, is a cat that has been bred to look like a tiger cub.         .          .      ,            .          -   .      ,    -   ,              ,        ,        .          .  ,      -       .        ,      .  ,              .            ,    -   .      ???????? #  #  #  #  # A photo posted by Ramzan Kadyrov (@kadyrov_95) on May 16, 2016 at 4:29am PDTUnfortunately, without the help of unreliable translation software, we don t know exactly what the post says, but he did ask for help and he did say that  we have begun to seriously worry,  asking people who have seen the cat to get in touch.Now, Kadyrov is not a nice person, despite his apparent love of cats, so Oliver couldn t leave it alone. Not only did he release the video, but Oliver trolled the leader on Twitter.Here s the video:And this: .@RKadyrov Is this your cat? pic.twitter.com/2UacV3km7J  John Oliver (@iamjohnoliver) May 23, 2016Featured image via Twitter. Kadyrov was not happy. Apparently, he follows American social media as carefully as the equally thin-skinned Donald Trump. He once again took to Instagram to mock Oliver, this time in English, although the text reads like he ran it through one of those terrible translation programs.Recently my  tiger cat  has left the house. It happens in spring from time to time. He also needs to meet with friends, mingle and share news. By cat rumors he has in our district a familiar she-cat with which he s going to start a family. I m sure that after spring affairs, the cat will return to native walls. Perhaps, he ll bring his sweet love with him. I got used to share with my friends in Instagram with all news, including cat issues. And this time I didn t want to leave as a secret the cat s adventures. I receive lots of photos. Some people say that they saw the cat in Vladivostok, Japan, Iceland, New Zealand, and even in the Oval Office of the White House! I am grateful to all, but this is NOT my cat. It became known that even the American TV channel  HBO  joined to search. The anchorman comedian   John Oliver asks millions of viewers to look for a cat. I knew long ago that in the USA unevenly breathe to my younger friends. One day horses aren t allowed to jump, the other   a cat is a real star of a show. Oliver laments a fact that we put on t-shirts with a photo of the President of Russia   Vladimir Putin. Yes, millions of people rejoice t-shirts with the image of the national leader. For this purpose, there is a good motivation. Vladimir Vladimirovich is a wise, courageous, resolute Head, who managed to withstand unfriendly campaign, which is conducted by the USA and its assistants. Thanks to Putin, we have crushed terrorists among whom there were also citizens of the USA, and European citizens. The country directed by Obama under the guise of peacekeeping operations spark new wars and bloody internal conflicts, in which die millions of people. Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria  That s why there is nothing surprising that Oliver also got a wish to appear publicly in a T-shirt with an image of Putin, but not Obama. #Kadyrov #Russia #Chechnya #USA #HBO #Oliver #findkadyrovscat #Ihavenotseenyourcat #IHAVESEENYOURCATA photo posted by Ramzan Kadyrov (@kadyrov_95) on May 23, 2016 at 11:41am PDTThis would all be funny, and well, it actually is, but Kadyrov is one of the most notorious human rights abusers in the world and if he has his way, he ll have a lot more influence in the coming months and years. At just 39, the anti-Muslim activist is looking for a position to be made for him in the Kremlin.Critics accuse the leader of kidnapping, torture, torching of homes and other human rights abuses. According to Human Rights Watch, Kadyrov shuts down all critics in Chechnya and now he s trying to shut one down in the United States. Kadyrov is also a strong admirer of Russian strong-man dictator, Vladimir Putin.He said it was no surprise that he liked to wear Putin T-shirts, and that  millions of people rejoice t-shirts with the image of the national leader . This, said Kadyrov, was because Putin is a  wise, courageous, resolute Head, who managed to withstand unfriendly campaign, which is conducted by the USA and its assistants .Source: The GuardianAs for the cat, well, he s apparently okay. He s apparently just a Catanova. By cat rumors he has in our district a familiar she-cat with which he s going to start a family. I m sure that after spring affairs, the cat will return to native walls. Perhaps, he ll bring his sweet love with him,  Kadyrov wrote.For now, though, perhaps Oliver should have his food tested for polonium-210. Kidding. Sort of.",0
6197, Republicans Sabotage Obamacare So They Can Claim It Doesn’t Work,"Did your Obamacare premiums go up this year? Blame Republicans.In their effort to destroy President Obama s signature legislative achievement, Republicans voted to repeal the law a bazillion times since taking over the House. They ve also filed lawsuit after lawsuit hoping that a federal court will see things their way and strike it down.However, both efforts have failed miserably as the Supreme Court has ruled against Republicans in two major cases. Plus President Obama would simply veto any repeal bill should it reach his desk.Republicans desperately want to use Obamacare as a campaign talking point this year. The only problem is that Obamacare is turning out to be a successful healthcare program that is becoming as ingrained in our society as Medicare and Medicaid as more and more Americans sign up and get health insurance.According to the Washington Post, more than 11.3 million Americans have signed up for Obamacare, also known as the Affordable Care Act.Furthermore, CNBC reports that  fewer than 1 in 10 Americans lacked health insurance in 2015, the first time ever in the nation s history that the uninsured rate has fallen so low, and a clear sign of Obamacare s impact. It s a stunning victory for a program that has only been in full effect since 2014. Much of that success is due to the Medicaid expansion part of the law, which means even less people would be uninsured if Republican-controlled states had not refused to expand Medicaid for their own citizens.Obamacare has also created jobs despite Republican doomsday predictions.All of these successes not only makes Obamacare more popular, they make it harder for Republicans to repeal it without suffering major consequences on Election Day.That s why Republicans have devised an underhanded new strategy in their continuing obsession to kill Obamacare.Talking Points Memo reports:In late 2014, Republicans inserted a provision in budget omnibus legislation that tinkered with what s known as the risk corridors program, which buoys insurers who spend more money than they planned for on covering populations that are sicker than anticipated.The provision resurfaced in the political discourse last fall when Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) took it on a victory tour during his presidential campaign, bragging that he stopped a health insurance  bailout.  The legislation did not so much end the program as screw up the mechanism by which money can be carved out to fund it. The risk corridors can now only be funded by transferring profits from insurers whose populations cost them less than expected, and the government can no longer pull from savings elsewhere in the law to make up the difference.Washington and Lee University School of Law health law expert Timothy Jost explained to TPM that while the tweak isn t near enough to destroy the law, it has caused  significant problems,  and is a  major factor contributing to premium increases this year. Basically, Republicans are deliberately making minor tweaks to Obamacare mechanisms so that certain parts of the program become weaker than they were originally. New reports then come out showing that premiums went up. Then Republicans use those new reports to brag about how Obamacare is broken even though they were the ones who broke it in the first place.So if you discover that your healthcare premiums have risen this year, you can blame Republicans for that and you can make sure they never screw with your healthcare again by punishing them at the voting booth this November.Featured image via Flickr",0
6198, The Donald Trump Campaign Is Getting Out The Vote – For Democrats,"Now that Donald Trump has more or less sealed the Republican nomination, Democrats see a very real possibility that he could be president and that is scaring people to death. Thanks to Trump, last minute Democratic voter registrations in California are up   way up.In the first three months of the year, California added 1.5 million new voters through the end of April   double the number of new voters added during the same time period in 2012. And the total number of registered Democrats increased by nearly 100,000 people between the beginning of January and the beginning of April   compared to a gain of just 15,000 registered Republicans, according to an analysis from Political Data Inc., a California-based voting analytics firm. What s interesting is that the upticks have been greatest among Democrats and Latinos on those days where Donald Trump is kind of dominating the conversation,  said Mitchell, a former Democratic consultant who has analyzed California voter registration from day to day and by party affiliation since January.Source: PoliticoOf course, this is bluer than blue California. Trump won t win the Golden State, but the state is heavily Latino, and that could mean a lot for the general election in November. In fact, it reflects a pattern that s been happening throughout the primaries.While Republican turnout is at an all time high, Democrats have been almost as busy:Turnout has nearly been just as intense on the Democratic side, where 11.7 percent of eligible voters have cast their ballots, the highest percentage since 1992 other than the year Barack Obama was first elected president in 2008.Several media outlets have recently reported large swaths of legal Hispanic citizens are registering to vote in swing states across the country with the express purpose of casting their ballots against the unapologetic Trump. The outspoken New York real estate magnate launched his campaign by deriding Mexican immigrants as killers and rapists. We ve seen more people this year that want to become citizens and specifically because they want to vote against Trump,  said Mi Familia Vota executive director Ben Monterroso, whose group is among those leading a nationwide effort aimed at getting more Latinos to the polls.Source: Latin PostThe Latino vote represents more than 1/6 of the entire voting populace. Latinos are also the fastest growing demographic in the country. Even before Trump called all Mexicans  rapists  or blathered on about his  big, beautiful wall,  that he would have Mexico pay for, the Republican Party has been on the losing end of the electoral sea change. The last time a Republican wont the majority of the Latino vote was in 2004, and that was George W. Bush, who spoke Span(gl)ish and said he d prioritize comprehensive immigration reform. Yes, George W. Bush was a disastrous president, but his immigration stance was still much better than Trump s.The reality is, that without the Latino vote (yes, he did win the Latino vote in Nevada, but only the very small Republican Latino vote. The vast majority of Nevada Latinos are Democrats), Trump has a very tough road ahead of him: There is no president that can get the White House without having the Latino vote,  Mr. Monterroso told the Latin Post.  You have key states that without the Latino support, the candidate is not going to win, and if those key states don t vote for the president   they re not going to make it. The data backs him up. By most political scientists  estimates, the eventual Republican nominee needs between 40 and 47 percent of the Latino vote to win in a general election.Still, there is a chance Trump could find an issue that appeals to enough Latinos that he could siphon off a few votes from the Democratic nominee. It s doubtful he ll win the Latino vote anywhere, but he doesn t have to win it. He needs about 40 percent of the Latino vote. Is that possible? Well, Romney received 23 percent in 2012 and he wasn t anywhere near as divisive. If California, and the primary so far, are any indication, things look good for the Democratic nominee, assuming the party isn t too divided.Featured image via David McNew at Getty Images. ",0
6199, BREAKING: DOJ To Seek Death Penalty For Charleston Church Shooter,"Almost a year ago, a deranged white supremacist went into an historic Black church in Charleston, South Carolina and killed nine people, including the pastor who was also a state senator. To make things worse, the gunman, Dylann Roof, sat with the parishioners at their Wednesday night Bible study and worshipped with them after they welcomed him into their midst. Then, he went on a bloody massacre after expressing that racist hatred was the reason for his carrying out the crime.Now, nearly a year later, federal prosecutors are looking to seek the death penalty against Roof for his deadly rampage. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said that her review of Roof s crimes was  rigorous  before she made the decision to attempt to have him executed. Lynch went on to say that  the nature of the alleged crime and the resulting harm compelled this decision. Authorities say that the following factors make the case eligible for the ultimate punishment:The victims  families were informed of the decision to move forward with the death penalty on the federal charges via a conference call. Steve Schmutz, who is the legal representative of three of those families, says of the decision: The families will support this decision. Really, I think the families have mixed emotions about the death penalty. But if it s ever going to be given, this case certainly calls for it. He is right, of course. Prior to going on his killing spree, Roof wrote a long, hate-filled, rambling manifesto that is arguably one of the most hateful documents ever posted on the internet. There s no doubt in anyone s mind as to what he did and why.Now, personally, I am usually 100% against the death penalty. State sanctioned killing is barbaric, and there have been too many botched executions to truly support it here. Murdering a murderer makes us no better than he is, especially if it is done in an inhumane and torturous way. However, if anyone deserves it, it is this piece of shit. This guy literally murdered people due to the color of their skin, and no other reason. Further, he picked the historic Emanuel AME Church so that he could  magnify the societal impact  of his horrific crime. He knew the history of Charleston with regards to the freeing of slaves and the liberation of Black people, and he knew the history of that church.This one is difficult for me. As a liberal, I don t support the death penalty. But, as a Black woman living in South Carolina, I know the level of racism present here. This is one time I really can t say that Loretta Lynch or anyone else is wrong.Rot in hell, Dylann Roof. It s definitely where you belong.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
6200, Young Republicans Chairwoman Resigns Over Trump – Here’s The AMAZING Reason Why (IMAGES),"As Donald Trump looks like he s going to be leading the Republican Party in the general election, many conservatives are either jumping ship entirely, or at least voicing their disapproval in various ways. For Katrina Jorgenson, the communications chairwoman of the Young Republicans National Federation, this meant resigning from her position and writing a lengthy Facebook post about why she would never support The Donald.Jorgenson posted the message on Monday afternoon, stating that because  her principles would not allow  her to get behind Trump s divisive, vulgar rhetoric, she was announcing her resignation. In the post, she shamed those who supported Trump, and made it clear that this was a major step backwards for the future of the GOP. She wrote: Regretfully, I am resigning from my position as Communications Chair with the YRNF. With the practically fulfilled nomination of Donald Trump as our presidential candidate, I can no longer continue to carry out the duties of this position. My principles will not allow it. We have been told for years how we are the future of the party, this is our opportunity to seize that future. But if we have instead decided to uphold a man who does not represent us or our views  I cannot participate in that. Jorgenson didn t hold back   she called the business mogul a  hateful fascist  and called him out on his forever growing list of controversies. Jorgenson also expressed bitterness that Trump s rise had forced Republicans to compromise their beliefs and principles. In doing so, she criticized other conservatives for supporting a candidate that was going to destroy the entire Republican Party, and most likely the country if he gets into the White House. In denouncing the presumptive Republican nominee, Jorgenson stated that there was absolutely no way that she could continue her role in the Young Republicans National Federation and still maintain her dignity, knowing full well that she was going against her values: Many of you may choose to support Trump in order to beat Hillary Clinton, that is your decision. For me, I cannot support a candidate who endorses bigotry and lawlessness, with a minimal understanding of the fiscal policies long associated with our party, even if he does have an  R  after his name. I could not later tell my children I did the right thing, instead I would have to live with allowing my politics to be corrupted. I cannot stand by and continue to write newsletters and posts that so strongly conflict with my personal values. I will not surrender my beliefs.This is not the way forward. I will not quietly fall in line. I will not give up my principles. You can read her entire post here, which immediately received praise from like-minded viewers. Many other #NeverTrumpers were more than happy to back Jorgenson s decision up, telling her that she had done the right thing:FacebookFacebookFacebookFacebookTrump has divided the Republican Party in a major way, and it will likely never be the same again. And now that the GOP has allowed such a divisive fear mongering idiot to lead their party, Trump is threatening to divide and destroy America the same way.Featured image via Katrina Jorgensen Facebook",0
6201, Bigot Christians Make A HILARIOUSLY AWFUL Anti-Trans Music Video To Boycott Target (VIDEO),"Ever since Target decided to stand up to transphobic bigots and allow transgender individuals to use the restrooms that matched their gender identity, the retail chain has come under attack by thousands of anti-gay activists.Protesters have started to visit the stores with no other goal than to shout anti-trans hate speech, and many are threatening to boycott the store. Now, Target has come under fire from another hate group   Faith2Action, a Christian group that describes itself as a  pro-active launching pad for the pro-family movement,  which has recently made a ridiculously pathetic music video called  Don t Target Our Daughters .The music video is a fear mongering piece of work, in which the horrific audio features a singer spewing lyrics such as, No matter how long it s shouted, sin is not a civil right. And calling evil good will never make it right.  The video also shows a Target card being cut up, a little girl being attacked in a bathroom stall, and an invitation for viewers to help Janet Porter (the bigot who made this video) boycott the store in an event scheduled for June 4th.The video is so terrible, it s honestly hard to sit through the entire thing. It wasn t long before Facebook users ripped the video to shreds. One commenter wrote: Any plans to protest our Tea Party legislature in Tennessee for not expanding health insurance to thousands and thousands of children? Surely, child poverty and health is a big issue with you, right? One woman pointed out a fact that has been overlooked by the video s creators, remarking that despite what these bigots would like to have people believe, there have literally been ZERO instances in which a transgender person has assaulted anyone. She said: Your daughters have been sharing the restrooms with transgender women their whole lives. They are in no danger by continuing to do so. A transgender woman, however, will be in danger if they must use the men s room. Another commenter had a genius solution for anyone bothered by transgender people having the freedom to live their lives as they please: I have an earth-shattering idea. Perhaps you all can simply mind your own business and just shop elsewhere? You can watch the video below and see what you think of Faith2Action s desperate ploy to control the rights of others: Featured image is a screenshot",0
6202, Crowd On ‘The View’ Goes Wild When Bernie Calls Trump Exactly What He Is (VIDEO),"While speaking with the ladies from The View via satellite from Anaheim, CA, where he s been campaigning, Bernie Sanders was asked about Donald Trump and how Trump has been  hammering the Clintons.  He was asked if it s fair to go after Hillary Clinton for what her husband  may or may not have done. Bernie immediately said it is not okay, and then goes on to tell the truth about Donald Trump.He flat-out calls Trump a  demagogue  and a  bigot,  which got audible loud cheers from the studio audience in attendance.Bernie also added: He has nothing to say about the important issues facing our country. He also made clear that Trump cannot be President of the United States.When pressed about the fact that some of his supporters have said they would vote for Trump over Hillary if he doesn t get the Democratic nomination, Bernie said not to believe the polls this early on. He seems to know that as the general election draws closer, and if Hillary is to be the nominee, many of his supporters will realize what s at stake and vote for Hillary, because the alternative is not only bad for the nation, but the entire world.Bernie Sanders genuinely wants what s best for the nation, and he knows that a Trump presidency would be catastrophic.Watch the segment here:.@SenSanders on Donald Trump:  He has nothing to say about the important issues facing our country.  https://t.co/bfTR1gdrx3  The View (@TheView) May 24, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6203, This Gay Couple’s Trolling Of A Neo-Nazi Rally Is Nothing Short Of PERFECT (VIDEO),"Racists, homophobes, misogynists and other bigots are out in droves these days   and not just in America. Case in point   a rally held by Neo-Nazis in Madrid, Spain, where the hateful group was protesting immigrants. However, a gay couple there gave these idiots a real run for their money, by choosing to hold an impromptu make out session right in front the moronic haters who chose to refer to them as  faggots,   queers,  and   AIDS patients.  It seems that just the sight of the two men holding hands in public was too much for the Neo-Nazis to bear, so the couple decided to give them even more to complain about.David Fernandez and Gregor Eistert were simply out and about like any other couple, having a good time and minding their own business, but their very existence sparked a firestorm of hate from the group. Their actions were brave beyond belief, as we all know how violent hate group members can be. Fernandez says of the encounter: I was filled with rage when I heard what they said. So, I took Gregor and began to kiss him. It was great. I then remember hearing screams and insults about being gay. Unfortunately, it seems that the local police were more concerned with the delicate sensibilities of hate group members than they were with the safety of these two men, though, because they asked them to stop kissing, which is nothing short of shameful.Still, though, good on David and Gregor. They really stepped up to show these awful people what they think of their hate.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6204, Conservative Heads EXPLODE After Obama Appoints Transgender Woman To Faith-Based Council (SCREENSHOTS),"President Barack Obama made history when he appointed a Christian Air Force veteran to the President s Advisory Council on Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Since conservatives love our troops, this is a move that they widely celebrat oh, wait   they have a problem with it.Satin is quite successful; she served as a member of the United Church of Christ s executive council with great success. In fact, she is the first openly transgender member of the UCC executive council, and was involved in the church s decision to include transgender individuals in the ministry of the church. Of course, her successes are the reason conservatives hate her. The White House notes that:Barbara Satin is the Assistant Faith Work Director for the National LGBTQ Task Force.  She is an active member of the United Church of Christ and served on the denomination s Executive Council as its first openly transgender member.  Ms. Satin recently worked on the development of Spirit on Lake, a LGBTQ senior housing project in Minneapolis.  She served on the Board of Directors for OutFront Minnesota from 2001 to 2008 and has served as Chair of GLBT Generations since 1999.  She has also served on the Board of Directors of PFund Foundation, a regional LGBTQ community foundation advancing social justice in Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin, since 2013. Given the current political climate, I believe it s important that a voice of faith representing the transgender and gender non-conforming community   as well as a person of my years, nearly 82   be present and heard in these vital conversations,  Satin said in a statement after the President selected her for her new position.The mission of the President s Advisory Council on Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, which  brings together leaders and experts in fields related to the work of faith-based and neighborhood organizations in order to make recommendations to the Administration on how to improve the partnerships it forms to serve people in need,  is quite admirable.But conservatives just can t get past that whole  transgender  thing. In the comment section of The Blaze, our frenemies on the Right really let their hatred flow. Some complained that Obama appointed a  dude  (the only time in their lives in which they were angry about a white man being appointed to an important position),                Satin is a good woman who served her country honorably in the military and continues to do so. Conservatives, unfortunately, care nothing for that because she might or might not have a penis.Featured image via screengrab/CBN",0
6205, WATCH: Samantha Bee Skewers Evangelicals For Obsessing Over Abortion,"Full Frontal host Samantha Bee returned on Monday to continue mocking evangelical conservative  Christians  and their sordid history.This time, Bee focused on the  Moral Majority s  obsession with abortion and controlling women s bodies.When the show kicked off, Bee introduced the next part of her examination of the history of the evangelical movement. Last week, we took a look at the religious right   those coveted evangelical voters that conservatives spent decades pandering to only to be dumped just before November prom for a heretical billionaire bully who only says the word  God  when he is ejaculating on a pile of money,  Bee said.Bee then explained how evangelicals were not obsessed with abortion when the Supreme Court ruled 7-2 that a woman s right to choose an abortion is protected by the Constitution in the landmark Roe v. Wade case in 1973 because the decision was supported by the Southern Baptist Convention at the time. It wasn t until later on that conservatives decided to politicize the issue.Bee went on to introduce one of the founders of the  pro-life  movement.Filmmaker Frank Schaeffer not only admitted to helping found the movement, he said he regrets it. One of the things that I did back in the day when I was young was help found, start, begin what became known as the  pro-life movement,  Schaeffer said.  It is the single greatest regret of my life. We made a film series called  Whatever Happened to the Human Race  featuring my dad   Francis Schaeffer   and Dr. C. Everett Coop. Bee then played part of the series, which looks like a horror film. Another clip featured a Schoolhouse Rock vibe but the cartoon was equally horrible.According to Schaeffer: Most evangelical leaders didn t want anything to do with it. They wanted to just preach Jesus. They thought politics was dirty. They didn t want anything to do with it. We had to talk them into it. And so, evangelicals began their hostile takeover of the Republican Party and proceeded to prove their  pro-life  credentials by committing 185 arsons, 42 bombings, 100 acid attacks, 26 attempted murders, and 11 murders against clinics between 1977 and 2015.Bee even noted where Republicans got the idea for their war on women by showing a Little Rascals short featuring Spanky founding the He-Man Woman Haters Club. Spanky then raises his arms and Bee stops the clip and shows an image of Trump raising his arms the same way.Then Bee put on the finishing touches by showing video of one of the thousands of annoying anti-abortion nuts screaming outside of a clinic about how the Bible is against abortion. Fine,  Bee said.  Let s look at everything the Bible says about abortion. Oh, look! There it is in the book of doesn t exist. Here s the video via YouTube.Samantha Bee should continue this series on the history of the religious right because she is doing a fantastic job of shining a light on them.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
6206," Olivia Wilde Knows Just How Racist Trump Supporters Really Are, And She’s EXACTLY Right (TWEET)","If you ve ever been on Twitter then you know that with how great it is to get and receive information and updates as they happen, with the good comes the bad. The very, very bad.One person who has recently encountered some of the bad is actress and activist Olivia Wilde. She s a huge supporter of equal rights for women and minorities, and stands up frequently against police brutality. However, she recently learned a pretty harsh truth about some of her Twitter followers.First, Wilde tweeted out how important it is to stop Donald Trump and make sure more women get into office:WOMEN CAN STOP TRUMP. Watch this VIDEO & join our movement to elect women! @emilyslist @lauradawnANW @sarahsophief https://t.co/b1boVnfOEX  olivia wilde (@oliviawilde) May 23, 2016She also tweeted her reaction when learning one of the officers involved in the death of Freddie Gray was not being held accountable at all:Until the police are held accountable for violent crimes, we have no chance at peace in this country. #FreddieGray  olivia wilde (@oliviawilde) May 23, 2016However, as anyone knows who frequents Twitter just even a little bit, if you tweet out something against Trump or against police brutality against people of color, you re going to get a deluge of racist replies, and probably a good dose of misogyny as well.After receiving several replies that were pretty awful and offensive, Wilde then tweeted out: You never know how many racists follow you until you post something about police brutality. Or Trump. You never know how many racists follow you until you post something about police brutality. Or Trump.  olivia wilde (@oliviawilde) May 23, 2016And while not all Trump supporters are racist, if you re racist, you re probably supporting Trump. That s a pretty safe bet. And Wilde unfortunately learned the truth of that the hard way. Good on her, though, for telling it like it is!Featured Photo by Donald Bowers/Getty Images for RYOT   Twitter",0
6207, Trump Backs Conspiracy Theory That Says Hillary Clinton Murdered Vince Foster,"The general election hasn t even truly begun and already Donald Trump has reached a level of mudslinging previous candidates would have been horrified by. Having already dealt an astoundingly underhanded blow to former opponent Ted Cruz by suggesting Cruz s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination, Trump has turned his gold-plated bullshit spewer in the direction of the Clintons.On May 23, Trump gave weight to the conservative conspiracy theory surrounding the death of former White House aide Vince Foster. To the surprise of nobody, Trump put a lot of stock in the idea that Bill and Hillary Clinton murdered White House counsel Foster in 1993 as part of a cover up. The Washington Post, apparently having quite literally having nothing better to do, dutifully reported Trump s comments as if they were genuine criticisms and not, as one might hope, the ravings of a lunatic.He called theories of possible foul play  very serious  and the circumstances of Foster s death  very fishy. He had intimate knowledge of what was going on,  Trump said, speaking of Foster s relationship with the Clintons at the time.  He knew everything that was going on and then all of a sudden he committed suicide. The title of the piece could have been  Trump full of shit , instead it was  Trump escalates attacks on Bill Clinton.  Because when it comes to a theory wrenched from the lowest dregs of the right-wing internet, we gotta hear both sides.Hilariously, seconds after bringing up Foster s death and describing it as  very fishy  Trump claimed he wasn t going to weigh in on what he just weighed in on.  I don t bring up [the Foster case],  he lied,  because I don t know enough to really discuss it  I don t do that because I don t think it s fair. Again, we catch a glimpse of just how nasty Trump s campaign is going to be towards Clinton. He s unable to run on policy (Trump doesn t have any), experience (Trump doesn t have any), or integrity (Trump doesn t have any). He s also unable to point to Obama s presidency due to the inconvenience of it being extremely popular. Instead, cheap shots, conspiracies, and outrageous lies are the only weapons in his arsenal and he clearly plans to use them relentlessly.For what it is worth, there is absolutely no evidence that the Clintons were involved in Vince Foster s death. In a Snopes post titled  The Clinton Body Count  (who said Snopes didn t have a sense of humor?), fact checkers find roughly zero evidence that the Clinton administration killed Foster or anyone else to cover up damning scandals. According to multiple investigations, Foster sadly took his own life following a harassment campaign partly led by right-wing news outlets like the Wall Street Journal and a political scandal.White House deputy counsel Vince Foster committed suicide on the night of 20 July 1993 by shooting himself once in the head, a day after he contacted his doctor about his depression. A note in the form of a draft resignation letter was found in the bottom of his briefcase a week after his death. (Note that this letter was not, as is often claimed, a  suicide note ; it was Foster s outline for a letter of resignation.) Foster cited negative Wall Street Journal editorials about him, as well as the much-criticized role of the counsel s office in the controversial firing of seven White House travel office workers.Donald Trump, who freely admits that he doesn t know anything about the case, finds that evidence he has heard (from right-wing blogs)  fishy    which makes him either a lying smear merchant or a complete and utter moron. Take your pick.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6208, WATCH: This US Marine Veteran Went To Trump Tower To Warn The World About The ‘Fraud’ Inside (VIDEO),"Alexander McCoy, a veteran of the U.S. Marines, helped led a protest outside Donald Trump s Trump Tower on Monday. The event was organized to shame Trump after recent reports revealed that he lied when he said he had raised $6 million to support veterans earlier in the year.In the video, McCoy explained that the episode shows that Trump  has not shown any honor in his actions or his policies.  He added,  he would make a reckless and dangerous commander-in-chief, and as Americans we would be fundamentally less safe with Donald Trump as president.  McCoy also referred to Trump as a  fraud. The veterans assembled outside the New York City landmark to raise awareness of what Trump has done.Former Marine Alexander McCoy and Army veteran Perry O Brien, who led the demonstration, have repeatedly said that Trump overstated the amount of money he raised at a Jan. 28 fundraiser for veterans causes to inflate his reputation among Republicans. (Of) the $6 million that Donald Trump supposedly raised for veterans charities, a significant portion of that money either never existed or it just vanished,  O Brien, 34, who served in Afghanistan for over three years, told the Daily News as his fellow veterans and their supporters touted signs reading  Vets Vs Hate. Trump put on the so-called fundraiser on the night he chose to skip out on the Republican primary debate because he was afraid of tough questioning from Fox News moderator Megyn Kelly. Trump initially claimed the event had raised $6 million, and spent the next few days praising himself for the accomplishment, as part of the publicity drive for his campaign during the primaries.Subsequent reports showed that the money raised was about half that amount, according to the Daily News. Some veterans groups told the paper that they haven t received any of the money Trump promised in his first, extravagant claims.Featured image via YouTube",0
6209, Insider: This GOP Plan To Steal The Election Had Them So ‘Giddy’ They Were ‘Frothing At The Mouth’ (VIDEO),"Republicans plan to use laws about voter ID to win this fall s elections, since they know that in many states if all the voters who show up to vote are allowed to do so, their party will lose yet another presidential election   its third in a row.They are very excited at the effect those laws could have if left unchecked, according to an insider who is now speaking up.Last week, during the federal trial on Wisconsin s voter-ID law, a former Republican staffer testified that GOP senators were  giddy  about the idea that the state s 2011 voter-ID law might keep Democrats, particularly minorities in Milwaukee, from voting and help them win at the polls.  They were politically frothing at the mouth,  said the aide, Todd Allbaugh.Studies show that voter ID laws suppress minority votes, key to Democratic victory.A recent voter-ID study by political scientists at the University of California at San Diego analyzed turnout in elections between 2008 and 2012 and found  substantial drops in turnout for minorities under strict voter ID laws. These results suggest that by instituting strict photo ID laws, states could minimize the influence of voters on the left and could dramatically alter the political leaning of the electorate,  the study concluded.Watch this video of people getting assistance, trying to register to vote under the GOP s new harsh voter ID rules:Despite Republican claims otherwise, getting these IDs often requires documents   like birth certificates   that poorer minorities have trouble accessing.In one instance documented by the Washington Post, a man whose mother changed his name in 1964 has to present the original 52-year-old document changing his name before the state of Texas will issue him a voter ID card, which he needs to be able to vote.Seventeen states will have new voting restrictions in place for this fall s election for the first time. Many of the laws were passed by Republican-held state legislatures in 2009, right after Obama s historic victory in 2008.They apparently were afraid that if the voters were allowed to have their say, Republicans might not ever be contenders, so they rigged the system.Featured image via screen capture",0
6210, Trump’s Most Disgusting Betrayal Of America (So Far) Is About To Be Exposed,"Donald Trump s mortgage company was part of the carnival of greed that preyed on the American people by providing subprime mortgages to unqualified borrowers, a practice which led to the financial collapse in 2008 and the Great Recession that followed.Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign is planning a major push to bring up Trump and his role in the business that led to billions in bailout costs for the American taxpayer.About a dozen surrogates and local elected officials in Ohio, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Florida, New Hampshire, Iowa, Colorado, Nevada and elsewhere will host calls, events and release statements focused on Trump s response to the housing crisis that precipitated the economic recession.Trump wasn t just on the outside of the scheme. His company was right in the middle of it.Clinton s allies plan to highlight that Trump Mortgage approved subprime mortgages to unqualified borrowers. The mortgages were one of the key financial instruments linked to the crash.Trump even handed out advice on how to profit from a crash like the one that would eventually occur and consume millions of jobs in America and around the world. In his book, How to Build a Fortune, Trump said,  If there is a bubble burst, as they call it, you know you can make a lot of money. Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio), who will be part of the Clinton push, released a statement highlighting Trump and his role in the collapse: You don t make America great by rooting for its economy to fail. While Hillary Clinton was proposing measures to ease the effects of the housing bubble on American homeowners before the crisis, Donald Trump was cheering on the market s collapse and reportedly peddling sub-prime loans so he could try to get even richer. Once again showing that Trump s so-called business sense is more big talk and bravado than anything resembling actual insight, Trump launched a mortgage business in 2005, even as warning signs began to emerge that the mortgage industry was about to soon face trouble.Featured image via screen capture",0
6211," Supreme Court Gives A Big ‘F You’ To GOP, Rejects Racist Gerrymandering","The Supreme Court did something amazing on Monday. They decided, with a unanimous conscience, that the principle of  one person one vote  was the way to go in a Democratic Republic like the United States.Still reeling from the disastrous decision that struck down the Voting Rights Act in 2013, Republicans sought to double down on their assaults on voting rights through racist gerrymandering.Today, the Supreme Court gave Republicans a well-deserved  F-You  when they rejected the GOP s appeal to a lower Virginia court ruling that overturned the redistricted map.Sending the case back to the lower court, the Supreme Court basically said they got it right, and see no reason to consider an appeal, thus giving Democrats (and the people of Virginia) the fairness they deserved and were robbed of in 2012.Two years ago, a federal court struck down Virginia s newly drawn congressional maps because the drawers packed tens of thousands of black voters into an already heavily black, heavily Democratic congressional district. The redrawing, which heavily favored Republicans, allowed the GOP to win 8 out of the state s 11 congressional districts, even though President Obama won the state by three points and the electorate was down ticket.While it won t capture a majority of the 8 seats held by Republicans, the decision will certainly be turning the 4th Congressional District blue. Currently represented by Randy Forbes, the district will go from having a 48 percent Democratic electorate to a rightful 60 percent.With Democrats aiming to take back the House and keep the swing state of Virginia blue in November, this decision has come at a very good time.Looks like another gerrymandering, redistricting ploy from the Republicans to steal the elections has gone down in flames. Last year, the Supreme Court smacked down Republicans in Arizona when they tried to pull the same shenanigans. With Arizona s booming Hispanic and Latino populations, GOP control is on the verge of collapsing.Republicans want to hold onto absolute power, and they are seeing it slip away from them. So they try to cheat to win. And sometimes the Supreme Court does he right thing and blocks them from doing just that.Since it wasn t picked up, that means at least 5 Justices (out of eight) or more said no. If Scalia was still alive, I wonder if the case would have been picked up. And had it been picked up, how would the Court have decided it?Maybe Republicans shouldn t be so quick to turn down a moderate Merrick Garland confirmation. Not that he outcome would have been any different in their favor.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6212, Trump’s New ‘Christian Policy’ Advisor ACTUALLY Thinks He Can Control The Weather (VIDEO),"Move over, Storm-From-X-Men! In addition to having gigantic hands (the most giganticestest in the world, no less!), a huge dong (you can see it from space), and a daughter he totally doesn t want to sleep with (or does he?), Donald Trump has managed to pick up a new ally: an old white dude who can control the weather!In his effort to pander to evangelicals, Trump has enlisted the aid of Frank Amedia, a televangelist who blames AIDS on  unnatural sex  who entered into a conspiracy to fix a court case for a friend in 2001. He s also able to control the weather through the power of Jesus, or something.Amedia, who now serves as the billionaire s liaison for Christian policy,  claims that he personally saved his daughter from disaster when an earthquake off the coast of Japan sent a tsunami to a Hawaiian island on which his precious little snowflake was staying. Thanks to the power of prayer and an ego large enough to think that an omnipotent being would even notice him, let alone do him a solid, Trump s  God guy  says he was able to talk his BFF into stopping the tsunami just off the shore of the island. I stood at the edge of my bed and I said,  In the name of Jesus, I declare that tsunami to stop now,  he says in a video in which he tells the tale of that time he and God went all  X-Men  on that storm.  And I specifically said,  I declare those waters to recede,  and I said,  Father, that is my child, I am your child, I m coming to you now and asking you to preserve her.  Apostle, it was seen by 400 people on a cliff. It was on YouTube, it was actually on the news that that tsunami stopped 200 feet off of shore. Even after having sucked the waters in, it churned and it went on and did devastation in the next island. Interestingly, he seems entirely unconcerned with the people who live on the next island over. Maybe there are limits to God s power and these  Christians  know better than to ask him to do more than save their own skins.Last December, a Texas woman also exhibited this strange weather control power. Sabrina Lowe of Rowlett says she saved her family s lives when she asked God to redirect a tornado to a neighboring town. Apparently, God listened. Lowe s family was spared, but the tornado went on to kill an additional eight people. While little is known about these rare superhuman powers, it seems that weather control thus far has a rather limited scope. Further study is needed.Watch Amedia talk about his weather control capabilities below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6213, Trump’s New Pathetic Anti-Hillary Ad Frames Bill Clinton As A Rapist (VIDEO),"If there s anyone who shouldn t be pointing fingers at other men for the mistreatment of women, it s probably Donald Trump. Yet today, Trump completely ignored his grotesque track record with women, as well as his own rape allegations for the sake of a childish attack on his rival, Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton.In the complete absence of self-awareness, Trump posted an attack ad on Hillary today via Instagram, bringing to light past allegations of sexual assault against her husband, former president Bill Clinton. This isn t the first time Trump has attacked the Clintons this way, and they ve done a decent job defending themselves. But this time, Trump has taken things a step further by actually using recordings of the victims accusing Bill. As the ad comes to a close, Hillary is heard laughing while ominous music plays in the background.You can watch the attack ad below:Is Hillary really protecting women?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 23, 2016 at 8:27am PDTAs Hillary has positioned herself as being a champion for women (as she was long before her presidential campaign began), Trump feels that his best shot at turning female voters away from the former Secretary of State is to highlight her husband s problematic sexual past.The interesting thing about this is that Trump himself has seemingly forgotten that he has also been accused of rape. In trying to smear the Clintons with this nasty ad, Trump has ironically and unintentionally made a case against himself. In the 1990s, Trump s first wife Ivana had accused the business mogul of brutally raping her while they were still married. Here s what Ivana said, which appeared in the Trump biography Lost Tycoon:Ivanka Trump statementAnd Trump s misogynistic attitudes toward women don t stop there. He s been accused of groping women, being super creepy when it comes to sexualizing his own daughter, has attacked numerous female celebrities, personalities and politicians   including Fox News  Megyn Kelly and Senator Elizabeth Warren, and said that women should be punished for seeking abortions. Not to mention, there is a never-ending list of every misogynistic, sexist thing Trump has said or done to women. So while Trump is trying to soil the Clintons  name, all he s really done is just put a spotlight on himself. There s a reason why almost 75% of American women don t like The Donald, but he seems to live in denial.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6214, Don’t Buy The Media Hype: Democrats Are More United Now Than In 2008,"The Democratic Party has descended into madness. Democratic voters are split. The convention is going to be a disaster. Bernie Sanders may take his supporters and walk away, thus handing Trump the presidency.These are the headlines the mainstream media has been peddling now for months. As the omega primary creeps up (with California and New Jersey up for grabs), it s becoming evident that one candidate will walk away the nominee.This, of course, has incensed members of the opposite candidate   and naturally so. And of course the media has pounced on these feelings, and has ran nonstop coverage in an effort to tear the party apart.No matter how loud the pundits scream, and no matter how blistering the op-eds are, don t buy into the hype. Because there is one truth that the media doesn t want to report on:The Democratic Party is more united now than it was in 2008   and Obama won in a landslide. The one outlet that seems to have the guts to report on it is Vox, not surprisingly.In fact, what the mainstream media doesn t want to remind you is that in May 2008, 15 percent of Democrats overall said they wouldn t vote for Obama. Today, May 2016, only 6 percent of Democrats say they won t support Clinton.When Clinton dropped out in 2008, 40 percent of her supporters said they would not vote for then-candidate Barack Obama. Today, as it becomes increasingly likelier than Clinton will become the nominee, only 25 percent of Sanders supporters claim they will not support her candidacy should she win (a number that is shrinking).As Vox puts it,  Obama needed, in other words, to overcome a hurdle that was twice as big as the one facing Clinton. And they also noted:Last but by no means least, McCain was a broadly popular figure with considerable cross-party appeal. He wound up losing pretty badly in the end due to a very unfavorable economic situation and a campaign that saw him abandoning most of his crossover positions. But as of late May it really wasn t totally crazy to imagine a hawkish, domestically moderate white Democrat feeling that he had a lot in common with McCain, especially if there was a little covert racial bias in the mix.And for Democrats freaking out over Trump overcoming Clinton in a handful of polls, at this time in 2008 and 2012, McCain and Romney respectively overtook President Obama in the polls multiple times.The explanation for that is, presently, the Republican Party is more  united  now than the Democrats, considering they have one candidate while the Democrats have two still running.Bottom line: Democrats are smarter than the media conglomerates think, and they see firsthand the risk of a Trump presidency. They aren t going to blow it.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
6215," Republicans Want A Trump/Gingrich Ticket, Think Six Wives Will Appeal To Women","Apparently, the fact that 70 percent of women view Donald Trump unfavorably is making Republicans think that what he needs is a running mate who also treats women like shit.A top Republican consultant thinks Trump and former disgraced Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich would make the perfect political pair because their six wives combined means they  understand women  better than anyone else. I think Newt is lobbying to be the vice president, and I think their people are paying a lot of attention to him,  Ed Rollins told the National Review on Monday.  It d be a ticket with six former wives, kind of like a Henry VIII thing. They certainly understand women. Wow. Just wow.Republicans are facing an unprecedented opposition from female voters and their solution to fix that is to double down on the whole  let s nominate someone who disrespects women  idea.Donald Trump is on wife number three. And given his history, you can bank on him eventually seeking wife number four when Melania is no longer  a 10  in his eyes.He cheated on his first wife with the woman who became his second wife and was quick to start a relationship with the third Mrs. Trump during the separation.And that relationship history is probably why Trump is so keen to count Gingrich as one of his top allies.Let s not forget that Newt Gingrich also cheated on his first wife with his second wife and callously asked for a divorce while she was recovering from cancer surgery in the hospital. Then he cheated on his second wife with the woman who would become his current wife. In 1993, Gingrich began an affair with House of Representatives staffer Callista Bisek and divorced his second wife after she refused to grant him the open marriage he wanted. Keep in mind, this hypocrisy unfolded as Gingrich and Republicans sought to impeach President Bill Clinton for his affair with Monica Lewinsky.And so, Trump has included Gingrich on his short list of vice-presidential candidates and some Republicans are thrilled because they think their six marriages make them experts when it comes to women and that they ll somehow be able to make women flock to their campaign.Frankly, it s insulting.If Republicans really think this is their best strategy to persuade women to vote for the GOP in November they truly never understood women at all. Just the idea that being like Henry VIII, who had two of his wives executed, would make them somehow more appealing to women demonstrates perfectly just how terribly Republicans have treated women. They literally think emulating a womanizing 16th century English king is the best way to deal with women in the 21st century. If anything can make MORE women hate Trump and the GOP, this is it.Featured Image: Wikimedia ",0
6216, O’Reilly Sues Ex-Wife He Allegedly Assaulted For $10 Million – For ‘Cheating’ After She Left Him,"Bill O Reilly is a real piece of work. On his show, he often passes judgment on those he believes aren t upholding what he considers  family values , while when not in front of a Fox News camera, his home life disintegrates around him.Recently, the host, who once accused Beyonce of singing  gangsta rap  that encouraged young girls to get pregnant, suffered a civil court deathblow when a panel of judges granted his ex-wife Maureen McPhilmy sole custody of the pair s two children   based partly on some of the disturbing statements from the children themselves. O Reilly s daughter once told investigators that fights between her parents could reach the point of violence thanks to O Reilly s legendary temper.[A] court-appointed forensic examiner testified at a closed hearing that O Reilly s daughter claimed to have witnessed her father dragging McPhilmy down a staircase by her neck, apparently unaware that the daughter was watching. The precise date of the alleged incident is unclear, but appears to have occurred before the couple separated in 2010. The same source indicated that the daughter, who is 16 years old, told the forensic examiner about the incident within the past year.O Reilly ongoing ugly separation with his former wife took another twist this week when O Reilly s lawyers announced that they would be pursuing a lawsuit against McPhilmy. Her  crime  was that she went on to have another relationship after she left O Reilly (but prior to their legal divorce). Or as O Reilly calls that: Fraud.Gawker notes:According to court documents filed late last month, however, O Reilly intends to sue McPhilmy for $10 million on charges of misleading him about the terms of their separation agreement. In the same papers, the Fox News host accuses McPhilmy of using the proceeds of their separation to underwrite an affair with another man. And he wants the entire lawsuit to proceed in secret.O Reilly claims that his separation agreement, which included financial compensation to McPhilmy should be invalid because she was in a relationship with another man. It s not entirely clear  why.  One theory is that this is really about control. O Reilly doesn t like the idea that his ex-wife gets to live her life out from under his thumb  especially if she got to keep some of his money in the divorce.That would fall in line with O Reilly s deeply troubling actions in the wake of his marriage woes. When he suspected his wife of having an affair in the first place, he used his political and financial power to try to persuade his local police department to harass the suspected interloper (who was a police detective on Long Island). The police department appears to have done O Reilly s bidding, ordering a bewildered internal affairs officer to mess with the detective in order to get him to stop dating O Reilly estranged wife. The police ordered [Internal Affairs detective] Harasym to meet with two private detectives working on behalf of Bill O Reilly. They had information about an NCPD officer they believed to be carrying on with O Reilly s wife. Delargy told Harasym to launch an investigation into the man and to tell him to end the relationship.Instead O Reilly lost his wife, his kids, and any claim he ever had to get to be sanctimonious in front of a camera. With nothing left to lose, O Reilly appears to want vengeance instead. It s hard to imagine a court will side with him, but it does present O Reilly the opportunity to once again make his ex-wife s life miserable. It may not be family values, but it s certainly O Reilly s values.Featured image via The Blaze",0
6217," Elizabeth Warren HILARIOUSLY Continues Battle With Trump, ROASTS Reputation With Women (VIDEO)","If you haven t heard about the ongoing battle between Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren then you re clearly living under a rock, or possibly a newborn baby. They ve been going back and forth on Twitter, in speeches, and every time he tries to call her  goofy  or  Pocahontas  (because he s apparently five years old) she smacks him down harder and harder.During her commencement address at Suffolk University this past weekend, Warren went after him yet again.Taking a brilliant dig, because let s face it, she s brilliant, Warren said: How s this speech polling so far? Higher or lower than Donald Trump s unfavorable numbers with women? If you weren t aware, Trump isn t doing so well with women, polling at 70% unfavorable. But can we be all that surprised? He s very misogynistic, constantly calling women names, and him going after Warren and then Hillary Clinton for actually being a woman, is just another example of that.Something tells me Warren isn t about to let up any time soon. Trump can try his name-calling games, but when it comes to strong women who have had to fight twice as hard to get half as much recognition their whole lives, he s in for a big surprise. Those games may work on weak Republican men, but just you wait. Just. You. Wait.Watch her whole speech here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6218, The Shocking Detail Trump Doesn’t Want You To Know About HIS MOTHER (VIDEO),"A rather interesting detail has emerged about Donald Trump s mother that is threatening to derail part of Trump s campaign that he s heavily relied on to win over America s most racist voters.According to a recent report released by The National, Trump s mother, Mary Anne Macleod, was actually a poor Scottish immigrant that came to the United States to make a better life for herself   a realization that stands in stark contrast to the story the business mogul has been telling.It shouldn t come as a shock that The Donald would hide the fact that his mother came to America with nothing but $50 in her purse. Why wouldn t he want people to know that his mother came to the country dirt poor and became a multi-millionaire philanthropist, other than the fact that he has slammed immigrants all throughout his presidential campaign? After all, his website says this: The influx of foreign workers holds down salaries, keeps unemployment high, and makes it difficult for poor and working-class Americans   including immigrants themselves and their children   to earn a middle-class wage. Nearly half of all immigrants and their US-born children currently live in or near poverty, including more than 60 per cent of Hispanic immigrants.Every year, we voluntarily admit another two million new immigrants, guest workers, refugees, and dependents, growing our existing all-time historic record population of 42 million immigrants.We need to control the admission of new low-earning workers in order to: help wages grow, get teenagers back to work, aid minorities  rise into the middle class, help schools and communities falling behind, and to ensure our immigrant members of the national family become part of the American dream. The  low-earning worker  that Trump is trashing on his website is the very person his mother was when she left Scotland to come to America in 1930. Despite that he has his mother to thank for the opportunities he was given, Trump can still find it in himself to say foolish, hateful things like, We re building a wall. It s going to be a wall that is not   nobody s going through my wall. Trump builds walls. I build walls. The report by The National isn t the first time the fact that Trump is the son of an immigrant has threatened to ruin his hateful anti-immigrant rhetoric. Earlier this year, Trump s former GOP rival Ted Cruz called Trump out during a childish  birther  fight. Cruz said: The legal issue is quite straightforward, but I would note that the birther theories that Donald has been relying on, some of the more extreme ones insist that you must not only be born on U.S. soil, but have two parents born on U.S. soil. Under that theory, not only would I be disqualified, Marco Rubio would be disqualified, Bobby Jindal would be disqualified, and interestingly enough, Donald J. Trump would be disqualified because Donald s mother was born in Scotland, You can watch that moment below:But before Cruz, Real Time s Bill Baher did an even more amazing job at highlighting the hypocrisy in Trump s immigration stance   and it goes much deeper than his own mother. Laying into the presumptive Republican nominee, Maher pointed out that two out of three of Trump s wives have been immigrants. Maher said: Nobody brings this up about Donald Trump, who is always on about,  We can t have foreigners coming into this country!  His first wife is from Czechoslovakia. His current wife is from Slovenia. So, if you think crawling under a wall is the most disgusting way to become an American, somewhere there is a Panamanian woman hiding in a truck full of chickens with ten pounds of heroin-filled condoms in her stomach who s thinking,  Well, at least I didn t have to blow Donald Trump. Featured image via Tom Lynn / Getty Images",0
6219," Planned Parenthood Evacuated In Florida, 7 Hospitalized After Unknown Substance Found In Clinic (VIDEO)","Planned Parenthood clinics have long been targets for right-wing  Christian  extremism and it looks like they may have struck again, this time in Florida.Sarasota Fire and Rescue responded to a call at the city s Planned Parenthood office Monday morning. Two Hazmat crews   one from Sarasota, the other from neighboring Manatee County   were called to the scene to investigate an unknown substance in the building. According to a spokesperson, 38 people were inside of the downtown clinic, seven of whom were taken to the hospital after experiencing shortness of breath. In addition to the evacuation of the clinic, a nearby school, the Sarasota School of Arts and Sciences, was put on lockdown.Image via video screenshotPlanned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida issued the following statement:At Planned Parenthood our top priority is the safety of our patients and staff. The situation at our Sarasota Health Center is still developing. All staff have been evacuated, with seven taken to the hospital to monitor their health. No patients were on site. We are grateful to emergency responders and law enforcement for their quick response.Here in Florida and across the country, Planned Parenthood has strong security measures in place, works closely with law enforcement agencies, and has a very strong safety record.We are looking into the cause of this issue and will keep you informed of our progress.At this time, nobody knows what made the people inside of the clinic sick, but with all of the right-wing hate focused on the organization it is easy to automatically assume the worst. Last year, a conservative pro-fetus organization doctored videos and accused Planned Parenthood of  selling baby parts.  Their lies led to the murders of three people at a Colorado Springs PP clinic. Christian terrorist Robert Dear shot and killed the three people and injured nine others. He claimed that he carried out the crimes in response to the doctored videos and claimed he was a  warrior for the babies.  In addition to the shooting, a number of clinics were the targets of arsonists.One thing is certain, in an age when Republican organizations use fear-mongering and lies to keep their base whipped up in a frenzy, nobody is safe. Their rhetoric is dangerous and we have seen the evidence of it too many times   hopefully, this isn t one of those cases.UPDATE: Hazmat is reporting that unknown, uncapped cleaning chemicals were found in a closet, as well as baby food in a stairwell. Featured image via WFLA ",0
6220," John Oliver Offers Harsh Critique Of Dem Primary, Tells Us Who Should Be Winning (VIDEO)","Is the primary process in the United States messed up? To be blunt   absolutely, and Last Week Tonight s John Oliver took Sunday night s show to highlight what makes the process so confusing and unbalanced, and what we can do to help fix it.As far as who should be winning the Democratic primary? This time around, it s the person who is winning the Democratic primary   Hillary Clinton.Offering up a history lesson was The Daily Beast: States used to not have primary races, but that all changed at the 1968 Democratic National Convention, when Hubert Humphrey received the nod despite failing to win a single primary or even be on the ballot prior to the convention. This, of course, resulted in a now-legendary riot at the convention that left CBS newsman Dan Rather roughed up by security guards on the floor. So that leaves us with the primaries and caucuses system one designed to give party leaders more say. So, the system is better, but far from perfect, and still leaves control of who gets the nomination in the hands of too few. As we vote in primaries, if you vote in the primary, you are telling the delegates who you want to represent you, but it is still ultimately in their hands.The Daily Beast also offers this regarding the now infamous superdelegates: For those unaware, superdelegates comprise about 15 percent of the 4,763 total delegates, and these superdelegates elected officials, former party presidents, and party bigwigs  are unpledged, and can vote for whatever delegate they want regardless of who won in their state or district. So, during his show, Oliver offers some pretty damned good analysis that should clear things up for people still upset about how things are turning out.Oliver states: Now for the record, Politifact looked into the charges of rigging in Nevada and found  no clear evidence the state party hijacked the process,  and you can disagree with that, as I m sure Bernie supporters will in the comments  section below this video alongside hurtful remarks about my personal appearance like,  Oh look, it s British Millhouse  But the larger point Politifact made regarding Nevada, that I think everyone can agree with, is that  the arcane party structures don t reflect how most people assume presidential selection works,  and that in itself is a huge problem. Any competition should have clear rules. You don t get to the end of a football game and say,  OK, who found the most eggs? He later added: Sanders supporters might argue that doesn t include all caucus votes, but when The Washington Post estimated the rest, they found that [Hillary] would still lead by 2.9 million votes, and even if you multiply all those estimated caucus votes by 7 to account for lower turnouts, even if you give Bernie a bonus of 10,000 extra votes in every state that s voted so far, and even if you tack on an extra 100,000 votes just for shits and giggles, she s still comfortably ahead. And if you re still really angry at the system, getting mad at the rules after you ve already entered the game isn t going to do you a whole heck of a lot of good. Does it suck? Sure. But it s what you signed up for.Oliver offers a solution that many should take very seriously, but it s going to require people actually staying involved in politics past a favorite candidate running for office. He said: Let s together pick a date early next year to actually write an email to the chair of each party and remind them politely to fix this. I propose February 2nd. Now, that will be easy to remember because it s Groundhog Day, which does seem appropriate because, unless this primary process is fixed, we are all destined to live through the same nightmare scenario over and over again until the end of fucking time. The primary process has been around for several decades now. It isn t new, and to get mad at it now is good, but you need to stay angry beyond the given moment of your candidate losing. Revolutions don t happen overnight. They happen over several years, and to truly enact change requires commitment. Commit to change. Make sure it happens. Push party leaders to put together a better process, and hopefully, over time, it will happen. But complaining about it every four years like it s something new won t do a damn thing.Kudos to you, John Oliver, for perfectly breaking it down.Watch the full segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6221, Demi Lovato Takes A Stand For Trans Rights At #BBMAS And It Is GLORIOUS (TWEET),"Musicians tend to be very left leaning. Unless they re Ted Nugent, usually rock stars stand up for LGBT equality and other civil rights causes. That is just what superstar singer Demi Lovato did Sunday Night at the Billboard Music Awards.Awards are a very important musical event each year, and it s a great place to make a statement.Lovato took the stage to do her performance, and she wore a mesh top with pro-transgender bathroom symbol on it as part of her concert ensemble. She didn t have to say a word; that top showed the thousands of people in that audience and the millions of people at home where she stands on the issue of transgender rights. The It Gets Better project tweeted a photo of Lovato as she sang at the awards show:Kudos to @ddlovato   taking a stand for the #LGBTQ community at the #BBMAs. #genderneutral #itgetsbetter pic.twitter.com/oLZ2uHBlQO  It Gets Better (@ItGetsBetter) May 23, 2016This is an amazing gesture. Some stars don t want to get political, especially when it comes to culture wars, but sometimes it is important to use one s influence to speak out for vulnerable people, and to promote what s right. That is what Demi Lovato and brave stars like her are doing. They are well aware that they may lose fans who disagree with their stance, but they do it anyway because they want to use their public platform for good.Thank you, Demi Lovato! You are a class act.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
6222, String Of Deaths Linked To Human Experimentation By Bone Cement Company,"Prosecutors allege that bone cement manufactured by Norian and its parent company, Synthes, was used to conduct  human experimentation,  resulting in a string of deaths over the past several years.As Fortune reports here, the deaths were the result of spinal injections of a product called Norian XR, described as  a cement that has the unique capacity to turn into bone when injected into the human skeleton. Norian XR was never approved by the FDA for use in the human spine. To the contrary, the FDA required the company to mark the product as  not approved  for such use.Experiments conducted at the University of Washington exposed the dangers of using the bone cement to treat human spine injuries as early as 2002. When tested on pigs, the Norian XR caused severe blood clotting, resulting in the deaths of the animals.Synthes had acquired the California-based Norian Corporation with the intention of altering Norian XR for use in spinal treatments. Nothing was going to stand in the way of company profits.Prosecutors say that the company launched a scheme specifically designed to get around FDA approval.As The Dallas Morning News reports here:CEO Hansjorg Wyss directed a few sites to perform 60 to 80 procedures in spinal surgeries using the Norian bone cement and to publish clinical results. He recruited surgeons to test-market the product on patients, court records show.The patients who were exposed to the experimental treatment were never told that the product was not approved by the FDA.By 2010, a string of deaths had been attributed to the company s human experimentation.Lois Eskind, age 70, was injected with Norian XR while a company salesperson watched. The Dallas Morning News reports,  The product leaked into Eskind s veins and led to the clotting that killed her. The company did not inform the FDA of Eskind s death. They continued to experiment on human beings without their knowledge or consent, causing the deaths of many other people, including Reba Golden and Joan Bryant.In 2010, Synthes and Norian, along with four top executives, were convicted of conducting unauthorized clinical trials on humans. Norian paid a $22.5 million penalty, while Synthes paid $669,800 fine. The executives went to prison.The families of Golden and Bryant recently filed a civil suit against Dr. Jens Chapman, Synthes, Norian, the University of Washington, Harborview Medical Center and Washington state. The first trial is set to begin in June.The crimes committed by these companies are a chilling example of the risks we take in allowing our healthcare system to be controlled by profit-motivated corporations like Synthes.Featured image via Pixabay Public Domain",0
6223, Oregon Won’t Prosecute Baby’s Abuser Because He’s Too Young To Testify,"An anguished Oregon couple took to social media this week in hopes of getting justice for their one-year-old son, Jacob, who was beaten by a babysitter two months ago.Pictures posted to Facebook show scrapes, cuts, a black eye and deep bruises which were left on the baby s face and arms during the vicious assault.Image credit: Joshua Marbury via FacebookWe can t even imagine the amount of trauma he must have experienced, all at the hands of an adult who was supposed to protect and care for him.Image credit: Joshua Marbury via FacebookJacob s parents, Alicia Quinney and Joshua Marbury spoke to Oregon Live on Friday. The first thing I saw was a black eye,  Quinney said.  I thought maybe marker got on his face or something. When he turned over, his whole right side of his face   black and blue. Quinney told Oregon Live that she knew right away that the babysitter had hurt him.She took Jacob to the hospital. Police met her there and opened an investigation into the assault.But prosecutors informed Jacob s parents that no charges will be filed against the person who did this to their son.As Oregon Live reports:Washington County Deputy District Attorney Dustin Staten emailed Quinney a link to a story published by The Oregonian/OregonLive detailing the challenges the law poses for prosecutors. The headline: Even pets are better protected than young kids under Oregon abuse laws, prosecutors say. To convict a suspected child abuser of felony assault or criminal mistreatment, the article explained, prosecutors must prove that the victim suffered a  physical injury  under Oregon law. That means proving the child experienced  substantial pain. The article explains that:Appellate rulings have made that hard to prove if victims can t talk about the extent of their suffering. Prosecutors say children younger than 5 often aren t able to articulate  substantial pain.  The same can be true for older children with developmental disabilities or those who don t want to speak out against their abusers.In essence the law leaves vulnerable young children like Jacob completely unprotected.Quinney took to Facebook to express her outrage over the state s completely irrational and irresponsible law, writing:After TWO months of waiting we only find out that charges are dropped BECAUSE my one year old cannot tell you verbally he was abused and my son did not show he was in pain OR that this person  intentionally  did this. I am SO furious that I m not using profanity HOPING something is done and this goes viral.Quinney goes on to say that Portland authorities have a verbal confession. As Raw Story reports here, they also have multiple statements from medical professionals who showed Quinney how the bruises on her baby were  handprints. Even with all of that, the law still makes it almost impossible to  prove  the case.Animals can t talk, yet animal abuse is prosecuted in the state of Oregon. How is it possible that a helpless infant has fewer protections under the law than an animal?Quinney points out in her post: A dead body cant tell you who killed them. Yet a baby isn t held to the same standard because he can t talk? Well neither can a dead body. THAT S BLASPHEMY. You waited 2 months if not longer to tell us this? Something needs to be done. NOBODY can just hit a child and more to just get away with it because the child cant verbally tell you. There s no doubt that Oregonians need to change these outrageous laws. The law should protect the most vulnerable among us. Instead, in Oregon, the law excludes the most vulnerable from protection. That s not acceptable.Featured image via Joshua Marbury on Facebook",0
6224," Trump Lamborghini Rolls Up To White House, Gives Terrifying Glimpse Of What May Come (VIDEO)","Some of Donald Trump s biggest fans and supporters are working and middle class Americans who often struggle from paycheck to paycheck and are fed up with how our current system operates. That current system being, of course, where all the money is on top, the middle is taxed too much, and regular working people aren t given a fair shake.What these people fail to realize is that the person they want as Commander-in-Chief is merely pandering to that anger and using it for his own selfish goals of achieving the highest office in the land, even though he lacks any of the required experience.In what can only be seen as the best foreshadowing of what a Trump presidency would be like, a Trump-themed Lamborghini was driven up to the White House by a car enthusiast and parked outside. The car, like Trump, screams unattainable opulence. When a man refers to a million dollar loan from his father as a  small loan  you know he has no grasp on reality.According to the man in the video, the car is in town for goldRush Rally, which apparently is an  automotive lifestyle rally. Secret Service did show up to see what was going on. The man from the video said: They just wanted to come take a look at who I was and what s going on, because, especially being in front of the White House with Donald Trump plastered on the front of the car, I can see why they d be questioning what s going on. Ya think?However you look at this, it s probably one of the most obnoxious things you ll see this year, if not you re entire life. Only to be outdone by an actual Trump presidency. Which, by the way, we need to make sure never ever happens.Check out the video here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6225, Hillary Beautifully Slams Trump’s ‘Dangerous’ And Idiotic Gun Policies,"It s no doubt Hillary Clinton has made gun violence a cornerstone in this election. For the first time, the issue of gun violence and mass shootings are at the forefront of national presidential politics.So it should only make sense that the GOP s candidate and the NRA s newest puppet Donald Trump would try to hijack that attention and sweep it under the rug.After the NRA gleefully endorsed the presidential blowhard, Trump promised to eliminate gun free zones (while speaking at a gun free gathering) while slamming Hillary Clinton as  heartless  for wanting to  restrict  people s access to guns.Clinton didn t take to kindly to former (and brushed off the latter). Speaking at a conference organized by the Trayvon Martin Foundation, Clinton said:This is someone running to be president of the United States of America   a country facing a gun violence epidemic   and he s talking about more guns in our schools, he s talking about more hatred and division in our streets. That s no way to keep us safe.The conference, organized by Trayvon Martin s mother Sybrina Fulton, aimed to bring together mothers who lost children to gun violence. Over 200 individuals showed up for the conference, including Fulton and Queen Thompson Brown, whose son was killed in Miami. Queen, not budging to the sensationalized claims of gun grabbing, told reporters that their mission is not to take away guns, but to promote  common sense gun laws. Clinton continued:We have a moral obligation to protect our children no matter what zip code they live in. If you want to imagine what Trump s America will look like, picture more kids at risk of violence and bigotry, picture more anger and fear.Saying she would not be silenced or bullied, Clinton pledged to stand up to the gun lobby, specifically the NRA.So the American people are faced with two options: one that cow tows to the NRA (even though he supported a ban on assault weapons) and one that has never waivered in her support of victims of gun violence. We have one candidate that promises gun free zones while preaching in a gun free zone, and another that sits down with mothers and fathers who have lost their children.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
6226," Children’s Minister, Church Pastor Charged In Tennessee Human Trafficking Case (VIDEO)","An undercover operation conducted by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) along with the Knoxville Police Department resulted in 32 arrests on prostitution charges. Two men, one a Baptist children s minister and the other a  creative pastor,  at a nondenominational church, were also charged with felony human trafficking.According to TBI, 46-year-old Jason Kennedy was arrested after he responded to an ad promising sex with an under-age girl. Kennedy showed up at a hotel room where he believed that the young girl would be waiting for him. Instead he was met by police.WBIR reports that Kennedy has been the children s minister at Grace Baptist Church in Karns, TN for two-and-a-half years.Church officials claim that Kennedy never behaved suspiciously around the children he  ministered to. Kennedy s church also issued an oddly worded statement after his arrest. The choice of wording creates serious doubts about whether the church conducted an actual background check before hiring him to work with children.After informing parents and church members that the children s pastor has been arrested for attempting to have sex with a child, the statement continues:The church s background check turned up no issues that indicate any previous problem. In fact, the children s pastor in his application affirmed that he had no issues in his background of a criminal or other nature.This statement implies that the church s background check consists of asking a potential employee to  check the yes box if you re a child predator. The second man charged with human trafficking was 36-year-old  Zubin Parakh of Oak Ridge, TN. Zubin also showed up at the hotel expecting to have sex with a child.According to WBIR:Parakh is connected to Lifehouse Church in Oak Ridge. A church spokesperson said Parakh serves as a volunteer as a  creative pastor. Although Parakh is not officially a pastor at Lifehouse Church, he was working toward becoming one.The thirty other men and women arrested were charged with prostitution-related crimes.According to police, Kennedy and Zubin were the only two people who showed up at the hotel expecting to have sex with someone under the age of 18.Here s more on this story from WPVI: Image credit: video screen capture WPVI via YouTube",0
6227, You Won’t Believe The Insane Anti-Obama Bullsh*t This Idiot ACTUALLY Wrote To His Local Paper,"On Saturday, Illinois newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat. published the unhinged ravings of one of the perpetual haters of sanity regarding President Obama s yet-unfulfilled mass gun-grab. Sure, he s gone seven years without taking guns away from Americans   even the Stupid Part of America   but Steve Kassa Jr. of Edwardsville is certain that any day could be the day, and he wrote to share his mindbogglingly-stupid thoughts with everyone. Obama was up to his lying and deceiving propaganda again trying to drum up support like Hitler installing to take your guns away,  Kassa writes.  He s had his prostitute in the media, Katie Couric, doing gun propaganda all week on satellite.  In fact, he says that the President  even used the Sandy Hook conspiracy  (that s right   he thinks Sandy Hook was fake) to emphasize his point that it s probably not a good idea to allow unhinged people to buy and own guns without some form of safeguard in place. After this last big breaking of the law and getting in America s face with this transgender thing, if you can t see America where this guy is wanting you disarmed, you better watch some of the rise and fall of the third Reich on AHC or the American History Channel,  he continues, segueing into the inevitable ill-informed Hitler comparison: These people have a very evil, demonic agenda and soon as they get the guns, if they can, you will see worse than what happened in Germany in World War II here in the United States. In reality, had Mr. Kassa opened a book at some point in his lifetime (not even a history book, just any book that mentions Hitler s rise to power), he would know that while Hitler seized guns from his enemies, he was actually quite in favor of an armed populace. Politifact notes that, like his party s modern-day American counterparts, Hitler was in favor of open carry, deregulation of firearm regulations, and allowing children to own guns:The Nazis adopted a new gun law in 1938. According to an analysis by Bernard Harcourt, a professor at Columbia University School of Law, it loosened gun ownership rules in several ways.It deregulated the buying and selling of rifles, shotguns and ammunition. It made handguns easier to own by allowing anyone with a hunting license to buy, sell or carry one at any time. (You didn t need to be hunting.) It also extended the permit period from one year to three and gave local officials more discretion in letting people under 18 get a gun.The regulations to implement this law, rather than the law itself, did impose new limits on one group: Jews.Then, things got crazy (yes, then). Kassa decided to bring Agenda 21 into the mix: The rich white elite Democrats wanted the American Indians  ground, so the first thing they did was disarm them, the next thing they did was put them on a reservation (Agenda 21), and then they stole their ground. Go check out Agenda 21 for yourself. Agenda 21 is a fictional New World Order plot to depopulate the earth and control everything that is mindlessly parroted by people who have trouble figuring out how to operate a doorknob. In reality, Mother Jones notes that Agenda 21 isn t actually scary at all, despite the ominous-sounding name:While the name might sound a bit ominous, Agenda 21 is a voluntary action plan that offers suggestions for sustainable ways local, state and national governments can combat poverty and pollution and conserve natural resources in the 21st century. (That s where the  21  comes from. Get it?) 178 governments including the U.S. led by then-President George H.W. Bush voted to adopt the program which is, again, not legally binding in any way, at the 1992 U.N. Conference on Environment and Development in Rio de Janeiro. These people are very evil and you bet they want the guns so bad they can t stand it, as it s not for your safety, but for theirs,  Kassa concludes.  God bless America and unite as the one world order will have Obama coming after you. Be prepared, stick together. Featured image via Getty Images/Pool (modified)",0
6228, San Diego Padres Deliberately Humiliate Local Gay Men’s Chorus (VIDEO),"California is known as one of the most gay-friendly areas of the country, but they are not without their share of homophobes. This was made abundantly clear on Saturday during a home game being played by the San Diego Padres baseball team. The San Diego Gay Men s Chorus was due to perform the national anthem prior to the game s start, and things went horribly wrong.Perhaps there was already foreshadowing that the Gay Men s Chorus would not be welcome to do their performance, considering the fact that there were calls for them to pay for tickets for the so-called privilege of performing   even if they had no intentions of staying to watch the game. However, if you think that was bad, what happened during the performance itself was infinitely worse. As the chorus took the field to sing the Star Spangled Banner, to their horror, a recording of a woman s voice singing the song was played. Game officials made no move to stop the recording, and made no apology. The Gay Men s Chorus just had to stand on the field until the recording finished, and then they were taken off the field. When they were being led away, there were many homophobic taunts shouted, including one that chanted,  You sing like a girl.The San Diego Gay Men s Chorus released the following statement regarding this disgusting situation:What should have been a night of joy and celebration at Petco Park last night, instead turned into a nightmare raising serious questions about homophobia within the San Diego Padres organization and its relationship with the LGBT community.Before the start of the last night s San Diego Padres game, 100 volunteer singers of the San Diego Gay Men s Chorus took to the field to proudly sing the National Anthem. Instead, in front of the large crowd gathered for the LA Dodgers game, the San Diego Padres played the recorded voice of a woman singing the anthem.No attempt was made to stop the recording and start over. No announcement of apology was made to the singers or their friends and families in the stands. No attempt to correct the situation occurred other than to force the 100 men to stand in the spotlight of center field for the song s duration and then be escorted off the field to the heckles of baseball fans shouting homophobic taunts including  You sing like a girl. This incident followed several days of troubling comments and behavior within the San Diego Padres organization. Three days before the game, San Diego Padres representatives aggressively sought to prevent singers from performing the National Anthem unless they purchased a ticket to the game even if they did not plan to stay for the game which was not part of any previous discussion or written or verbal agreement and would have cost the small, community-based non-profit thousands of dollars. The demand eventually was rescinded on Friday following repeated complaints made by SDGMC and San Diego Pride to San Diego Padres management.With this as background, we call on the San Diego Padres and Major League Baseball to immediately launch a full and transparent investigation into the incident to determine if someone or some people intentionally engaged in anti-gay discrimination or a hate crime by playing a female s voice to represent a group of gay men with the purpose of denigrating and/or ridiculing gay men. The historic significance of such an act is not lost on the LGBT community especially in relation to professional sports and added to the depth of embarrassment experienced by the singers and their families.We also call upon the City of San Diego City Attorney s Office and the City of San Diego Human Relations Commission to independently investigate this incident to determine if members of the San Diego Padres organization engaged in activity in violation of the San Diego Human Rights Ordinance or engaged in any deliberate hate crimes based on sexual orientation.We applaud San Diego Padres President and Chief Executive Office Mike Dee for reaching out to our organization to apologize and to offer to meet with LGBT leaders to discuss the incident. We look forward to this meeting. We believe it is important to work together with the San Diego Padres organization to build bridges within the LGBT community rather than burn them down as happened last night.However, we are very disappointed with the San Diego Padres dismissively brief two sentence statement at 9:37 p.m. on Saturday, May 21, 2016 which did not appropriately address the gravity of the situation nor pay due to the 100 volunteers who took to the field in celebration and were led off in humiliation.Hopefully, Mike Dee gets rid of the people associated with and responsible for what happened at that baseball game. There is simply no excuse for what was done to these singers. This is blatant homophobia, and it was done in an effort to humiliate an organization of gay singers, to let them know in no uncertain terms that even in supposedly liberal California that they would not be accepted.Since fans were deprived of the opportunity to hear it on Saturday, here is a video of the San Diego Gay Men s Chorus singing the national anthem:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6229, Suspicions Mount As New Details On Donald Trump Self-Funding Emerge (IMAGES),"As Addicting Info reported here, Donald Trump is very likely running the biggest campaign scam in American history.While Trump claims to be  self-funding  his campaign, the majority of the candidate s funding comes in the form of loans from Trump owned entities, rather than donations.In reality, Trump s campaign owes Donald Trump tens of millions of dollars. While he claims that the campaign won t be expected to pay the loans back, his most recent campaign filings with the FEC show that this money is still being treated as campaign debt.When Addicting Info first reported on Trump s self-funding scam in April, his campaign owed the candidate $17.5 million. At that time, loans to the campaign from Trump accounted for 70 percent of all contributions received.As NBC reports here, since the campaign s last filing with the FEC the amount owed to Donald Trump has more than doubled, now exceeding $43 million.In spite of Trump s assurances that the loans won t be paid back, this invitation to an upcoming fundraiser, obtained by the Los Angeles Times and published by NBC News here, raises even more suspicion about the loans.Image credit: Los Angeles Times via NBC NewsAccording to the information printed on the invitation, the first $2700 of each donation received during the fundraiser is designated for the Trump campaign to use in the primary election.NBC News verified that the information printed on the invitation is accurate.Since the republican primary election is over, it would seem that the only reason to continue raising money for Trump s primary campaign is to pay off his earlier campaign debts, all of which are owned by the candidate himself.As we reported here, Trump once vowed to be the first presidential candidate to make a profit from his campaign.There is nothing stopping Trump from using future donations to pay himself back for the loans he s made to his own campaign, with interest.The latest FEC filings, along with the details of his fundraising activities, suggest that that s exactly what he s planning to do.Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6230, Portland Public Schools Tell The Koch Brothers To Get Out (VIDEO),"As schools across the nation are fighting science, schools in Portland, Oregon are giving a big middle finger to politically motivated science denial text books and making sure that everything that students read in school says that yes, climate change is real, and yes, it s caused by humans.On Tuesday, the school board passed a unanimous resolution that requires that all text books that mention climate change mention it as fact, not as theory. The books must also say that humans caused it.In testimony to the board, Bill Bigelow, a former Portland teacher, told district officials that  we don t want kids in Portland learning material courtesy of the fossil fuel industry. Bigelow said that material that treats climate change as anything other than fact is published by companies making concessions for fossil fuel companies. He pointed to words such as  might,   may  and  could  in educational materials.Source: Oregon LiveConservatives, naturally, are flipping out, saying that this move is political, when really, it s the other side that s all about politics over science.Portland public schools ban textbooks that cast doubt on climate change https://t.co/PciB5gBemASchool Board playing liberal politics.  Jim Pond (@PondJim) May 22, 2016 Welcome to the public school system, where kids are not allowed to see opposing view points https://t.co/UEOHfj2NPh  A.N.T.S (@A_N_T_S_) May 22, 2016Next: Book burnings by Brownshirts in downtown Portland https://t.co/Ux1XK0eTWW  John Cereghin (@Pilgrimway) May 21, 2016 Not an Onion story: Portland School  educators  ban science books that don t agree w/ man made global warming. https://t.co/tuiDqxB4dV #AGW  Victoria Taft (@VictoriaTaft) May 21, 2016Can t win the argument?Ban opposition:Oregon Local News -Portland school board bans climate change-denying materials https://t.co/pkkz2LoONI  Dillon (@000Dillon000) May 20, 2016Wacko preacher Bryan Fischer went Bizarro World: Flat-earthers on Portland school board ban science. Galileo would be unimpressed. https://t.co/YLrUk9INq1  Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) May 21, 2016Is the Portland school district being political? Not really. There is a scientific consensus and even a voter consensus, that climate change is real and man-made. Beyond that, what is the benefit to making it up? There s no such thing as  Big Green Energy,  except maybe for all the big energy companies that see the writing on the wall and are themselves investing in green energy. In other words, if there s a political conspiracy, there has to be someone who benefits, and the parties who benefit, to make the conspiracy believable, must be more powerful than those on the other side. That s simply not the case with climate change.On the other side of the debate, you find Republican politicians, and you find the big money, led by the Batman villains known as the Koch Brothers.According to Greenpeace, the Koch brothers have spent nearly $80 million in attempting to convince Americans that climate change is a hoax, perhaps perpetrated by Al Gore (really, does that make any sense whatsoever?).Here s more about it:Like all Batman villains, the Koch brothers are smart. They know that the best way to create sympathetic voters is to get them young, and get them young is what they do. While the brothers don t write textbooks, their hands are all over the books that go to schools throughout the country. The textbooks attempt to rewrite history, give students an anti-government bias and yes, teach them that climate change is a hoax. That s the real political agenda, but it all happens behind the scenes, so voters don t notice. That s why a school board meeting might seem a lot more political than two billionaires working quietly in the background, destroying the planet.Featured image via Joe Raedle with Getty Images. ",0
6231, Report: Black Women Have Become The Most Educated Group In The U.S. (VIDEO),"According to The National Center for Education Statistics, black women have recently emerged as the most educated population of people by race and gender in the United States. That makes them a powerful force in the political and business world.The NCES found that: From 1999 2000 to 2009 10, the percentage of degrees earned by females remained between approximately 60 and 62 percent for associate s degrees and between 57 and 58 percent for bachelor s degrees. In contrast, the percentages of both master s and doctor s degrees earned by females increased from 1999 2000 to 2009 10. Within each racial/ethnic group, women earned the majority of degrees at all levels in 2009 10. For example, among U.S. residents, Black females earned 68 percent of associate s degrees, 66 percent of bachelor s degrees, 71 percent of master s degrees, and 65 percent of all doctor s degrees awarded to Black students. The number of degrees that have been awarded to racial minorities in the United States has been on the rise for the past two decades. No, that doesn t mean that racial minorities are trying to take over the U.S. as I am sure many white supremacists would claim. It just means that many of the barriers that prevented black women from getting an education have begun to recede.Many people may have missed the notice due to the overwhelming amount of negative portrayals of black women in the media. According to a report in Essence from 2013, negative depictions of black women occur twice as likely as positive depictions of black women.This news comes with some caveats. Despite being the most educated bloc of people in the United States, black women are still making far less money than their white peers. There is also still only one black woman on the Forbes 500 list. That means that there is still a lot of work to be done to end the racial disparities in the United States.ATTN recently produced a video that gives a great rundown of the situation, you can watch it below.https://www.facebook.com/ATTNVideo/videos/1555955044709451/Featured image from (Photo by Erik S. Lesser/Getty Images)",0
6232," Former Israeli Prime Minister BLASTS Israeli Government, Says Israel Has Become A Fascist State","It appears that the curtain that hides the true nature of Israel is finally beginning to be pulled back. On Friday, former prime minister and defense minister Ehud Barak told reporters that Israel has been  infected by the seeds of fascism.  That may be one of the biggest understatements of the year, though it does show the beginnings of a new internal outcry against Israel s government.Haaretz reports:Responding to the resignation of Defense Minister Moshe Ya alon earlier in the day, Barak said that it  should be a red light for all of us regarding what s going on in the government. Life-sustaining Zionism and the seeds of fascism cannot live together,  Barak told a Channel 10 interviewer.Ya alon s resignation is  the end of a chain that began with the case of the soldier who shot [a wounded Palestinian assailant to death],  Barak said.  Such incidents give us an X-ray image that is opposed to the will of the people. What has happened is a hostile takeover of the Israeli government by dangerous elements. And it s just the beginning. This government needs to be brought down before it brings all of us down,  Barak added.  There are no serious leaders left in the world who believe the Israeli government. That last quote is particularly relevant to the United States, seeing as the U.S. has acted as Israel s vanguard for quite some time now. The Obama administration s relationship with Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has been tense, to say the least. Much of this has to do with Netanyahu s avowed disapproval of President Obama s Iran nuclear deal.However, due to rapid changes in the political ideology of people in the U.S. that may change depending on the administration in power. While a majority of Americans still have a favorable opinion of Israeli, Democrats and Independents  favorability of Israel is plummeting. The Republican Party s positive outlook on Israel remains rock solid, showing support for Israel has become an increasingly partisan issue.Featured image from (Photo by John Moore/Getty Images)",0
6233," Obama’s Former Speechwriter Tweets Top 5 Reasons Not To Vote For Trump, And They’re Perfect","When it comes to Donald Trump, a lot of people have a lot of different opinions. While some seem to think he speaks for them when Trump elicits fear and anger, others see right through his shenanigans and are very well aware of where Trump has come from, what he as done and said, and how much he s only in this race for himself and not the greater good.One of the people who sees right through Trump and his poppycock is former President Obama speechwriter, Jon Favreau. He recently took to Twitter to perfectly summarize Trump and give us five reasons no one should ever vote for Trump, especially if they re a working class American.Here is Favreau s summary of Trump:Trump:1) Profited off of 9/112) Rooted for the housing crash3) Ran a fraudulent university 4) Sued for tax dodging 5) Is a dick  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) May 20, 2016And if you think he s lying, don t worry, he sourced everything as well:Links:1) https://t.co/alx1shhGCi2) https://t.co/nERH9BgIoP3) https://t.co/NsmmfGCbbw4) https://t.co/W1hTwTeoS05) Duh  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) May 20, 2016With the  duh  being, by far, the most accurate. Of course, there are many, many more reasons not to vote for him as well (racism, sexism, etc.), but this was a good jumping off point.The only reason Trump wants to be president is to say he s president. He doesn t care about the nation, and his actions more than prove that point. He only cares about himself and his own ambitions. And for goodness sake, America, realize this sooner rather than later.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6234, Trump Doesn’t Want His Supporters To Know His REAL Stance On Gun-Free Zones,"Donald Trump recently went after the gun nut vote in a hard way when he declared during the National Rifle Association s annual meeting on Friday that he, as president, would get rid of  gun-free zones.  Of course, Trump didn t mention during his pandering that many of the properties that he owns could be described as gun-free zones. He also just backtracked on the issue to a large degree, days after the meeting.An official with the Trump Organization told ABC News that there are  no restrictions on licensed individuals carrying in our hotels or golf clubs. That statement turns out to be completely false. Here is a rundown of properties that ABC News discovered that do, in fact, have restrictions on carrying guns. Mar-a-Lago, Trump s posh Florida club, doesn t allow guns, a hotel staff member told ABC News.Trump National Doral, in Miami, Florida, doesn t allow guns either, a security official told ABC News. The resort would  much rather not  have guns on the property, said a security official with the hotel, who noted that guns are  not to be carried on our property. We ve had guests that have brought them before,  he said, but those guns  had to remain in their safe the whole time in the room. A security worker at Trump National in Jupiter, Florida, said  no  when asked if guns were allowed on premises by citizens who are licensed to carry them. Asked about exceptions for people like off-duty cops, the staff member directed ABC News to a supervisor, who said the hotel had no comment at all on guns at the property.Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach County, Florida, also doesn t allow citizens with concealed carry licenses to bring their guns on the property, a golf-shop worker told ABC News. Now, of course, these policies make sense. Who would want to go to a resort or golf club to relax only to be surrounded by insecure people carrying around firearms? The same could be said for any establishment. Why should the staff or patrons at a restaurant or retail store have to deal with the person who just walked in carrying an assault weapon?So, once again we find a clear disconnect between what Trump says and reality. Maybe Trump just wants to ban all gun free zones except those that are enacted on premises that primarily serve the wealthy? As he has recently stated in another attempt to pander to the  the second amendment is the only amendment that matters  crowd, Trump stated that he thinks that teachers should be able to carry firearms on school premises.Except that, since he Trump, he can t even seem to make up his mind on that matter. On Sunday, Trump was questioned about his stance on letting teachers carry firearms during an interview on Fox & Friends. That s where he stated that: I don t want to have guns in classrooms. Although, in some cases, teachers should have guns in classrooms. That means absolutely nothing and is a far cry from what he was preaching just a few days ago and his pledge he made in January when he said: I will get rid of gun-free zones on schools   you have to   and on military bases. My first day, it gets signed, OK? My first day. There s no more gun-free zones. Trump appears to be willing to spout any NRA talking point in an attempt to pander to anyone willing to be pandered to.  In some cases  does not in any way mean a blanket throwaway policy like he has been describing for most of his campaign. Instead, he now offers this ambivalent stance on a topic that impacts millions of lives.Featured image from (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)",0
6235, 5-Year-Old Girl Kills Herself After ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Dad Leaves Gun On A Table (VIDEO),"Once again, the NRA s favored masturbatory aid is responsible for the death of a child. The terrorist group masquerading as a  gun rights  organization regularly informs us that keeping a gun in the home is probably the safest thing someone can do for his family next to hiring an army of ninja chimpanzees, but the truth is that both can lead to unintended and disastrous consequences   the sort that took the life of 5-year-old Haley Moore on Saturday.Neighbors describe Moore s father, Eric (a retired veteran the NRA would normally use as the poster-ammosexual for gun safety), as being  vigilant  about keeping his guns out of the hands of his child   the sort of thing we can expect the NRA to say about most parents who bravely decide to transform their homes into veritable armories   but reality, unfortunately, reared its ugly head when he decided to take a shower at around 9:45 a.m., leaving a loaded .45 handgun on the table.Next door neighbor Joy Ursin told WVUE that she learned what happened when Haley s terrified older siblings informed her: The oldest kid, she told me because they came over to us when all this happened, she s traumatized, my sister, my sister shot herself. Ursin says she comforted the older children as their father called law enforcement   after he finished his shower, that is. The gun should ve been locked up but at the same time, you should, I think that from an early age, getting children familiar with them and enough to know it s not a toy is the biggest thing,  Labat said telling the news station that it s  definitely sad when something like this happens. Unfortunately, this isn t the solution either. Not only does the simple act of keeping a firearm in the home increase the risk of harm coming to yourself or your family members, but Mother Jones noted in 2013 that  For every time a gun is used in self-defense in the home, there are 7 assaults or murders, 11 suicide attempts, and 4 accidents involving guns in or around a home.  While it is comforting for some to think that a child well-informed about the dangers of guns will not touch them, an ABC experiment in which children were exposed to  hidden  firearms directly after taking a NRA gun safety class ignored the danger and (for the most part) played with the guns they found anyway.Haley died from her injuries in the hospital, another victim of the NRA s jihad against sanity.It is unclear if Eric will be charged with a crime for causing his daughter s death, but we won t be holding our collective breath.Watch a report on the senseless and completely avoidable death below:FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, SocialFeatured image via Facebook",0
6236, Trump Took Federal Money Meant For Small Businesses Affected By 9/11 Attacks,"Trump is a millionaire who clearly doesn t need federal money for his businesses, but he took it anyway, even though it was supposed to go to small businesses that were devastated by the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.When the twin towers fell that day, it did significant damage to many area businesses. Many businesses were wiped out entirely because they were based within the World Trade Center. In the aftermath, people avoided the area and area businesses struggled to survive the economic hit.That why Congress tried to come to their rescue by passing a recovery program earmarking hundreds of millions of dollars meant to help small businesses that were affected by the attacks.However, small businesses that could have been helped were actually shortchanged because wealthy corporations ended up getting awarded millions of dollars despite not being near Ground Zero.Donald Trump s building at 40 Wall Street is one mile away from the World Trade Center, yet Trump was able to claim that the building only had $26 in the bank and that it was a small business in order to receive $150,000 that should have gone to revitalize the real small businesses around the World Trade Center.But 40 Wall Street brings in $8 million in revenues every year, which goes beyond the federal definition of a small business.Even if there had been any damage to 40 Wall Street because of 9/11, Trump could have definitely paid to fix it himself. But he didn t. Instead, he swindled the Empire State Development Corporation out of $150,000 of taxpayer money so that he wouldn t have to reach into his own deep pockets.It makes one wonder just how many times he has taken federal tax dollars throughout his career as a businessman, which makes the fact that he continues to refuse to release his tax returns all the more infuriating.Not only would those documents show us exactly how much money Trump makes every year, it would show us how much he has suckled off the government teat. But he has excused not releasing his taxes because he claims he is being audited, which the IRS says wouldn t prevent anyone from releasing copies of their tax returns. Clearly, Donald Trump has something, or many somethings, to hide that could make Americans hate him even more than they already do.Taking 9/11 funds from small businesses is just the tip of the scummy iceberg.Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
6237, WATCH: Racist Anti-Muslim Protesters Didn’t Expect To See This At Their Rally (VIDEO),"A group of anti-Muslim protesters descended on downtown Houston to protest the completed construction of an Islamic library inside of an already existing Muslim community center. Less than a dozen protesters actually showed up to the protest. The event was organized by a group called  The Heart of Texas.  Apparently, no one associated with the group even bothered to show up the event.The turnout for the counter-protest was huge. More than fifty people showed up to protest the anti-Muslim protesters.The Facebook event for Heart of Texas  protest is loaded with all sorts of fear-mongering: Imagine Texas turning in a muslim [sic] ghetto full of mosques and  Islamic Knowledge  centers,  the group writes.  It s gettin  real. One protester, Ken Reed, wore a shirt that says  White Lives Matter  said that: This is America. We have the right to speak out and protest, and that s what we re doing. We feel that Texas, our great state, and the United States is being threatened by the influx of Islam. While the Muslim population has grown in Texas over the past decade, particularly in Houston, there isn t any good reason to view them as a threat. Muslims account for less than 2% of Houston s total population. That s much higher than the national average, though are still very much a tiny minority in the city. Keep in mind that 94% of terrorist attacks in the United States between 1980 and 2005 have been committed by non-Muslims. We re here to show the Muslim community that there are people of faith based and non-faith based philosophies standing in solidarity against racist bigots trying to intimidate them,  said Ramon Mejia, an organizer of the counter protest said.It s always great to hear that there are people are willing to stand up to bigotry and intolerance. Especially in a place that is known for having an abundance of both of those things.You can watch video footage of the protest and the counter-protest below.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6238, Drinks And Dancing As Things Got VERY Real During Cold Open Of SNL Season Finale (VIDEO),"No matter which candidate you re pulling for to be the Democratic presidential nominee, you re likely to find the cold open from Saturday Night Live s season finale pretty damn hilarious. Of course there will be some who won t see it as funny, and those people need to calm the hell down, because it s comedy and no one is perfect, and SNL just perfectly encapsulated what s happening in the Democratic race, whether you like it or not.Both Kate McKinnon and Larry David reprised their roles as Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and met up at a bar to unwind from what s been a pretty grueling race. The bartender announces that the bar is closing, but Bernie refuses to leave announcing that he ll leave when he s good and ready to leave. It s at this point that Hillary and Bernie have one last drink at the bar   Bernie a drink that that s  refreshing and revolutionary  that  draws huge crowds,  while Hillary had a beer  no one likes, but gets the job done. The pair then rehashes over the campaign and what they might have done differently, and while Bernie admits that he secretly imagines being a millionaire and eating fancy foods, Hillary  admits  that she  really really  wants to be president. Something Bernie is keenly aware of.Hillary then invites Bernie to dance where, of course, she insists on leading, and the two dance off throughout the SNL studio.It s going to be a long summer without the SNL cast going after the candidates from both sides at every turn, but one thing is for certain, the season premiere this fall is bound to be pretty damn epic.Watch the cold open here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6239," WaPo Editorial Goes Full Racist, Wants To ‘Weed Out’ Voters Based On Right-Wing Testing Guidelines","Right-wing ideologues are at it again with voter suppression. When not passing discriminatory voter ID laws and striking down the Voting Rights Act, they are passing off half-assed, offensive journalistic  philosophy  as legitimate commentary.Enter right-wing libertarian columnist David Harsanyi and his op-ed in the Washington Post.Titled  We must weed out ignorant Americans from the electorate,  the article at first glance seems innocent   yes, we all wish people we deemed  stupid  didn t vote. Liberals wish conservatives didn t vote, and conservatives wish liberals didn t vote.However, when reading deeper, one quickly finds out that Harsanyi has an extremely nefarious way to achieve this   forcing voters to pass a civics test if they wish to vote.Saying to voters,  Unfortunately, we can t trust you,  Harsanyi says  Let s give voters a test. The citizenship civics test will do just fine. The reason? The writer thinks the American public is too ignorant to vote:At the same time, let s also remember that checking a box for the candidate whose campaign ads you like best is one of the most overrated obligations of the self-governed. If you have no clue what the hell is going on, you also have a civic duty to avoid subjecting the rest of us to your ignorance.The questions? Simple (if you have the privilege to from an educated background:Admitting that he believes the school system and society fails to teach the public proper civics, Harsanyi says he doesn t care. He s made up his mind. He doesn t seem to know (or maybe he just doesn t care) that his civics test, banking on the fact that people will fail it, would disproportionately affect black and Hispanic voters, Americans who don t speak English, and voters with intellectual or learning disabilities. All these people, regardless of what Harsanyi thinks, are Americans who are all entitled to vote without any discriminatory barriers.But Harsanyi addresses that:Of course, we also must remember the ugly history of poll taxes and other prejudicial methods that Americans used to deny black citizens their equal right to vote. Any effort to improve the quality of the voting public should ensure that all races, creeds, genders and sexual orientations and people of every socioeconomic background are similarly inhibited from voting when ignorant.CAUSE THAT JUST MAKES EVERYTHING BETTER, DOESN T IT!? That was the same thing the racist bigots in the South said when passing their discriminatory Jim Crow laws.This attack on the basic dignities of voters and their absolute right to vote without barriers is disgusting, but we shouldn t put it past a libertarian, or rather faux-libertarian considering actual libertarians are for freedom with no barriers.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6240," LA Republican Proposes Banning Strippers Over 160 Lbs, Age 28 (VIDEO)","A Louisiana state representative introduced legislation that would ban strippers who are over the age of 28 or who weigh more than 160 pounds.According to local news reports Rep. Kenneth Havard, a Republican representing Jackson, introduced the legislation in response to an earlier measure which would prevent strip clubs from hiring women under the age of 21.Havard proposed an amendment to the bill, imposing age and weight restrictions for women working as strippers in the state.Many of the state s male lawmakers responded to Havard s bill with disturbingly sexist actions and comments.Several male lawmakers can be seen on this video tossing around dollar bills, while others can be heard laughing at the proposal.After coming under fire from Rep Nancy Landry, who asked if the amendment was meant to imply that women over a certain age or weight were not fit to dance, Havard replied that he was just trying to make sure they don t hurt each other.When asked if he believed the amendment was offensive, Havard quickly withdrew it.Rep. Julie Stokes took to the floor to slam her male colleagues in the state house, saying: Looking out over this body, I ve never been more repulsed to be part of it. After calling out fellow lawmakers on what she described as a history of disrespectful behavior, Stokes went on to say: You know I suggest that everyone in here look around at their own bodies and their own daughters. Stokes continued: I think we need to put an end to this. I hear derogatory comments about women in this place regularly. I hear and I see women get treated differently than men and I m going to tell you what, you gave me a perfect forum to talk about it right now. It has got to stop. That was utterly disrespectful and disgusting. Havard claims that the proposed amendment was a joke.When asked if he felt that he should apologize for his conduct on the house floor, Havard responded: I don t know if I ll ever apologize for being politically incorrect. It s just not in my nature to do that. Political correctness has, in my opinion, ruined the country. Here s more on this story from News TV: Image via video screen capture",0
6241," Trump Said America ‘Never’ Wins, But Obama Just Took Out A Major Terrorist","On Friday, Donald Trump gave a speech to the NRA after picking up their endorsement ahead of the general election (they don t care if he has a week record on guns, as long as he s a Republican), and in his speech Trump made an insane claim about the country he hopes to lead. Trump proclaimed,  We don t win anymore. We never win. This is, of course, absurd. You can check out the hashtag #WeWinDonald for examples of America winning over the last 240 years (disclosure: I started it).But before the ink on the NRA s endorsement was even dry, along came news of another American victory. This time against the Taliban, who once harbored Osama bin Laden after the 9/11 attacks (his death, another win for America).The Pentagon says it launched an airstrike in Afghanistan Saturday targeting Mullah Akhtar Mansur, the Taliban s overall leader. Though the Pentagon is still assessing the results of the airstrike a U.S. official said Mansur was  likely killed  in the airstrike personally authorized by President Obama. Today, the Department of Defense conducted an airstrike that targeted Taliban leader Mullah Mansur in a remote area of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region,  said Peter Cook, the Pentagon s Press Secretary in a statement released Saturday.The Pentagon press secretary also explained that Mansur has been  actively involved with planning attacks against facilities in Kabul and across Afghanistan, presenting a threat to Afghan civilians and security forces, our personnel, and Coalition partners. President Obama authorized the drone strike that appears to have killed the Taliban leader while en route to Vietnam on Air Force One.You may remember that President Obama s epic correspondent s dinner roast of Donald Trump came at the same time the Bin Laden raid was about to be executed. Perhaps it s time to start panicking if you re in Al Qaeda or the Taliban   or ISIS   when Trump s buffoonery is in the news.Featured image via Flickr",0
6242," Ben Carson Gets Humiliating Trump Campaign Demotion – Claims He Requested it, Fools No One","Ben Carson was (very) briefly the Republican frontrunner for President of the United States   and now he s getting demoted by Donald Trump s campaign for being too big a liability. The campaign which once tweeted a picture of Trump eating a taco bowl with the caption  I love Hispanics  thinks Carson makes them look bad.And sadly, they re probably right.Ben Carson has managed to step on every rake in the yard in his bumbling attempt to help Trump get elected president. He s confided to reporters (on the record) that Trump might make a terrible president, but at least  we re only looking at four years. How bad has Carson been for Trump? Dubbing him the  worst surrogate ever  CBS News  Emily Schultheis pegged Carson early on:A campaign surrogate s job is to travel across the country and go on TV, saying nice things about the candidate and helping boost his or her chances at the presidency.What a campaign surrogate is not, however, supposed to do, is suggest their candidate is a bad person, admit he has a Twitter problem and an issue with  humility,  defend that candidate by suggesting a TV anchor has been charged with a crime, and reassure skeptics that, even if your candidate is a terrible president, it s only for four years.So when Carson made headlines yet again for screwing up   this time naming a list of potential vice presidents Trump was considering including Alaskan campaign death knell Sarah Palin   Carson was removed from the vice presidential planning group. Or as Carson s spin team meekly put it, he asked to be removed because he had many more super important jobs to do.That lie was exposed in less than a week. The real story is that Trump kicked Carson to the curb because Carson had absolutely no idea what he was doing.Three sources close to the Trump campaign said Carson didn t leave on his own. He was pushed.According to sources close to Trump s campaign, Carson was demoted after Trump specifically wanted him to head up the VP selection team. He submitted names that he thought would be valuable picks and inevitably lost his top spot days later. Carson allegedly called Trump afterwards and was angry that the situation played out like this.At this point, it s hard not to feel bad for Carson. Having seen the highs of being a front-runner, Carson got smoked in Iowa thanks to a vicious lie spread by Ted Cruz. Later he would be pulled into a literal closet to hear Ted Cruz tell him  sorry not sorry.  Only to finally give up and throw his lot in with Trump   a man who once called him a pathological liar barely above a child molester. Now that same man is firing him and only because Carson s mouth almost never bothers communicating with his brain before saying things like  He has some major defects, there s no question about it, just like the rest of us. But before we let Carson s sadsack routine tug on our heartstrings, let s remember that this is a man who ran for president on the premise that the Egyptian pyramids were grain silos only to give up and throw his weight behind a man he seems to have nothing but contempt for just to cling a bit longer to the political spotlight. Carson s right about one thing, he does have major defects.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6243, This Attack Ad Accidentally Reveals What’s Really Behind The Bathroom Laws,"If you ve ever wondered why suddenly, now, Christian conservatives are making a huge stink over where people go to the bathroom, grab a match and take a look at this attack ad in Texas.Mail piece says @BriscoeCain is  well known  to those who frequent gay bars in Montrose section of Houston #TxLege pic.twitter.com/fqMH682gWz  Scott Braddock (@scottbraddock) May 20, 2016On its face, it looks like a pretty standard below the belt political attack ad. It might make a candidate an asshole and a bigot to spread unfounded rumors that your opponent is gay, but on the next page is where the real insight into the Republican party is: Irony: Mailer against a Hotze-backed candidate, @BriscoeCain, says he should be kept out of men s bathrooms #TxLege pic.twitter.com/wLOzL3nQRY  Scott Braddock (@scottbraddock) May 20, 2016The transgender bathroom laws that are popping up across the country are not specifically about transgender people. Once the Supreme Court ruled that marriage equality was the law of the land, anti-gay bigots had to take their fight elsewhere. Besides, gay marriage might not be so bad if you don t actually have to see people *gasp* holding hands or *I feel faint* kissing. What s a better way to keep people out of the public than to ban them from using public restrooms?If you think this is a bit of a stretch, think about the bathroom laws themselves. Imagine a very masculine looking man, who happened to have been born with a vagina. Do women, who already see predators around every corner, really want to share a bathroom with him? Should a woman, feminine in every way except for what s between her legs, be forced to use the men s room? Of course not. Anti-LGBT conservatives don t want them to use the bathroom at all, just like Briscoe Cain s opponent doesn t want him in bathrooms.Yes, this is just one person, but this guy (unfortunately, not a Republican) feels that gay people should have their own bathrooms. You know, separate, but equal.Here are a few more charmers:Keep the freaks, perverts, and Fags out of the bathrooms!! https://t.co/owUwDcjhGz  Lisa Smith (@JuliaKi96952130) May 9, 2016 i m not against gender neutral bathrooms, but can we get a faggot only restroom?For all the fags.  Grant (@DieBABIP) April 28, 2016When you #fags have your own bathrooms fully designed I will support the #LGBT community in having them built across the nation> #Deal?  James Perry (@fuzzydeduction) March 25, 2016 Question: Why are fags allowed to use male bathrooms?  Jim Screechie (@WaHeName) October 27, 2014@Holden114 I don t really see why. Gay men can use bathrooms that little boys use. Is there something wrong with that?  Brandt (@UrbanAchievr) May 13, 2016 I remember reading about how people were afraid gay men would rape boys in men s bathrooms. The news media must be covering up those reports  I m fejimanz (@fejimanz) May 9, 2016why are gay men allowed in men bathrooms, they like men, why they in the same bathroom? Now the guys that cut it off, want another bathroom  ASTRONAUT (@astronaut_____1) May 4, 2016 I propose we also put in bathrooms strictly for lesbians and gay men. Idk like if im peeing and a lesbian just walks in idk man  Cat (@pleasecatcallme) April 26, 2016You hate fighting off unwanted advances? Try being a woman.This is why fags should not share bathrooms with us straight guys ? https://t.co/mdV3kliW6v   Mist (@HolyChanteuse) April 19, 2016Apparently, beaches should also be off limits to gay people: @zekestokes said he s gonna lead a boycott against Myrtle Beach Bc of trans bathrooms. Haha. Like we care. Who wants fags at the beach?  Gator Chomper (@Swampnut) May 3, 2016Ironically, Cain is a Tea Party candidate and he s about as anti-gay as his opponent, Rep. Wayne Smith, 72. Cain is married to a woman. I suppose in most people s eyes, that makes it safe for him to pee.Featured image via Briscoe Cain Facebook page. ",0
6244, Donald Trump Makes Another Truly Pathetic Attempt At Making Hispanics Like Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump just can t accept that he has completely demolished any and all chances of winning over the Hispanic vote.Refusing to be discouraged by the fact that he s offended the Hispanic community since day one of his disgraceful presidential campaign and continuously pummeled the minority group throughout the election cycle, the presumptive Republican nominee is trying to reach out to the very community that he said was made up of  rapists  and  drug dealers. Trump gave his  first direct message to Hispanic conservatives  over the phone, while sitting alone on a private plane. It s truly bizarre and uncomfortable to watch, but then again so is everything else The Donald does. During his 2-minute message, which was aired at the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference in California, Trump promised to do away with minority unemployment and stop illegal drug cartels. While Trump rattled off a few more talking points, the business mogul s main message to Hispanics could be summed up in these few sentences: National. Hispanic. Christian. Three great words. We re going to take care of you. We re going to work with you. You re going to be very happy. You re gonna like President Trump. You can watch Trump s awkward message below:The idea of Trump sincerely trying to portray himself as a great candidate for Hispanic voter is, quite frankly, hilarious. As much as Trump loves his polls, he must be absolutely oblivious or in severe denial   it s been widely reported that Trump is still struggling big time to get support from the Hispanic community, and that s probably not going to change anytime soon.Many Hispanic voters have pledged their support to Trump s rival, Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton, with only 23% of them stating that they would vote for Trump in November. In fact, many Hispanics registered for the first time this year for the sole purpose of voting AGAINST Trump. No matter how hard Trump tries to undo the damage he did in the beginning of his campaign, his attempts will likely fall short. The Hispanic community will not forget his offensive, hateful rhetoric, and neither should the rest of us.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
6245," Lesbian Couple Beaten, Arrested For Holding Hands Wins $80,000 Settlement (VIDEO)","In October of 2015, California couple Courtney Wilson and Taylor Guerrero travelled to Honolulu, Hawaii for what was supposed to be an enjoyable vacation getaway. On the second day of the couple s trip, however, their dream vacation turned into a nightmare.As Addicting Info reported here, Guerrero and Wilson stopped at a Foodland grocery store to pick up some snacks.The couple says that they were dancing and having a good time as they shopped. They held hands and at one point Wilson gave her girlfriend of two years a kiss on the cheek. Upon seeing the kiss, off-duty police officer Bobby Harrison told the couple to  stop it,  then yelled at them to  take it somewhere else. The two women tried to brush off the rude remarks and went about their shopping. Harrison continued to follow and harass the couple, threatening to have them thrown out of the store.As Wilson and Guerrero neared the checkout, Harrison approached them again. At this point, Wilson tried to call 911 on the off-duty cop, but Harrison grabbed her arm. Both women were thrown to the ground by the officer. Wilson was punched in the face by Harrison. The officer then directed Foodland employees to hold the two women down until their hands could be zip tied.Harrison arrested the couple, charging them with felony assault on a police officer. The charges were dropped five months later. During the five months that it took the courts to process the case, Wilson and Guerrero were forced to remain in Honolulu. We spent the money we came with on bail,  Wilson said during a recent press conference. As a result, the couple was forced to sleep in a park.Watch Wilson and Guerrero describe the harassment and assault in the video below, courtesy of NBC News on YouTube.On Friday, the women were awarded an $80,000 settlement in the case. The City Council is expected to approve the award when it meets in mid-July. The couple also received a $10,000 settlement from Foodland.According to NBC News Officer Harrison  retired  from the police force last year.Featured image via video screen capture NBC News",0
6246, Twitter Rips The Huffington Post To Shreds Over This Photo Of Their Staff (TWEETS),"Liz Heron, executive editor at The Huffington Post, tweeted out a photo from their editorial meeting on May 20, and it has Twitter in an absolute uproar. Can you see why?Notice anything about this @HuffingtonPost editors meeting? ?????? pic.twitter.com/7sg4SyraPa  Liz Heron (@lheron) May 20, 2016The emoji she s got on there clearly show that she s touting  girl power  with this photo, but there is, in fact, a major problem with it that brought Twitter s wrath down upon her, and The Huffington Post itself. It s diversity, or a lack thereof. Where s the racial diversity?The editorial staff is primarily white, like most executive staffs at most companies, and Twitter was kind enough to point that out, along with a couple of other problems: An Ed table full of white women, and @HuffingtonPost s 2016 readership is in the toilet. Shocker https://t.co/mJ830qbtmG  Joe Knight (@MoneyJKnight) May 22, 2016.@lheron   it seems that the @HuffingtonPost has a few kinks left in the cloning process?  MennoKnight (@Menn0knight) May 22, 2016 .@lheron @HuffingtonPost I m a suburban Harvard-educated white guy named White and that room makes me look like Shaft  Popehat (@Popehat) May 21, 2016Even Adam Baldwin weighed in on the diversity problem: @seanmdav @lheron @jtLOL pic.twitter.com/p4dAX9gz5u  Adam Baldwin (@AdamBaldwin) May 21, 2016@bunkerwsmith @Cernovich @lheron @Soylentopia @HuffingtonPost found the token asian minorities pic.twitter.com/o16XQ9HiuX  peppercats (@_peppercats) May 22, 2016 @lheron @HuffingtonPost White Power! Soz I meant girl power! pic.twitter.com/F8uuriczSq  O.E.P. (@PyramidPorts) May 22, 2016@lheron @HuffingtonPost The fact that you don t notice what apparently half of the people in the world do says a lot about your POV.  All Bass, No Treble (@tiffmc1013) May 22, 2016This next one is needling HuffPo over the fact that it loves painting itself as the liberal answer to conservative media. However, it behaves like a typical, profit-mongering corporation that would support conservative business policies to enhance its bottom line, and engages in questionable practices to that same end, like having thousands of writers work for free.@lheron@HuffingtonPost What I notice is that nobody there is more than 3 years out of college. Ignorant, but cheap as dirt to hire.  Robert Tracinski (@Tracinski) May 20, 2016In going through these tweets, one will see some predictably sexist tweets about how it s just as sexist for a company to have an entirely female leadership staff as it is for them to have an entirely male leadership staff. That s male privilege talking, though   we still live in a man s world here. Women have it much harder in the workplace, including climbing that vaunted corporate ladder, than men do.An all-female editorial team in a man s world is great. However, for a supposedly liberal outlet, whatever attempts they re making at racial diversity suck. We have to wonder whether their HR department screens out resumes of people with  black  sounding names like many other HR departments do. We also have to wonder whether they consider black people to automatically be less qualified, like many other companies seem to.Perhaps they re afraid they ll lose readers if their readers know they have black people on their editorial staff.Yes, companies should absolutely put the people they believe to be the best qualified in open positions. Oftentimes, however, black candidates are judged more harshly than other candidates, especially white candidates, due to racial biases in a variety of areas. HuffPo, this is extremely disappointing.Image via screen capture from embedded tweet by Liz Heron",0
6247, Bernie Sanders Just Dropped A Bomb On Debbie Wasserman-Schultz That Could End Her Career,"Debbie Wasserman-Schultz hasn t exactly been kind to the Bernie Sanders campaign. As Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, Wasserman-Schultz has a duty to see that the party s primaries are fair and just and that the candidates are treated equally. The Sanders campaign has long complained that they have been treated anything but.Many of the rules the Sanders campaign doesn t like aren t new and certainly shouldn t have come as a shock, such as the use of superdelegates and closed primaries in states like New York, but there have been other things the campaign harped on that were met with a brick wall, such as the debate issue. It was almost as if the DNC didn t want anyone to watch they were scheduled so poorly. At a time when people were tuning in to watch the Republicans tear beach other to pieces in primetime, the Democrats looked like they were almost hiding their candidates, scheduling debates on Saturday nights during college and pro football s playoff season.The campaign has little recourse, as they are bound by the rules of the DNC, but Sanders on a personal level has dropped the bomb that he is supporting Wasserman-Schultz s opponent, Tim Canova, in his primary run against her in Florida s 23rd congressional district. Canova, a Sanders supporter, is a much closer fit to the senator s platform than Wasserman-Schultz, especially where dark money is concerned. She has repeatedly voted to keep that money flowing through the halls of corruption, where Sanders and Clinton both have called for it to end.There was a time when an endorsement from Bernie Sanders may not have seemed like that big a deal. Those days are over. Sanders has amazing influence with young people, and if enough in the Miami-Dade area come out to vote for the guy Sanders supports, Wasserman Schultz could very well be out of a job. Asked about Sanders  endorsement of her opponent, she said: I am so proud to serve the people of Florida s 23rd district and I am confident that they know that I am an effective fighter and advocate on their behalf in Congress. Even though Senator Sanders has endorsed my opponent, I remain, as I have been from the beginning, neutral in the presidential Democratic primary. I look forward to working together with him for Democratic victories in the fall.The congresswoman will have to a little bit better of a job convincing people she s neutral. Actions speak louder than words.Featured Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
6248, This Tweet Perfectly Connects #AllLivesMatter And Zimmerman Gun Auction (IMAGE),"At this point, the arguments against the #AllLivesMatter crowd s rebuttal against the #BlackLivesMatter movement have been well documented. The point that  Just because someone says  Save the rainforest  does not mean that they are saying  F*ck all other forests  should have ended the debate. However, the debate continues. One person on twitter saw the connection between the #AllLivesMatter and the recent sale of the gun George Zimmerman used to kill Trayvon Martin.Here s the tweet:It should be noted that the gun actually sold for $250,000 dollars but that does not change the point at all.There have been no major systemic changes to the institutions that have racism built into their core. Since the beginning of the Black Lives Matter movement, it has been proven again and again just how much it is needed.Many people have claimed that the gun is a piece of history and that s why people are willing to pay so much money for it. I have to wonder if the person who bought the gun would also be willing to pay a quarter of a million dollars for the hoodie that Trayvon Martin was wearing the night he was killed by Zimmerman. I highly doubt that they or most of the people who put serious bids in for the weapon would be willing to do so. Especially when it is taken into account that at least part of the money Zimmerman will receive, will be donated to groups that fight the Black Lives Matter movement.That s because the gun isn t just a piece of history. It is a trophy for white supremacists. It is a symbol that a grown man can kill an unarmed black teenager, be protected by the state s legal system, and then go on to make a fortune off of the tragedy that person has caused.Featured Image Photo by Joe Burbank-Pool/Getty Images",0
6249, NRA President Has Meltdown Over Voting Rights And It Was SO Hypocritical,"National Rifle Association President Wayne LaPierre had an absolute meltdown at the organization s annual conference on Friday about voting rights. LaPierre is extremely pissed off that Democrats want to restore voting rights to ex-felons. Apparently, he doesn t think these people deserve the right to vote, but he s totally cool with violent felons owning guns.During his speech in Louisville, Kentucky, LaPierre said: There is no limit to how far the elites will go to put Hillary in the White House. They re even allowing convicted felons the right to vote, including violent rapists and murderers. It sounds outrageous, but it s true. The Democratic-led Maryland General Assembly did it for 44,000 ex-cons. In Virginia, Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe   Hillary s longtime bagman   did it for 206,000 convicted felons.Tentacles of the Clinton machine are out registering those felons right now. They re releasing them and then they re registering them! Heck, when they sign their release papers, they might as well just give them a Hillary bumper sticker at the prison door. The NRA president isn t wrong. Maryland and Virginia DID restore voting rights for that number of people and rightfully so.  Unlike Republicans, we believe that everyone deserves the right to vote. Voting is in an inalienable right and it should not be taken away because someone was convicted of a felony. I personally believe that even my father s murderer should be allowed to vote. I loathe him, but my personal feelings should not have any influence over whether or not he performs his civic duty. He was convicted of killing my dad, went to prison, served his time and released. He was held accountable for his actions, paid the price and now is free to live his life.Republicans, on the other hand, are against restoring voting rights because felons are disproportionately likely to be minorities (my dad s murderer was white) and minorities tend to be Democratic voters. The GOP are notorious for voter suppression shenanigans targeting poor, minority and young voters because they know that the fewer people at the polls, the more likely they are to win. So, of course, LaPierre doesn t want felons to have their voting rights restored, but he does want them to own guns.According to the Huffington Post the NRA and the Republicans they have in their pockets have been fighting for decades to restore gun ownership rights to felons. In many cases, those felons were convicted of violent crimes and when they were allowed to own firearms again, they committed more offenses. That is of no consequence to the right or the NRA, because they believe in second chances! For gun owners, anyway.In 2015, Rep. Ken Buck (R-Colo.) sponsored an amendment that would have funded a program to restore Second Amendment rights to ex-offenders. During a floor speech, Buck said, America is a land of second chances. One mistake should not define your future.  The NRA boasted about the amendment on their Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/NationalRifleAssociation/posts/10153506293466833 The land of second chances  unless you would like to vote. The hypocrisy is breathtaking, isn t it? Now, the right could argue that we, too, are being hypocrites because we do not believe that ex-felons should be allowed to own guns again. I disagree. I m fine with ex-felons having their gun ownership rights restored IF they did not commit a violent felony. I m sorry, but if you hurt somebody and went to prison for it, you cannot be trusted with a gun. Period. Owning a firearm and voting is not the same thing.Wayne LaPierre and his followers only care about one thing: arming as many people as they possibly can so that gun manufacturers get richer and richer. They don t actually care about ex-felons, because is they did they d make sure the same people they wanted to give guns to, also had their rights to participate in their democracy restored.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6250, ‘Fraud’: Major Veterans Group Accuses Trump Of Ripping Off Soldiers,"The military veterans group VoteVets is blasting presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as a  fraud,  after it was revealed that his claim that he raised $6.5 million for veterans was a lie.A Washington Post report uncovered the truth behind yet another wild Trump statement:One night in January, Donald Trump skipped a GOP debate and instead held his own televised fundraiser for veterans. At the end of the night, Trump proclaimed it a huge success:  We just cracked $6 million, right? Six million. Now, Trump s campaign says that number is incorrect.Campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said the fundraiser actually netted about $4.5 million, or 75 percent of the total that Trump announced.Trump used the $6 million figure as a public relations talking point for himself in the days following the fundraiser, while he campaigned for votes in the Republican primary. Yet when asked by the Post to account for all of the money he allegedly collected, Trump refused. Paul Rieckhoff, founder of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, told the Post,  That s just shady. Right? No matter how you cut it, that s just shady. Now VoteVets has responded to the Post article, and they are also blasting Trump for the way he used the veteran s issue to boost his own profile, while giving soldiers less than he promised.Responding to the story, Iraq War Veteran and Chairman of VoteVets.org, Jon Soltz said: Donald Trump is a cheap fraud.  In a classic fraud move, made himself look good to the public, by lying to the American people, and veterans, about how much he raised for veterans  groups, when he hid behind them to get out of the GOP debate.  He said he raised $6 million.  Now, when investigated by reporters, he finally admits that he overstated the amount by millions, and never raised what he told people he did.  In fact, there may still be groups who are waiting for their check. Soltz further notes,  We now need to presume that he is lying about how much he claims he has given to veterans over the years, and that s part of the reason he won t release his taxes. VoteVets describes itself as an organization with over 400,000 supporters that uses  public issue campaigns and direct outreach to lawmakers to ensure that troops abroad have what they need to complete their missions, and receive the care they deserve when they get home. Featured image via Flickr",0
6251," One Thing Changed About Obama This Year, And It Should Terrify Republicans","While much of the focus of the election year so far has been on Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, understandably, there has been a major change with regards to one of the key political figures in America and it has the potential to be a huge factor on the election.Since January of this year, President Obama s approval rating has seen a double digit increase. He is 12% higher now than he was then.But over the course of the year, Obama s approval numbers changed   quickly, and a lot. In Gallup s most recent weekly average, Obama is at 51-45   the exact opposite of where he was on Jan. 1 and a 12-point swing since then. He s been at 50 percent or higher in every week since March 1, save one.[ ]Looking at quarterly averages of Obama s approval, you can see how stark the improvement has been by party. Democrats have slowly looked at Obama more favorably since the beginning of 2015, but independents have begun to look at Obama much more favorably. After a sharp slide following his reelection, independents turned their opinions of Obama around at the beginning of 2014. Over the past year, that s escalated. And since ratings from Democrats and Republicans are more stable, that shift by independents moves the needle a lot.Multiple factors probably account for the dramatic change, but the improving economy and the contrast between Donald Trump s buffoonish style and Obama s leadership have to be considered. Trump is definitely having an effect among Latino voters, where Obama is up even higher than the average   almost +15%. Trump calling for a wall on the U.S.   Mexico border and describing Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists is not a good look for the Republican Party.Obama has already said he will be out on the campaign trail for the Democratic nominee   most likely Hillary Clinton   and it has been decades since a sitting president used his office to campaign for his chosen successor (Gore pushed Clinton away in 2000, and Reagan was too ill to campaign for Bush in 1988, while George W. Bush was enormously unpopular in 2008 and McCain wanted nothing to do with him).A popular president who appeals to both Independents and the party base is a huge asset going into an election against an opponent who is both historically unpopular and who has built his campaign based on offending key members of the Democratic coalition (women, Latinos).Obama (and Biden) won t be a drag on the Democratic ticket. They could be the key to a huge victory.Featured image via Flickr",0
6252, This Hilariously Brilliant Commentary On White Privilege Is Something Everyone Needs To See (VIDEO),"White privilege is a thing. There are many white people who will deny this all day long, though. They think that once slavery was over and Jim Crow laws were abolished, that racism was over. Even the white people who acknowledge white privilege often forget to check said privilege. It s infuriating to white people who actually get it, and especially to people of color. However, it is always refreshing when a white person speaks out about it intelligently, and that is just what Louis CK did on an appearance on Jay Leno s nightly comedy program.It all started with Leno asking how Louis CK s kids were doing. Louis CK responded: My kids are good. I mean, on paper they re great. They re two little white girls in America. Sometimes I look at it that way. I look at them like, you can t say anything. You re doing awesome. Just boiler plate great lives. He then goes on to talk about giving one of his daughters bubble gum flavored medicine, and how she said: Ew!  and he told her  Fuck you ew! You can t say ew! I m sorry. It s medicine. Most children don t have medicine. Most children in the world they get sick, they die on a rock with a bear eating them. That s how they handle it. After a bit more banter in the  little white girls in America  vein, Louis CK then goes on to say that you  can t take people s historical context away from them.  He continues: White people are always like,  come on, it wasn t us!  Like they want black people to forget everything. Like, every year, white people add 100 years to how long ago slavery was. I ve heard educated white people say slavery was 400 years ago. No it very wasn t. It was 140 years ago. That s two 70 year old ladies living and dying back to back. That s how recently you could buy a guy. The comedic truth continues, and it is truly refreshing to hear a straight white man recognize just how privileged he is because of being born, well, a straight white man.If only the rest of white America was this enlightened.Watch this must-see clip below, via Shaun King s Twitter:3 brilliant minutes from Louis CK on white privilege. Wrapping ugly truths is comedy is a gift.https://t.co/bND8oBTMN4  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) May 20, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6253, Hillary Wrote This Letter To Superdelegates In 2008 That Bernie Fans May Find Interesting,"Bernie Sanders supporters have been in an uproar about the Democratic National Committee s rules for primaries, specifically the use of  superdelegates.  A superdelegate is someone chosen by the party to represent their interests in a given state. They are unpledged, meaning they are able to vote for whoever they choose at the convention. Bernie Sanders supporters, especially the  Bernie or Bust  crowd   those who pledge to stay home or vote for Trump if Hillary gets the nomination   have decided that the use of superdelegates circumvents the democratic process, making it impossible for anyone but an establishment Democratic candidate to win.Let s put that into perspective real quick: If the RNC had the same rules they wouldn t be forced to nominate Donald Trump.Superdelegates act in the best interest of the party. There was a candidate in 2008 who learned first-hand that superdelegates can make or break a candidacy. Her name was Hillary Clinton. The expected nominee from the start of the primary season, Clinton found herself face-to-face with the up and coming Barack Obama, whose candidacy didn t truly flourish until half of the state primaries were over. As he gained in popularity and it became clear that he was the right choice for America to succeed Dubya, those  corrupt  superdelegates, tasked with securing the best interest of the party, began switching their support to Obama, who was ultimately nominated by quorum call on the convention floor by none other than Hillary Clinton.That s the way these things work. Bernie or Bust may be upset that all those independent voters didn t get to just walk into a Democratic primary and vote, but it really isn t anyone s fault but their own that they don t know the party rules. Primaries aren t general elections; they re nominating processes controlled by the parties. Make no mistake: If Bernie Sanders were in the lead or it looked like he was going to pull ahead, those superdelegates would shift their support and make sure the nominee was someone the registered voters of the party want to support.When Clinton was faced with the exact same scenario in 2008, she wrote a letter to the superdelegates of the party with one last plea for support. Her arguments include things like who polled better against the GOP, who had spent more years arguing progressive causes and who was ultimately more qualified to execute the office of the president:Dear ___________,The stakes in this election are so high: with two wars abroad, our economy in crisis here at home, and so many families struggling across America, the need for new leadership has never been greater.At this point, we do not yet have a nominee   and when the last votes are cast on June 3, neither Senator Obama nor I will have secured the nomination. It will be up to automatic delegates like you to help choose our party s nominee, and I would like to tell you why I believe I am the stronger candidate against Senator McCain and would be the best President and Commander in Chief.Voters in every state have made it clear that they want to be heard and counted as part of this historic race. And as we reach the end of the primary season, more than 17 million people have supported me in my effort to become the Democratic nominee   more people than have ever voted for a potential nominee in the history of our party. In the past two weeks alone, record numbers of voters participated in the West Virginia and Kentucky primaries. And with 40 and 35 point margins of victory, it is clear that even when voters are repeatedly told this race is over, they re not giving up on me   and I am not giving up on them either.After seven years of feeling invisible to the Bush administration, Americans are seeking a President who is strong, experienced, and ready to take on our toughest challenges, from serving as Commander in Chief and ending the war in Iraq to turning our economy around. They want a President who shares their core beliefs about our country and its future and  gets  what they go through every day to care for their families, pay the bills and try to put something away for the future.We simply cannot afford another four   or eight   years in the wilderness. That is why, everywhere I go, people come up to me, grip my hand or arm, and urge me to keep on running. That is why I continue in this race: because I believe I am best prepared to lead this country as President   and best prepared to put together a broad coalition of voters to break the lock Republicans have had on the electoral map and beat Senator McCain in November.Recent polls and election results show a clear trend: I am ahead in states that have been critical to victory in the past two elections. From Ohio, to Pennsylvania, to West Virginia and beyond, the results of recent primaries in battleground states show that I have strong support from the regions and demographics Democrats need to take back the White House. I am also currently ahead of Senator McCain in Gallup national tracking polls, while Senator Obama is behind him. And nearly all independent analyses show that I am in a stronger position to win the Electoral College, primarily because I lead Senator McCain in Florida and Ohio. I ve enclosed a detailed analysis of recent electoral and polling information, and I hope you will take some time to review it carefully.In addition, when the primaries are finished, I expect to lead in the popular vote and in delegates earned through primaries. Ultimately, the point of our primary process is to pick our strongest nominee   the one who would be the best President and Commander in Chief, who has the greatest support from members of our party, and who is most likely to win in November. So I hope you will consider not just the strength of the coalition backing me, but also that more people will have cast their votes for me.I am in this race for them   for all the men and women I meet who wake up every day and work hard to make a difference for their families. People who deserve a shot at the American dream   the chance to save for college, a home and retirement; to afford quality health care for their families; to fill the gas tank and buy the groceries with a little left over each month.I am in this race for all the women in their nineties who ve told me they were born before women could vote, and they want to live to see a woman in the White House. For all the women who are energized for the first time, and voting for the first time. For the little girls   and little boys   whose parents lift them onto their shoulders at our rallies, and whisper in their ears,  See, you can be anything you want to be.  As the first woman ever to be in this position, I believe I have a responsibility to them.Finally, I am in this race because I believe staying in this race will help unite the Democratic Party. I believe that if Senator Obama and I both make our case   and all Democrats have the chance to make their voices heard   everyone will be more likely to rally around the nominee.In the end, I am committed to unifying this party. What Senator Obama and I share is so much greater than our differences; and no matter who wins this nomination, I will do everything I can to bring us together and move us forward.But at this point, neither of us has crossed the finish line. I hope that in the time remaining, you will think hard about which candidate has the best chance to lead our party to victory in November. I hope you will consider the results of the recent primaries and what they tell us about the mindset of voters in the key battleground states. I hope you will think about the broad and winning coalition of voters I have built. And most important, I hope you will think about who is ready to stand on that stage with Senator McCain, fight for the deepest principles of our party, and lead our country forward into this new century.The letter was followed by 11 pages of statistics showing that even though she was behind, the race wasn t over. In the end it was the support of superdelegates that gave Obama the clear win.As a Bernie Sanders supporter, I would love to see the last melee of primaries go his way. A big win in California and a couple of other states and there s a chance Bernie becomes the best choice for the party, at which time he can realistically try to woo the superdelegates away from Clinton. If Hillary can hang on and secure the nomination, those of us who care about the future of our country will put our full support behind her.Featured image by NBC Newswire/Getty Images",0
6254," Kim Davis Goes Off On Gay People, SCOTUS And Shoving Things Down People’s Throats (VIDEO)","Just when you thought Kentucky County Clerk Kim Davis would drift off into obscurity (as she should) she reemerges just as hate-filled and full of drivel as ever during an interview with Frank Wright of D. James Kennedy Ministries. Neither of these people understand how the Constitution works as supreme law of the land.Davis still seems to believe that the laws of  the Bible  reign supreme over her actions serving the public.She said: I was obeying my law I had couples bring in the whole Supreme Court ruling and I said,  You know, I really don t need to see this because that s not a law, that s a ruling  [and they d say]  Well, why won t you do this?  And so then I go to the Bible and I d tell them, [and they d respond,]  Don t be reading me the Bible.  Well, you asked why I couldn t issue you a marriage license and I m explaining to you, I m showing you why I cannot. They didn t want to hear that though. They wanted to shove that paper down my throat and make me eat it for my dinner. Actually, Kim, the Bible has nothing to do with your job and serving the public. If you re to serve the public as your job requires you to do, you are to abide by the law, including federal law, which in this case is the 14th Amendment of the United States Constitution offering equal protections to all citizens, not just the ones that fit your standard under your religion. If you don t want to do your job, might I suggest you resign. You are free to worship as you choose on your own time, but when it comes to restricting others equal protections, you are disobeying the Constitution which was made clear by the Supreme Court. They re not writing new laws to tell you what to do, they are upholding the ones written upon our nation s founding. End of story.Watch part of her interview here via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6255, CNN Panelists Laugh In Trump Advisor’s Face After He Says THIS About Hillary (VIDEO),"One of Donald Trump s advisors thought he was going on CNN to smear Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton, but instead he was embarrassed on national television for spewing more of Trump s lies.On Friday afternoon, Trump had spoken at an event for the National Rifle Association, where he attacked Clinton s positions on guns so that the right-wing organization would endorse him. Later that day, Trump advisor Stephen Miller echoed Trump s words on CNN, only to be met with hysterical laughter.Host Don Lemon brought up Trump s pandering NRA speech and called the presumptive Republican nominee out for telling lies about Clinton wanting to get rid of the 2nd Amendment. Lemon said: I want to talk about the 2nd Amendment. Because Donald Trump continues to say that Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment. That is false. That is false by every fact-checker, by the campaign, by her, by everyone who is listening but Donald Trump. Why does he continue to say that? Miller could barely finish  Because it s true  before the entire panel   Lemon included   erupted into laughter at the ridiculous statement. Once the laughter had died down, Miller continued to claim that Clinton wanted to overturn the Supreme Court s District of Columbia v. Heller decision that shot down a law that made carrying an unregistered gun illegal, and prohibited the registration of handguns while other weapons were allowed.Miller said that if this decision was overturned, the 2nd Amendment would no longer exist. Guest Sally Kohn jumped in and countered that there had been restrictions on guns long before the Heller decision, and that even Constitutional originalist Antonin Scalia believed that guns should have some restrictions and regulations.You can watch Trump s advisor humiliate himself in the video below:Trump says Clinton wants to end the 2nd amendment, despite PolitiFact rating the claim false. @donlemon has more. https://t.co/GVpoTVIzY8  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) May 21, 2016Featured image via screen capture",0
6256, Mark Cuban Says He’d Be Hillary’s VP – But Only Under This One Condition (VIDEO),"Mark Cuban is not a fan on Donald Trump, and he made that perfectly clear in an interview with NBC News  Chuck Todd on Friday.Todd brought up a hilarious comment that the NBA owner and Shark Tank star had previously made when Cuban was asked if he would consider being Hillary Clinton s running mate, because she needs someone like me who could just throw bombs at Donald Trump.  Todd asked Cuban: You joke that you would love to be Clinton s running mate, as long as you were allowed to throw bombs at Trump. If she really did come to you, would you listen? Having gotten his hatred for Trump out of the way, Cuban took on a more serious tone and revealed that he would love to be Clinton s VP pick, but she would have to meet one condition. Cuban told Todd: Absolutely. The key would be that she d have to go more to center. I like the fact that Senator Clinton has thought out proposals. That s a good thing, at least we get to see exactly where she stands. Cuban s skepticism is because he feels that her Democratic rival, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders,  has dragged her a little bit too far to the left.  He explained: Things like college tuition and, you know, other business elements that really, I think, could hurt the economy. If she s willing to listen, if she s willing to, you know, hear other sides of things, then I m wide open to discussing it. You can watch Cuban s interview with Todd below:Cuban s comments come just a week after several anti-Trump Republicans tried to encourage Cuban to run for president in a third-party bid. Cuban said there wasn t enough time to launch a third-party bid, and that the GOP was courting him for his bluster and volume, combined with substance and the ability to connect with voters on a more personal basis.  Basically, they were looking for another wealthy businessman, but one much more reasonable than Trump. Last week, The Washington Post reported that because the Republican Party didn t want to stand behind Trump, they would try to get an independent candidate to take him out of the race. The piece read: The recruiters also delved into the world of reality television for someone who might out-Trump Trump: Mark Cuban, the brash billionaire businessman and owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball team. Cuban simply replied, I don t see it happening. Featured image via Steve Jennings / Getty Images",0
6257, CA Senate Passes Ambitious Gun Control Package That’s Going To Seriously Piss Off Republicans,"On Thursday, the California state legislature passed a series of legislation described as  the most ambitious action ever taken to protect communities from gun violence. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, the legislation includes nearly a dozen bills designed to protect the state s communities from devastating acts of violence like the mass shooting that occurred in San Bernardino in December of 2015. The attack, which left 14 people dead and another 22 injured, was the second worst mass shooting in California history.In response to the shooting, democratic lawmakers passed a comprehensive series of bills designed to reduce gun violence.A total of eleven bills were passed. Not surprisingly, nearly all of them were passed without support from republican members of the state legislature.The package included a bill which requires people selling ammunition to obtain a license, as well as mandatory background checks for those purchasing ammunition.Another bill outlaws the manufacture and sale of semiautomatic rifles with detachable magazines. SB1446 would ban magazines that hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition.The only bill to gain republican support, AB1176, would make it a felony to steal a gun or purchase a stolen gun, regardless of the value of the weapon. Under current state law the felony charge of  Grand Theft Firearm  only applies to stolen guns that are valued at $950 or more.Other measures require owners of homemade guns to obtain a serial number and register such guns with the state, and mandate that owners of lost and stolen guns report the theft to the police within five days of discovering a missing firearm.While the legislation still has to wind its way through the state house for approval, the Los Angeles Times reports that special measures have been taken to try to get the bills approved before June.If the bills fail to pass the House before that time, voters will likely have the opportunity to approve the same measures through a 2016 ballot initiative.California is leading the way in common sense gun control legislation. In spite of NRA propaganda, these measures are not  the first steps toward the government taking away everyone s guns. The bills approved by the California Senate are good examples of sane gun-control legislation. This kind of legislation is both reasonable and necessary.No one is naive enough to think that these measures will prevent all incidents of gun violence. On the other hand, few people are stupid enough to think that doing nothing about America s epidemic of gun violence is a reasonable response to the problem. Featured image via  wikipedia public domain ",0
6258, Reports Show Trump Paid Absolutely Nothing In Taxes For Two Years,"Donald Trump has been getting heavy media coverage as of late regarding his taxes and sketchy business dealings, with USA Today detailing in a recent analysis decades worth of tax evasion and ongoing court battles with the government.But now ABC News has obtained New Jersey records that show something even more damaging: In 1978 and 1979, Trump paid zero dollars in federal income taxes, and posted net negative earnings in those years. Remember, this is the guy who s supposed to be the financial guru who will  save  the American economy.As ABC details:Trump claimed negative income in both those years: losses of $406,379 in 1978 and $3,443,560 in 1979. In 1975, 1976, and 1977, he claimed $76,210, $24,594, and $118,530 in income, respectively, paying $18,714, $10,832, and $42,386 in federal taxes, according to the document, the Report to the Casino Control Commission.Now, were these negative postings and subsequent tax evasions before or after his four bankruptcies and court appearances?In 1979, Trump lost the $3.4 million after losing HUGE in investments  on real-estate holdings in New York City:The Division notes that in 1978 and 1979 Trump incurred no federal income tax liability. In 1979, the lack of such liability is primarily attributable to losses incurred by Trump in the operation of rental properties located at Third Avenue, Fifth Avenue, East 56th Street, East 57th Street, East 61st Street and East 62nd Street, New York City, New York.Were these failed investments part of his  art of the deal?  Considering Trump and his business cronies are notorious for overvaluing their properties, this might explain why he lost big in 1979.So not only did Trump screw himself over, he (once again) screwed over investors an creditors involved in the process.Along with Panama Paper mentions, multiple instances of tax evasion, overvalued properties and now this, no wonder Trump has been using every excuse in the book, including an ongoing audit, to not release his taxes   which the head of the IRS has now completely debunked. With all these bombshell reports coming out regarding his taxes, land values, and evasions, how many more years did Trump lose an exorbitant amount of money thus paying nothing back to society? This is highly suspect and a big clue about why he won t release his returns.But with all this information being public if people just take the time to dig, what is he really hiding that could only be found in the documents he won t release?Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
6259," REPORT: Trump Lied About How Much Was Raised For Veterans, Personal Donation Appears Missing","On top of failing to pay charities for months after the fundraiser, despite already having beneficiaries listed, it turns out Donald Trump actually lied about how much was raised   to the tune of around a million and a half dollars. And now, four months later, his campaign is admitting it.In fact, as of this time, only a little over three million has actually been paid out, meaning it s possible that even the new number given by the Trump s campaign is false. That, or worse, it simply disappeared. According to his campaign, donations were pledged that were not received. But that begs the question: If $4.5 million was definitely raised, where did it go?In any case, the amount of time between the fundraiser and actually paying the money is questionable, and Trump has been called out by many people for it   including Sandra Miniutti, the vice president for Charity Navigator, a service that rates charities:In recent weeks, Trump and his campaign repeatedly declined to give new details about how much they have given away. Why should I give you records?  Trump said in an interview with The Post this month.  I don t have to give you records. In the past few days, The Post has interviewed 22 veterans charities that received donations as a result of Trump s fundraiser. None of them have reported receiving personal donations from Trump.Did Trump make good on his promise to give from his personal funds? The money is fully spent. Mr. Trump s money is fully spent,  Lewandowski said.Who did Trump give to, and in what amounts? He s not going to share that information,  Lewandowski said.Of course not.Featured image by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
6260," The NRA Endorsed Trump, But They’d Have Ended Him In 2012 For His Comments Right After Sandy Hook","Donald Trump gave a speech to the NRA, who then endorsed him for President. That seems a little odd, given Trump s past support for certain gun control measures that the NRA wouldn t touch with a 60 foot pole. It s especially telling that, as recently as 2012, Trump supported President Obama s attempts at reasonable gun legislation following Sandy Hook. Now, though? They seem to have forgotten.Back then, President Obama said: We can t tolerate this anymore. These tragedies must end. And to end them, we must change. We will be told that the causes of such violence are complex, and that is true. No single law no set of laws can eliminate evil from the world, or prevent every senseless act of violence in our society. But that can t be an excuse for inaction. Surely, we can do better than this. Trump s response to that?Back in 2000, he also wrote in his book, The America We Deserve: I generally oppose gun control, but I support the ban on assault weapons and I also support a slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun. Those are both things the NRA can t stand. Trump used to call out Republicans for  walking the NRA line,  and  refuse even limited restrictions  on firearms too, which is really all Democrats want. The NRA, however, would have us believe that Obama is coming for our guns any minute now, and, if not him, then the next Democratic president will. Somehow, some way, some Democratic president will take everyone s guns.We have to wonder when that s actually going to happen, since they keep saying it s just a matter of time.So Trump used to be pro-gun legislation, and now he s anti-gun legislation enough for an NRA endorsement. The NRA has a short memory, apparently. While people do evolve on their positions as they learn new facts, this is pandering, because the NRA willfully ignores the facts.Trump, however, must enjoy pandering, because he does an awful lot of it.He s also pandering to the extreme end of the pro-gun crowd, even proudly accepting an endorsement from a Sandy Hook truther back in January. In March, Pastor Carl Gallups gave a speech where he said that Trump was the  pragmatic choice  for Christians. However, Gallups  website calls the Sandy Hook massacre a gun-grab hoax, and allegedly has evidence proving that. He also said that there s no question that the victims  parents are all fakes.The fact that it doesn t occur to the guns-everywhere crowd that Trump s support for the NRA, the gun nuts, and everything they stand for, is an illusion in order to gain support he knows he needs boggles the mind. Of course, it s hard to catch the liar of liars in a lie, because he s got excuses for everything and he s good at making his lies sound perfectly reasonable. He s very likely snowed the NRA here.Featured image by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6261," Sanders Personally Calling Dem Senators, Promising Them Party Unity","As the Democratic Primary devolves into tense moments   reeling from violent and threatening outbursts stemming from the Nevada Democratic Convention   questions are being raised if Senator Sanders can, if he loses the nomination, rally his supporters behind Hillary Clinton.Media outlets and members within Democratic circles are worried a split party could hand Republican nominee Donald Trump the presidency on a silver platter. Sanders allies have denied that his supporters or continuing candidacy could deliver a Trump victory, but nerves have not been eased.That s why Bernie Sanders has decided to personally call Democratic Senators to reassure them that there will be party unity no matter who the nominee is.Senator Dick Durbin, considered the number two Democrat (next to Chuck Schumer), said he received a call from Sanders, promising unity:Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate, came away from the conversation on Wednesday convinced that Sanders, who has all but lost the presidential nomination battle to Hillary Clinton, understands the need for party unity and will do his part to defeat presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. We talked about the demonstrations and such,  Durbin said Thursday in an interview.  I am convinced, as Bernie has said repeatedly, he is going to be on the team to defeat Donald Trump. I don t have any question in my mind. Also to receive a call from Sanders was Senator Barbara Boxer, who was verbally accosted at the Nevada convention and feared for her safety during and after. Sanders promised Boxer he would work to encourage a non-violent, issue oriented campaign and work to make the Democratic Party strong. In Boxer s words:He did phone me back last night and he was very distressed about it. It was a very warm conversation, and I told him, he expressed shock that his people would do it. I did tell him the vast majority of those Bernie supporters were sitting in their chairs, they were fine, But there was this group of 50-100 people, they were not young people, they were older people and he ought to check out and see, who these people are, and he said he would. In my mind when he says he does not support any type of violence, I believe him. And he s got to make sure it doesn t happen. People will follow his lead.Sanders a few days ago talked with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid at the behest of Senate Democrats, a conversation that neither warmed feelings of unity nor fanned flames of division.While both sides have worried about unity, Sanders has gone on the record, multiple times, saying he would work tirelessly to defeat Donald Trump. And now he has begun to call party leaders with reassurance that his eye is on the prize   a blue White House.Sanders talked to other Senators who weren t named. But these outreaches are reassuring in the face of growing, mounting tension.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6262, Two Stunning New Polls Show These Staunch Red States Could Turn Blue To Avoid Electing Trump,"The GOP didn t panic when a poll conducted earlier this year showed that Utah might vote for the Democratic candidate in November in order to avoid electing Donald Trump. However, they might want to start showing a little concern now, because two new polls show something similar for two more strongly red states. Arizona and Georgia, which tend to vote red in presidential elections, are showing signs that they, too, would turn blue before they d vote for Trump.Donald Trump has long claimed that he s going to win states that typically vote blue in presidential elections, which would rewrite the electoral map, at least for 2016. Georgia and Arizona, however, don t like his misogynistic statements about women or his racist, hardline comments and unworkable policies against immigrants (Utah just plain can t stand him).So can he rewrite the electoral map? Sure, but not necessarily in his favor. In Georgia, Trump leads Hillary by just four points, which is within that poll s margin of error. In other words, they re in a statistical tie there. Georgia has voted Republican in every presidential election for the last 20 years, but they re making themselves into an example of the disdain many feel for Trump s fitness to lead a nation.Over in Arizona, Trump leads Hillary by just two points, influenced by a huge  Never Trump  movement among Republicans there. If Trump can unite the party, he ll probably win Arizona, but for now, it s not looking good for him (and it s looking just terrible for John McCain in the Senate, too. The horror).Trump and his campaign think that his appeal among white, blue collar workers are what will put traditionally blue states back into play for Republicans, creating a ton of new swing states that haven t existed for a long time.They re totally ignoring the fact that this goes both ways, though   they ve already made three red states look at the color blue with new appreciation. Some Republican strategists are pointing out that his polarizing rhetoric, which is alienating women and minorities, will make him struggle in a lot more Republican states.In fact, there is really only one way he ll gather enough electoral votes to win the White House. Hillary has a much wider path than our dear Mr. Trump has.It s not likely that Arizona and Georgia, to say nothing of Utah, will be the only three of these states to start leaning away from Trump. Former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell said: With Donald Trump, I think he ll have the ability to turn some working class, blue-collar Democrats   the so-called Reagan Democrats   he ll have the ability to get them to switch over. The question is, are there Republican moderates that will switch over to Secretary Clinton or Bernie Sanders? For every one blue collar worker that Donald Trump picks up, he has the potential to lose one or more suburban Republican moderate to come over and vote for our side. There are actually a lot of those moderates who won t vote for Trump, as noted above. Arizona and Georgia are now key states, along with Utah and many others. Trump might be crowing over his success in states that have lost a high number of manufacturing jobs, but other states have other issues, and all he s proving is he might not rewrite the electoral map so much as partially invert it, giving even more states to the Democrats than usual.Featured image by Mark Lyons/Stringer/Getty Images",0
6263," The HORRIFYING Reality Of Executions In This State Has Been Uncovered, But It’s Unlikely To Stop","According to Reuters, a grand jury in Oklahoma found that  jail staff did not verify what drugs they were using for lethal injections and were unaware when the wrong drugs were administered.  This report is another damning piece of evidence that shows that there are many flaws in the supposedly  humane  systems in place for carrying out capital punishments.In 2014, the news broke that the execution of an inmate named Clayton Lockett, who was sentenced to death for murder. An executioner failed to properly put an I.V. line into Lockett. The needle used to inject the lethal drugs into Lockett began to spray all over the execution chamber that he was in. He died, after 45 minutes of agony. Not because the toxins that were pumped into his body worked as intended, but because they caused Lockett to die of a heart attack.After, a massive outcry from the public, which included a scathing condemnation from Amnesty International, Oklahoma made some minor changes to their policies regarding executions. In 2015, two more botched executions were performed. One of those executed was Charles Werner. His final words were  My body is on fire. One of the major factors contributing to these botched executions is due to the absence of sodium thiopental, which is the executioner s drug of choice for lethal injections in the U.S. The drug was taken off from the market in 2011 due to increasing international regulations on lethal injections. States who have yet to abolish capital punishment, have been scrambling to find alternatives.That means, once again in its history, the U.S. is desperately clinging to a practice that the rest of the world is moving towards abolishing. There are many good reasons for abolishing the death penalty but there is one reason in particular that even the staunchest advocates of the deathly penalty must admit is terrifying. A recent study found that 1 in 25 prisoners who are sentenced to death are actually innocent.No matter what protocols are put in place, we can never know for sure if they are truly innocent. I share the same stance as many capital punishment abolitionists, that capital punishment is always wrong, no matter what, whether the convicted individual is guilty or innocent. The idea that innocent people might be subjected to what is increasingly becoming not only a death sentence but a sentence to living their final moments in a state of hell ( My body is on fire ) is unconscionable.Oklahoma, you have already proven that reforming your policies on capital punishment are a facade. It s time to for you and the rest of the states that have yet to abolish the death penalty to give up this barbaric practice.Right now, all executions are on hold in Oklahoma. Since then, not a single execution has been botched and not a single innocent person has been murdered by the state. It s sounds as if they have found the perfect solution to their problem   now they just need to make it permanent.Featured image from (Photo by Joe Raedle/Newsmakers)",0
6264," REPORT: Trump And Companies Tied To Over 100 Lawsuits, Tax Evasion","Donald Trump s financials and business ventures are astronomically sketchier than Mitt Romney s. He refuses to release his tax returns, his name appears in the Panama Papers thousands of times, and now an exclusive report from USA Today shows Trump and his companies are linked to over 100 lawsuits, tax disputes and other legal limbos.An analyst from pored over thousands of documents and concluded, in summary:USA TODAY s examination of Trump s track record as a business taxpayer found not just court actions, but dozens of additional tax disputes with local authorities that didn t reach the courthouse in states including New York, Nevada, Florida and New Jersey. In some cases, Trump s businesses have disputed tax assessments; in others, they have simply not paid the tax bill until after the government took additional action.According to the information obtained from court cases, property records, and other documents showed that every year from the late 1980s to now, Trump and his associates/companies have been involved in tax disputes. Between June 2015 to now, five Trump companies in New York State alone have been issued warrants for more than $13,000 in unpaid or late taxes. Before June 2015, Trump has two other unpaid warrants; $1,580 for Trump mortgage; $1,747 for Trump University. One failed, the other is under investigation for fraud.USA Today issued a detailed list of tax issues over the decades:Not only does Trump have decades worth of tax and assessment issues stemming over three decades, he also overestimates the worth of his properties, something that might be shown in his tax returns and prove that he isn t worth as much as he says he is. For example, the Ritz Carlton Resort and Spa in Jupiter, Florida has been assessed at $13.7 million. Trump, however, personally assesses the property at $50 million, a full $36.3 million more. Then there s the famous Mar-a-Lago, Trump s personal estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Assessed at only $20 million, Trump contends that it is actually worth $50 million.Once again, records show (or don t show, because Trump won t release them) that Trump is lair, cheater, and overblows his worth to make himself look good.Trump s shady business dealings are miles long, miles deep. This is the  great businessman  Republican voters are touting when they spout their support for him.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Imges",0
6265, Hillary’s Message To Former Miss Universe Called ‘Miss Piggy’ By Trump Is PERFECT (TWEET),"Miss Universe 1996 Alicia Machado is now an American citizen and will be voting for the first time this November, and it s become apparent who she ll likely be voting for, and it s not Donald Trump.You see, after Machado won her crown she gained a little bit of weight, which apparently did not please Trump, who is the man behind the pageant. He even called her  Miss Piggy  and said that she must be  somebody that likes to eat.  He then forced her to work out and try to lose weight.When asked if she d vote for Trump this fall, all Machado could do was laugh.When Hillary Clinton heard about the insults and the response to if Machado would vote for Trump, she tweeted out: Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. https://t.co/jewmwZrrOA  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 20, 2016Very clearly insinuating that Machado will be voting against Trump, and most likely for Hillary Clinton.And honestly, what better revenge is that? That s called  karma,  Mr. Trump, and it s best served cold.Trump is as good for women as he is for hair care products   he clearly doesn t give a damn about either, and will say and do as he pleases no matter how ugly.Good on you Machado for standing up against Trump, and kudos to you, Hillary for embracing her.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images   video screen capture",0
6266, Oklahoma Republicans Are Trying To Impeach Obama For The Dumbest Reason Yet,"Talk of impeaching our first African-American President is like oxygen to Republicans   if they don t mention it incessantly, their tiny little brains shrivel up and they die. This is a scientific fact that I completely made up but has a strong basis in reality. Our frenemies on the right have come up with some real doozies when explaining their repeated attempts to get the black man out of the WHITE house.In 2010, Michigan Rep. Tim Walberg wanted to impeach Barack Obama in an effort to get his birth certificate. In 2012, former Minnesota state Rep. Allen Quist said that the President should be impeached because he isn t deporting brown people quickly enough. That same year, Texas congressional candidate Wes Riddle decided the black man should be impeached for satisfying the conditions of a treaty ratified under George H.W. Bush. A year prior, Tea Party Texas Rep. Michael Burgess suggested impeachment for no better reason than to block Obama s agenda. The month before that, GOP Rep. Tim Scott wanted Obama impeached because he wouldn t allow the country to default on its debts. Weeks after that, Rep. Steve King agreed with this ridiculous notion.If we were to translate all of these moronic reasons to impeach the President, they all boil down to one thing:  He s black.  But as monumentally stupid as those are, Oklahoma s state legislature has managed to come up with some new and original that dwarfs all previous reasons Republicans wanted to impeach the President in the scale of their stupidity. Reuters reports that Oklahoma Republicans have filed a measure calling for Obama s impeachment because of   Lawmakers say they want to get President Obama out of office because he overstepped his constitution authority by protecting transgender students from being harassed by their ideological counterparts across the nation. In fact, they feel so strongly on the issue that are already taking up a measure that would allow students to claim a religious right to have  separate but equal  (where have we heard that phrase before?) bathrooms and changing facilities to keep them away from scary transgender people:Lawmakers in the socially conservative state are also expected to take up a measure as early as Friday that would allow students to claim a religious right to have separate but equal bathrooms and changing facilities to segregate them from transgender students.The bill introduced on Thursday night could force schools into costly construction, which would be difficult for them to complete after lawmakers significantly cut education funding to plug a $1.3 billion state budget shortfall.The impeachment resolution also introduced on Thursday night calls on the Oklahoma members of the U.S. House of Representatives to file articles of impeachment against Obama, the U.S. attorney general, the U.S. secretary of education and others over the letter.Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett called President Obama s tyrannical decree that transgender people deserve equal rights  Biblically wrong    a phrase that should never enter politics   and a violation of state sovereignty. In a time when our state is facing an unprecedented economic crisis, our lawmakers should be focused on righting the ship rather than stigmatizing transgender youth,  Troy Stevenson, executive director of LGBT advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma, said of this ridiculous resolution.This decision comes on the heels of Oklahoma Republicans  decision to make it a felony to perform abortions. Not only would doctors face time behind bars, but they would be  prohibited from obtaining or renewing a license to practice medicine in this state  if they allow a woman to choose whether or not to carry a fetus to term. The bill passed the House 59-9 and the Senate 32-12, so it seems likely that something equally asinine   like impeaching Obama over something stupid   would be just as popular.Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
6267, Think Trump Wants To Keep Your Job At Home? Think Again — He’s Been Profiting Off Your Loss,"One of the cornerstones of Donald Trump s campaign for president has been that he s going to keep jobs here at home. He s made it one of the key talking points at his many, many rallies. However, it doesn t seem like he really gives a rat s ass about preventing outsourcing when it comes to his own wallet.Back in March, Trump said: Our companies are leaving our country rapidly, rapidly Frankly I m disgusted with it. Although, that really doesn t seem to be the case considering he s making a profit off investing in the companies he s very  disgusted with. According to Bloomberg: Trump has denounced units of United Technologies Corp., Ford Motor Co. and Mondelez International Inc. on the campaign trail   and has received income of as much as $75,000 from bonds issued by all three since January 2015, according to his latest financial disclosure form released Tuesday. He also has invested in Apple Inc. s stock and bonds even though in February he called for a boycott of the company for refusing to help the Federal Bureau of Investigation unlock an iPhone used by a terrorist in San Bernardino, California. In fact, only last month did Trump call out Ford Motor Co. by name when he said: Carrier has to know that if they do that   and I m not only speaking to them, I m speaking to Nabisco and Ford and hundreds and hundreds of other companies   they have to know that there are consequences when you want to leave and fire all these people You re not just going to go to another country, make your product, sell it across our really weak borders. Yeah, Trump hates it so much, just like a dog hates a peanut butter covered bone. Mmmhmmm The man is a walking and talking lie machine. His face could literally be next to the word  hypocrite  in the dictionary. Not that any of his supporters have ever opened a dictionary, or for that matter, a book.Trump is not only bad for the United States, but for the entire world. If he were to actually win the presidency, the rest of the world would look at us as thought we re crazy. We re only now getting over the embarrassment of George W. Bush, and Trump is a million times worse. At least Bush had policy experience, Trump doesn t even have that.Enough is enough, America. Trump is bad news and only has his own self-interests at heart, and all the proof you need is in the fact that he s profiting off American loss. He also made a point of saying back in 2006 that he hoped the real estate market tanked so he could buy up all the properties to make a profit.He only wants to be president for himself, and not to  make America great again,  because guess what, America is already great, and that slogan is just coded language that means  go back to the time before a black man was president.  And don t say it s not, because many of his biggest supporters are white supremacists.If you care at all about the well-being of the many and not just the few   vote blue.Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6268," EVEN MORE White Nationalists Are Trump Delegates, Report Says","The American Freedom Party (AFP), a third-way, white nationalist fascist party, is claiming members of its organization are Trump delegates. Last week, William Johnson, an attorney and delegate to Trump, was outed as the president of the AFP white nationalist and subsequently resigned his position.Mother Jones, who broke the story on Johnson, obtained a screenshot of a quickly deleted Facebook post from the AFP highlighting the breaking story, in which a commenter says,  Mother Jones? This page is liberal nonsense.  The AFP then commented,  Of course they are but here is what they don t know: we have more delegates. Johnson told Mother Jones that he himself knows of one other AFP member being selected by a state party to attend the RNC, and that he is an honorary delegate but kept his identity secret:Johnson said there are additional white nationalist Trump delegates who have been in touch with movement leaders, though  I don t actually know who they are. There are people who are surreptitious,  he said. Right now people are still a little bit afraid because they will have the same reaction that happened to me,  Johnson explained.  We just have to give it a few more months before people feel comfortable. With Trump garnering 1,161 delegates (so far), there s no telling how many of them are affiliated with the AFP or any other white nationalist association. Seeing as though one delegate has been outed as a white nationalist and another a pedophile, the public should expect more  comfortable  bigots and weirdos to be outed. So far, according to Johnson, there are at least a handful or more white nationalists picking the candidate for a major party candidate.After Mother Jones broke the story on this, Rachel Maddow got hold of it, further spotlighting that the Trump campaign may actually be filled with even more racist bigots than previously thought.More Trump supporters are doing their part to  Make America Great Again. Featured image via Ramin Talaie/Getty Images",0
6269, HORRIBLE News For Do-Nothing GOP: Americans Support Paid Family Leave Across Political Lines,"Republican lawmakers oppose paid family leave. But the majority of Americans say they support it, which is bad news for the GOP.As Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders vie for the Democratic nomination, one of their shared interests includes support of a federal law that mandates paid family leave.Paid family leave would allow workers to take time off to care for a newborn child or deal with any other family illnesses without having to worry about not getting a paycheck to take care of the bills.The Family and Medical Leave Act already requires employers to give workers 12 weeks of leave, but the only drawback is that the leave is unpaid, which means many workers can t afford to take that much time off if any at all. Paid leave would change that.Three states already have such a law on the books and other states are poised to follow suit. However, because Congress is controlled by Republicans, the effort to pass a federal mandatory paid leave law has gone nowhere because of GOP obstruction.But as the idea becomes more and more popular among Americans, Republicans may be forced to fall in line, and a new poll makes it clear that the GOP should start paying attention to what the people want.According to the Associated Press,An Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll released Friday said 72 percent support paid family leave. Democrats were more likely to back it, but Republicans also expressed strong support. Overall, support was stronger among people age 40-64 and among women.Strong support among Republicans means that GOP lawmakers may have no choice but to throw their support behind the effort if they want to make their constituents happy.In Michigan, which is controlled by Republicans at the moment, Mary Jo Morelli says she supports paid family leave because  I feel that in the U.S., we need to realize that employees, or the workers, can t really do the best job possible if you are worrying about a family member. Pushing for paid family leave would put Republicans in a difficult spot since they would rick losing their corporate sponsorship if they side with workers on the issue. And if they chose to side with corporations, they risk being booted out of office by the voters, which means the issue has enough power to flip state legislatures into Democratic hands if enough voters are made aware of the campaign to enact paid family leave.The Associated Press reports that despite such a law existing in California about 44 percent had never heard of it. That means people in every state need to be educated about paid family leave and how it can benefit them so that the fight can be taken more seriously by lawmakers.Because a happier, healthier workforce is what is best for business and America.Featured Image: Pete Souza ",0
6270, You’re Gonna Want To Hear Trump Saying He Wanted Blacks Vs. Whites On ‘The Apprentice’ (AUDIO),"Throughout this presidential race, Donald Trump has said a number of racist things that have drawn outrage from those who have a soul and merriment from those who are pure evil. Some were wondering if Trump has just been saying these things to pander to Republican voters, but new audio reveals he s always done some pretty racist things.For instance, back in 2005 while on Howard Stern s radio program, Trump brought up the fact that he put thought into doing a season of The Apprentice that would feature black people versus white people. Fortunately, NBC knew that idea wasn t going to fly.Trump told Stern and his co-host Robin Quivers: On  The Apprentice there was a concept, okay, thrown out by some person, nine blacks against nine whites. And it would be nine blacks against nine whites, all highly educated, very smart, strong, beautiful. Do you like it? Do you like it, Robin? Quivers responded: I think you re gonna have a riot. But Trump being Trump, said: It would be the highest-rated show on television. Then when Stern asked: Very dark blacks, or light-skinned blacks? Trump responded with,  assortment  against whites. After Trump admitted that NBC didn t like the idea (duh) and Stern very astutely made the prediction it would cause tension, Trump declared that it wouldn t cause racial tension, saying: It would be handled very beautifully by me. Because, as you know, I m very diplomatic  Also, I think you d have 35 million people a night watching. Adding: There s something wrong with it, but I don t know, maybe we should think about it. It seems as if this was much more than a passing thought or idea in the production office for The Apprentice. Trump clearly put a lot of thought into how he might be able to make this idea fly and get greenlit.So, if you had any remaining doubt that Trump might not actually be racist, this should clear things up for you. Featured Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images  HT Buzzfeed",0
6271, WATCH: Colbert Devises Perfect Advertisement For Trump And The GOP Convention,"If America is going to end the day Donald Trump takes the nomination at the GOP convention, Stephen Colbert was not going to miss out on mocking it.During the Late Show on Thursday night, Colbert relentlessly mocked the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for running his campaign like a reality show because he wants to wait until the convention in Cleveland to announce his vice presidential running mate. It s an apt metaphor, because this year s Republican convention will be the series finale of America,  Colbert quipped.  I can t wait to see the  in memoriam  reel for liberty. With that said, Colbert and his team put together a hilarious ad fittingly describing the convention and how it might go down. In short, just like a monster truck rally. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday   July 18-21, a four-day television event that s going to rock what s left of America. It s the Trump Republican National Convention. There s going to be yelling, angry white men, hats with words on them. Watch Donald Trump rope and brand a naked Ted Cruz   but that s not all. Touch real brains at Dr. Ben Carson s  freakatorium,  and don t miss the marital cage match   three wives enter, one wife leaves. And someone will be punched. Plus, Donald will announce his running mate, Truckasaurus. July 18-21, come one, come all   unless you re a Muslim or a Mexican or a woman who s not a  10. Here s the video:Yeah, that s definitely the perfect way to think about the Republican National Convention. It s nothing more than a glorified monster truck rally for redneck racists who want to see America come to an embarrassing end.Hopefully, most Americans are watching the GOP s Trump circus in utter horror and will be highly motivated to vote in November against it. If not, we all better get ready to kiss civilization goodbye.Featured image via screenshot",0
6272, Pregnant Women Infected With Zika TRIPLES While Republicans Refuse Funding In Effort To Hurt Obama,"The party that claims to be  pro-life  sure has a funny way of showing it. This week, the CDC released a dire report on the spread of the devastating Zika virus in the United States which found that the number of confirmed cases in pregnant women has ballooned to 157 in a matter of months. The disease which has only a mild effect on adults has been shown to lead to major birth defects in children, including a major risk of microcephaly.How did Republicans in Congress respond? By underfunding the fight   and then earmarking it for next year (and only if Democrats to agree to slash welfare funding of course).On Tuesday, the Senate cleared the way for expected approval by the chamber on Thursday of $1.1 billion to fight the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects. Unlike the Senate legislation, the House bill requires that the $622.1 million be fully offset with spending cuts elsewhere. Many conservative Republicans in the House refuse to approve Zika funds that would add to federal budget deficits, while Democrats and some Senate Republicans favor treating the problem as an emergency that would not have to be financed with spending cuts.By next year, the number of cases will likely be in the thousands and the already lowball funding will be even less effective. If that sounds like a truly idiotic plan, experts agree and have condemned it. In response to which one Republican whined,  We will have hundreds of millions of dollars in that bill for next year s Zika response, so to suggest that somebody is being shortchanged the money is just being prudently laid out at the appropriate pace and paid for along the way.  (Note:  Hundreds of millions  is less than $1.9 billion.)Is right now really the time to get  serious  about stewardship of the federal deficit?  Absolutely!  say Republicans who may have just realized they only have a dwindling number of months to stick their thumbs in President Obama s eye and can t miss this opportunity.A month ago, a deal was almost hammered out to provide about half of the $1.9 billion Obama had asked for, but that fell through when Republicans tried to use the spending bill to derail the unrelated Iran nuclear deal. When it became clear that Democrats were not going to destroy the historic multinational deal just because Republicans had Zika-infected hostages, the Republicans dropped the bill entirely   and any pretense of actually caring about the victims of Zika. Their new option, put forward by the House GOP, offers just $662 million and is worse than the original in every way; partly because, as mentioned above, it won t even kick in until next year.While Republicans play these games, Dr. Tom Frieden, the director of the CDC, has been emphatically insisting that time is crucial and that defunding other programs to move the money around is monumentally idiotic. You can t rob Peter to pay Paul. That s no way to fight an epidemic,  Frieden said.  Let down your guard in one place, stop fighting one challenge and threat to Americans here to fight it better there   that s not a way to keep Americans safe. Which, of course, is of very little concern to Republicans in Congress. Keeping Americans safe has always taken a backseat to blocking any opportunity for Obama to  win.  If that means putting the lives of thousands of women and their unborn children in jeopardy, well, that s a small price to pay for not having to go back home and look a Tea Party voter in the eye while explaining why he or she worked with the president on anything.If the Zika virus could vote, it would surely support the Republican Party.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
6273, Alabama’s Only Gay Rep Just Dropped A Devastating Truth Bomb On The Bathroom Bigots,"Alabama State Rep. Patricia Todd (D) made waves earlier this week when she dressed her thoughts up in an extremely articulate op-ed for AL.com that addresses the current  controversy  over where people should pee. Rep. Todd, the only openly gay lawmaker in Alabama, has had just about enough of the ridiculous rhetoric the right has been spewing about men dressed as women legally entering restrooms to molest young girls.The notion is ridiculous; there s no evidence to back it up. Conservatives, for some reason, have to attach something perverted to anything they feel is sexual in nature. Even though a person born a man who has transitioned into a woman going tinkle in a stall in a public bathroom has zero to do with sex, the right has no choice but to go there. Hate and fear are the only way to maintain a long-lasting bigotry towards things conservatives are too shallow to understand.In response to all of the silliness, Rep. Todd wrote:Recently a fellow legislator wanted to talk with me on the issue and he said he supported the law in North Carolina that mandates people use the bathroom of their birth sex. I asked him how many transgender people he knew personally. His answer, of course, was NONE.Therein lies the root of the problem. Rather than having an open mind and considering that transgender people are just people and not some bizarre offshoot of humanity looking to rape your children, bigots are far more likely to just support whatever law comes their way that will prevent them from ever having to have contact with that which they fear. If they can make our children safe in the place where people expose themselves most then maybe there s hope for us a society.It s so stupid. It s just mind-numbingly idiotic. Todd continues her piece with a short list of facts that if people would just listen to would end this controversy right here and now:It s simple. Go to the bathroom. If there s someone in there you don t want to share that intimate a space with, wait until they leave. It s almost guaranteed that a person who spends a lot of time in public and uses public restrooms regularly has been in one with a transgender person. They are more often than not victims of verbal and physical abuse and will hold it until they find a unisex bathroom to avoid confrontation. What we re doing as a society when we put laws like this in place is proving that no matter how hard we try to evolve as a society, the chains of religion and bigotry will always try to drag us back down.Featured image by Al Drago/Getty Images",0
6274, Trump Claims Hillary Was Involved In Disappearance Of EgyptAir Flight,"Giddy with the news that an Egyptian commercial airplane had disappeared on route from France to Cairo, Donald Trump wasted no time in taking an undeserved victory lap for his proposal to ban Muslims from the United States. Unable to contain himself, he also went a step further and blamed Hillary Clinton for the plane s disappearance   because why not?Immediately after announcing that he was positive the plane went down due to Islamic terrorism (a conclusion he came to before even a single fact had emerged), Trump released a breathless statement to the effect that Clinton s lack of support for a Muslim ban was the root of all international terrorism. His evidence: a list of acts of terror that had occurred both before she became Secretary of State and after she left.Look at the carnage all over the world including the World Trade Center, San Bernardino, Paris, the USS Cole, Brussels and an unlimited number of other places. She and our totally ignorant President won t even use the term Radical Islamic Terrorism. And by the way, ask Hillary who blew up the plane last night   another terrible, but preventable tragedy. She has bad judgement and is unfit to serve as President at this delicate and difficult time in our country s history.If one were to take Trump s advice and ask Hillary  who blew up the plane last night?  She would probably defer to the experts, who would tell you: We don t know. So far, the investigation has turned up few clues and has only just begun.Although suspicion pointed to Islamist militants who blew up another airliner over Egypt just seven months ago, no group had claimed responsibility more than 24 hours after the disappearance of flight MS804, an Airbus A320 flying from Paris to Cairo.Three French investigators and a technical expert from Airbus arrived in Cairo early on Friday to help investigate the fate of the missing plane, airport sources said.Egyptian Prime Minister Sherif Ismail said on Thursday that it was too early to rule out any explanation for the disaster. The country s aviation minister said a terrorist attack was more likely than a technical failure.On Twitter the next day, Trump was again telling his supporters that he was the solution to terrorism.Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 20, 2016So far his plans to  fix it fast  include bringing back torture, banning Muslims from the United States, and killing the wives and children of suspected extremists in the Middle East. Those vague policies have already made their way into terrorist propaganda videos and are being used as recruitment tools.On Fox News, which went from Trump skeptic to Trump cheerleader with breathtaking speed, the unanimous opinion seemed to be that acts of terror are great for Trump. The bodies haven t even been recovered from the Mediterranean Sea, and Fox host Stuart Varney was bragging about what this could do for Trump s poll numbers. I also think this may be good politically for Donald Trump. He s already tweeted out, saying this is probably terrorism.He s the guy who is saying, hands off, keep Muslims out temporarily whist we figure out who comes in. An incident of this type is surely a plus for Donald Trump. There is, of course, absolutely zero evidence that banning Muslims from the United States would stop terrorists from hijacking an Egyptian airplane, but why should that stop Fox from running with the narrative? If Trump tweets it, it must be true.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6275, Listen To Ann Coulter Pretend She Likes Jews While Making Vile Anti-Semitic Statement (AUDIO),"Donald Trump s number one fangirl, Ann Coulter, believes we have a superior culture we must keep pure. To that end, she thinks that small pockets of certain types of people in the U.S. are fine, so long as they don t overwhelm our wealthy, white, Christian, European culture. Guess who else she said that about? Jewish people.In an interview with BBC Radio 4, the following exchange took place: Americans don t want immigration,  Coulter said, demanding a complete halt.  They don t want any more. Why can t we have a home? BBC interviewer James Naughtie challenged her:  If someone had said that about Jewish immigration into New York a century ago, would you have approved of it? Oh God, not the Jews again,  the exasperated Coulter exclaimed. That s like two percent of the population,  she added.  That did not overwhelm our culture.' Listen to her her put her bigotry on full display below: Why can t we have a home?  We do have a home. That question makes absolutely no sense   she acts like white Christians are being forced out. Has that ever happened to a culture before? Oh, wait, yes it has, when her vaunted white, Christian Europeans forced Native Americans out of their homes.Seeing as how Christianity was born from Judaism, and Jesus Christ himself was a Jew, she takes an odd position on Jews. But Coulter is one of the worst bigots we ve got   that s why she supports Donald Trump. Despite her enduring love for him though, while Trump was talking about how Israel has no greater supporter than himself during one of the GOP debates last year, she tweeted,  How many f ing Jews do these people think there are in the United States? The implication is that she believes Jews have an outsized influence here. She claims that s not the case, though; she was merely talking about how Republicans act like our Jewish population has an outsized influence. She s not the anti-Semite here; or, at least, on her planet she s not an anti-Semite.That s in spite of the fact that she also said, at the time, that Republicans are merely pandering to the Jews. Who is she pandering to, then? Probably Donald Trump.She says anti-Semitic stuff fairly frequently, and then she puts on her walking contradiction costume when she defends herself: Anyone with a pulse knows I am pro-Israel and against the enemies of the Jewish people. I have a whole chapter in my current book praising Israel and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. It s the people attacking me who couldn t care less about Israel or Jews. She ll never admit she s said something sick and wrong. That s probably another reason she s a Trump fangirl. He doesn t admit when he s wrong, either. Sure, the Jewish population here is okay, but she d want them deported in a nanosecond if their population exploded. Her hateful, bigoted self needs the comfort of white, Christian Europeans all around her. Everyone else is a threat.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6276, ‘Tehran Tom’ Cotton Says The U.S. Justice System Is ‘Anglo-American’ And We Don’t Jail Enough,"The U.S. has one of the highest incarceration rates in the world, thanks to an awful lot of really bad conservative policies from the 1970s and 1980s designed to make us look tough on crime. Mandatory minimum sentencing, imprisonment for crimes that don t really require it, and more, has not only put millions of Americans in prison, but has had a disproportionate affect on minorities. Is crime down from 30 years ago? Sure. But Senator  Tehran Tom  Cotton thinks we re actually  under-incarcerating. Seriously. You can t make this stuff up. He actually labors under the delusion that we aren t putting enough people in prison. Speaking to the Hudson Institute about a bipartisan crime reform bill currently before Congress, he actually said: First, the claim that too many criminals are being jailed, that there is over-incarceration, ignores an unfortunate fact: for the vast majority of crimes, a perpetrator is never identified or arrested, let alone prosecuted, convicted, and jailed. Law enforcement is able to arrest or identify a likely perpetrator for only 19 percent of property crimes and 47 percent of violent crimes. If anything, we have an under-incarceration problem. He slammed the pro-leniency crowd, and complained that just a tiny fraction of the federal prison population consisted of people incarcerated for something like drug possession. However, the Federal Bureau of Prisons says that nearly half their prison population is there for drug offenses, which are defined as use, sale, possession, or furnishing of illegal drugs. 16 percent of the state prison population is incarcerated for drug offenses.Cotton doesn t let pesky things like facts bother him, though. What s next? A three-year mandatory minimum sentence for unpaid parking tickets? Perhaps a five-year prison sentence for violating pet-limit laws? Who knows with this guy.Besides all of that, the U.S. has 5 percent of the world s population, and 25 percent of the world s prison population. 2.3 million people are in prison here, and nearly half of them are black.Any guesses as to what Tom Cotton thinks of that? He either hasn t noticed (unlikely), or he s got the racist idea in his head that there s something wrong with black people that makes them commit more crime (far more likely). Something else he said, about unjust sentences, could be interpreted that way: I don t discount the possibility of a manifestly unjust sentence, one so out of proportion to the crime that it shocks the conscience. But that s why the Anglo-American system of justice gives the pardon power to the executive.  [emphasis mine]Anglo-American system of justice? There s really nothing to say about that other than,  Wow, this man is racist. One question this brings up is how much he s getting paid by the private prison lobby to be this kind of a hardliner. Increasing mandatory minimum sentences and other nonsense to ensure high prison capacities is more at the behest of those people than it is a  tough on crime  policy.Cotton, who is the man behind the treasonous letter to Iran a year ago, seems to suffer from a delusion that he s actually studied the issue. His answer to crime is no answer at all   it ll make our societal ills worse. But that s what Cotton lives for. He lives for making things worse.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6277, Donald Trump Humiliates Chris Christie AGAIN And It’s Worse Than Ever Before (VIDEO),"Chris Christie s strange loyalty to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has been questioned since the day he pledged his unwavering support to the business mogul. However, every time Trump insults or embarrasses the New Jersey governor, Christie loses even more of the public s respect. This most recent incident further proves that not even Trump has an ounce of respect for Christie, and is really just using him as a prop to make his campaign events more entertaining for his audience.Previously, Trump has humiliated Christie by basically holding him hostage on stage after the NJ governor endorsed him, and dismissing him like an unwanted child during a Tennessee rally by telling him to  get on that plane and go home . This latest incident just adds even more insult to injury. At a campaign event specifically aimed to help Christie get out of his $200,000 debt from his failed campaign   which is embarrassing enough to admit   Trump decided to make matters worse by teasing Christie about something he s always been sensitive about   his weight.Trump had gone on a rant about Nabisco moving factories to Mexico, and mentioned that he was done eating Oreos. Desperately searching for a punchline, Trump looked at Christie, pointed his little index finger at him and said: Neither is Chris! You re not eating Oreos anymore! The crowd erupted into awkward laughter and Trump tried to  soften the blow  by repeating the joke and bringing himself into the equation. No more Oreos, for either of us, Chris! Don t feel bad! For either of us! You can watch this embarrassing moment unfold moment below:To make matters even worse, Trump also announced,  So you know Chris paid off his entire campaign debt tonight  at the rally, clearly rubbing salt in the wound he continually keeps opening. If Christie had any self-respect after the massive failure of his own presidential campaign, you can be sure that it ll be demolished by the time Trump s campaign is over.Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6278, Watch The ‘Liberal Redneck’ Compare Anti-Trans Protesters To Michele Bachmann On Bath Salts,"Trae Crowder, known on YouTube as  The Liberal Redneck,  has returned again with yet another damned funny commentary on the recent creepy obsession that Republicans have with what people do in public restrooms.Crowder started by taking aim specifically at the new wave of idiots that are invading Target department stores, in order to loudly  protest  the fact they allow transgender people to use the restrooms in their department stores. One case in particular was one where a woman was walking up and down the aisles in target, towing along what appeared to be half of her 12 children she claimed to have.Sympathizing with the woman, in the comedic sense, he said he could understand how with 12 kids she was  crazier than Michelle Bachmann on bath salts.  You gotta agree with his logic. With 12 kids, and having to manage them in a militant Christian household that you KNOW she runs, she s probably crazier than an outhouse rat.Crowder is sick of hearing about how Republicans are going to  take their country back  as well, and suggested that they all move somewhere that religion and government are the same   like Saudi Arabia. Crowder said I know what you re thinking    Eww, they re brown, gross. But check it out: they love screaming, they hate books, they throw rocks at queers   you d fit right in.  What a great point. Right?Watch Trae completely own every person who can t stop thinking about people peeing below:Considering how many Republicans get caught doing bad hings in public rest rooms, you would think that they d be focusing more on their own party, instead of an entire segment of society that already lives in such fear of going to the bathroom they are in-and-out while drawing as little attention to themselves as possible.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
6279, The Pope Just Called Most American Employers (And Donald Trump) ‘Bloodsuckers’,"Pope Francis is no fan of Walmart or of McDonalds, or really of many American companies. In a powerful mass at the Vatican, he called companies that exploit workers  bloodsuckers  and the people who work there,  slaves.  He also said the employers were committing a mortal sin.During mass at the Vatican, he told a story about a girl who found a job working 11 hours a day for 650 euros ($729) a month, paid  under the table . This is starving the people with their work for my own profit! Living on the blood of the people. And this is a mortal sin,  he said at the service in his Santa Marta residence. Without a pension, without health care   then they suspend (the contract), and in July and August (the workers) have to eat air. And in September, they laugh at you about it. Those who do that are true bloodsuckers.  ($1 = 0.8919 euros)Source: ReutersIt s hard to read those words without imagining that the Pope is speaking directly to Americans. The United States is the only country in the developed world that doesn t offer universal healthcare. Fewer than half of Americans have a pension or even a 401(k). Only about half of employers offer any sort of retirement plan.Before Ronald Reagan, it was standard for companies to offer pensions and even health insurance. Then, 401(k) s which are a gift to Wall Street, came along, and pensions went away as some employers chose to offer nothing at all.Not only does this make the companies  bloodsuckers,  it s a bad business move, at least for companies that value their employees. Because people aren t tied to their jobs with pensions, they are leaving them. The average turnover rate is about 40 percent a year.Now, we know how hard Republicans fight against basic health care for all. We also know how hard they fight against a living wage, but we hear little about pensions, unless it s about companies stealing pensions from their employees. The Pope didn t mention that  bloodsucking  tactic. The fact is, though, that Republicans don t like pensions any more than they like healthcare or paid time off. They are doing their best to end them, whether it be public pensions or through destroying unions. Remind me, who are the Christians here?Featured image via Milos Bicanski at Getty Images",0
6280," Bette Midler Takes Hilariously Vulgar Shot At Mitch McConnell, And It is GLORIOUS (TWEET)","Superstar Bette Midler has been having a high old time this election season taking shots at the GOP, and she continued the tradition today   this time taking a shot at notoriously obstructionist GOPer Mitch McConnell. Using her own medical appointment, The Divine Ms. M hit the senator hard via her Twitter account.Apparently, Midler had to go to the doctor for a routine colonoscopy on Thursday, and decided that it would be the perfect opportunity to point out the senator s obstruction of anything and everything President Barack Obama and the Democrats try to achieve. She hilariously tweeted: I just got home from a colonoscopy. Guess what they found? Mitch McConnell! That guy will obstruct anything!! Here is the tweet:I just got home from a colonoscopy. Guess what they found? Mitch McConnell! That guy will obstruct anything!!  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) May 18, 2016She s right, of course. Now, it is highly unlikely that this wonderful woman would let that douchebag Sen. McConnell anywhere near any part of her body, including her colon, but this is hilarious just the same. The GOP has obstructed President Obama and his administration at every turn since the moment he set foot inside the Oval Office, and they will continue to do so until he leaves, no doubt. That behavior is pretty much par for the course at this point, so it s a good thing we have the likes of folks like Bette Midler to help us poke fun at the absurdity of it all.Keep up the good work, Ms. Midler. You make us love you more and more every day.Featured image via Bette Midler Twitter",0
6281," Trump Is Now Becoming Chris Christie’s Sugar Daddy, And Yes, It’s As Weird As It Sounds","In what is seriously turning into a bromance for the ages, Donald Trump is now apparently turning into New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie s sugar daddy. Instead of a regular old campaign appearance like he s been doing across the nation, at one rally stop in New Jersey at the Lawrenceville National Guard Armory Trump will be charging $200 per person to raise money for Christie s debt from his failed presidential campaign.If that sounds weird, it s because it is. Trump is now doing pretty substantial favors for Christie and it definitely makes one wonder what s up.Political science professor Brigid Harrison from Montclair State University said: This is really unique in its character. This is akin to Hillary Clinton holding a rally to pay off Bernie Sanders  debt, or to Barack Obama holding a rally to pay off Hillary Clinton s debt in 2008. And while it wouldn t be unusual if Trump had thrown a fundraiser for the explicit purpose of helping out Christie, doing so with a rally is found to be very odd by experts.And according to NJ.com: Trump will also appear at a second, private fundraiser Thursday for New Jersey s Republican Party, which still has $525,000 in debt related to legal bills from the George Washington Bridge scandal that engulfed Christie s administration. Tickets for that event: $25,000. Looks as though Trump is really starting to embrace the Republican party and now realizes the need for donations and contributors. All this while he still claims to be an outsider, but looks to be squirming his way into the infamous  establishment  likely noting it s in his best benefit moving forward towards November. He s a businessman and likely sees all of this as some form of deal, because it is. It also makes one wonder what role Christie would have within a Trump administration, because it s becoming more and more obvious that may be the course of action.Who knows, really? And hopefully we ll never have to find out.Featured Photo by Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
6282," They Asked Hillary If Trump Is Qualified To Be President, Her Answer Was Epic (VIDEO)","In a CNN interview on Thursday, anchor Chris Cuomo asked Hillary Clinton if presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is qualified to be President of the United States. Her answer was simple and to the point:  No, I do not. Question: ""Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?""""No, I do not.""  Hillaryhttps://t.co/04viDc5G7t  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 19, 2016Clinton then elaborated on her direct answer, and laid out the case she will probably continue to make between now and Election Day.She called the crash of an EgyptAir flight early Thursday an act of terrorism and went on to portray Mr. Trump as dangerously out of step with what a commander in chief would need to do to combat such attacks.She cited his proposal to temporarily bar Muslims from entering American borders, his comments about diminishing the United States  involvement in NATO and his remarks that he would negotiate directly with the North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-un, as evidence of how  unmoored  Mr. Trump is on foreign policy.The Clinton campaign has been hammering at Trump s radical ideas and temperament to make the case to voters that he is far too unstable to be given access to America s military and nuclear arsenal. At the same time, members of the intelligence community have already expressed concerns that Trump will even be allowed to receive classified briefings as the party nominees are traditionally given.That message will also likely be amplified in the multi-million dollar advertising and voter mobilization campaign that began this week from the super PAC Priorities USA.The attacks on Trump actually echo some of the attacks made by Democrats in 1964 against Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater, who is consider the godfather of modern right-wing conservatism. President Lyndon Johnson s ad,  Daisy, speculated that nuclear Armageddon could come if Goldwater was elected president.The ad was so effective, it only ran once. That fall, Johnson defeated Goldwater in an epic landslide, 61% to 38%.Featured image via Twitter",0
6283, Oklahoma Republicans Pass Bill Completely Outlawing Abortion,"If signed, the law would make Oklahoma the only state in the nation where abortion is totally illegal.It s unconstitutional and directly challenges the Supreme Court s 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, but Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma passed the outrageous bill anyway.On Thursday, the Oklahoma Senate passed legislation making it a criminal act for a doctor to perform an abortion by a vote of 33-12, which basically outlaws the procedure statewide.GOP state Senator Nathan Dahm, who sponsored the bill, believes it is the state s responsibility to force women to carry every pregnancy to term. Since I believe life begins at conception, it should be protected, and I believe it s a core function of state government to defend that life from the beginning of conception,  he said.Governor Mary Fallin, an anti-abortion conservative, is almost certainly going to sign the bill into law, especially when you consider the fact that Oklahoma Republicans have passed several anti-abortion measures over the last few years.This latest and gravest attack on abortion rights makes it impossible for doctors to provide a legitimate medical procedure that many women need because the doctor who performs the abortion faces arrest and prison.According to the Chicago Tribune:Sen. Ervin Yen, an Oklahoma City Republican and the only physician in the Senate, described the measure as  insane  and voted against it.So even the only lawmaker in the Senate who actually has a medical degree thinks this legislation is absolutely crazy.It doesn t get any more clear how dangerous this bill is than that.Criminalizing abortion forces women to seek unsafe back-alley abortions as they become more desperate to end a pregnancy. And since doctors probably won t risk being imprisoned, it means clinics will shut down, thus depriving women of the option of a safe abortion. In short, Oklahoma Republicans want the state to go back to a time when women died in droves due to unsafe abortions.The Center for Reproductive Rights condemned the bill as a  new low  by Oklahoma Republicans and it is expected that a legal challenge will be immediately filed should it be signed into law.Featured image via Pixabay",0
6284," Trump Convention Delegate Just Indicted On Serious Federal Charges, Including Child Abuse","The Trump presidential campaign has already faced a rocky road to the nomination, including the now-defused threat of a contested convention, as well as widespread rejection of the nominee from the party elite (he has had the support of the rank-and-file).Now a stomach-turning criminal charge has surfaced.A Donald Trump delegate headed to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland has instead been indicted on serious charges.A Donald Trump delegate to the 2016 Republican National Convention has been indicted in Maryland on federal charges that include using a minor to make child pornography, illegal possession of a machine gun and illegal transport of explosives.Caleb Andrew Bailey, 30, from Waldorf, Maryland, was indicted late Wednesday, according to a release from the Department of Justice.Bailey was listed on the Maryland Secretary of State website as an elected Trump delegate to the party meeting.The Justice Department said he allegedly tried to send ammunition and weapons through the mail to someone in Wisconsin. When they searched his home they found a machine gun. In the indictment that came down, the Department said Bailey  attempted to use and did use a minor to engage in sexually explicit conduct to produce child pornography. Previously, the Trump campaign had enlisted the support of a white supremacist as a delegate in California. William Johnson is the head of the white nationalist American Freedom Party and financed pro-Trump robocalls during the primaries.While the Trump campaign first claimed they had enlisted Johnson s support due to a  database error,  they had to rely on him to voluntarily step down since the deadline had already passed for him to be withdrawn.The Huffington Post reported that the Trump campaign had not responded to them about the allegations against Bailey in Maryland, and it was unclear what they would do about his status as a Trump representative at the convention.Featured image via Flickr",0
6285, Horrific Texas GOP Platform Is Made Worse By Implying That Most Texans Are Gay,"When you live in a state that thinks the worst things about their school system is open bathrooms and the fact that textbooks fail to show Jesus riding a dinosaur, it s not surprising that that state s Republican Party platform would fail to pass a 5th grade grammar test.Well, it wasn t a test, so to speak, but when the Republican Party released their platform, along with its official stance against all things gay, the tiniest of grammar fails seemed to indicate that most Texans are gay. Grammar nerds, judge for yourselves:Homosexuality   Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that has been ordained by God in the Bible, recognized by our nations founders, and shared by the majority of Texans.We ll get to the fact that this is a reprehensible and probably unconstitutional platform in a moment, but for now, let s laugh.The controversy is over the very last comma. There s a grammatical argument going on,  said Rudy Oeftering, vice president of the LGBT Republican group Metroplex Republicans, who brought the issue to my attention.  Some are insisting the use of commas in the  Homosexuality  plank in the platform could be interpreted as saying that the founders and the majority of Texans are gay. Source: The New Civil Rights MovementEven if we let that slide, Texans should be embarrassed at how poorly written the sentence is to begin with.Needless to say, it s a poorly written sentence in general. Either  truths  should be singular or  has  should be  have,  and  nations  lacks a possessive apostrophe.They should be, but anyone who s ever been subjected to Republicans on social media knows that things can get so much worse.Twitter had fun with the Texas GOP, though:Also, the Texas GOP platform would require Caitlyn Jenner and Laura Jane Grace to use men s restrooms, which seems  problematic.  daveweigel (@daveweigel) May 17, 2016 The Truth is Revealed by the Texas GOP Committee @TexasGOP, The Majority of Texans are Homosexuals! https://t.co/Dz9LAHhFrY  PC Godless Liberal (@TheAntiCruz) May 19, 2016@mikesmith8026 @GregAbbott_TX if Mike Smith is the face of the @TexasGOP then they are in trouble #grammar #spelling #stopsayingthug  John (@JohnsPolitics) July 25, 2015If only this was the worst thing about the Texas GOP platform. They want to abolish the 17th Amendment of the Constitution, which allows citizens to vote for their Senators. The Legislature wants to do it instead.They want to nullify any laws that they think are unconstitutional. This amounts to succession. They also want to defund and abolish the majority of government agencies and anything that might have a chance of saving the environment, but they do want a strong military to kill all the Mooslims. Oh, and they want the gold standard back.By now, we re used to that anti-government stuff from petulant Texans, but the plank on homosexuality is the only one that addresses people directly. Here s the entire paragraph. See if it doesn t make you throw up in your mouth a little. Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that has been ordained by God in the Bible, recognized by our nation s founders, and shared by the majority of Texans. Homosexuality must not be presented as an acceptable alternative lifestyle, in public policy, nor should family be redefined to include homosexual couples. We oppose the granting of special legal entitlements or creation of special status for homosexual behavior, regardless of state of origin. We oppose any criminal or civil penalties against those who oppose homosexuality out of faith, conviction, or belief in traditional values. Source: EsquireIt doesn t take a deep reading between the lines to see that this platform is a warning to all LGBT people to stay in the closet or risk harassment and bullying, without penalty, from anyone who hides behind the Bible.Featured image via David McNew/Getty Images.",0
6286, This Trump-Loving NRA Sponsor REALLY Loves Trashing Slain Black Children And Their Families,"On Friday, Donald Trump and several of his GOP colleagues will speak at the National Rifle Association s annual Institute for Legislative Action leadership forum. Without a doubt, the event is going to be overrun with racist, right-wing gun nuts   especially because Bearing Arms editor Bob Owens is co-sponsoring the event.Owens is probably tickled pink that he s going to see Trump at the event, as the two men have tons in common. One of the main similarities between them is that they re both wildly racist. When Owens isn t spewing nonsense about  radical  Democrats needing to be hanged for starting  a civil war  against conservatives and gun owners, he s dabbling in his other hobby   smearing the families of slain black children.Owens has repeatedly targeted and gone out of his way to torture the grieving families of Trayvon Martin, Tamir Rice and Jordon Davis with his vile hate speech. Not too long after Martin was killed by George Zimmerman, Owens called the teen  a violent, drug-abusing thug who appeared to get off on hurting people  and  a semi-literate violent criminal. He also trashed the musical about Martin s life, saying that it was an attempt to  whitewash a thug s death.  In 2013, Owens said that Martin s mother had raised a  monster  and that her activism against the Stand Your Ground laws that helped her son s murderer George Zimmerman get acquitted were merely for personal enrichment. Owens said: As for why Fulton and her attorneys and Democratic lawmakers in general want Stand Your Ground laws repealed, that s blisteringly obvious as well. Money.A provision of Stand Your Ground law in many states is that if a person is found not guilty during a criminal trial, then that defendant win (sic) civil immunity, and that keeps the families of deceased street thugs from suing the survivors for millions of dollars in civil court. Owens remarked, Good people   will arm themselves against violent young predators like Trayvon Martin  because  any society that hopes to survive simply has no choice. Owens  attitude toward younger victims of senseless, racially motivated attacks didn t improve over time. When 12-year-old Tamir Rice was shot by police officers who claimed they thought his toy gun was real, Owens placed the blame on Rice s family once again. Owens said: The Rice family doesn t care anymore about being responsible after Tamir s death than they did about teaching him to be responsible with realistic toy guns while he was alive. Owens also condemned Lucy McBath for becoming an activist against Stand Your Ground laws after her son Jordon Davis was shot and killed. Owens said,  she has become radicalized, and now travels the nation attempting to strip law-abiding citizens of their most basic natural right as a human being, the right [to] bear arms for self-defense. Owens  complete lack of human decency has been seen throughout Trump s campaign, not only within the candidate himself but also in his supporters. One thing has become clear: Trump really appeals to America s worst, and has gained a massive following amongst racists. Just this week, White Nationalists at The American Freedom Party said that Trump had several KKK delegates that the media isn t aware of. He s gotten the support of white nationalists like David Duke and William Johnson, who admitted that he wants Trump s divisive rhetoric to make racism more mainstream.As Owens has chosen to ignore the fact that racism exists and that racially motivated attacks have become a major issue in the United States, it s clear that Trump s ignorant, hateful rhetoric is the perfect messaging for the NRA sponsor. And just as Trump never backs off from a one-sided feud, Owens isn t going to stop torturing these suffering families with his disgusting comments.Featured image via Twitter",0
6287, Democrats Literally Scream ‘Shame’ At Republicans For Blocking LGBT Amendment (VIDEO),"House Democrats did something extraordinary today: they broke parliamentary procedure on the House floor and literally shamed Republicans after they blocked an important LGBT amendment from passing.Now this should come as no surprise. Republicans have always been hostile towards LGBT rights, and Democrats have been fighting them on the issue for decades. So what changed this time?Well, for starters, the amendment originally was slated to pass, with 218 members voting YEA, with more than 30 Republicans crossing the aisle to join every Democrat. The bill would have barred federal contractors from obtaining government work if they were found to discriminate against anyone in the LGBT community. This is something that has enjoyed broad bipartisan support for years.And it looked as though it was going to pass, and the issue could be a thing of the past.But then the TV voting monitor posted on C-SPAN showed that some of the votes from the Republicans were rescinded. The amendment narrowly failed 212-213. Republicans successfully convinced some of their colleagues to take the pandering cowards  way out and turn their backs on those in the LGBT community, thus giving the green light for federal discrimination.Democrats, rightfully so, didn t like that. After thunderous boos from every Democratic member, they decided to publicly shame the Republican cowards by literally chanting  shame  while pointing their fingers at them from across the aisle.When the chair said  There will be order,  Democratic Rep. Gwen Moore shouted back,  No there will not be. Democrats then set out a witch hunt to figure out who changed their votes. They were:Their offices haven t commented, so there is no telling as to why they changed their vote, who convinced them, and their reasoning for doing so. But if keeping to their history of being bigots, that s all the reason they need   to be bigots.Watch House Democrats put Republicans in their place: Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6288, WATCH: Louisiana GOP Rep SLAMS Her Sexist Male Colleagues On The Statehouse Floor,"It was an epic shaming they all deserved.When Democrats introduced a bill to increase the age limit on exotic dancers from 18 to 21 in an effort to curb sex trafficking, a Republican proposed a sexist amendment that would regulate stripping so that only women  between twenty-one and twenty-eight years of age and no more than one hundred sixty pounds in weight  would be able to work as an exotic dancer.Democratic state Rep. Walt Leger introduced House Bill 468 and it didn t take long for a Republican colleague to demonstrate that lawmakers aren t taking the issue seriously.GOP state Rep. Sam Jones responded by asking if Leger wants to institute a maximum age as well as the House broke into laughter. Leger responded that he s  open to suggestions  but doesn t want to  comment on anybody s tastes. That s when GOP state Rep.Kenneth Havard chimed in by offering his amendment complete with an offensive sexist remark. In the spirit of this legislative session, I will offer up this amendment as a part of keeping the spirit alive of trimming the fat,  he said. Again, the male GOP lawmakers thought this was hilarious and an appropriate way for a government body to act.Not everyone in the chamber was amused, however, as their female colleagues were quick to shame them and forced Havard to withdraw his amendment in humiliation. I ve got to say, looking out over this body, I ve never been more repulsed to be part of it,  GOP state Rep. Julie Stokes said during her condemnation of her sexist colleagues.  I m going to tell you one thing, the disrespect   and I saw it in 2013 in committee, and I ve never been so disgusted to be part of a committee as I was in 2013, somebody made comments, like,  What if it s a classy strip club like Cheetah s in Atlanta?  That s not the way we behave in this body. Becoming visibly more upset as she continued, Stokes slammed Havard for his amendment and told her colleagues to consider their own daughters. I don t even know what Representative Havard was thinking. That s a dangerous thing to do politically. It was a bad idea  I suggest that everybody in here look at their own bodies and their own daughters.Stokes pointed out that these lawmakers are somehow completely fine with barring women under 21 from drinking and buying a lottery ticket but have no problem with 18-year-olds stripping in a men s club.By the time Stokes reached the end of her remarks, the floor was dead silent and she finished by expressing her disgust over their comments and expressed her wish that they show respect to Leger s effort and to all the women present in the chamber. I refuse the spirit of everything that I heard. And I can t even believe the behavior in here. I think we need to call an end to this. I hear derogatory comments about women in this place regularly. I hear and I see women get treated differently than men, and I m going to tell you what, you gave me a perfect forum to talk about it right now. Because it has got to stop. That was utterly disrespectful and disgusting. I really don t have anything left to say. Here s the video:House Bill 468 came about as Leger explained because  back in October Alcohol Tobacco Control did a sting where they found prostitution and drug dealing in at least 14 strip clubs  in the state.Leger went on to explain that strip clubs become havens for trafficking where teen girls are preyed upon because many of them are stripping because they are desperate to earn a living. That s why Leger and Democrats are trying to raise the age limit and that makes HB 468 a legitimate piece of legislation that is not a joking matter.The sexist pigs of the Louisiana Republican Party should be ashamed of themselves.Featured image via screencapture",0
6289," WATCH: Trump Sinks To New Low, Calls Bill Clinton A Rapist On Fox News","Donald Trump took his campaign against Hillary Clinton to a brand new low on Wednesday.During an interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News, the conservative host and presumptive Republican presidential nominee attacked Clinton s husband, former President Bill Clinton, in an effort to defend Trump and his mistreatment of women. Are they going to interview Juanita Broaddrick?  Hannity asked before listing other women who have brought sexual misconduct allegations against Clinton.  Are they going to interview Paula Jones? Are they going to interview Kathleen Willey? Hannity then went into the details of the allegations, none of which ever led to Clinton being charged by law enforcement or tried in a court of law. In fact, two of the accusers mentioned by Hannity have testified under oath that Clinton never made unwanted sexual advances toward them.Then Trump chose to chime in and the interview only got uglier. In one case, it s about exposure,  Hannity continued.  In another case, it s about groping and fondling and touching against a woman s will. And rape,  Trump replied. And rape,  Hannity agreed.Trump went on to attack Clinton by mentioning his 1998 impeachment, which failed despite a hypocritical witch hunt by Republican lawmakers, many of whom have been embroiled in their own sordid sex scandals. And big settlements, massive settlements  and lots of other things,  Trump said.  And impeachment for lying, and losing your law license. You know, he lost his law license, OK? He couldn t practice law. And you don t read about this on Clinton. Trump then took aim at the New York Times for publishing an article detailing how Trump behaved with women in private by conducting 50 interviews in six weeks with  women who had worked with or for Mr. Trump over the past four decades, in the worlds of real estate, modeling and pageants; women who had dated him or interacted with him socially; and women and men who had closely observed his conduct since his adolescence. Their accounts   many relayed here in their own words   reveal unwelcome romantic advances, unending commentary on the female form, a shrewd reliance on ambitious women, and unsettling workplace conduct, according to the interviews, as well as court records and written recollections. The interactions occurred in his offices at Trump Tower, at his homes, at construction sites and backstage at beauty pageants. They appeared to be fleeting, unimportant moments to him, but they left lasting impressions on the women who experienced them. I was so furious at that story, because there s nobody that respects women more than I do, Sean, you know that,  Trump claimed.  And I treat women with respect. And I have   we all have fun. We all have good times. Here s the video:Of course, Bill Clinton isn t Trump s opponent in this race. Hillary Clinton is. So attacking her husband is as bad as attacking Michelle Obama or Heidi Cruz.It s not only a cowardly attack, it s false line of attack that has nothing to do with the battle between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. If anything, this makes Trump run for the presidency even more of an uphill climb.70 percent of women hold an unfavorable view of Trump, and unlike his attacks on Bill Clinton, Trump s own conduct with women is an issue in this election. And that conduct has already been turned into an effective campaign ad and will probably lead to the creation of many more.Featured image via screencapture",0
6290, Jimmy Kimmel Is Pretty Sure He Knows Exactly Why Donald Trump Hasn’t Released His Taxes (VIDEO),"Many of us are still wondering where the hell Donald Trump s tax returns are. He keeps telling us that he can t release them because he s in the middle of an audit, but the IRS has already said that s not preventing him from releasing previous returns.Well, Jimmy Kimmel has a theory as to why Trump hasn t released his taxes   he s a lying liar.You see, Trump loves to go on and on and on and on and on about how much money he has, and how rich he is, and how yuuuuge his bank account is, but here s the thing, how the hell are we to know?Taking a beautifully sarcastic jab at Trump and his bragging was Jimmy Kimmel on his late night television show. He shows clip after clip of the reality television star repeatedly telling people how wealthy he is, including how he took a  small loan  of one million dollars from his father. Kimmel then says: What if the reason he won t release his tax returns is because he actually doesn t have any money. He s been goofing on us the whole time. Like he s Joe Millionaire and we re the stupid contestants. Wouldn t that be rich? Very valid theory. I guess we ll just have to wait and see since Trump is too scared to actually reveal whats going on with his finances.Watch the clip here:He doesn t like to talk about it, but @RealDonaldTrump has a lot of moneyhttps://t.co/3Nnu3XeUID  Jimmy Kimmel (@jimmykimmel) May 19, 2016Featured image via video screen captures",0
6291, Laverne Cox Tears Trans Hate To SHREDS In Passionate Post After Edited Fox News Interview (TWEET),"It s become quite clear that as much as Fox News wants to make the appearance of being honest and inclusive, it s very much on the surface, so don t believe everything you see.Recently on Fox News, Megyn Kelly interviewed Orange is the New Black star Laverne Cox. The pair discussed Cox being transgender with topics surrounding growing up, transitioning, as well as her love life. However, many were left scratching their heads that talk about North Carolina s discriminatory law, HB2, better known as the  bathroom bill,  wasn t discussed.Here s the thing   it was. It was just edited out.Well, Media Matters has the edited dialogue and created a meme that Cox passionately posted on her Twitter account to make sure that people know she did, in fact, discuss the horrendous bill. Not only did she discuss it, she tore it to shreds with the truth.First, after being questioned why she didn t discuss the bill, she said:@dfoxfarrington we did talk about legislation specifically North Carolina's unconstitutional #HB2 but it didn't make it to air  Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) May 18, 2016Then later, she posted what was said: When a trans woman is called a man, that is an act of violence  Discriminatory bills like HB2 in North Carolina misgender trans people  The perpetuation of myths about who trans people are [is] at the root of this  Those bills are about making us not exist. But I m a testament that trans people do exist. There are trans people all over this country that exist. pic.twitter.com/xTkZfw02aq  Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) May 19, 2016Amen!So, as Fox News wants to pretend like this discrimination doesn t exist by cutting out Cox s very passionate plea to recognize that she s a human being and should be treated as such out of her aired interview, she s making sure it s told anyway.Good on you, Laverne!Featured Image via video screen capture",0
6292, Fox Host Already Using Tragic EgyptAir Crash As A Way To Boost Trump (VIDEO),"Just when you think the right-wing shills at Fox News couldn t possibly get anymore despicable, they go and do just that. By now, everyone has heard of the tragic crash of EgyptAir flight 804 in the vicinity of the Mediterranean Sea after it disappeared from the radar Wednesday night en route from Paris to Cairo. While the rest of the world is reeling from this tragic event, Fox Business host Stuart Varney is busy trying turn it into a way to help elect Donald Trump.Appearing on Fox and Friends less than 24 hours later, Varney insisted that this plane crash would somehow encourage the refugee crisis.  He went on to say: I also think this may be good politically for Donald Trump. He s already tweeted out, saying this is probably terrorism.He s the guy who is saying, hands off, keep Muslims out temporarily whist we figure out who comes in. An incident of this type is surely a plus for Donald Trump. So, in other words, it seems that this imbecile is actually glad that this plane crashed and all of these people lost their lives, just since it helps Trump and makes people more determined to ban Muslims from America than ever. His statements are absolutely disgusting, but, then again, what can we expect from a Trump supporting Fox host?I swear, these people never cease to amaze me with how low they will sink. For once, Fox needs to do the right thing and make Stuart Varney apologize for these appallingly insensitive statements.Watch the video below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6293, ‘Small Government’ GOP Rep. Wants A Law To Dictate Exotic Dancers’ Max Weight,"Bill 468, something that the Louisiana state legislature has been working on, deals with strip clubs and will maintain the state s current laws that regulate those clubs. It does, however, add a new regulation: All dancers must be at least 21 years of age if the club serves alcohol. Makes sense.One lawmaker, however, saw that and just had to stick his own amendment in there that would also regulate the dancers  weight. According to Rep. Kenny Havard (R), dancers between 21 and 28 should also weigh no more than 160 pounds.Right, because regulating women s weight is totally okay in a world where women are judged more on their appearance than on anything else. It s also totally okay coming from a guy who claims he s making a point about government overreach. Sure.Havard claims he did this as a joke, much like the proposals in other states that would regulate how men get things like Viagra in protest of laws restricting access to birth control for women. After all, regulating any business, even strip clubs, is massive government overreach with the tiny-government crowd. Dear Kenny here made a very bad joke.He also failed miserably to make his point   the bill itself passed 96-0, meaning it had broad, bipartisan support, and that Havard himself voted for it after pulling his own little  protest  amendment out of the bill. If he could vote for it without that amendment that was supposed to make a point, then he must actually not see it as government overreach.The whole purpose of Havard s amendment is this: Havard, who immediately pulled the amendment, [said] he doesn t regret the  joke  and called it satire   not sexism. He said he meant for the amendment to point out that the bill teeters on overregulation. Supporters of the bill say that they are trying to protect teens from human trafficking. It has won bipartisan support through the legislative process. Okay, so it s sexist satire and a sexist joke. It doesn t matter what Havard claims, he clearly doesn t understand sexism at all. There is nothing non-sexist about suggesting that we should regulate women s weight, even as a joke. Fortunately (or unfortunately for him) he brought the wrath of all his colleagues down onto himself, which is what caused him to pull the amendment. Can t have everyone mad at you for being a raving, sexist hypocrite after all.Exotic dancers actually further the sexual objectification of women, and for a man to say that these dancers, especially if they re young, should be svelte and slender under law sounds more like he wants to enshrine in law that the only women who fit his ideal of sexy and beautiful are the ones who get to be exotic dancers. A joke, a piece of satire, can still be horribly sexist. That s what Havard is and has done. He s outed himself as a sexist pig.Image By Jeffrey Schwartz. Licensed under CC BY 2.0 via Commons",0
6294, Dying GOP Senator Spent Final Days Apologizing To Muslims For Trump’s Hate,"Former Utah Senator Bob Bennett lay in a hospital bed fighting a losing battle against pancreatic cancer and the ravages of a stroke, but in his last days he wanted to atone for the damage Donald Trump has done to Muslims in America.Instead, with a slight slurring in his words, Bennett drew them close to express a dying wish:  Are there any Muslims in the hospital?  he asked. I d love to go up to every single one of them to thank them for being in this country, and apologize to them on behalf of the Republican Party for Donald Trump,  Bennett told his wife and son, both of whom relayed this story to The Daily Beast.Bennett served in the Senate for three terms, but his vote in favor of TARP left him vulnerable in the 2010 wave and he lost to Tea Party supporter Mike Lee.In his last days he also spoke to the Deseret News newspaper in Utah and told them,  There s a lot of Muslims here in this area. I m glad they re here. Over the course of his presidential campaign, Donald Trump has repeatedly attacked Muslims. He spoke out in favor of a ban on Muslim travel to the United States, and argued for a system to track Muslim citizens. His Islamophobia brought the ire of newly elected London mayor Sadiq Khan, who is Muslim.Khan told Time magazine,  If Donald Trump becomes the President, I ll be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith, which means I can t engage with American mayors and swap ideas. Conservative tacticians thought those sorts of tactics would win London and they were wrong. I m confident that Donald Trump s approach to politics won t win in America. Unfortunately, Trump s ideas on Muslims have proven popular with a majority of Republican voters, even those who didn t support Trump in the primaries.Senator Bennett died on May 4.Featured image via YouTube",0
6295, Trump Campaign Accidentally Reveals How Donald Trump Isn’t Even Qualified To Be Vice President (VIDEO),"Oops. While the media is still talking about the fact that Donald Trump refuses to release his tax returns, his campaign has revealed that his vice presidential pick will be much better vetted than the man wanting the top of the ticket. His VP candidates will have to show their tax returns.Here s the video:Trump defenders will make the point that showing tax returns is not a legal requirement to run for president, but most do and there are good reasons for it, especially with a candidate like Trump.Trump s entire campaign, and his following, has been built upon the idea that he s a magician with money. He s such a money maven he can force unwilling governments to build a wall against their own people. Trump talks a lot, but without seeing his tax returns, we have no idea how much money he has and how he is spending that money. This, while he s demanding complete transparency from Hillary Clinton, and now, from his VP candidates.The MSNBC report went on to say that Trump doesn t particularly care about his VP pick s views on any given issue   that there won t be a litmus test on abortion, LGBT rights or any of the other hot-button issues, but based on all around views.It is pretty normal that Trump would require the tax returns of any candidate, but face it, the odds of his Vice President having the nuclear codes or the keys to the treasury are pretty slim. It s Trump that people are being asked to support, not some, as of now, vague idea of a VP candidate. This is a bit like the twice divorced candidate demanding that his VP pick be married to his or her (probably his) first spouse. It s like Trump demanding that they have a great haircut or like him demanding decorum from his picks. Trump is asking his VP picks to jump through more hoops than he will. This is just more proof that Trump is running for dictator, not president.Featured image via Andrew Burton at Getty Images",0
6296, Being Transgender Could Soon Mean You’re A Sex Offender In Arkansas If GOPer Gets Her Way,"Some people like to create solutions to problems that just simply do not exist, and this time around it s a  solution  to a non-existent problem that insinuates individuals who are transgender are somehow sex abusers or pedophiles and are sneaking into restrooms to harm people. We re seeing transphobic legislation in North Carolina, and now Arkansas looks to be trying to add to the discriminatory hate.These legislative actions are nothing but hate, because laws already exist on the books that don t allow assault or intrusion of privacy. These laws and proposals are just purely anti-transgender bigotry.That doesn t seem to be stopping Republican Arkansas State Senator Missy Irvin, who, according to a blog at Arktimes.com: Looks like Sen. Missy Irvin will win the race to the bottom. A reliable source has seen an amendment Irvin has drafted for a minor bill aimed at clearing up a problem in a sexual indecency law (a Supreme Court ruling says the language doesn t currently apply to guardians of children). Her amendment says anyone who is caught in a bathroom whose gender doesn t match their birth certificate will be charged as a sex offender. New low: Arkansas plans to make trans people sex offenders for existing. pic.twitter.com/KSeNTSEeSX  Chase Strangio (@chasestrangio) May 18, 2016What the actual fuck?Not only does she seem to be trying to make transgender individuals criminals, she s allegedly trying to do so by sneaking it into another law. She apparently doesn t think trans people deserve the right to pee in peace. And how exactly does Irvin propose enforcing this sort of thing? The bathroom police? Does she intend of having bathroom attendants in every bathroom across the state asking to see birth certificates while simultaneously also asking everyone to drop their pants or lift their skirts? What s going to determine who gets checked? Short hair? Long hair? Intuition? The whole thing is just absolutely ridiculous.Aren t there actual problems that need to be solved? Infrastructure, education, healthcare? This is really getting absurd. Transgender individuals aren t criminals. They are human beings living their truth and should be lifted up, not torn down.Featured Photo by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
6297, Woman Who Worked For Trump Warns “He HAS To Be Stopped” (VIDEO),"Barbara Res worked for seven years as the head of construction for Donald Trump s company and she just told MSNBC s Chris Hayes  he has to be stopped. Barbara Res on her former boss, Donald Trump: ""He has to be stopped"" #inners https://t.co/gLOKoF3NzK  All In w/Chris Hayes (@allinwithchris) May 19, 2016Res, who oversaw the construction of Trump Tower and now supports Hillary Clinton, explained to Hayes that Trump  will put our country back thirty years  and  will be bad for our country. She added,  I don t think he has the experience to be president, or the political knowledge to be president.  Res also said Trump s policies are  very backward, very anti-woman, very anti-woman  and very  anti-progress. She served as an executive vice-president with the Trump Organization from 1984-1991, and wrote a book a few years ago about her experiences, All Alone on the 68th Floor: How One Woman Changed the Face of Construction.She also recently spoke to the New York Times about the danger she sees in Trump s candidacy. I couldn t imagine him ever doing a job where he would be beholden not to one person but 300 million,  Barbara Res said in an interview with The New York Times. I think he thinks he s going to be king. Res, who supports Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, said Trump seems to think he can just decree things that a president can t, noting there are three branches of government that work together. I don t see him getting away with all these things that he says he s going to do,  she said.Over his campaign, Trump has promised to do several different projects that would need Congressional support and spending to execute like building a wall on the southern border or banning Muslim travel to the United States, but has never bothered to explain how he would practically get them done, or even explain if they would be legal. During the Republican primary, those promises weren t a problem for Trump, but the general election is unlikely to be as forgiving.Featured image via Twitter",0
6298, John Hagee: Vote For Trump Or Face The Wrath Of God (VIDEO),"It s funny how extreme right-wing Christians always think they know what their God is thinking about politics, especially since most of the candidates who say that God told them to run for president never even get the nomination, much less become president. Well, another such right-wing Christian has added his voice to this narrative: Pastor John Hagee. On the Tuesday edition of his show Hagee Hotline, the fiery preacher issued a dire warning: Vote for Donald Trump in November, or God will come for you. Hagee warned that  God will not hold us harmless,  and that voting is an imperative duty. He continued to rant: I m going to vote for the candidate that s going to make the U.S. military great again. I m going to vote for the party that is going to solve the immigration problem, not the one that has created the immigration problem. I m going to support the party that brings jobs back from China   I m not going to vote for the party that has betrayed Israel for the past seven years. If you can read a newspaper, you know who I m talking about. No candidate is perfect, but I want you to go vote and may God give us a leader who has the courage to put America first and stand up for we the people. Now, I don t know about you, but this sounds an awful lot like a preacher putting politics into religion to me. If Hagee s ministry is tax exempt, he needs to lose that status if he can t stop the politicking. Further, no higher power   if one were to actually exist   would want a dangerous, racist, sexist, xenophobic narcissist as the leader of the free world.This election cycle sure has brought out the nutjobs, all thanks to the likes of Donald Trump. If that man wins, we re ALL going to need some divine intervention for sure.Watch the video of Pastor Hagee s comments, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6299, Former Obama Advisor Rips Debbie Wasserman-Schultz Apart For Attacking Sanders (VIDEO),"If you ask members of the Democratic Party who is to blame for the rift in the party many of them will place the blame on Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz   including former Obama advisor Van Jones.As the leader of the party, the last thing Schultz should be doing is criticizing one of our candidates, but she did. On Tuesday, Schultz told CNN s Wolf Blitzer that Bernie Sanders was condoning violence after the Nevada Convention erupted in chaos: [Sanders ] response was anything but acceptable. It certainly did not condemn his supporters for acting violently or engaging in intimidation tactics and instead added more fuel to the fire. It is never OK for violence and intimidation to be the response to that frustration. That s what happens with the Trump campaign. We can never resort to the tactics that they engage in. On Tuesday evening, Van Jones slammed Wasserman-Schultz s comments and said she is making the rift in the party worse: If you re gonna come out, you re gonna talk about violence, and you re the DNC chair, you ve gotta be fair about it. I think she made it worse. We need to bring these people together   that did not happen First of all, Bernie did say in his statement that he was against the violence. Also, if you want to talk about violence, only one person s been arrested; it was a Hillary Clinton supporter, Wendell Pierce, arrested for assaulting a Sanders supporter. Jones is spot on. First of all, as I said, the only thing she should be doing is bringing our party together and frankly, she has failed miserably. Second, can Sanders supporters be obnoxious? Yes, but so are Clinton s. To say that Bernie Sanders is anything like Trump is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. Trump actually tells his supporters that he would hit someone if he could. He encourages violence at his rallies.As a person who has been to a Trump rally and a Sanders rally, I can tell you that the difference between the two atmospheres is like night and day. Bernie s was peaceful while Trump s was full of people hurling insults. The Nevada Convention got a little heated, but it was still nothing like a Trump rally. Schultz comments are a perfect example of why some people believe she favors Clinton over Sanders. Did she compare Hillary to Trump because one of her supporters hit a woman? No she did not. So, she should have kept her mouth shut about Bernie.I hate do not believe in the Bernie or Bust movement, but I do know that the leader of the DNC damn sure isn t helping matters. We are never going to get through to  Busters  with this kind of divisive nonsense.Watch Jones  comments below:Featured image via Leigh Vogel/Getty Images",0
6300, Christian Charity President Embezzled The Entire Fund To Finance Sex Addiction,"One of the tenets of Christianity is  Thou shalt not steal,  but, apparently, Jon S. Petersen s pastor never bothered to tell him that.On Monday, Petersen admitted to a federal judge that he has stolen almost all of the money people have donated to World Ambassadors, Ltd., the charitable organization that he has been the president of for years. He pleaded guilty to one count of filing a false tax return   a crime that could lead to a three-year prison sentence, restitution and a $250,000 fine. The reason for his thievery? He has a sex addiction:In his plea deal, Petersen admitted that he moved $475,000 in donations from the charity to his personal checking account between 2010 and 2014, draining virtually all of its funding, prosecutors said. The group had about three dozen contributors annually. The guilty plea concerned his personal 2013 tax filing, when he failed to report $114,000 diverted from the group as taxable income. The charge carries up to three years in prison, and Petersen may be required to pay restitution to the group s donors.Petersen said he struggled with a sex addiction over the last decade and used the donations to pay for it.I don t think Jesus would approve of this behavior.More than thirty people donated a total of $476,466 to the organization, and Petersen moved $475,555 of it to his personal accounts. What s even more alarming is the fact that this wasn t the only money he was using to feed his supposed sex addiction. He said that he was also using his home s equity and credit cards to pay for it.Think about this for a moment, not just about the Christian hypocrisy, but he probably paid half a million dollars for sex. Whoah.Now, sex addiction is a real thing and we really shouldn t laugh about it (I know it s hard   no pun intended). According to Recovery Ranch:Sex addiction, also known as hypersexual disorder, is characterized by persistent and escalating sexual thoughts and acts that have a negative impact on the individual s life. Sex addicts struggle to control or postpone sexual feelings and actions. Most sex addicts do not know how to achieve genuine intimacy, forming little or no attachment to their sexual partners. Eventually, the pursuit of sex becomes more important than family, career, and even personal health and safety.Just like any addiction it can take over and destroy someone s life. If he is telling the truth, that is definitely what happened here. However, if he is using this as an excuse (which is entirely possible) to cover up his crimes, I hope the judge throws the book at him   not the Bible, but that would work too.Find out more about sex addiction here.Featured image via Wdea.am",0
6301, The Terrifying Truth About Trump’s 11 Potential Supreme Court Nominees,"Cow towing to the conservatives who think he isn t pure enough (yes, those people exist), Donald trump, the nominee for the Republican Party, released the names of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees he would appoint should be elected.Calling them  Great conservatives judges, great intellects, the people that you want,  Trump promised voters for months he would release  the list  and today we got it.They are:Well, there they are. Eleven judges, anti-women, anti-voting, anti-education, anti-separation of church and state ideologues. These are the  wonderful  justices Trump has promised the people.For any liberals or progressives alike who plan on sitting the election out in November, let this be stark reminder as to why coming out to vote is important beyond measure.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6302, Mitt Romney’s Effort To Stop Trump Ends Just Like His 2012 Bid For The White House Did,"Man, it has got to suck to be Mitt Romney. We all fail, life is full of ups and downs, wins and losses, but nobody fails as hard and as publicly as Romney has in recent years.On Wednesday, Yahoo News reported that Mitt Romney has ended his attempts to recruit a Republican to run as an Independent against Donald Trump in November:There are signs of concern with Romney s inner circle that his role in the  stop Trump  effort is being exaggerated or overplayed. Several key Romney confidantes did not respond to requests for comment for this article, funneling requests to one source close to Romney who said in an email that Romney  is not now engaged in an effort to recruit a third-party candidate. And while Romney remains  motivated to help the  stop Trump  cause,  a person involved in the stop-Trump discussions said that Romney is not calling or emailing any of the people who are still considering a run. A few potential candidates remain, the source said, although none at the moment are  live prospects. Apparently, Romney gave up on his efforts to recruit a GOPer to run against the presumptive Republican nominee when prospective candidates like  Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse said no. Although the #NeverTrump movement is still a thing, fewer right-wingers are speaking out against him. It is entirely possible that Trump s threats against people who were against him are working. Last week one of his campaign officials threatened to blacklist vendors and supporters of the anti-loudmouth billionaire movement.Mitt Romney entered the presidential primary earlier this year by blasting Donald Trump. Some people within the party looked at him like he was a superhero. Here was the 2012 Republican nominee trying to save the party, All hail, Mitt Romney!  Trump, on the other hand, swatted Romney s attacks away like he was a little, annoying gnat. It was actually interesting to watch as a Democrat. How was the guy who the GOP settled for in 2012, really going to save the day?Well, he didn t and now he has failed again. He wasn t able to beat Trump anymore than he was able to beat Obama.Poor Mittens.Featured image Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6303, OOPS: One Of Trump’s Proposed SCOTUS Nominees Spent The Last Year Calling Trump A Moron (TWEETS),"In an effort to  get serious,  Donald Trump unexpectedly announced a long list of federal judges he says he might pick to replace the deceased Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court should he be elected. One of his top picks (all of whom are white) is Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett. And he s apparently as surprised as anyone.Justice Willett has been pretty clear that he actively loathes Donald Trump. On Twitter, a large portion of his comments are directed towards tearing apart the Republican presumptive nominee. Just two days before Trump released his name, Willett was using a Muppets gif to sum up his feelings on the 2016 election.#Election2016 is brought to you by the letters S, M, and H. pic.twitter.com/ymJLlJO3Mg  Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) May 17, 2016Many of his tweets attack Trump specifically.Low-energy Trump University has never made it to #MarchMadness. Or even to the #NIT. Sad! ? pic.twitter.com/DWcfJOZkPu  Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) March 15, 2016What is the Trump University mascot?  Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) March 11, 2016One from just a month after Trump announced that he would be running (and at a time when most Americans figured Trump s campaign would detonate upon lift off), Willett was already nailing Trump for his thin skin and petty insults.""With malice toward none, with charity for all . . . except for all the losers, clowns, and dummies."" President Donald Lincoln  Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) August 7, 2015And perhaps the very best tweet   and probably the one that will cost Willett the chance of ever being selected:Donald Trump haiku Who would the DonaldName to #SCOTUS? The mind reels.*weeps can't finish tweet* pic.twitter.com/a326AP0mN1  Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) June 16, 2015Willett is certainly no liberal. He worked on George W. Bush s presidential campaign and was appointed a Supreme Court of Texas justice by then Governor Rick Perry. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, for instance, scoffed at Willett and his fellow selectees as being laughably right-wing. Instead, Willett s beef with Trump appears to be entirely based on the fact that, like many Republicans, he can t believe a buffoon like Trump managed to get the GOP to actively support him.Neither can we.Trump s half-baked SCOTUS nominee selection can be added to the growing body of evidence supporting the idea that Donald Trump has absolutely no idea how to run a competent campaign. While the press scrutinizes every minor slip up coming from other candidates, particularly Hillary Clinton, Trump has managed to botch his own PR efforts at every turn. On Cinco de Mayo, Trump threw every bit of common sense to the wind and tweeted out a photo of himself eating a taco bowl with the caption  I love Hispanics!  He pushed an economic plan that economists said would add $10 trillion to the deficit and then promptly retracted it. He  accidentally  sent a white nationalist delegate to the convention. His list of gaffes grows exponentially by the week. The fact that he clearly spent all of five minutes googling his list of SCOTUS nominees is shocking, but not surprising.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6304, Marco Rubio SLAMS The GOP For Obstructing Obama In Surprising Speech On Senate Floor (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, the Senate and House of Representatives voted on bills to combat the Zika virus. Of course, as usual, it turned into an  Us against Obama  fight; however, one Republican was super pissed off about it and slammed his own party for playing games with people s health: Senator Marco Rubio.The Zika virus is a huge threat for the United States, but Congress hadn t bothered to address it until this week. The illness is passed by mosquitos and if it infects a pregnant woman it could cause the fetus to develop severe abnormalities. President Obama has asked Congress to allocate $1.9 billion to fight the virus. The House of Representatives did what they always do and gave the president a fraction of what he asked for   $622 million.The House s refusal to fully fund the bill really, really pissed Marco Rubio off and he blasted them, as well as Senate Republicans, during his speech: I support fully funding the requests made, people say the president s request. Fine, it came from the White House. But it s really the scientists  requests, the doctors  requests, the public health sector s requests for how to address this issue. Oh shit! Rubio said something has been backed by science. He must have forgotten how much his Republican colleagues hate science.The senator went on to say that 112 people have already been infected in Florida, Puerto Rico is being ravaged by it and the Senate needs to take it seriously: Why take the chance that at some point this summer we could have a significant and serious outbreak in the United States of America, and everybody here is going to be back in their home state doing their campaign stuff or whatever you re doing this summer, and you re going to have to come back here and either deal with it and explain to people why, when doctors and medical experts were warning us that this was a significant risk, we decided to lowball it . Again, Little Marco seems to have forgotten who he is speaking to. Republicans do not care if something will hurt the people (HELLO government shutdown of 2013!), the only thing they care about is the fact that the Obama administration asked for the funding. The GOP Congress has one mode: Obstruct. That s it. That is basically what they do from the beginning of their terms to the end of their terms. Hell, they refuse to even hold Supreme Court nomination hearings because they are politicking so hard.Finally, Rubio called out the House for their dangerously underfunded bill: Why are we taking this chance? It makes absolutely no sense. I would also say that while I am happy that today, hopefully, the Senate is about to take action on this issue, I m concerned about what I hear coming from the House their funding measure isn t even $1.1 billion. It s $622 million. Quite frankly, that s just not going to cut it. The Senate ended up passing a $1.1 billion package to combat Zika but that is not enough. It should have been fully funded. Unfortunately, the Republican Congress does not take the health of Americans seriously. If there happens to be a huge breakout, I guarantee we will hear these very same members of the GOP blame it on Obama. Because if there is one thing stronger than their obstructionism, it is their Obama Derangement Syndrome.It was nice to see Marco Rubio actually show up for work for once and do his job. Maybe if he d done that more often he wouldn t be leaving the Senate at the end of his term with his tail between his legs.Watch his full speech below:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6305, Phil Robertson Will Be Donald Trump’s ‘Spiritual Advisor’,"After having backed Senator Ted Cruz, Duck Dynasty s redneck-in-chief and serial bigot Phil Robertson is now saying he s  forced  on the Trump train because the people of the Republican Party have spoken and now want Donald Trump as their nominee:I was forced onto the Trump train, but I am happily volunteering my services for Mr. Trump, mainly because the Republican Party has spoken. The people have said we want Mr. Trump. So Mr. Cruz goes down   I love him   but now I m on the Trump train and I ll do everything I can to help him.In true Republican fashion   sheer ignorance   Robertson says that although he isn t too familiar with Trump s record of accomplishments (or lack thereof), he will definitely be supporting him over Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, admitting,  I m taking my chances not even knowing [Trump s record]. I know the Clintons. I m not sure about Trump. I m with Trump. If that doesn t sum up the sad, pathetic state of the GOP I don t know what does.But it gets even better. Robertson has actually volunteered to be serial philanderer s personal spiritual advisor and thinks America should stand by him: I ll make a valiant attempt behind the scenes, you understand, to sit down with Donald with a Bible in between us and I might can help him along with concepts like loving your enemies, loving your god, loving your neighbor. Even your enemies, forgive them and move on. I may can help him in that area. I can see it now: Trump wins and the camera s panning and his spiritual adviser is me. Is America ready for it? Well, America, are you ready for it? Does it come as any surprise that the guy who thinks marrying off 15-year-old girls to full grown men is supporting the other guy who thinks his 16-year-old daughter was (is) hot?What do the two men have in common? The are both faux Christians who think peddling bigoted and outdated religious extremism will get them the redneck, conservative support. And they re completely right.That s some spiritual guidance right there. That s what s going to make the presidency  great  again   two borderline pedophilic, holier-than-though fakers running the show.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6306, WATCH: This Is How President Obama And Donald Trump Treat Women,"President Obama is currently in his final year as Commander-in-Chief while Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party. 70 percent of women hold an unfavorable view of Donald Trump while 56 percent of women voted for President Obama in 2012. And it s not hard to see why.An incredible video by Buzzfeed compares how President Obama has treated women versus how Donald Trump has treated women.While President Obama has focused on making sure women and girls have the same opportunities as men and boys and appreciates the role that women have played in making this nation strong, Donald Trump objectifies women, judges them based on their looks, and considers them to be baby-makers who can be cast aside for a different woman.The video begins with Trump telling Celebrity Apprentice contestant Brande Roderick that she  must be a pretty picture, you dropping to your knees. President Obama is then shown talking about his objection to his daughters not being able to have the same opportunities as somebody s sons.  That s unacceptable,  he tells the audience.Then Trump is shown telling a female reporter that she wouldn t have a job if she wasn t beautiful.At the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, President Obama spoke of how that we have to speak louder than the  voices telling our girls that they re not good enough. That they ve got to look a certain way, or they gotta act a certain way. It continues this way throughout the video. Trump makes a negative remark about women while President Obama praises women and fights for their future.Here s the video via Facebook:That s really the choice we face in 2016. Do we want to elect a president who will fight for women or do we want Trump, a man who has shown utter contempt for women and only notices them if they look like a super model. Because if we want a president who respects and fights for women like President Obama, the logical choice this November would be whichever Democrat ends up on the ticket opposite Trump.Hillary Clinton is taking aim at history as she seeks to become the first female President of the United States.  Human rights are women s rights, and women s rights are human rights,  she said at the U.N. 4th World Conference on Women Plenary Session in 1995.  Let us not forget that among those rights are the right to speak freely   and the right to be heard. We need to understand that there is no formula for how women should lead their lives,  she continued.  That is why we must respect the choices that each woman makes for herself and her family. Every woman deserves the chance to realize her God-given potential. Here s the video of her full speech via YouTube.Bernie Sanders is also pursuing the presidency. His chances at capturing the nomination are waning but should he win the nomination he would also be a good choice for women in November.Like Clinton, Sanders has fought for women s rights throughout his career. As the longtime senator from Vermont, Sanders has made women s issues a major part of his policy agenda.Sanders explained his efforts to elevate women to the Washington Post in September. You re looking at somebody who s made a cornerstone, a key part of my campaign, the need for at least three months of family and medical leave; somebody who is fighting to raise the minimum wage over a two year period to $15 an hour, which will benefit everybody, but women actually more than men; somebody who regards it as enormously important that we fight for pay equity for women; somebody who believes that our child care system is a disaster today and that we need to have the best childcare/pre-K system in the world, making it universal and affordable.So I think if people look at my record, I think they will see somebody who has had a lifelong record of support for the women s movement and women s rights. Like Clinton, Sanders also supports a woman s right to choose. When you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that s extremism,  he wrote on Twitter.  Let s say it loud and clear: women control their bodies, not the government. In short, the contrast between Trump and the Democratic Party couldn t be more clear. Trump is a serial womanizer who constantly spews despicable sexist remarks that should automatically disqualify him from running for president. But so far, conservatives seem to have no problem with Trump s anti-women beliefs and that is why ads like the one below will continue to haunt Trump s campaign.Democratic candidates, meanwhile, want women to be equal and be treated with respect and dignity just like President Obama has been pushing for over the last eight years. And that s why we need another eight years or more of a Democrat in the White House.Featured image via screenshot",0
6307, Paul Ryan ADMITS He Wants People To Work More Hours For No Added Pay,"Knowing that hardworking Americans need to be paid fairly if they are putting in extra hours on the job   hours away from their home and family, hours above and beyond what should ever be expected   President Obama is now strengthening overtime pay rules.In an email from President Obama, he stated: We re strengthening our overtime pay rules to make sure millions of Americans  hard work is rewarded. If you work more than 40 hours a week, you should get paid for it or get extra time off to spend with your family and loved ones. It s one of most important steps we re taking to help grow middle-class wages and put $12 billion more dollars in the pockets of hardworking Americans over the next 10 years. Adding: This is a step in the right direction to strengthen and secure the middle class by raising Americans  wages. When workers have more income, they spend it   often at businesses in their local community   and that helps grow the economy for everyone. According the Department of Labor, the new rules will do the following:Basically, making sure people get paid for the hard work they re putting in.Of course, Republicans are already incredibly upset that workers will be paid fairly for being overused. Republicans seem to prefer people get overused AND underpaid.Speaker Paul Ryan (R-OH) has now admitted that he s furious with President Obama s new rules, claiming: His regulation hurts the very people it alleges to help. Who is hurt most? Students, nonprofit employees, and people starting a new career. By mandating overtime pay at a much higher salary threshold, many small businesses and nonprofits will be unable to afford skilled workers and be forced to eliminate salaried positions, complete with benefits, altogether. Yeah, more money in people s pockets is always harmful to their well-being, and making it so employers hire more employees if they want don t want to pay overtime is definitely harmful to economy. You know, because adding jobs and people being satisfied with their jobs, which in turn lowers turnover and increases quality, is a bad thing.OR NOT.Let s be blunt, Republicans seem want to make sure employers keep as much money as possible by making sure they re allowed to pay employees as little as possible. They seem to see giving money to top to let in  trickle down  is an investment in the economy, but investing more money in the people (or rather, consumers) who actually drive the economy, is a bad thing.Republicans have it exactly backwards, and the sooner they realize this the better. What s most ironic, Paul Ryan is paid an obscene amount to work only mere weeks per year.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6308, Trump ‘Clarifies’ Abortion Comments: I Meant That Women Should Punish THEMSELVES (VIDEO),"Every time Donald Trump tries to walk back his  punishment  comments on abortion, he only manages to become even more offensive and misogynistic.In a recent New York Times interview with reporter Robert Draper, Trump made yet another pathetic attempt to clarify the disgusting comments he made during an interview with MSNBC s Chris Matthews in March, where he stated that women should get  some form of punishment  for seeking an abortion. Trump originally tried to correct his comments shortly after by saying only doctors who perform illegal abortions should face criminal charges   which was still a very anti-woman stance to take. Now, Trump has made another attempt to defend his comments   and it s just as bad. Trump said: I didn t mean punishment for women like prison. I m saying women punish themselves. I didn t want people to think in terms of  prison  punishment. And because of that I walked it back. TwitterBut it turns out, every time Trump walks his comments back, it s only because he s receiving backlash and he wants to do damage control   he s not really sorry at all. Draper investigated Trump s claims that he hadn t meant that women should be punished, and discovered that the presumptive Republican nominee was lying through his teeth. Draper reported that Trump initially saw nothing wrong with his remark and refused to walk it back  before giving a statement. It wasn t until numerous media outlets swarmed him that Trump tried to soften the blow with another statement that said the exact opposite. Those two contradictory statements were released approximately an hour apart   but that s nothing new for the dishonest, constantly contradicting and flip-flopping candidate.You can watch Trump s original  punishment  comments below and see for yourself that Trump s claim that it was a misinterpretation is complete bullsh*t. This is a guy who clearly hates women, and will be a major threat to their health, safety and future if he gets the White House.To prove just how crazy Trump is, in the same Times interview, Trump insisted he would do better on women s issues than Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton and  everybody else combined.  He said, Frankly, for the general election I think that s a very good issue for me. Trump still remains completely oblivious that almost three quarters of American women hate his guts. And of course, shaming and telling them that they should punish themselves for having an abortion isn t going to help.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / Getty Images",0
6309, Obama’s Doing Something BIG To Raise Pay For Millions Of Americans (VIDEO),"Throughout his presidency, President Obama has dedicated himself to exploring policies with the goal of making life better for working Americans and making sure they are fairly compensated for their time and effort.Unfortunately, the GOP has become a major obstacle for the President ever since he stepped foot in the White House. After a Republican Congress made it perfectly clear that they won t even consider a minimum wage increase, the Obama administration was forced to seek out another alternative   and it s finally going to pay off. Thanks to Obama s overhaul on overtime pay   which doubles the salary level that workers must be paid overtime, millions of Americans are going to have more money in their pockets. This is major news, because this law hasn t been changed in over ten years!When Obama first mentioned that he wanted to revamp overtime pay, hardly anyone took him seriously. At his State of the Union address last year, the President said,  We still need to make sure employees get the overtime they ve earned.  Then, he unveiled a proposal to raise the income thresholds for those who would be eligible for overtime. It still seemed like faraway goal, until yesterday when the Labor Department finalized those new rules   an initiative that the Huffington Post called  one of the most ambitious economic reforms of the Obama era. Vice President Joe Biden announced the decision on Tuesday, stating that middle-class workers have  been getting clobbered  for decades. Biden said: The American people want to work. They want a fair shot. No handouts, no guarantees. Just a good job at a fair wage. Under the new rules, all workers earning salaries under the overtime salary threshold are entitled to time-and-a-half pay when they work over 40 hours per week   which many do. The previous threshold was only $23,660   making millions of struggling, hard-working Americans ineligible. But thanks to the Obama administration, that number will be doubled to $47,476, which guarantees overtime rights for any salaried workers earning underneath that number. Before this was changed, only 7% of Americans were eligible for overtime. And it gets better   the threshold will be updated by the Labor Department every three years to make sure that it keeps up with inflation. The Huffington Post reported:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
6310, Lead BENGHAZI Witch Hunter Just Accidentally Admitted Main Conspiracy Theory Is Bullsh*t (VIDEO),"Ever since the attacks on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012, Republicans have been trying everything within their powers to throw the Obama administration, in particular former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, under the bus. However, after several investigations surrounding the attack, it has continuously been shown that there was no wrong doing.Even Fox News reported: Investigation by the Republican-controlled House Intelligence Committee has found that the CIA and the military acted properly in responding to the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi, Libya.The report alleges no wrongdoing by Obama administration appointees.Debunking a series of persistent allegations hinting at dark conspiracies surrounding the incident, the report concludes that there was no intelligence failure, no delay in sending a CIA rescue team, no missed opportunity for a military rescue, and no evidence the CIA was covertly shipping arms from Libya to Syria. Yet, the investigations still continued and questions are still being raised to this day.Something just happened during an interview on Fox News, however, when one of the lead Republicans who s been leading the charge against the Obama administration accidentally admitted the truth, but then tried to pivot away.While Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) was discussing the fact that one of the lead investigators for Benghazi just quit because there was nothing more to discover, he seemed to debunk his main conspiracy theory that there was a  stand down  order given, which would have prevented military help from arriving at the compound in time to help.Gowdy said: Whether or not they could have gotten there in time, they couldn t. I don t think there s any question about that. But then clearly pivoting as if to give the illusion that he didn t say such a thing, he adds: Why could you not? Why were you not positioned to do it? Why could we not do a lot of things, Gowdy? Why could you not get a decent haircut that didn t make you look like you crawled out of a Harry Potter novel? The fact of the matter is, he just admitted the Obama administration is in the clear and there was nothing more they could have done to get help there in time.What s most interesting is the fact that Gowdy is now raising questions that Hillary Clinton raised right after it happened with her now infamous line,  What difference does it make?  Because in full context, her response to questioning was: With all due respect, the fact is we had four dead Americans. Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they d they go kill some Americans? What difference at this point does it make? Going on to say that we need to figure out what happened, what we can do differently, and how we can go forward to make sure it never happens again.Gowdy is all out of arguments and the Benghazi attack investigations have been settled. What we need to do now is make sure we keep our current diplomats protected and prevent another attack from occurring. Which is what Republicans should be focused on rather than try to use the attacks as a political posturing move to throw the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton under the bus. Maybe we should have an investigation into how many unwarranted, tax-payer funded investigations we ve had. Featured image via video screen capture/ HT C&L",0
6311, George Zimmerman Launches Despicable Attack On Trayvon Martin’s Parents,"In the wake of his failed efforts to sell the gun he used to murder Trayvon Martin, racist George Zimmerman talked to the Daily Beast and said some pretty horrendous things about the slain teen s parents. They didn t raise their son right,  Zimmerman said.  He attacked a complete stranger and attempted to kill him. Zimmerman pursued and initiated an encounter with the unarmed 17-year-old on February 26, 2012 as Martin was crossing through the gated Sanford, Florida community on his way home to his father s house.Despite being told not to pursue Martin, Zimmerman wanted to play cop and did so anyway despite having no reason to do so. He shot and killed Martin with a Kel-Tec PF-9 9mm semi-automatic pistol and claimed self defense and got away with the murder because of Florida s controversial Stand Your Ground law.Zimmerman has been in and out of trouble with the law ever since, and has avoided punishment each time.Further, in a scheme to make money and use the profits to allegedly fight the Black Lives Matter movement, Zimmerman set up an auction seeking buyers for the gun he used to take Trayvon Martin away from his parents forever, parents whom Zimmerman continued to attack during the interview. Sybrina Fulton and Tracy Martin did everything they could to capitalize on her son s death,  Zimmerman despicably claimed.  She was never a mother figure to him. Tracy Martin couldn t have cared less about their son. He treated him like a dog without a leash. Zimmerman should have stopped talking at that point but he continued to give Martin s parents advice even though he doesn t have any children of his own. Sure, I m sorry for any parent that has lost a child. That being said, I also believe it s their duty to have an internal dialogue to see what they should have done better and what they should have done appropriately. If he succeeds in selling the infamous firearm, Zimmerman claims he will use the money to fight Black Lives Matter, get revenge on the prosecutor who prosecuted him during his murder trial, and fight against Hillary Clinton. The purchaser is guaranteed validity and authenticity of the firearm. A portion of the proceeds will be used to: fight BLM violence against Law Enforcement officers, ensure the demise of Angela Corey s persecution career and Hillary Clinton s anti-firearm rhetoric. It s not the first time Zimmerman has tried to make money off the murder of Trayvon Martin. He once sold a painting of an American flag for $100,000 on eBay, and conservatives donated thousands of dollars to Zimmerman to help pay his legal expenses.Clearly, this monster has no intention of staying in the shadows of society where he belongs.Featured image via ABC/Wikipedia ",0
6312," CNN Attacks Larry Wilmore, Cancels Appearance For Mentioning Them In Comedy Skit","CNN is slowly slipping off the deep end into the pool of corporate-approved fake news with their latest attack on Larry Wilmore. The comedian gave a bit of a roasting to CNN during the recent White House Correspondents  Dinner, which seemed to raise the ire of company executives. As retaliation towards Wilmore they cancelled an upcoming May 4th appearance on Don Lemon s evening show that Lemon himself set up with Wilmore.Let s look at this in a very pragmatic context for a moment. Larry Wilmore made an absolutely HUGE buzz in the media when he stood on stage next to our first black president and said  Yo, Barry, you did it my nig*a!  There was nobody who wasn t talking about this, and having Wilmore on his show to talk about all this would have been a huge win for Lemon. With all this in mind, you can see how Don Lemon wouldn t have been the one who suddenly cancelled the appearance.No, this was from the faceless executives at CNN who wanted to punish a comedian for taking some arguably light, if well deserved, pokes at their growing joke of a  news  network. There isn t anything Wilmore said which was that serious and hasn t been said before about the network for years now.CNN is here tonight. I ve been watching CNN a long time. Yep. Used to watch it back when it was a news network. I did. What, is it all CNN here tonight?I don t know about you guys, but I can t get enough of that CNN countdown clock. Now we can see exactly when they hit zero in the ratings.Source: Washington PostHe even had a little fun with Don Lemon personally, yet Lemon still invited Wilmore on his own show because he simply got the joke.CNN s excuse for cancelling Wilmore s appearance is that they had to handle the coverage of the Indiana primaries. This was a poor excuse, because the Indiana primaries already ended 24 hours before then. He was never given the offer for a rescheduling either.It s a disturbing precedent to set, especially by one of the big three cable news outlets. Corporate media is becoming more and more consolidated under fewer and fewer owners. If CNN s new policy is to punish individuals who are critical of their increasing bend towards fluff news and false equivalencies, then the last few crumbs of journalistic integrity the network has, as a whole, are about to go completely out the window.Featured image via wikicommons",0
6313, Fox Credits Bush For Obama’s Economic Recovery They Spent 8 Years Saying Didn’t Exist,"After eight years of belly aching from every single Republican about how we have virtually no economic recovery under President Obama, Fox decided that the time has come for Obama to credit   wait for it   George W. Bush for the eight years of recovery we ve had under President Obama.I swear to God, I m not making this up. Just watch the video clip below. Brit Hume gets into it after about one minute. He spends the first minute listing off a litany of Republican talking points they ve used for the past 8 years to prove that no economic recovery existed under President Obama. After this brief tirade, Brit spontaneously shifted personalities and started demanding that President Obama give credit for the economic recovery of the past eight years to Dubya.Brit made the wildly incorrect assertion that because there were signs of recovery before President Obama s economic recovery plan became active, that meant none of his efforts had any effect on the recovery. However, because George W. Bush s smaller bailout packages had already taken effect, they get full credit for fixing the economy. But   and this is the best part   Brit then went on to say that the economy recovered on its own,  because that s what markets do,  and implied that no government assistance was needed at all for it to happen.I know that sounds a bit confusing. It s because it s one of the most reality-free statements made by a Republican in the past eight years.Then there s the unspoken point of Republicans whining for eight years straight about how unfair it is for Obama to tie anything George W. Bush did to the economic conditions during his presidency. They now have decided that there is, in fact, a recovery that exists so now they are rewriting history to say George W. Bush caused it when he wasn t even in office any longer. And that whole part about Dubya not having any effect on Obama s woes? Yeah let s just forget they ever said that.Watch the Fox go completely stupid in two minutes flat below:Featured image via scrapetv",0
6314, Megyn Kelly Leaves Trump Literally Sputtering After Bringing Up His ‘Bimbo’ Comments (VIDEO),"After a very public falling out, Megyn Kelly finally got her chance to sit down for an interview with Donald Trump. Rather than make nice, Kelly seized the opportunity to call out Trump to his face on some of the disgusting things he s said about women (including Kelly) over the years. His reaction was  unexpected.In the midst of Trump s lengthy interview with Kelly, he was asked about the way he disparagingly called women  bimbos.  For once, Trump, whose face went from orange to deep red, was tongue-tied, awkward and  low energy.  He was extremely off his game   and it was cringe worthy to watch.Kelly brought up Trump s Twitter activity, which often features the candidate for   and it s important to keep this in mind  President of the United States passing along messages from his fans that include sexist, racist, or violent remarks. Trump s defense was lame:  You would be surprised at the ones I don t retweet. Kelly persisted:  Bimbo? Uncharacteristically, Trump could only meekly sputter mindlessly. No come back. No counterattack. Just awkward half-formed sentences punctuated by painfully long moments of silence.Watch the moment Megyn Kelly confronted Donald Trump over the  Bimbo  retweets. pic.twitter.com/ysWETO5nFs  Breaking News Feed (@pzf) May 18, 2016Afterwards, Trump seemed to regain some of his more recognizable awfulness. He claimed Kelly must have been called a lot worse than  bimbo  over her lifetime, so she shouldn t be upset when he does it.Kelly s response was pitch perfect:  It s not about me. It s about the messaging   to young girls and to other women. Trump had no response. His message to young girls and to other women is one backed by sexism and objectification. Kelly may have been called worse than  bimbo  over her lifetime, but Trump has certainly said worse, too.Featured image via Twitter",0
6315, The Next Fox News? Why Facebook Is Sucking Up To Conservatives,"Facebook is in the middle of a charm offensive targeted at conservatives, and is hosting a meeting between company founder/CEO Mark Zuckerberg and conservative media figures like Glenn Beck and Fox News host Dana Perino.The meeting is happening just six months before a presidential election and in the first election where social media sites like Facebook (and Twitter) have become more influential than ever.After accusations of anti-conservative bias began to burn Facebook last week, the social media giant quietly reached out to Republican Party leaders to douse the brush fire.It contacted the Republican National Committee, whose chairman, Reince Priebus, had publicly demanded that Facebook  answer for conservative censorship    and the National Republican Senatorial Committee, which had blasted out a fundraising email lumping the ostensibly neutral tech company in with the  liberal media,  according to a GOP source. The National Republican Congressional Committee, the GOP s main House campaign arm, also heard from Facebook, the source added.The firestorm began after a story on the tech site Gizmodo used an anonymous conservative who claimed to be a former Facebook employee as the source for a story alleging that Facebook was excluding conservative news sources from its trending topics area, a valuable source of traffic for news outlets.Soon after the piece came out, Facebook denied the allegations and revealed its internal rules for what sites are featured in trending topics, but the damage has been done.As they have done for years complaining about the  liberal media,  conservatives are now targeting the  liberal bias  at Facebook. Certainly, Zuckerberg appears to personally lean left, and most employees of a modern tech company are not going to be Rush Limbaugh style right-wingers, but the allegation doesn t have much of a leg to stand on. Conservative sites like Fox News have been shown to trend on Facebook.What this ends up being is an influential media outlet who now feels they have to curry favor with the right wing, bending over backwards so that very loud conservatives don t attack them in the same manner they attack the New York Times and MSNBC.Then, as often happens in conservative media, when false stories and lies about the left surface, Facebook will be obligated to trend them and send traffic and aid in the spread of false information   as long as they aren t attacked for  liberal bias. It s an excellent strategy for the right to get what it wants in yet another form of media.Featured image via Flickr",0
6316, Another Win For The NRA: Court Rules That Cities Can’t Protect Themselves From Gun Violence,"If you ve ever thought our government is completely run by the National Rifle Association, your mind won t be changed by this article.A federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled on Monday that any laws that cities or states pass to protect their citizens from gun violence are unconstitutional.The case was about three business partners in Alameda, California, who wanted to open a gun store, but they were denied a zoning permit. The court ruled in the partners  favor, saying that the right to bear arms meant the right to buy arms. If  the right of the people to keep and bear arms  is to have any force, the people must have a right to acquire the very firearms they are entitled to keep and to bear,  wrote Judge Diarmuid F. O Scannlain (a Reagan appointee) for the 2-1 majority, quoting the Second Amendment.  One cannot truly enjoy a constitutionally protected right when the state is permitted to snuff out the means by which he exercises it. All of this makes sense until you realize that cities and states can regulate virtually anything else that s sold. If a city chooses not to allow a bar or a massage parlor, that s their right. It should also be the right of a city to help mitigate crime, and if fewer guns do that, they can ban the sale of guns.Unlike gun manufacturers, though, massage parlors and bars don t have massive lobbying arms to control their every move. These graphs are a couple years old, but little has changed. Most of the NRA s bribery money goes straight into the pockets of Congressmen   236 of them Republican and 25 Democrats.You can bet that it was the NRA who propelled this case to a higher court in the first place.Judge Barry G. Silverman, named to the bench by President Bill Clinton, wrote in dissent, describing the case as  a mundane zoning dispute dressed up as a Second Amendment challenge. Conspicuously missing from this lawsuit is any honest-to-God resident of Alameda County complaining that he or she cannot lawfully buy a gun nearby,  Judge Silverman wrote.The most ridiculous part of this case is that the ordinance that caused the gun store to be turned away doesn t ban gun stores. It simply says they cannot be less than 500 feet from a residence. They wanted to build it 446 feet away.What this means is that as much as Republicans claim to value property rights (and life), when it comes to guns, there are no property rights. If you don t drool over the thought of guns, your right to keep your children away from guns is non-existent because in the United States, it s increasingly becoming guns before people.Featured image by Ethan Miller at Getty Images.",0
6317, Melania Trump: Reporter ‘Provoked’ Anti-Semitic Threats From My Fans,"Donald Trump s wife Melania has made some shocking comments in regards to a barrage of anti-Semitic remarks that Trump supporters directed towards a reporter. After Julia Ioffe did a profile of Mrs. Trump for GQ magazine, her life was threatened and numerous hateful comments were sent her way on social media.Now in an interview, Ms. Trump alleges that Ioffe brought the hate barrage on herself. I don t control my fans,  Melania said in an interview with DuJour.  But I don t agree with what they re doing. I understand what you mean, but there are people out there who maybe went too far. She provoked them. Ioffe, who is Jewish, received calls from people playing Hitler speeches, told that she  should be burned in an oven,   be shot in the head,  and was sent photoshopped images of her in a concentration camp uniform.The Trump campaign has received overt public support from anti-Semites and white power groups who believe that the candidate will further their goals of racial purity. One white nationalist paid for robocalls for Trump s campaign and was recently selected as a Trump delegate for the Republican Convention in Cleveland, only stepping down when national media began reporting the story.In the same interview, Melania Trump claims that Donald Trump is  not Hitler,  but he has pushed rhetoric about tracking and barring Muslims that come right out of the same playbook that Hitler utilized against Jewish people.Trump s rhetoric on Mexicans comes from the same place, calling them criminals and  rapists,  rhetoric which inspired supporters to beat up and urinate on a Latino man in Massachusetts. Those assailants are now headed to prison.Despite the hate from his campaign, Republicans are now stuck with Trump. He turns off many of the voters the party said it needed to be viable nationally, but did enough to blow out all the other nominees. Oh well.Featured image via Flickr",0
6318," J.K. Rowling Defends Trump’s Right To Say What He Wants, Sort Of (VIDEO)","As a writer, especially as a writer who writes controversial (to some Christians) books, J.K. Rowling knows a thing or two about freedom of speech, so I suppose it s not surprising that when asked about it, she defends speech, even if it comes from someone as  offensive and bigoted  as Donald Trump.In a speech at the PEN America literary gala on Monday night, Rowling used her personal distaste for Trump s demagoguery to make a larger case for global freedom to speak.  Now, I find almost everything that Mr. Trump says objectionable. I consider him offensive and bigoted. But he has my full support to come to my country and be offensive and bigoted there,  she said, noting a popular online petition to ban Trump from entering the U.K.  His freedom to speak protects my freedom to call him a bigot. His freedom guarantees mine. The Harry Potter author s comments came after British lawmakers debated banning Trump from local travel for  hate speech. If you seek the removal of freedoms from an opponent simply on the grounds that they have offended you,  she said,  you have crossed a line to stand along tyrants who imprison, torture and kill on exactly the same justification. Source: SlateHere s the video:Rowling told the audience that she has little to complain about when it comes to censorship, but she did regale the story of a Christian who accosted her.  I didn t know  I m praying for you  could be so intimidating,  she said.She was probably underselling it. Her books (and movies) have long been targets for right-wing Christians, who are upset by the occult theme. Some have tried to ban the books from classrooms, and some have succeeded. She even had to defend her books in court.As for Trump, she s not a fan. In December, she posted this, referring to Harry Potter s archenemy, Lord Voldemort, who is sometimes compared to Trump:How horrible. Voldemort was nowhere near as bad. https://t.co/hFO0XmOpPH  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) December 8, 2015However, Rowling loves the freedom of speech much more than she hates Trump, so she s willing to acknowledge that he has the perfect right to say the awful and hateful things that make up his campaign rhetoric.What Trump supporters don t realize, though, is that while I, or Rowling, can defend Trump s freedom of speech, we also have freedom of speech, which means we are free to call him pretty much anything we want. We are also free to call his speech what it is: hate speech. The most important freedom for right now, though, is the freedom to vote against him. Or, as she more eloquently put it,  His freedom to speak protects my freedom to call him a bigot. His freedom guarantees mine. Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
6319, Trump Now Has An EVEN WORSE Excuse For Why He Mocked A Disabled Reporter (VIDEO),"Donald Trump never runs out of new ways to disgust and offend people. Ever since the first day of his presidential campaign, the presumptive Republican nominee has created controversial moment after controversial moment   behavior that has unfortunately won over the hearts of America s most racist, bigoted citizens. However, now that he s beat out all of his conservative rivals and has a more clear view of the White House, he wants America to forget all of the ways he s tarnished his chances of appearing presidential. In a recent interview with The Washington Post, Trump tried to reframe a horrific incident that happened last November, in which he made a disgusting mockery of a New York Times reporter s physical disability. It was a cringe-worthy moment that was heavily circulated, and Trump got rightfully blasted for it after it happened   but now, he s trying to deny it. And as expected, any time Trump tries to defend himself, he only makes it worse. Here s what he said: I would never say anything bad about a person that has a disability. I swear to you it s true, 100 percent true Who would do that to [the] handicapped? I ve spent a lot of money making buildings accessible. Is he serious? For Trump to act like he makes his buildings accessible for people with disabilities is absolutely ludicrous   because that kind of accessibility is required BY LAW. This is also coming from a guy who posted a picture of himself eating a taco bowl to show how much he  loves Hispanics    a particular minority that he has insulted and made racist comments toward during his entire campaign. So obviously, just because Trump s buildings are accessible to people with disabilities, that doesn t mean he wouldn t mock or be prejudiced against them.But it gets worse. The Washington Post also reported that after Trump bragged about how his buildings were so accessible, Trump then satirically reenacted the scene, his arms jerking all around, and said he was trying to show  a guy who grovels    Oh, oh, I didn t say that. I didn t say that.  That was the imitation I was doing. Now  is that a believable story? What an idiot. If you need a refresher, here s the original video where Trump made fun of the reporter. Watch this, and see if you think Trump s latest pathetic excuse for his behavior is  a believable story. Corey Lewankowski, Trump s campaign manager (who physically assaulted a female reporter a few weeks ago) has spoken on Trump s effort to rebrand himself: This is deeply personal for Mr. Trump. He will do anything he can to correct the narrative. He wants to point to specific things that are absolutely false about him and go out and talk about them. Well, he s doing a really shitty job so far.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6320, Crazy Alex Jones Really Thinks ‘Transgender’ Michelle Obama Killed Joan Rivers (VIDEO),"Alex Jones of the right-wing site Infowars is no stranger to insane conspiracy theories, and he has come out with yet another one. It seems that Jones is going after our beautiful first lady again, and this time he is accusing her of hiding a secret transgender past. He also accuses her of murdering Joan Rivers. Too nutty to believe, right? Well not for our friend Mr. Jones.Right Wing Watch posted up a video of Jones acting like a complete lunatic regarding Michelle Obama, and it s too insane even for him. He begins: Don t forget, the famous comedienne Joan Rivers said,  Of course everyone knows she s a tranny.  She s dead serious,  She s a man.  Deader than a doornail in a routine operation where basically she had fire poured down her throat and was a fire-breathing goblin. Dead on arrival. Shoot your mouth off, honey, you will die. So, in other words, this lunatic actually believes that Joan Rivers  death is the result of her knowing that Michelle Obama is transgender, so the first lady had the famously funny lady murdered. But wait it gets even crazier, if you can believe it. Jones continued: I really think   her daughters don t look like her   I really think this is some weird hoax they did again, just like he didn t get sworn in on the Bible, it was the Quran,  Jones continued.  All this weirdness, I mean, I used to laugh at this stuff, but man, it s all about rubbing our noses in it. I think it s all an arranged marriage, it s all completely fake and it s this big sick joke because he s obsessed with transgender, just like some weird cult or something. I think Michelle Obama is a man. I really do. I really do. I believe it. This dude does not belong in the public eye. He belongs in a mental institution if he actually believes this. The Obamas could sue his clearly crazy ass for slander, but why bother? The guy is clearly unhinged. It s a shame that today s incarnation of the GOP is crazy enough to believe this shit, and in the age of the interwebs, anyone can have a platform to spread whatever brand of hate and nutbaggery they like, including bashit insane conspiracy theorists like Alex Jones.Someone get this man some help, STAT, before he goes off and does something really nuts.Watch the clip below, via Right Wing Watch:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6321, Racist Cowards Nearly Beat Black Ex-Marine To Death In Wyoming,"Clayton Denny is a former U.S. Marine who moved to Sheridan, Wyoming in August to work as a personal trainer and exercise coach. After a bike ride through town on Saturday evening, Clayton decided to cap off his night with a visit to a local bar known as the Beaver Creek Saloon.While there, he overheard Jacob Olson, 26, and Dylan Dygert, 21, say a racial slur. Denny, who is of African-American and Chippewa Cree descent, approached the two men to confront them about it.All seemed to be going well as Denny shook hands with one of the men. But then something changed as the encounter became more heated. The bartender ordered them to take the argument outside. The trio resumed their argument in an alley. Denny turned and walked away and that s when Olson and Dygert attacked. A push, white flash, bits and pieces of pain,  Denny recalled about what happened. Dygert and Olson pushed Denny to the ground and began kicking and punching him while yelling racial epithets at him. They beat him so badly that Denny thought he might die.Even Olson believed he may have left Denny for dead as a witness told police that Olson told someone on the phone that he may have killed someone.Aside from scratches, bruises, and cuts, Denny suffered a broken orbital bone, which he would need surgery for in order to drain fluid and clean out an infection. He also suffered two swollen eyes, multiple cuts on his head that had to be stapled, and a concussion.Olson and Dygert have both been arrested by Sheridan police and are being held on $20,000 bond.Of course, they claimed they only attacked and viciously beat Denny in self defense. However, they didn t know that the incident had been caught on video, which clearly showed that Olson and Dygert went after Denny after he had already turned and walked away from them. In other words, Denny wasn t a threat and Olson and Dygert lied to police in an effort to save their racist asses.Both men face 10 years in prison for the racist attack and hate crime charges are being considered by the County Attorney s Office. And if they don t charge them with a hate crime, the Department Of Justice should do it for them.But due to this disgusting attack, Denny says he and his girlfriend have received tremendous support from the Sheridan community. I do want people to know that the community of Sheridan has been awesome. We ve had people stopping by all weekend and all week, just saying, you know  giving their condolences and helping us out. It sounds like Denny has all the support he needs to get through this ordeal. Let s just hope Olson and Dygert use their time in prison wisely to think about what they did and learn from it.Featured Image: Billings Gazette",0
6322, WATCH: Samantha Bee STOMPS Conservative ‘Christians’ Using Their Own History,"In a glorious segment of Full Frontal on Monday, host Samantha Bee took aim at the religious right-wing movement and absolutely destroyed her target.After taking a brief shot at Ted Cruz and his failed quest to capture the evangelical vote that came out overwhelmingly for the  thrice married foulmouthed tit judge who likes Planned Parenthood and thinks Corinthians is a type of car upholstery,  Donald Trump instead, Bee explored how the religious right took over the Republican Party.It all began 50 years after humiliating evangelical failures to ban alcohol during Prohibition and to defeat the science of evolution during the Scope s monkey trial. Bee played a video of Christians condemning involvement in politics. And then something happened in the early 1970s when Heritage Foundation co-founder Paul Weyrich called upon the Republican Party to reach out to conservative  Christians,  whom political Morton Blackwell describing as  virgin timber on the political landscape. Well, technically virgin, if you don t count butt stuff,  Bee quipped.Bee then explained that it was a court case that pushed evangelicals to get involved in politics during the early 1970s. However, she was quick to point out that the case wasn t Roe v. Wade.In 1971, Bob Jones University, whose  Christian  founder once declared that  if you are against segregation and against racial separation, then you are against God,  claimed it had a sincere religious belief against interracial dating so strong that the school refused to accept black students unless they were already married. This violated IRS regulations so the IRS informed the school that it would lose its tax-exempt status. The school retaliated by filing a lawsuit which they would finally lose in 1983 when the Supreme Court sided with the IRS. Bob Jones University would not allow interracial dating for another 17 years until the restriction became so embarrassing they struck it down in 2000.Evangelicals looked around for another issue to use as a rallying cry and decided to focus on abortion while also trying to establish school prayer while trying to get rid of sex education.Bee then issued a disclaimer: Please understand when I say the religious right, I m not talking about people of faith   hashtag #NotAllChristians   but a political movement to harness voting evangelicals to the conservative Republican cause. When Bee resumed her epic history of the religious right, she noted that evangelicals abandoned Jimmy Carter,  the devout baptist farmer who taught Sunday school and helped the poor,  and threw their support behind a  divorced movie star who hung out with Hollywood Jews, sinners, and believers in evolution.  That man was Ronald Reagan. The year was 1980.And that led to a video of Reagan attending a sermon by televangelist James Robison in which he smeared liberals as perverted communists.According to Bee, that s when  the Christian Right and the Republican Party locked eyes and leaned in for their sloppy 35-year tongue kiss. She went on to point out that the GOP s 1972 platform  didn t contain a single reference to God of religious issues. Bee showed a list. which featured the GOP elephant mascot being raped from behind by a cross, of all the issues Republicans now focus on to please their evangelicals masters, which includes opposition to same-sex marriage and abortion.  I hope they sanded that,  Bee said of the cross as the audience laughed.During the final stretch of the segment, Bee pointed out that evangelicals have been losing ground for the last 15 years, especially on the issue of LGBT rights, which is why they have gone full circle by focusing once again on their racist roots by supporting Donald Trump.Here s the video via YouTube.Of course, the rise of the Christian Right as the base of the Republican Party will also be the GOP s downfall as their base gets older and dies off. Donald Trump appears to be their last desperate gasp to hold on to whatever political relevance they once had. But in order for the religious right to lose that effort, Americans needs to vote in November to overwhelmingly reject Trump, his evangelical supporters, and everything they represent.Featured image via screenshot",0
6323, Noam Chomsky Warns Americans: The GOP Is ‘The Most Dangerous Organization In Human History’ (VIDEO),"Noam Chomsky desperately wants America to wake up and see how destructive Republican values are to the future of this country.In an interview with DemocracyNow, the world-renowned political theorist didn t mince his words when he said the GOP could very well be  the most dangerous organization in human history.  When DemocracyNow s Amy Goodman asked Chomsky what he thought about Donald Trump s unexpected rise as the presumptive Republican nominee, Chomsky explained that the Trump phenomenon was simply an  extreme version of something that s been going on just for years in the Republican primaries. Every time a candidate came up from the base Bachmann, McCain, Santorum, Huckabee, one crazier than the other every time one rose from the base, the Republican establishment sought to beat them down and get their own get their own man you know, Romney. And they succeeded, until this year. This year the same thing happened, and they didn t succeed. The pressure from the base was too great for them to beat it back. Chomsky expertly pointed out that this kind of extremism could be traced all the way back to  the Reagan administration, and that today s Republicans have taken the party s close-minded values to an entirely different level. This has been going on for a generation. And while this has been happening, there s a kind of a vicious cycle. You have more concentration of wealth, concentration of political power, legislation to increase concentration of wealth and power, and so on. [T]he parties have shifted so far to the right that the   today s mainstream Democrats are pretty much what used to be called moderate Republicans. Now, the Republicans are just off the spectrum. Making sure to highlight just how important this election is, and what dire consequences America might be faced with under a Republican president (like Donald Trump), Chomsky told Goodman that today s GOPers are so ignorant, they re basically making it their mission to make the future worse for everyone who has to live in it: [T]he fact of the matter is that today s Republican Party qualify as candidates for the most dangerous organization in human history. Just take their position on the two major issues that face us: climate change, nuclear war. On climate change, it s not even debatable. They re saying,  Let s race to the precipice. Let s make sure that our grandchildren have the worst possible life. Chomsky also noted that the GOP s call for  increased militarization  when it came to nuclear war was something that needed to be confronted, ASAP. He said, There s been nothing this literally, this dangerous, if you think about it, to the species, really, ever. We should face that. Chomsky s comments are dead on   the Republican party has never been more anti-humanity than it is right now. One of the most vile, racist, misogynistic, ignorant members of society is now the GOP s presumptive nominee, and the rest of the party continues to threaten the human rights of minorities, women and the LGBT community on a daily basis. This is a party that is blinded by ignorance and cannot move forward, but is hellbent on making life worse for the rest of us. Their fear-mongering and rhetoric is dangerous, and now it is threatening to destroy the country. And thanks to decades of these horrific attitudes, a racist reality television star is competing for the White House. It is a f*cking disgrace.You can listen to Chomsky call out the GOP at the 17-minute mark in the video below:Featured image via William B. Plowman, Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / Getty Images",0
6324, Conservative Christian Running For Congress Shares Screenshot With Porn Tabs Open (IMAGES),"Mike Webb is a conservative Christian who is running for office in the hopes that he can represent Virginia s 8th district in the United States House of Representatives as an Independent. Just days after Webb s announcement, his career may already be over due to a careless screenshot that he took and posted to his campaign s Facebook. That s because Webb accidentally left a couple of porn sites open in his browser which can be seen in the image he shared.Here s the screenshot that Webb shared:Here s a closer look at the screenshot:The story gets even more hilarious, considering that Webb was already involved in another controversy. Webb had failed to file his FEC report on time, which he claims that he could not do because of a virus that had infected his computer.The post has been up for 11 hours at the time of this writing. Since Webb posted the screenshot, he has made two more posts to his Facebook page. In the first one, he writes a very long letter of condemnation towards those mocking him. He begins the post by writing,  SEE HOW DIRTY YOU ARE? In the post, Webb writes after that one is far more bizarre. He begins the post by saying  THANKS FOR THE TAB CHECK, RANGER BUDDIES!  This is followed by a Bible verse: For the Lord is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations.  Psalm 100:5The post is accompanied with a screenshot that shows his page s reach. That s because he is proud of the negative attention he has received. Webb goes on to write that the  the Lord  has lifted him up. Apparently, in Webb s mind Jesus has the same mentality as a public relations agent who holds true to the theory that no publicity is bad publicity.Featured image from screenshot via Mike Webb s campaign site",0
6325, Trump Abruptly Cancels Interview For An EXTREMELY Racist Reason,"Donald Trump might be desperately trying to win over the Latino vote with his false claims that he  loves Hispanics,  but he s going to have a really hard time   especially when he continues to expose himself as a racist in his everyday interactions.On Monday, Trump s campaign cancelled an interview with freelance journalist Marcos Stupenengo at the very last minute. Stupenengo, who is originally from Argentina, was already in the Trump Tower and had gotten the campaign s approval to do the interview with Trump for TV Azteca. While he was waiting for Trump, Stupenengo took a phone call and was heard talking in Spanish. Nearly as soon as the words came out of Stupenengo s mouth, the Trump campaign did a complete 180 and turned him away. According to a Buzzfeed report: But as he waited to conduct the interview, Stupenengo received a call, and began speaking in Spanish. That s when the Trump campaign informed him they had no interest in taking part in an interview with him, according to a source with knowledge of the incident. Once Trump s campaign decided to cut the interview, one of Trump s Secret Service agents was forced to tell Stupenengo that he had to leave. The agent apologized to Stupenengo, and said that he  didn t know what was happening. When Buzzfeed reached out to Stupenengo, the journalist s comments were short: I can say that after 13 years of journalism worse things have happened to me. Team Trump is actually lying through their teeth and denying that this incident ever happened. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said: There was no interview scheduled. We do not know this individual or anything about the alleged situation. Stupenengo isn t the only Spanish-speaking reporter that has been shunned by Trump. Last August, Trump kicked Univision s Jorge Ramos out of a press conference, telling him to  Go back to Univision. Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images",0
6326, Democrats Are Spending MILLIONS To Destroy Trump With These 2 Ads (VIDEO),"Democrats are days away from launching a multi-million dollar advertising campaign designed to completely destroy Donald Trump and render him impotent in the general election. The organization leading the charge will be Priorities USA, the Super PAC that backed President Obama s re-election campaign in 2012.The original plan was reportedly to start releasing ads after the California primary, but now the timetable has been moved up.Priorities USA will spend $6 million on ads between May 18 and June 8, hitting Trump in Ohio, Florida, Virginia and Nevada, all general election battleground states. The ads will try to do what no Republican could: Take down the businessman who beat a scrum of veteran politicians to all-but-win the Republican nomination. Respect  is a more traditional ad, highlighting Trump s divisive speech, including his campaign rallies where he has gone after minorities, women, and Muslims among others. Speak  showcases Trump s anti-woman comments, many of them from his appearances on shock jock Howard Stern s radio show. In the ad women are shown, sometimes with their families, mouthing along with Trump.Guy Cecil, the Clinton campaign veteran who runs the super PAC, appeared on MSNBC s The Rachel Maddow Show to debut the ads. He explained that while ads in the Republican primary had not stopped Trump, the effort began far too late in the process and often Republicans had been far too reluctant to go after the candidate.Priorities USA, in addition to its own focus groups and research, has also been using the Republican primary as a testing ground for what has and hasn t worked against Trump in the hopes of hitting on the winning formula that will hurt him as much as a similar campaign did against Mitt Romney in 2012.The group reportedly plans to spend at least $130 million in advertising over the next six months.Featured image via YouTube",0
6327, WATCH: Angelina Jolie BLASTS Donald Trump’s Hate Speech,"Superstar actress and international humanitarian Angelina Jolie spoke out about Donald Trump s hateful speech that is the central premise of his entire presidential campaign. Speaking at an event in London organized by the BBC about the ongoing Syrian migration crisis, Jolie was asked to respond to Trump s comments on Muslims.Trump has said that if elected president he would enact a ban on Muslim migration to the United States and would also consider a program to track Muslims within the country.The very idea repulsed Jolie:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_juLMpLPORw To me, America is built on people from around the world coming together for freedoms, especially freedom of religion. So it s hard to hear this is coming from someone who is pressing to be an American president. Jolie has served for several years as Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Unlike a lot of celebrities who just talk about global issues, she has actually gone to inhospitable areas including war zones, using the intense media spotlight on her to get coverage of humanitarian and social crises.She recently visited Syrian families currently settled in Lebanon, and asked world leaders to step up and do more to help these people who are innocent victims of the ongoing Syrian civil war.When President Obama announced that the United States would pursue strategies to admit more refugees, several Republican leaders panicked. Some in Congress sought to pass legislation barring refugees while some Republican governors announced that they would not allow refugees into their states   but it isn t up to them, and they actually don t have any legal recourse to block refugees from coming in to America.Jolie also addressed this unwarranted fear at her event today as well, noting: Fear of uncontrolled migration has eroded public confidence and the ability of governments and international institutions to control the situation. It has given space to a false air of legitimacy to those who promote politics of fear and separation. Featured image via Twitter",0
6328, Non-Transgender Woman Harassed In Bathroom After Donating Hair To Cancer Patients (VIDEO),"The atmosphere created by conservatives and their anti-transgender witch hunt is becoming more and more apparent by the day. The trend started by North Carolina, with Texas in the process of following suit, is to restrict bathrooms to  gender at birth.  In other words, a transgender woman with double-dee breasts who is wearing a miniskirt would be required to subject herself to harassment by going into the men s room to do her makeup. To most, this is not in any way reasonable. As someone who identifies as a woman, she belongs where she is most comfortable: the women s restroom. But to the uneducated, unwashed religious bigots in our country, she should have to live her life in a constant state of discomfort.But the hysteria has reached a point that even cisgender (biological women who identify as women) must worry about the backlash when one of God s Chosen Imbeciles decides they don t look feminine enough. One such woman is Aimee Toms, who was recently rudely informed that she doesn t belong in the women s restroom. Why?Toms was minding her own business, simply washing her hands at a Walmart in Danbury, Connecticut on Friday when another woman approached her and informed her  You re disgusting!  and  You don t belong here! At the time, Toms was wearing a baseball cap and had very short hair, so she says she can understand why someone might think she is transgender. While her appearance doesn t matter one iota, the reason her hair was short at the time will make the bigot she encountered feel very, very stupid. In a video she posted online, she informed her new hater: Do you know why my hair is so short? In January, I made my third donation to Pantene s Beautiful Lengths Program. Do you know what they do? They take hair donations and they make them into wigs and they give them to cancer patients free of cost. Now, I am damn happy to rock a pixie cut if some kid gets my hair and gets to wear it. And that s worth it to me.You know what isn t worth it? Being discriminated against in a bathroom by some fucking asshole who thinks they have a right to decide what gender I am and that they have a right to judge me for it. After experiencing the discrimination they face firsthand, I cannot fathom the discrimination transgender people must face in a lifetime,  she says.  Can you imagine going out every day and having people tell you you should not be who you are or that people will not accept you as who you are? At this point, the hate is getting ridiculous. Most people have used a restroom with someone who is transgender at some point in their lives without noticing. If daytime talk shows are any indicator, there is a hefty supply of men who have had sexual relations with a woman who happens to have a penis   and they didn t give a flying f*ck at the time. People are people. Transgender people are people who happen to have been born into the  wrong body,  so to speak. There is no harm in a society allowing people to simply be who they are without fear of reprisals. Unfortunately, the American Right disagrees because reasons.Watch Toms lay the smackdown on the haters below:https://www.facebook.com/never.shout.aimee/videos/vb.1473214698/10206543775341127/?type=3&theaterFeatured image via Newstimes",0
6329, Elizabeth Warren Delivers A MAJOR ‘F*ck You’ To Trump In Grad Speech (VIDEO),"Since the beginning of Donald Trump s terrible offensive and divisive campaign, Elizabeth Warren has been one of the only politicians with enough balls to stand up to the presumptive Republican nominee and call him out on his bullsh*t. She s proven that Trump basically crumbles whenever a strong woman goes up against him, and her most recent anti-Trump comments show just how capable she is in taking The Donald on.In a commencement address at Bridgewater State University, Warren hilariously mocked Trump once again, clearly following in President Obama s footsteps after he blasted Trump in a recent graduation speech at Rutgers University. After telling the graduating class to  sing like no one is listening and dance like no one is watching,  the Massachusetts senator gave them some more applicable advice   be ready for anything, because you never know what life has in store for you. Poking fun at the orange-skinned business mogul, Warren said: Heck, on my day of graduation, I never imagined I would visit foreign countries. I never imagined I would be a commencement speaker. I never imagined I would get into a Twitter war with Donald Trump. But here I am, living the life! You can watch that hilarious moment in Warren s speech below:The crowd couldn t get enough and gave Warren a deafening applause for her efforts in being one of the few people tough enough to try and bring the disgraced candidate down. Warren also gave the graduating class some advice about dealing with  naysayers  who  these days, say it in nastier and nastier ways.  Pulling from some amazing pop culture references, Warren said: As one of the great philosophers of our time has said,  Haters going to hate, hate, hate hate, hate.  Knowing who you are helps you  Shake It Off.  (applause) Okay, I promised I wouldn t sing, and I definitely can t dance like Britney Spears. It was an amazing speech, and the fact that it came at Trump s expense made it so much better. After the commencement, Warren continued to insult Trump as she spoke to reporters. She said: I think that Donald Trump is a truly dangerous man and there is some risk that he could be president of the United States. I think it s time for all of us to pay careful attention to him and to the issues that he has raised and to start fighting back. Warren also continued to tease us with the idea of ticketing up with the chosen Democratic nominee. She wouldn t give a straight answer on whether or not she would run for vice president if offered the job, but said, I have a job I love and I wake up every morning eager to do that. It s uncertain if Warren will end up on the ticket, but she s definitely proven time and time again that she can handle Trump s nonsense with ease, and that makes her an even greater asset to the Democratic nominee.Featured image is a screenshot",0
6330, Texas Republicans Adopt Astonishingly Extreme Party Platform,"Perhaps it s time to build a wall around Texas and let it fail as a country separate from the United States, because the Republican Party platform in the state is by far one of the most hateful and anti-American platforms ever produced in this country.The main theme of the Texas Republican platform this year is nullification and destruction of everything they oppose, including women s rights, ethnic diversity, comprehensive sex education, LGBT rights, the separation of church and state, voting rights, and the federal government.Right off the bat, Texas Republicans began their platform document with a preamble pledging their belief in God and and went on to list adherence to  the laws of nature  as a principle   even though the Constitution makes no such references.But it only got worse from there.Texas Republicans openly called for nullifying federal laws and ignoring the rulings of federal courts:Federally mandated legislation, which infringes upon the 10th Amendment rights of Texas, should be ignored, opposed, refused, and nullified. Regulation of Commerce in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution has exceeded the original intent. All attempts by the federal judiciary to rule in areas not expressly enumerated by the Untied States Constitution should be likewise nullified. Any federal enforcement activities that do occur in Texas should be conducted under the authority of the county sheriff.They openly called for eliminating several critical federal agencies which handle labor unions, healthcare, tax revenue collection, and illegal drugs and firearms:We oppose the appointment of unelected bureaucrats and we support defunding and abolishing the departments or agencies of the Internal Revenue Service, Education, Energy, Housing and Urban Development, Commerce, Health and Human Services, Labor, and Interior (specifically, the Bureau of Land Management), Transportation Security Administration, Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and National Labor Relations Board.They also rejected environmental protection and called climate change a scam:We oppose environmentalism that obstructs legitimate business interests and private property use, including the regulatory taking of property by governmental agencies. We oppose the abuse of the Endangered Species Act to confiscate and limit the use of personal property and infringement on property owner s livelihood.  Climate Change  is a political agenda promoted to control every aspect of our lives. We support the defunding of  climate justice  initiatives and the abolition of the Environmental Protection Agency and repeal of the Endangered Species Act.They then called on Congress to repeal the Voting Rights Act:We urge that the Voter Rights Act of 1965, codified and updated in 1973, be repealed and not reauthorized.In addition, Texas Republicans included opposition to same-sex marriage in their platform by calling for the Supreme Court ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges to be overturned while also declaring the definition of marriage  as a God-ordained, legal and moral commitment only between one natural man and one natural woman. The platform condemned homosexuality by claiming that it goes against  God s law  and the Constitution and also declared support of controversial ex-gay therapy.Texas Republicans were especially hostile toward a woman s right to choose, calling on the Texas state government to ignore Roe v. Wade and any federal laws and regulations making abortion legal and accessible. In short, Texas Republicans want to outlaw abortion even if it s constitutionally protected.The Texas GOP also expressed opposition to Social Security, which it called for  phasing out,  and called for making Medicaid a temporary program only.Education wasn t left untouched either. Texas Republicans not only called for teaching creationism in school, they condemned comprehensive sex education that could actually reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies that result in abortions in the first place.Texas Republicans are also all about forcing minorities to  assimilate  into their version of American culture and forcing immigrants to learn and speak English so that they can  quickly assimilate. You can read the full platform here.It s time for Texas to be thrown out of the United States. The state no longer shares the values America has held dear for so long. Because of Republican majorities, the state has become an embarrassment that will likely continue as long as the GOP continues to strip away voting rights from people they see as a threat to their power.And it would only be a matter of time before Texas comes crawling back as they realize there is more to becoming an independent nation than simply seceding. If Texas really wants to nullify federal law and go it alone, I say let them go. At least that would deprive Republicans of the 38 electoral votes Texas holds in presidential elections. And it would save the federal government billions of dollars while sparing the rest of the nation from dealing with Texas  stupidity.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6331," John Oliver Issues Formal Invitation To Trump’s Make-Believe Publicist, And It’s Brilliant (VIDEO)","Finding out Donald Trump was his own publicist in the 1990s, but yet now denies it, is pretty much a gift wrapped in one of those giant Lexus car bows to comedy writers everywhere. He s making the job almost too easy because the content writes itself.With a new take on the whole thing was the team over at Last Week Tonight with John Oliver. They absolutely pummeled Trump and his alter ego  John Miller  during Sunday night s broadcast.After they played the clip of  Miller  speaking of all the women who want to have sex with Trump, including Madonna, Oliver said: Much like his candidacy, that claim is sad but not implausible. Remember, there were rumors that in the  90s, Madonna got together with Vanilla Ice, Jose Canseco, and Willem Dafoe. And what is Donald Trump if not the authenticity of a Vanilla Ice, the likability of Jose Canseco and the terrifying facial expressions of Willem Dafoe? Very, VERY true.Oliver also points out that Trump himself stated in the 1990s that the person on the call wasn t  John Miller,  but rather himself, and he claimed that it was all a joke. Which would be fine, and the issue would be settled if not for the fact that Trump has now reversed that claim and stated the person on the call now isn t him.So, to settle this issue once and for all, Oliver has now extended an invitation for  John Miller  to appear on Last Week Tonight to be interviewed. Not Trump,  Miller. Although, the chances of  Miller  showing up aren t very likely considering he doesn t exist.Watch the whole segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6332, Republicans’ Benghazi Witch Hunt Just Went Up In Flames Thanks To Their Own Lawyer,"Unless you re an idiot, you know that while the terrorist attacks in Benghazi were a tragedy, neither Barack Obama nor Hillary Clinton were at fault for the attacks. Of course, Republicans have never exactly been the sharpest knives in the kitchen. For years, the Right has been waging a desperate war on Clinton, Obama, and sanity with their asinine Benghazi investigations. All across conservative media, we hear that Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, or both murdered four patriots with their bare hands while blaspheming God s name and murdering babies (or something; it s hard to understand what they are talking about at times).The Republican Benghazi  scandal  has been slowly going up in flames for quite some time now, but a letter from Trey Gowdy s former counsel has completely decimated any hope they have of getting anything useful out of the millions and millions of taxpayer dollars they wasted on this senseless exercise. Nevertheless, Republicans continue to claim that Obama and Clinton prevented the military from taking action that would have saved the lives of the Americans who died in the attacks. This is the drumbeat to which Republicans have goose-stepped as they attempted to railroad the Obama Administration in court   but as much as they try to deny it, reality is a thing. Even more unfortunately for Republicans, their own former counsel in the matter was very clear that no one did anything wrong.On May 16, Rep. Elijah Cummings, the voice of reason in this mess, sent a letter to Gowdy to remind him that his own attorney disputed many of the GOP s claims:Unfortunately, your letter failed to include any statements from your own former Republican Chief Counsel a retired three-star general with more than 33 years of service in the United States Army who repeatedly commended the military s actions on the night of the attacks during closed interviews with Defense Department officials.For example, on January 8, 2016, the Select Committee conducted a transcribed interview with former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta. During that interview, your former Chief Counsel stated:I think you ordered exactly the right forces to move out and to head toward a position where they could reinforce what was occurring in Benghazi or in Tripoli or elsewhere in the region. And, sir, I don t disagree with the actions you took, the recommendations you made, and the decisions you directed.Gowdy s former counsel also acknowledged that it was impossible, given time and distances, for military forces to arrive fast enough to make a difference:Your former Chief Counsel acknowledged that it is clear from the time and distances involved that none of the military forces could have gotten to Benghazi in time to save lives.He stated:And, again, sir, I don t mean to suggest that anything could have been done differently to affect the outcome in Benghazi, and I think you would agree with that.But most importantly, there was nothing that could be done at all:In addition, on January 13, 2016, the Select Committee conducted a transcribed interview with the Defense Department s former Chief of Staff, Jeremy Bash. During that interview, your former Republican Chief Counsel stated:I would posit that from my perspective, having looked at all the materials over the last 18 months, we could not have affected the response to what occurred by 5: 15 in the morning on the 12th of September if Benghazi, Libya. So let me start with that positing or that stipulation.Your former Chief Counsel also stated:I don t see any way to influence what occurred there. But what I am worried about is we re caught by surprise On 9/11, we ve got nothing postured to respond in a timely manner and you can debate what s timely, what s untimely, but nothing could have affected what occurred in Benghazi. The conclusions of your former Republican Chief Counsel match almost exactly the findings from more than two years ago of the House Committee on Armed Services, which conducted its own investigation into the attacks in Benghazi,  Cummings wrote, noting that Rep. Buck McKeon, the Republican Chairman of the Committee who led the investigation at the time, was satisfied that  given where the troops were, how quickly the thing all happened and how quickly it dissipated, we probably couldn t have done more than we did. There you have it. Barack Obama killed no one. Hillary Clinton killed no one. If anything, Republicans are trying to distract from their own responsibility in the matter. ThinkProgress reported in 2012 that Republicans had cut funding for embassy security because defending Americans abroad was not a  priority :For fiscal 2013, the GOP-controlled House proposed spending $1.934 billion for the State Department s Worldwide Security Protection program   well below the $2.15 billion requested by the Obama administration. House Republicans cut the administration s request for embassy security funding by $128 million in fiscal 2011 and $331 million in fiscal 2012 .[In 2011] Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that Republicans  proposed cuts to her department would be  detrimental to America s national security    a charge Republicans rejected.[GOP vice presidential nominee Paul] Ryan, [Rep. Darrell] Issa and other House Republicans voted for an amendment in 2009 to cut $1.2 billion from State operations, including funds for 300 more diplomatic security positions. Under Ryan s budget, non-defense discretionary spending, which includes State Department funding, would be slashed nearly 20 percent in 2014, which would translate to more than $400 million in additional cuts to embassy security.These cuts occurred, of course, not long before the deadly attacks the GOP is so desperate to pin on their favorite enemies.Go figure.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/Getty Images (Eric Thayer)",0
6333, Jimmy Kimmel Joins The Ladies Of ‘The View’ To Rip Trump To Shreds Over His ‘Publicist’ (VIDEO),"Ever since we ve heard the news of Donald Trump and his  publicist  John Miller, a character he seemingly created to brag about himself, pretty much anyone and everyone has been making fun of him for it, because it s pretty damn hilarious.Making an appearance on The View,  comedian and television host Jimmy Kimmel was no exception. He, alongside the ladies of The View took Trump to task sarcastically and brilliantly bringing the real estate mogul down a few pegs.After Whoopi Goldberg asks Kimmel about the allegations surrounding Trump posing as his own publicist, Kimmel said: If Trump says that wasn t him, we have no choice but to believe him. He s never lied to us before. You could see and feel the sarcasm oozing out of the television.Kimmel adds: It s clearly him. He then suggests that Trump should just admit it was him and say it was a prank call.When asked why Trump would do such a thing and then deny it, Kimmel explained he s probably incredibly embarrassed. Why would he lie about it? Listen, if you were calling People magazine and telling them all the women that wanted to have sex with you, I think you would be embarrassed about it too, right? Kimmel also states that Madonna was allegedly one of the women, and that as vice president this is one of the big questions he will tackle.The worst part about all of this, is that this is clearly is a distraction away from the fact that Trump has no actual policy plans and isn t at all qualified for the job of Commander-in-Chief. A fact that needs to be discussed far more often.Watch the interview here:What does @JimmyKimmel have to say about Trump denying he s his own publicist?  He s never lied to us before!  https://t.co/sC9ioe1l4t  The View (@TheView) May 16, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6334," These Are Hillary Clinton’s Five VP Choices, And They Are All Excellent","As Hillary Clinton looks forward to the general election, her shortlist for prospective vice presidential candidates has narrowed to just five, consisting of some of the most progressive figures in Washington and beyond.If Clinton wants so pick up some of the die-hard Bernie Sanders supporters, some of whom have pledged not to vote for the former Secretary of State, she will need to match her moderate-to-progressive image with a full on liberal progressive by her side.While Sanders does not make the list, progressive firebrand Elizabeth Warren makes the list, along with:All candidates show absolute tactics   besides Warren and Perez, each candidate comes from a swing state paramount to Democrats clinching a victory. No president in modern America has won without carrying Ohio, which would explain having Sherrod Brown on the ticket (and he s a solid progressive). Kaine and Hickenlooper also come from must win states for Clinton and the Democrats, while Perez (who is Hispanic and speaks fluent Spanish), would help drive out the Hispanic and Latino vote.Warren would undoubtedly bring in Sanders  core base of support   young, white, liberal and Independent.The only trouble with picking Brown or Warren would be that their respective states have Republican governors, which would hurt Democrats  chance of taking back the Senate.While Donald Trump has Sarah Palin on his shortlist (along with the hated Chris Christie and Ted Cruz), Clinton has found herself a diverse group of liberals who have fought hard for worker s rights and minority rights.Outlets speculated for months that Donald Trump should pick Governor Susana Martinez or former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice should he want to repair his broken image with women and minority voters. But, in typical Trump form, he decided to do the opposite and go with a band of moronic ideologues. Marco Rubio is on his short list, but even Hispanic and Latino don t like him, and women certainly hate Sarah Palin. His never ending pandering isn t getting him anywhere with the voting blocs that matter.Featured image via John Sommers/Getty Images",0
6335, Right-Wing Pastor Calls Upon Christians To Die Fighting Transgender Equality,"In response to the Department of Justice s guidelines preventing school officials from demanding that students prove their gender identity to use a restroom, Franklin Graham took to Facebook to whine and call upon Christians to die fighting transgender protections and President Obama.Graham, also known as Billy Graham s demon spawn, posted a lengthy message on his Facebook page on Sunday night asking conservative Christians to  take a bullet  for their beliefs instead of following the law. What would you take a bullet for?  Graham asked.  What are the principles and beliefs that you would not compromise under any circumstances? Even if it meant putting your life on the line? And of course, that led into a Bible story featuring Christians martyring themselves.King Nebuchadnezzar who reigned over Babylon issued a decree that everyone worship the golden image he had made. Three men who knew the one true and living God, refused to worship the king s idol their names were Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. The king told them,  But if you do not worship, you shall be cast immediately into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.  Here is their bold reply: O Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to answer you in this matter. If that is the case, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and He will deliver us from your hand, O king. But if not, let it be known to you, O king, that we do not serve your gods, nor will we worship the gold image which you have set up  (Daniel 3:16-18).Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego stood firm in obedience and faithfulness. They stood up for God s truth. They stood up for their faith, and they didn t waiver, even when it meant putting their very lives at risk.And finally, Graham concluded by asking Christians to martyr themselves now.I want to call on every Christian and every pastor to stand firm like these patriarchs of old and not bow to the secular, increasingly godless culture in which we live even when (not if) we re criticized, mocked, and labeled intolerant. The God of the Old Testament that delivered Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego from their fiery execution is the same God today and He is still more than able to save. Will you stand against ungodliness? What are you willing to take a bullet for?Here s the full post via Facebook.This kind of rhetoric sounds awfully familiar, doesn t it? Oh yeah, it s what Islamic extremists tell their followers right before they strap bombs to their bodies and blow themselves up in the name of Allah. Except this time, it s an old white male  Christian  leader saying it to Christians in America, proving once again that fundamentalist Christians are exactly the same as their Islamic counterparts.Featured image YouTube",0
6336," Sorry, GOP: This Economic Powerhouse Just Got 99% Of Its Energy From Renewable Energy","Republicans have pessimistically said it can t be done, that renewable energy can t do for us what oil, gas, and coal have done for generations.But Germany just put Republicans in their place and proved that clean energy can do just that if given the chance.On Sunday, Chancellor Angela Merkel had good reason to celebrate as renewable energy sources provided nearly 100 percent of the nation s energy needs for the first time.According to Bloomberg:Solar and wind power peaked at 2 p.m. local time on Sunday, allowing renewables to supply 45.5 gigawatts as demand was 45.8 gigawatts, according to provisional data by Agora Energiewende, a research institute in Berlin. Power prices turned negative during several 15-minute periods yesterday, dropping as low as minus 50 euros ($57) a megawatt-hour In other words, clean energy saved people lots of money on their electricity bills on several occasions on Sunday and proved that it is possible to replace conventional energy sources with renewable energy sources.If you take a look at the graph below, you will see that solar power, as represented in yellow, surged to hit the red line, which represents the electricity consumption of the population. For that one shining brief period, clean energy surpassed the conventional sources and embarrassed every single Republican who has scoffed at the prospect of clean energy in the United States.Just imagine if clean energy did this here. Imagine if we actually put our full effort and focus into developing a clean energy infrastructure, we could watch as our electric bills shrink and our dependence on fossil fuels disappears. It would save us money and help save the planet at the same time.But that s assuming Republicans jump on board the clean energy train instead of continuing to be shills for oil and coal companies while claiming that God will save the planet.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6337," Dipsh*t Adjusts Gun He Was Hiding In His SOCK Shoots Himself, Stranger At Graduation Ceremony","Millions of Americans across the country have concealed carry permits that allow them to carry their guns with them almost everywhere they go. The vast majority of these people, including my brother, have the common sense to purchase holsters to place their deadly weapons in; but then we have dumbasses like the one in Augusta, Kansas who thought, I don t need no stinkin holster! I ve got a perfectly good sock!  As you can imagine, this isn t going to end well.Two people were hurt in an  accidental  shooting at Augusta High School s graduation ceremony over the weekend. According to Augusta Police Chief Tyler Brewer, a man was adjusting his gun when it went off, hit him, ricocheted and hit another woman. The shooting took place in a crowded stadium and was completely preventable, but the man was apparently an imbecile:Police told KWCH [News] the gun owner has a permit, and was carrying a small, semi-automatic gun in his sock. The gun in his sock was uncomfortable and he was apparently adjusting it when it went off.He. Was. Carrying. His. Gun. In. His. Sock. HIS SOCK!HIS SOCK!The brilliant, brilliant man ended up with a bullet wound in his foot and the woman with one in her calf. They are both expected to be okay. Chief Brewer said he plans on pursuing charges against the idiot because the shooting happened on school grounds. Imagine that, a gun owner who used his sock as a holster broke the law? Didn t see that coming.The NRA and the silly Republican politicians who are in their pocket claim that Democrats want to steal their firearms because we want stricter gun control laws. This is completely false, of course, and to my knowledge President Obama has still not carried out his nefarious gun grabbing plot, but right-wingers still believe it is going to happen. They argue about even basic laws like mandatory safety classes. Seriously. This shouldn t be a problem but it is and hundreds of people every year are hurt in shootings, like this one, that could have been prevented if the gun owner knew how to handle the weapon they so enthusiastically carry.But what do I know? I m just the sister of someone who owns an arsenal of guns and I ve never been shot once. I wonder why that is? Oh yeah, cause my brother knows that a sock isn t a fucking holster.Featured image via The Chive",0
6338, Woman Publicly Disowns Her Parents After She Finds Out Her Mom Is A Trump Troll,"Disowning your parents is an incredibly painful thing to do. These are the people who created you. The people who raised you and loved you and kissed your  boo-boos  when you got hurt. Unfortunately, sometimes it is necessary as Aubrey Perry, an Australian-based artist and author, recently discovered. In an article written for The Sydney Morning Herald, the young woman explained why she had to cut her parents out of her life and the life of her child.Perry was perusing a list of California Trump delegates when she discovered a horrifying name on the list: her mother s. I found her name when I was scanning the list to see if the white supremacist William Daniel Johnson had been removed (since he d said he would not be attending): there she was, #10 on the list. She said her parents have always been racist. Her mother, an ESL (English Second Language) teacher and basic English teacher at the college level, often referred to her students with contempt when Perry was growing up. She said: Greaseball. Wetback. Spic. Beaner. I grew up with these words in the house. Not because that s what people called us. That s what we called Mexicans. Perry explains that she knew her parents believed ignorant garbage, but because she lives in Australia and only speaks to her parents online, through text and on the phone it was easy to ignore   they never spoke about politics. However, after Perry saw her mom s name on the delegate list she started investigating and what she found is what ultimately led to her decision to severe ties: And I don t use Twitter much. But, wow. My mum does. I recently checked her Twitter page for the first time in a while and was shocked. Hateful memes, ugly language, and appearance-based attacks, targeted at Hillary Clinton, stacked up. And not just hateful, but off-topic and malicious calling Hillary  ugly ,  old  and  screechy . An  unlikeable old bag. The  woman card  stinks!  my mother wrote. My mother! A college instructor! She should know better. She s no internet troll. Is she? She was; her mom was a Trump troll and filled all of her social media accounts with racist, sexist, xenophobic memes and posts. She found videos of her mom being interviewed by Fox News at a California rally. Perry said the video shows her mom saying, He sounds like us, he talks like us   I m all Trump, only Trump, always Trump, forever Trump!  The video reminded her of the Imperial Wizard of the KKK saying that the Klan supports Trump because  what he believes in, we believe in. Perry isn t just an ordinary liberal who is disgusted with Donald Trump just because she is a progressive and he is a conservative; his beliefs hurt her family.  My husband is black. We have a daughter together. My parents  support of a candidate who could not decide if he should accept the endorsement of the KKK is completely intolerable in our home and, ultimately, in our world. She finally confronted her mother, and her mom brushed her off. So, she decided to take screenshots of her mom s hate speech, saved the video clips of her interview on Fox News and posted everything on Facebook, slamming her parents for their ignorance. On Twitter she said, Your Twitter feed makes me disappointed and embarrassed of you as a person, a supposed critical thinker, and my mother. Shocked.  Her mom responded by blocking her on social media. Her dad found out and sent her a threatening email, saying: I know you have never said anything you might not like to be made public,  he wrote,  so if you want to continue this attack mode, please remember all things have consequences. Perry said her parents  response to her criticism hurt her but she wasn t surprised. More importantly, though, she said it was time to speak up and let them know that their hate and ignorance was not acceptable. Her entire life she had kept her mouth shut and let their rhetoric roll off her back and that, she explains, is her biggest regret: By ignoring racism, xenophobia, and misogyny within our families, we are accepting it within our culture. To ignore is to accept. As my daughter plays on the floor in front of me while I type this, I think about her ancestry. I think about the suffering that has been endured so that she can live in a free and just world, and I feel a responsibility to the continuity of that humanity. If I don t oppose my parents  behaviour and objectives, if I don t reject Trump and all that he stands for, if I don t change my family s vocabulary so that my daughter never knows the hateful words I heard growing up, I m undoing the progress that generations before me have fought and died for. And that, I won t accept. She s exactly right. As a white woman with a mixed race child and a husband who is from Central America, I know where she is coming from. For a very long time I ignored the hate coming, not from my parents, but from other people who I was close to. People I d grown up with, gone to school with. It was easier to pretend they were not that stupid than to confront them and get into an argument. Like Perry, I came to the realization that by not telling these people how I felt, how their hate affected my son, my husband, our friendship, I was doing a disservice. I started speaking out, I m not friends with some of those people anymore and that s okay, they are not nice people anyway.The point is that by not speaking out, we lead these people to believe that what they are saying is acceptable and it isn t. Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel explains why it is important to use our voices to stop this kind of divisiveness, better than I ever could, while speaking to a group of college graduates in 2011: Do not stand idly by if you witness injustice. You must intervene. You must interfere. You are now going into a world which is hounded, obsessed with so much violence, often so much despair. When you enter this world and you say the world is not good today, good! Correct it! Featured image via Facebook",0
6339, TN School Officials Told To Falsify Student Disciplinary Codes To Avoid Red Flags,"An email obtained by WTVF in Nashville, Tennesee shows that school officials were instructed to falsify student disciplinary codes, in order to avoid a federal investigation.Nashville s Metro School System has long been under scrutiny from the federal government for a disparity in student suspensions. While Black students account for less than half of the district s student body, more than 70 percent of students suspended in the district are African-American.In 2014 the school district implemented a new set of disciplinary codes. The codes were supposed to help the district minimize disparities by outlining various student behaviors, along with appropriate punishment for each.According to WTVF:The email surfaced after the principal at Nashville s Hunters Lane High School was questioned about her handling of disciplinary data involving one student.That principal, Susan Kessler, fired back with email evidence about what she called a  common practice  involving a district official who s in charge of monitoring student discipline.A copy of the email, which was sent to Kessler by Bruce Curtis, the district s Director of School Discipline, shows that Curtis instructed school officials to change student disciplinary codes  in order to keep the school out of a possible OCR complaint. Here s a screencap of the email, published by WTVF here.Image credit: WTVFThe school district has been involved in numerous OCR (Office of Civil Rights) complaints before. The email suggests that rather than addressing the underlying issues of racial disparity within the school system, officials are falsifying data to make it look as though the district is improving, when really it is not.The release of the email has rightly outraged parents and civil rights leaders.Larry Woods, a civil rights attorney who has brought previous suits against the school district, told WTVF he believes: The clear intent of the memo, of the email, is let s avoid an Office of Civil Rights investigation. Let s cover it up so we won t get into trouble when OCR   Office of Civil Rights investigates us. Instead of expressing concern about what s best for students, the email shows school officials are not only willing to allow students to be suspended for minor infractions, they re also willing to make those infractions seem more serious than they were, in order to cover their own asses.This email alone should be cause for the Office of Civil Rights to begin a new investigation into Metro Nashville Schools.As it stands, we can only wonder how many students have been suspended without justification and how many suspension codes have been changed to cover up the fact that the school district is just as racist as ever.Image credit: Nashville Public Schools",0
6340, Trump Just Proved He Has The Foreign Diplomacy Skills Of A Whiny Child,"Donald Trump has so many feuds going on at the moment it can be hard to keep track of them all. One of the most potentially damaging feuds, though, is with the United Kingdom s Prime Minister David Cameron. Now, that feud continues with Trump s latest comments directed towards Cameron.Cameron has made his opinion of the guaranteed Republican presidential nomination very clear. Back in December, Cameron publicly stated that he thinks Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States is  stupid, divisive and wrong.  Cameron s statement couldn t be more accurate, as Trump s proposal goes against the very basic principles of the United States and would be logistically impossible to enforce.During an interview with Piers Morgan, Trump spoke out against Cameron s comments, offering a sad attempt at an olive branch towards Cameron, where he insisted that he is not stupid and is a unifier. It looks like we re not going to have a very good relationship. Who knows! I hope to have a good relationship with him but it sounds like he s not willing to address the problem either,  Trump said in the interview, according to the Jerusalem Post.  Well, number one I m not stupid, Okay. I can tell you that, right now   just the opposite. Number two, in terms of divisive: I don t think I m a divisive person. I m a unifier, unlike our president now, I m a unifier,  he Trump concluded.As bizarre as it is to hear a grown man insist to another that he is in fact not stupid, Cameron never actually called Trump himself stupid. He called his policy stupid because it is. It s also nothing more than an incredibly xenophobic, racist, and ridiculous bit of fear mongering. It s one of the first policy proposals that Trump introduced. It sounded the alarm bells that Trump is more than just a buffoon looking for attention, it showed the world that he could actually be a very dangerous threat to the United States and the world if given the opportunity to seize actual political power.Featured image from (Photo by Isaac Brekken/Getty Images)",0
6341, Antonin Scalia’s Own Past Ruling Will Hand Obama HUGE Victory On Transgender Rights,"The Obama administration recently sent a missive to public schools nationwide, informing them that they must treat students consistently with their gender identity   even if it is different from what was biologically assigned to them by nature. Long story short, this means no bathroom police in our schools.Needless to say, Republicans didn t take this well. Their reaction was something between Obama telling them a  yo momma  joke and him personally burning the original copy of the Constitution.However, it seems that a victory for the administration will be handed to them by none other than the late Antonin Scalia himself, much to the distress of Republicans everywhere.In the 1990s, Antonin Scaia spoke for a unanimous court decision that found in favor of the plaintiff in a sex-discrimination case. The case was brought from a man who was being bullied by other men and threatened with rape in the showers at his job on an oil rig. The man s employer ignored the problem, and he brought a lawsuit over it. Scalia himself said that his employer s inaction was clearly discrimination based on sex, and he cited the Civil Rights act of 1964 as supporting this decision. Male-on-male sexual harassment was assuredly not the principal evil Congress was concerned with when it enacted the 1964 Civil Rights Act. But statutory prohibitions often go beyond the principal evil to cover reasonably comparable evils, and the words of the law can be easily read to forbid sexual harassment of any kind. Source: Oncale Vs. Sundowner Offshore ServicesAnd there you have it. Antonin Scalia just handed Republicans one huge fat goose egg on their efforts to make segregation cool again in America by rebooting it to hate on transgender folks. The spirit of the law is incredibly simple to understand. You aren t supposed to be harassed at work, school, or other  public  venue places, especially because of an inborn characteristic like being of a particular gender. The harassment for transgender individuals is impossible to portray differently so it wouldn t be covered by the Civil Rights Act.Republicans are aware of this, and this is why there has been a very recent outcry by many of them to have Congress fundamentally dismantle the Civil Rights Act. They d be willing to essentially trash the entire thing, exposing millions of people beyond only the transgender community to all forms of discrimination   all so they can militarize American restrooms.Featured image via rrstar.com",0
6342," Armed Men Break Into Protected Wildlife Area, Kill Rarest Fish On Earth (VIDEO)","The Nye County Sheriff s Office just arrested three men who went on a drunken rampage through a protected area of Death Valley National Park in Nevada.On April 30, Steven Schwinkendorf, 29, Edgar Reyes, 35, and Trenton Sargent, 26 used a gun to shoot off gate locks meant to prevent entry into the protected area surrounding the Devils Hole geothermal pool.The Death Valley pool is the only known habitat for the rarest species of fish in the world, the Devils Hole pupfish.According to authorities, once inside the protected area the men fired the gun several more times, shooting out motion sensors and damaging sensitive scientific equipment.One of them urinated on the ground, while another decided to use the protected spot as a place to vomit.According to a statement released by the Nye County Sheriff s Office:Their unlawful visit ultimately culminated with at least one of the suspects stripping off their clothes and entering the water of Devils Hole. The suspect(s) in the water stomped around the shelf area of the critical ecosystem before swimming around the deeper water, leaving behind a pair of dirty underwear when finished.The statement goes on to say:The intrusion is believed to have resulted in the death of at least one endangered Devils Hole pupfish, and fisheries biologists are trying to ascertain the extended damage that may have been done to food sources and egg sites which could lead to more loss of a species whose numbers are now below the last count of 115 in existence.Security cameras captured footage of the rampage. The Center for Biological Diversity and the National Park Service offered a $15,000 reward for the capture of the three men, saying their actions constituted a crime against the shared natural heritage of all Americans.Now that they ve been identified and arrested, the men face up to a year in prison and fines of up to $50,000 each.Here s more on this story via Newsy on YouTube:Image credit: Video screen capture via Newsy on YouTube",0
6343, Dozens Arrested During Massive Global Fossil Fuel Protest (VIDEOS),"An ongoing demonstration taking place outside of Anacortes, WA. The protestors created a blockade on the BNSF Railway tracks, which lead to two oil refineries. One of which is owned by Shell, the other is owned by Tesoro. The protest began on Friday, as a part of a global wave of protests against the continued use of fossil fuels. The international  break free  protest demands that the world immediately transition to a fossil fuel-free energy system. Thousands of people all over the world have come together to protest and to take direct actions against fossil fuel companies have taken place on six continents over the course of two weeks. Last summer we stopped Shell s Arctic drilling plans, now we re taking our biggest actions yet. The movement for climate justice is growing and getting bolder by the day. A fossil-free Northwest isn t a fantasy, it s inevitable; if we start now, the change can be fair and rational, and we can demonstrate our leadership,  says organizer Ahmed Gaya said in a press release.Below is a video that shows the very beginning of the encampment.In addition to the blockade, thousands of activists in Washington staged marched in protests and took part in a massive flotilla of kayaks holding banners and signs demanding an immediate transformation to a 100% renewable energy system.https://www.facebook.com/BackboneCampaign/photos/ms.c.eJwzNDA0NTczMTY0tzAyNzAyMNMzRIiYmGKImJmiiRiZYerCUGMOEgEAhxkVfg~-~-.bps.a.10157643178105206.1073741894.19984125205/10157643178270206/?type=3&theaterHere is a photo of the police who broke up the encampment:https://www.facebook.com/BackboneCampaign/photos/a.10157647965685206.1073741897.19984125205/10157647965990206/?type=3&theater On Saturday, about 1,500 people took part in a blockade against bomb trains in Albany, New York.I'm in Albany, NY to support the campaign to @BanBombTrains as part of #breakfree2016. Find out more @350! pic.twitter.com/LbYNha5bkt  Finn Harries (@FinnHarries) May 14, 2016In Germany, over 4,000 people took part in an action that shut down one of the largest coal plants in Europe for 48 hours. Activists in Germany also disrupted a massive coal mining operation.Here s video footage of the actions in Germany:Climate change threatens every nation that happens to be on planet Earth though it s effects will not be felt by all equally. Fossil fuel lobbyists have hijacked the governments of the world in order to prevent them from doing anything that might hurt their short term profits, no matter what it costs them and everyone else on Earth in the long run.That s why we need people to rise up and take bold action to encourage politicians to stand up to corporate lobbyists, and to hit corporations that don t give a d*mn about the average person as hard as they can. Another world is not only possible, it s necessary.Featured image from Trip Jennings | Survival Media Agency Creative Commons 2.0 via Flickr",0
6344, Obama Shreds Trump In Powerful Message To Graduates: ‘Ignorance Is Not A Virtue’ (VIDEO),"On Sunday, President Barack Obama gave an amazing speech at the Rutgers University graduation ceremony.Speaking to well over 50,000 people, Obama went on a subtle Trump-targeted rant to reject the presumptive Republican nominee s divisive, offensive rhetoric. Although Obama never said Trump s name, there was no mistaking who he was talking about as he spoke against  building a wall. Obama said as his audience applauded: The world is more interconnected than ever before. Building walls won t change that. Obama continued his anti-Trump attack, criticizing some of the GOP front runner s positions   such as Trump s infamous proposal to ban all Muslims from coming into the United States. He continued: Isolating or disparaging Muslims, suggesting that they should be treated differently when it comes to entering this country   that is not just a betrayal of our values   that s not just a betrayal of who we are, it would alienate the very communities at home and abroad who are our most important partners in the fight against violent extremism.  Addressing the 12,000 graduates listening to his speech, Obama urged them to rise above the  strain of anti-intellectualism  that Trump has encouraged in his race for the White House. In the process, Obama couldn t help but laugh as he exposed Trump for the idiot that he is. So, class of 2016 let me be as clear as I can be: In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. It s not cool to not know what you re talking about. It s not  keeping it real  or  telling it like it is.  It s not challenging political correctness. That s just not knowing what you re talking about. You can watch Obama deliver this powerful message below:Obama urged graduates to remain dedicated to learning the truth and keeping an open mind, warning them that only exposing themselves to information that confirms their own beliefs could result in ignorance. Ironically the flood of information hasn t made us more discerning of the truth. It s just made us more confident of our ignorance. Taking the Republican party to task, Obama added that when politicians are  not held accountable for repeating falsehoods and just making stuff up, while actual experts are dismissed as elitists, then we ve got a problem. Soothing frustrations felt throughout the campaigns in this election, Obama reiterated his previous comments on income inequality that he d given during a commencement address at Howard University last week. Obama reminded the graduates how important it was to vote and be involved in the political process: The reason some of these things have not happened even though the majority of people have approved, it s really simple. It s because a huge chunk of Americans, especially young people do not vote. Apathy has consequences. You can watch Obama s full speech below   it serves as a reminder to America s youth that they are powerful, and that they should use that power to unify instead of divide our country.Featured image via Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / Getty Images",0
6345, FL Pastor Targets Neighbor With Nazi Flag Display Over Boating Laws (IMAGE),"Naples, Florida pastor John Gursoy is outraged over new boating regulations in the gated community where he lives. The new regulations include limiting the number of boats that can be parked at one dock and raising the age of boat operators from 13 to 14. Volunteer board members for the community association also voted to uphold a longstanding ban on two-stroke engines. The new regulations so infuriated the Florida pastor that he went to Kinkos and printed off a Nazi flag.Upon returning home, Gursoy raised the flag on a cherry picker in his yard. He also hung a sign slandering neighbor Peter Rietz, who volunteers his time to serve on the board.The sign reads  Peter Rietz Fascist? Discriminates. Image credit: Naples Daily NewsUpon seeing the display, some members of the Florida community were disturbed enough to call police.Because the flag and sign are on private property, local law enforcement officers say no crime is being committed.When asked about the display by Naples Daily News, Gursoy said: This flag is symbolic of the most discriminatory, selective enforcement of rules ever in the history of mankind. He went on to explain how the boating regulations, which were designed to protect the environment and members of the community where he lives, compare to Nazi Germany, saying it was all that  kept coming to my mind. Gursoy told Naples Daily News that he put the sign up as a warning to the community that this is the direction we re going with the current board. Because clearly not being able to park ten boats on a single dock or let a 13-year-old drive a watercraft is just like Nazi Germany all over again. It s very frustrating,  Peter Rietz said during an interview with Naples Daily News.  My wife is up in arms. Our neighbors are all up in arms. The police have been here. It s obviously in poor taste and reflects on the individual. He added, It s hard to believe how someone who holds himself out as a Christian would behave in this fashion. According to Naples Daily News Gursoy is a youth minister at Celebration Community Beach Church.Image credit: Naples Daily News",0
6346, WATCH: Girl On Bike Brutally Beaten By Cops And Then SHE Is Charged With Assault,"Two years ago, 15-year-old Monique Tillman and her brother, like kids everywhere across the country, were riding their bikes. Unlike kids everywhere, Tillman was stopped for nothing more than the apparent crime of Riding While Black.Tillman and her brother made the mistake of cutting through a mall parking lot and running into Tacoma Police Officer Jared Williams, who was moonlighting as mall security. Williams then stopped the pair, telling them they were trespassing and that they might be banned from the mall.The children tried to explain that they ride through that parking lot all the time and they tried to leave. What happened after that might not be suitable for work.Here s the video:If you don t have the stomach to watch the video, the girl is snatched from her bike by the off-duty officer and slammed up against a car while he appears to be choking her. He then grabbed her hair and began throwing her around. He even tased her. He was choking me, grabbed me by my hair and tried to slam my face into the concrete. The next thing I know, I m on the ground being tased,  Tillman said.Source: Free Thought ProjectThen, after it was clearly shown in the video that the girl never even raised a hand toward the officer, she was charged for resisting arrest and assault on an officer for allegedly attempting to kick him. That s right, she was charged for assault. Fortunately, those charges were thrown out after there was no evidence that she tried to kick at all, and a lawsuit has been filed against Officer Williams, the security company and the people who own the mall. A child riding a bike should not have to worry that a police officer will stop her without legal cause and brutalize her,  said (Tillman s attorney, Vito) de la Cruz.  Our communities are weary of another African American child being hurt by unwarranted and excessive police force. Tillman, who is now a digital media student at Bates Technical College, had this to say: I feel like I was targeted because I am a person of color,  Tillman told the Seattle Times.  It was frustrating because I knew I didn t do anything wrong, but I couldn t stop them. Here s Tillman, now 17, talking about the incident, saying all she wants is an apology:Williams still has his job.Featured image via video screen captures",0
6347," Bette Midler To Twitter: If You’re Deactivating Offensive Accounts, Why Is Trump Still Here? (TWEET)","Twitter is presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump s favorite platform for his many offensive rants. However, like most social media platforms, there are rules against certain kinds of language. That includes hate speech against marginalized groups of people. To that end, the Twitter account of singer Azealia Banks was recently shut down because of racist and homophobic hate speech. That is a good thing, but, none other than Bette Midler pointed out something that should be obvious to all: if they are applying this rule against bigotry on their social networking platform, why the hell wasn t Donald Trump banned from Twitter a long ass time ago?Midler tweeted:Twitter deactivated Azealia Banks  account for homophobia & racism?So why is Donald Trump still here?  Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) May 15, 2016Now, the thing is, nobody should be tweeting out hateful speech of any kind, but isn t it a little suspicious that Trump can troll women, be an open racist and misogynist on a regular basis via his Twitter account, and nothing happens to him? Instead, the social media giant chose to use a black woman as a way to make the point that they are cracking down on the cesspool of an atmosphere on that site.The thing is, the very nature Twitter means that it s going to be a pretty rough and tumble place to hang out. The platform lends itself to deliberately off the cuff, say what you think when you re thinking it remarks. That in and of itself is a recipe for disaster and perfect haven for trolling. The thing is, though, if you re going to try to clean the place up, Twitter powers that be, maybe you should start with the real problem, which is the likes of Donald Trump.That would send a REAL message. Nobody is saying that Azealia Banks didn t deserve to be suspended while she cools off for a bit, but the only message you sent with this suspension is a double standard when it comes to how you treat white men vs. how you treat black women. After all, Trump is running for president and has been as hateful as they come via your platform on a grand scale for eons now, and you ve done absolutely nothing. Is that really the message you want to send?Featured image via Bette Midler Twitter",0
6348, Remember That Time Hypocrite Trump Tweeted Obama Should Comply With Record Releases,"With Donald Trump handing out nicknames left and right, one nickname that has come to mind for him would be  Hypocrite Trump. First of all, he doesn t apparently realize that the internet can document the things you say for years after you say them. Secondly, he also doesn t seem to realize that those things that he said can and will come back to haunt him.For instance, back in 2012, Trump, on top of previously requesting President Obama s birth certificate, also demanded that he release his college transcripts.Trump tweeted out on October 30, 2012, only days before the 2012 presidential election: Why does Obama believe he shouldn t comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something? Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 30, 2012And of course President Obama wasn t hiding anything, and Trump was just trying to stir up trouble to make people believe the president was up to no good.Now, flash forward to today and Trump refuses to release his tax returns. Documents that every presidential candidate releases to show the nation financial transparency. Of course, Trump has lame excuse after lame excuse as to why he can t release them. All of which have been debunked.So, please, by all means, let s remind Trump of his blaring hypocrisy. Clearly, according to himself, he s hiding something.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images   Twitter",0
6349, New York Gun License Broker Paid Off Cops To Approve Client Licenses,"Police have suspended the licenses of at least 37 New York City gun owners following the arrest of gun license broker Shaya Lichtenstein.According to New York Daily News, Lichtenstein s  cozy relationship  with New York City police officers paid off well for some clients who sought his help in obtaining licenses for their weapons.Although the city has strict requirements for obtaining a gun license, many of Lichtenstein s customers were given a pass on necessary paperwork and in-person interviews.For the privilege of circumventing the law, Lichtenstein charged his clients between $5,000 and $25,000.New York Daily News reports that while, there is a mountain of documentation that s required,  to gain a gun license in the city, all some of Lichtenstein s clients needed was  to send in a few pieces of paper for the permit to go forward. On April 18 Lichtenstein was charged with bribing police officers in Manhattan Federal Court.According to the charges published here, an undercover investigation involving Lichtenstein began in 2013.According to the documents, after one of the license broker s closest contacts inside the police department stopped helping him, he offered to pay an undercover officer $6,000 per gun license.While none of the cops who are implicated in taking bribes have been identified by name, an officer referred to as Deputy Inspector-1 is alleged to have taken bribes from Lichtenstein. The documents describe Deputy Inspector-1 as  the Commanding Officer of the License Division. Two other NYPD officers, referred to as Officer-1 and Sergeant-1 are also implicated in taking bribes.During an interview with investigators, Officer-1 stated that Lichtenstein provided the two with  lunch money  in return for approving gun licenses. When asked how much  lunch money  the cops were getting, Officer-1 said $100.Court filings show that the officers approved licenses for Lichtenstein s clients, including people with criminal records who were not legally able to obtain a license in New York City.Read the full complaint here.Featured image via Pixabay",0
6350, WATCH: GOP Senate Candidate Kept Referring To President Obama As An ‘Animal’,"The presumed nomination of Donald Trump has given a new flavor to the 2016 GOP field. Or, perhaps I should say that the presumed nomination of Trump has given new courage to people who have spent far too many years (in their opinions) hiding their racist views.Carlos Beruff, who is running for Marco Rubio s Senate seat in Florida, is one of those previously silenced people whose racist views have been liberated by the Trump campaign, and he let his racist flag fly high at a St. Johns County GOP meeting on Thursday. His favorite nickname for the President?  Animal. Unfortunately, for seven and a half years this animal we call president, because he s an animal, OK   seven and a half years, has surgically and with thought and very smart, intelligent manner, destroyed this country and dismantled the military under not one, not two, but three secretary of defenses,  he said.  And they ve all written books about it. Sooner or later, you re going to find, this was a plan, he wants us to be just another country. I don t want to be another country. I want to be the United States of America, the greatest country in the world,  he added, garnering a round of applause.Here s the video:Beruff has more than racism in common with Trump. Like Trump, he s a successful land developer and like Trump, he sees the government as standing in the way of him and more riches. If he was to be elected, there would be conflicts of interest from every direction:Today he s one of the wealthiest developers in Southwest Florida, building more than 2,500 homes in three different counties. And as his business grew, so did his political influence fueled by campaign contributions to then Florida Governor Charlie Crist. Crist appointed him to three civic boards. The Southwest Florida Water Management district, the State College of Florida, the Manatee-Sarasota Airport Authority.In 2010 Beruff then shifted his allegiance to Governor Rick Scott, who appointed him to his health panel and reappointed him to positions already held.His role as developer has been no less controversial. For example, Long Bar Pointe, a 500-acre development that environmentalists say could cause irreparable damage to the shoreline.More than 6,500 opponents signed a petition against the Long Bar Pointe development. Ultimately, the county voted Beruff s proposal down and now Beruff is suing the county government for its actions.Source: My Sun CoastBeruff, though, is even more extreme than Trump. He wants to ban not just Muslims, but all immigration from the Middle East. That would even include the Christians who are being persecuted by ISIS.Fortunately for Floridians and the nation, Beruff is unlikely to win. Right now, he s at one percent.Featured image via Carlos Beruff Facebook page.",0
6351, Bill Maher SCORCHES Republicans: Stop Blaming Liberals – ‘Trump Is YOUR Problem’ (VIDEO),"Since the rise of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, the GOP has been throwing up their hands in disbelief and trying to blame everyone but themselves for the success of such a horrendous presidential candidate, all while completely ignoring the fact that conservatives have paved the way for a candidate like Trump to succeed with decades of hateful rhetoric and ignorance.Bill Maher expertly pointed this out on Friday night during his HBO show Real Time, when he sent a very special message to Republicans: stop blaming liberals for the candidate you created! Pointing out several headlines that showed that conservative  think pieces  have been pointing the finger at liberals, Maher destroyed the concept that liberals condescension and political correctness forced otherwise reasonable people into Trump s hateful embrace. Maher brilliantly dissed the illogical, rage-driven individuals that support Trump, sarcastically stating that they would vote rationally if not for overbearing liberals, scientists, and historians and nutritionists telling real Americans that they re dumb. It hurts their feelings when we insult their values with our facts.  He continued: I m sorry you find it irritating when liberals point out that global warming exists or that racism exists or that gay people exist. But here s the thing: You people were wrong about all that. Maher also attacked conservatives  opposition to facts and reason   which has been going on long before Trump entered the political arena. Maher hilariously joked that liberals were to blame for things like the man-bun and gluten free cupcakes   so the GOP must accept blame for the racism and widespread hatred of Muslims, because those are the very attitudes that the Republican party has propelled over the last several years. They are what is truly to blame for Trump s rise.Maher even stated that he himself has mocked political incorrectness in the past, criticizing liberals for overreactions. However, Maher said that  none of that justifies embracing a dangerous buffoon simply because his lack of political correctness is cathartic. To a huge round of applause, Maher sent a message straight to the GOP: Trump is your problem. But somehow the party of personal responsibility doesn t want to take responsibility for this one. You can watch the brilliant segment below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
6352, Republicans Now Trying To Draft Billionaire Mark Cuban For Third Party Run,"A group of desperate republicans which includes Mitt Romney, William Kristol, Erick Erickson, Mike Murphy, Stuart Stevens and Rick Wilson, among others, is desperately trying to find someone to present a third party challenge to Donald Trump.According to the Washington Post, the group of more than a dozen republicans is  commissioning private polling, lining up major funding sources  and courting potential contenders. Among those contacted by the group was billionaire Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks and reality TV star.Cuban told the Washington Post that the group thought he would make a good candidate, based on his  loud persona,  and  ability to connect with voters. As Addicting Info reports here, back in December during an appearance on The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore, the NBA team owner had nothing good to say about republican frontrunner Donald Trump.Cuban said: There s so much more to come (from Trump). Because they re not playing for real yet. There s nothing at stake yet. This is all just chit chat. He s just warming up the audience. He s like that guy who is going into a bar and he ll say whatever it will take to get laid. Only in this case, he s not trying to f*ck some girl, he s trying to f*ck the country. While Cuban has also criticized Donald Trump s anti-Muslim fearmongering, the billionaire has come under fire for racist remarks of his own.While speaking at a conference in Nashville in 2014, Cuban said: I know I m prejudiced, and I know I m bigoted in a lot of different ways. If I see a black kid in a hoodie on my side of the street, I ll move to the other side of the street. When he was asked about keeping racism out of the NBA, Cuban responded by saying, You don t. There s no law against stupid. I m the one guy who says don t force the stupid people to be quiet. I want to know who the morons are. In other words, let racists be racists.According to the Washington Post Cuban says it s unlikely he ll launch a third party bid to challenge Trump because he doesn t believe there is enough time to mount a successful campaign.The group admits there is very little time left to achieve the goal, but they aren t ready to give up yet.As Addicting Info reported here, Romney was at first considered to be a possible third party candidate. Although he decided not to enter the race himself, he is now helping in the effort to find someone who will.According to the Washington Post, Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse is next on the list of possible recruits.Featured image via Brian Solis via Flickr",0
6353," Michelle Obama Wore A Nice Dress, So Conservatives Called Her ‘Ape’ And ‘Gorilla’ (SCREENSHOTS)","This may shock you, but Michelle Obama wears clothing. In fact, sometimes she wears very nice clothing, like the Naeem Khan dress she wore to the Nordic state dinner on Friday. The Washington Post reports:Michelle Obama is standing out in a sea of black tuxedos in a blush-colored, strapless, floor-length gown at the Nordic Summit dinner.The first lady chose a dress by Indian-born designer Naeem Khan for the White House dinner honoring the leaders of Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Denmark and Norway. She finished the look with gold jewelry and a wispy chignon.While state dinners typically celebrate a single head of state   and Mrs. Obama often wears a gown by a designer from the country being honored   the Nordic party was a twist on typical White House protocol.The President did, indeed, step on his wife s dress. The First Lady feigned outrage, then the couple had some fun with the situation. She looks good,  Barack said when the two paused for photographs.  He stepped on my dress,  Michelle followed up. The President then put a finger up to his lips, playfully  shushing  as though the incident was to remain a huge secret. It was a very human moment for the First Couple. Naturally, conservatives had to jump in to share their thoughts on the  apes  in the White House. You can put lipstick on a monkey, but you still have a monkey,  one commenter on ABC News  Facebook page wrote. One person wondered if  his  (Michelle s)  fake booby  popped out of the dress. Others lamented that she did not fall and harm herself, while some chose to simply call her a  pig  and a  gorilla.                     The unbridled hatred leveled at the First Family is unprecedented. Recently, upon learning that Malia Obama had gotten into Harvard, Fox News fans took time out of their busy day of huffing paint fumes and masturbating to Donald Trump s photograph to inform everyone they thought she was a  n*gger. Barack and Michelle Obama have weathered a nonstop barrage of racist comments since before the President was elected the first time, but conservatives have not been remotely content to leave it at that. They genuinely believe that black people living in the WHITE ( White  is, after all, in the name) HOUSE is a crime against nature.Barack Obama has been arguably the best President in decades, perhaps in our country s history, and will probably be the best for at least decades to come. Michelle Obama is a classy woman whose strength has enabled the President to be all that he is. Their children are impressive young ladies who will certainly make an impact on the world. The problem is that our frenemies on the Right are incapable of seeing anything more than a skin color they hate.Watch this deeply human event unfold below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6354, New Expose Details Just How Terrible Donald Trump REALLY Is With Women,"Americans can thank that pesky liberal media for spotlighting just how awful presumptive Republican Party presidential nominee Donald Trump really is. While he has proven to be a blustering sexist all on his own with comments made towards women like Megyn Kelly, Rosie O Donnell and fellow Republican Carly Fiorina, the press is helping him along as well.But, despite Trump s own damning antics, it s a recent expose in the New York Times appropriately titled  Crossing the Line: How Donald TrumpBehaved With Women in Private   that really dives deep below the surface into Trump s misogynistic harassment towards multiple women:The lengthy expose meticulously details multiple instances of inappropriate conduct with women, from models in the Miss America pageant, to employees in his Trump empire, and they re vivid memories of his disgusting behavior:The New York Times interviewed dozens of women who had worked with or for Mr. Trump over the past four decades, in the worlds of real estate, modeling and pageants; women who had dated him or interacted with him socially; and women and men who had closely observed his conduct since his adolescence. In all, more than 50 interviews were conducted over the course of six weeks.Their accounts   many relayed here in their own words   reveal unwelcome romantic advances, unending commentary on the female form, a shrewd reliance on ambitious women, and unsettling workplace conduct, according to the interviews, as well as court records and written recollections.Such instances include:The list goes on and on. From his early days at the military academy in the 1960s to his presidential campaign now, Trump has lived a life of debauchery, sexism, borderline pedophilia, cheating, manipulating and pure misogyny.And now he s the nominee for a major political party for President of the United States. I can only imagine how he would treat interns and White House staff.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6355, Ben Carson Accidentally Reveals Trump’s Top VP Choices And The List Will Leave You ROTFL,"The mere fact that Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee for president of the United States is quite comical in of itself   not only because it s Donald Trump, but alsobecause he s been able to basically destroy the Republican party. How much more damage can the billionaire demagogue possibly do? Well, plenty if you count the people and more specifically that one person he has on his short list for vice-president. The king of the disintegrating Republican party may anoint a queen. That s right folks, Sarah Palin is on the short list of candidates for Trump s vice-president.According to the Washington Post, Ben Carson, who is now the head of Trump s vice presidential search committee, was driving on his way to a television interview when he accidentally revealed the list to a reporter who was riding in his car. The list included Sarah Palin.After the mellow and weird doctor told the reporter that he would not behave in the same way as Dick Cheney when Cheney headed Bush s vice presidential search committee but nominated himself, Carson s wife, Candy, pointed out that a poll had Carson as the top choice to be Trump s running mate. Carson was told that John Kasich, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin, and Chris Christie had also been named in the poll.That s when he revealed the names.  Those are all people on our list,  Carson said.  Well, not you,  his wife said.It sure would be hilarious to watch yet another Trump victim start working for Trump. Ben Carson, who prior to his GOP run was a respected doctor and human being, was compared to a child molester by Trump but is now his defender on every news station imaginable. Chris Christie, who was also obliterated by Trump became his lackey. Who could forget the time when Christie stood stone faced behind Trump like a deer caught in headlights? Then of course there s Ted Cruz, or as Trump referred to him,  Lyin Ted,  who was dragged through the mud by Trump. We also can t forget  Little Marco  Rubio, the golden boy of the Republican party, but who was also humiliated by Trump.However, the match made in heaven or should I say hell would be a Trump/Palin ticket. The hope is she ll help bring Trump down in the same way she helped bring down John McCain. It would be quite a surprise for Trump to pick Palin but with these Republicans, you just never know.UPDATE: Donald Trump released a tweet disavowing Carson s list (despite Carson at one time being assigned to help pick the VP), saying  most  of the names on the list are wrong and specifically Marco Rubio.The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2016Featured image via Wikimedia Commons",0
6356, Trump Lashes Out At Warren With An EVEN MORE Racist Attack Than The Last One,"During an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump referred to Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren as  Pocahontas. In the piece published on Saturday, Dowd says that she asked Trump if Trump had received any negative comments from Republicans about him and Sen. Elizabeth Warren s Twitter feud. Trump responded to the question with a question, saying,  Who, Pocahontas? The jab is a part of a conservative conspiracy theory that alleges that Warren does not actually have the Native American heritage she claims she does. Apparently conservatives are not capable of understanding that a person can have a mixed racial and ethnic background. Which shouldn t be surprising considering Tea Party types aren t capable of understanding that a man named Barack Hussein Obama,isn t automatically a Muslim terrorist sleeper agent sent here to destroy the United States from the inside.Once again, Trump has denigrated a person based on racial lines. When pressed on any issue Trump falls back to posturing as a bully. He ll take any ridiculous notion and just run with it because he knows that his followers will simply laugh it up.However, even the Republican candidate who seems impervious to gaffes and criticism should reconsider accusing someone of inventing an identity after recent reports of Trump s bizarre  John Miller  scandal. The Washington Post s Marc Fisher uncovered audio recordings that show that Trump invented a fictional spokesman for himself named John Miller back in the 1970 s, 80 s and 90 s. During that period, Trump would pretend to be Miller or on occasion  John Barron - and call reporters where  Miller  would say wonderful things about Trump, in an attempt to inflate Trump s personal brand.Trump has denied the allegations, though the Post reports that there is courtroom testimony where Trump himself had admitted to creating the fictional personality.Featured image  (Photo by David Becker/Getty Images)",0
6357, SERIOUSLY? Male News Anchor Forces Female Meteorologist To Cover Up Her Dress On Air (VIDEO),"A meteorologist wearing a rather classy dress was shocked when a male anchor humiliated her on air because he felt her clothing was inappropriate. In a scene straight out of the 1920 s, KTLA5 anchor Chris Burrous decided that Libert  Chan s dress was a huge problem   large enough to interrupt her reporting of the weather with the BREAKING NEWS that he felt she was dressed like a dirty, dirty harlot.As she was delivering the wind report, Chan noticed a hand entering the frame. That hand was clutching a drab, gray sweater. What s going on?  Chan asked.  You want me to put this on? Why? Because it s cold? We re getting a lot of emails,  Burrous explained as he thrust the sweater forward. What!  a shocked Chan replied. echoing the sentiments of any reasonable person watching the broadcast. Really? Chan smiled uncomfortably as Burrous put the sweater on her in the middle of her report.  There you go,  he said condescendingly. I look like a librarian now,  she said as she attempted to process what had just happened. That works,  the anchor responded.  It s a librarian who s gone to a cocktail party. Everyone s got an opinion about your dress this morning. Interestingly, Chan had just spent a considerable amount of time off camera where she could have been approached about her dress if there was a problem (but, of course, there wasn t a single issue with her clothing). The anchor, however, chose to shame her on camera simply because she looked good in what she was wearing. I m sorry but the other dress didn t work,  Chan told her asshole of a coworker.  I had to wear something. The rest of Chan s report was uncomfortable, with the meteorologist doing a spectacular job of masking the rage that was building inside her after she was shamed for simply wearing a piece of clothing. At one point, she broke into nervous laughter. I m trying to hold it together in my little sweater,  she explained.Unlike Burrous, she managed to keep things professional the rest of her time on-air. The male anchor was correct, though. Everyone does have an opinion on Chan s dress   more specifically, his reaction to it. Unfortunately, he s not going to like those opinions:        Just to add some perspective, these are the hugely professional shorts Burrous was wearing as he shamed his coworker:The station has not yet released a statement, but anything less than  Chris Burrous has been fired, and we apologize for shaming our incredibly talented meteorologist who deserves a raise  is inadequate.Watch it below, via Raw Story:Featured image via screengrab",0
6358, Republicans In Congress Want To Give Donald Trump Unrestricted War Powers,"If Donald Trump becomes president, you better prepare for World War III, because if Republicans have their way, their presumptive nominee will have unprecedented power to wage war across the globe without restrictions from Congress.Throughout his campaign for the presidency, Donald Trump has bragged that he  wants to have a much stronger military  so strong that nobody is going to mess with us.  Of course, that means increased military spending that is completely unnecessary because we already have the top military in the world and we spend more on our military than China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, France, England, India, and Germany combined. In fact, we could slash our military spending in half and would still spend more than any other nation.Graph courtesy of Peter G. Peterson FoundationBut Republicans are gunning to keep military spending at monstrous levels and they are willing to give Trump unprecedented and unlimited war power.Earlier this year, Senate Republicans introduced a new Authorization for Use of Military Force that would authorize presidents to wage war anywhere anytime without having to ask Congress for a declaration of war as the Constitution requires.According to Huffington Post:[The AUMF] would give the president new authority to take action against the militant group also known as ISIS or ISIL. It wouldn t put any limits on the duration, geography or use of U.S. ground combat troops in the war, or on the means by which the U.S. military could act. It also would keep in place a broad AUMF from 2001 that never expired and that allows the president to take military action against anyone, anywhere, connected to the terrorists behind the 9/11 attacks.In other words, Donald Trump would have complete power to go to war whenever he wants against whomever he wants and Republican lawmakers are just fine with that because they don t want the responsibility of making war decisions. I don t like the idea of telling a commander-in-chief they can t go where ISIL goes, they re limited by time, geography and means,  South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham said.  If I don t like the time, geography or means, I can cut off funding. Alabama GOP Rep. Mike Rogers thinks Donald Trump would  be an improvement  over President Obama, who has used diplomacy effectively in his foreign policy agenda while limiting his own war strategy to air strikes and predator drone strikes rather than sending thousands of American troops to war.South Carolina GOP Rep. Joe Wilson thinks  we need to finish what we started,  and he is totally okay with Donald Trump controlling the military because he suggested Trump will also try to work with the terrorists, too.Senator Chuck Grassley said he would comfortable with Trump as long as he  has a plan,  and Arizona GOP Rep. Trent Franks wants Trump to  advocate the maintenance and strength of a military capable of dealing with the growing threats to freedom this world faces  and  dismiss the practice of Mr. Obama of emboldening our enemies and disheartening our friends. That s basically code meaning that Trump should rip up the nuclear deal with Iran to reduce their nuclear material and attack them instead even though the deal is working.Trump has already declared his disapproval of the deal. He also said in 2011 that America should use  any and all means necessary  to stop Iran s nuclear program, which includes military force.Republicans are already itching for a war against Iran. A President Trump could give them one unilaterally.Trump has also suggested in his book The America We Deserve that he would use force against North Korea, which would guarantee a new Korean War.[In a Trump presidency], North Korea would suddenly discover that its worthless promises of civilized behavior would cut no ice. I would let Pyongyang know in no uncertain terms that it can either get out of the nuclear arms race or expect a rebuke similar to the one Ronald Reagan delivered to Ghadhafi in 1986. I don t think anybody is going to accuse me of tiptoeing through the issues or tap-dancing around them either. Who else in public life has called for a pre-emptive strike on North Korea?Trump has also not been secretive about the fact that he wants to bring back the use of torture and commit war crimes against civilian populations in the effort to defeat terrorists.That s scary enough, but consider this.As president, Donald Trump would also have control over the nation s nuclear arsenal. And he has already refused to rule out using nuclear weapons in Europe and the Middle East.In short, a President Trump could usher in a nuclear Armageddon and Congress has absolutely no problem with this.If Trump somehow defeats Hillary Clinton in November and Republicans retain control of the Senate and the House, we could see World War III as the thin-skinned businessman in the White House responds to the smallest of slights or Republican prodding with military strikes that could spill the blood of thousands of American soldiers and put the country further into debt.That is what is at stake in this election so let s hope people start taking this seriously.Featured image via Flickr ",0
6359," WATCH: GOP Chair Says ‘People Don’t Care’ About Trump’s Treatment Of Women, Gets Destroyed By Fox Host","Well you really have to hand it to Trump. Now that he s destroyed every establishment candidate, the GOP is left with him as the presumptive nominee. Although some in the GOP establishment continue to kick and scream at the thought of the billionaire businessman being crowned the new king of the party, many are now coming to grips and even defending the demagogue in public and that s quite hard to do given Trump s rhetoric and history.In a sign that the GOP is surrendering to the new face of the GOP, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus defended Trump, even going as far as saying that  people just don t care about Trump s alleged terrible treatment of women.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEbXW2LzjWY]During an interview, Fox host Chris Wallace asked Priebus about a  New York Times report that found  repeated instances of Trump insulting women and making unwanted advances even in the workplace. Priebus  response was odd given that he is the RNC chair. He said,  Well, you know, a lot of things bother me. And obviously, I m the wrong person to be asking that particular question.  Wallace quickly pounced on the chairman, saying,  Wait a minute, why are you the wrong person? You re the chairman of the party. This is your nominee, and they re saying he has mistreated women. Priebus  response was ridiculous. He said: People just don t care. I think people look at Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and say,  Who is going to bring an earthquake to Washington, D.C.?  I don t think Donald Trump and his personal life is something that people are looking at and saying,  Wow, I m surprised that he s had girlfriends.  That s not what people look at. Chris Wallace quickly interjected saying: Whoa, forgive me, sir. It s not whether or not he had girlfriends. The question is whether or not he mistreated women, whether he made unwanted advances, whether he humiliated women in the workplace. It s disturbing to see that the Republican moral compass is non-existent. They would rather support a sexist megalomaniac who disrespects women and minorities than say the truth: Donald Trump is not the right choice to be president of the United States.Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6360, WATCH: CNN Host Destroys Trump Campaign Manager For Denying Trump Acted As His Own Publicist,"Despite the fact that Donald Trump has admitted in the past that he has acted as his own publicist, he and his campaign continue to deny that it was his voice on the recordings. Jake Tapper confronted Trump s campaign manager on the issue and his defense of Trump was sloppy and full of nonsense.On Sunday morning s State of the Union, Tapper played the now infamous tape of Trump impersonating his own PR guy, and then asked campaign manager Paul Manafort if the campaign is  seriously claiming that wasn t Mr. Trump?  Manafort stuck to his story but Tapper pressed on and put Manafort on the spot. Tapper said: In 1990 under oath he testified he did use the name John Barron, and in 1991 he told People magazine he did use the name John Miller so this has already been admitted previously. I don t understand why now. Manafort then said,  I don t know those facts to be true or not. I just know that he said it s not him. I believe him.  He then went on in an attempt to change the subject, citing what he said was the lack of importance of the issue: I don t even know the relevance of this frankly. It s 25 years old and they re not dealing with the issues that Trump is trying to focus on today. Jobs, terrorism, immigration problems. These are the issues we should be talking about. Why the media is spending so much time going by 25 years, talking about People magazine on a tape that may or may not be Trump. But Tapper wasn t having it, and he explained the relevance of the story to Manafort. Here s what he said: This issue is here you have a man who in his 40 s allegedly is his own public relations agent, bragging about his exploits with women while married to Ivana Trump, the mother of his three children and speaks to a certain kind of character issue don t you think? Indeed, the character flaws here are tremendous. The lies along with the alleged betrayal of his wife and his disgusting talk about women should all be taken as important issues, especially since Trump is trying to become president. Let s hope it never comes to that scenario.Watch video here on mediaite.comFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6361, Rush Limbaugh: Legalize Rape By Calling It A Civil Rights Issue (AUDIO),"During his radio show on Friday, Rush Limbaugh suggested that legalizing rape would be easy as long as you frame it as a civil rights issue like same-sex marriage and transgender protections. The media is not covering this transgender thing the way normal people, or sane people like myself,  a caller told Limbaugh before launching into the myth of predators using transgender protections as a shield to sexually assault women and children in bathrooms. I don t have any daughters, but I have nieces, I have teenage nieces, I have older nieces, I have a wife. This is a safety issue, this is about a predator, like the story you just read, going into these bathrooms and taking advantage of it. And it s happening, but they re not covering it. And it s really interesting how they took gun control and turned it into gun safety, but they re not treating this as a safety issue. And the sick mind of Limbaugh immediately thought of rape and how to legalize it. No, that s actually a good point. Civil rights   you could legalize rape if you called it the Civil Rights Act of 2016. Limbaugh continued, however, by whining about how much civil rights have been extended over the last few decades, especially lamenting that it now covers race, gender, and sexual orientation because he apparently believes only white straight men deserve civil rights. He also claimed it was only  a joke. So they always attach people, the reading public, the news consuming public, has been conditioned to attach the words  civil rights  to race. Now it s being expanded. Civil rights, gay marriage; civil rights, transgender bathroom rights; civil rights, whatever the left wants. Except over here, rape has become a safety issue. But over here this stuff is a civil rights   if, when you hear the left equate anything with civil rights, what you should learn is this is how they are attempting to corrupt the culture. And they re doing it under the banner of civil rights, which is supposed to shut you up. It is supposed to silence opposition, because nobody with a brain is ever supposed to violate civil rights. Never, anybody with a brain would know never to oppose anything that says  civil rights  attached to it. Which is why the joke, you could legalize whatever you want by calling it the Civil Rights Act of 2016, because nobody would have the guts to vote against it. Because if they did you d have the media, Democrats running around, saying so-and-so voted against the Civil Rights Act of 2016 denying all of our citizens equal rights, blah blah blah blah blah. Here s the audio via Media Matters.In his effort to slander Democrats, Limbaugh also claimed that  rape has become a safety issue  for conservatives. First of all, Limbaugh seems to be admitting that conservatives never cared about rape before. And second, if conservatives really believe rape is a safety issue, perhaps they should stop aiding and rewarding rapists by not forcing rape victims to carry rape pregnancies to term. Furthermore, they can repeal laws that allow rapists to seek custody and visitation rights. Or how about believing women when they say they were raped instead of saying they were asking for it.The fact is that there have been zero instances of a transgender person doing anything but using the restroom like a normal person. They certainly haven t sexually assaulted anyone. And that s throughout the 17 states and over 200 cities that have transgender protection in place. In fact, the only men who have gone into a restroom to scare women and children are the ones being purposely sent in there by the Family Research Council, a right-wing group trying to instill fear of transgender people by pretending there is a problem with them using the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity.But get ready, folks. It won t be long before a conservative lawmaker takes Limbaugh seriously like usual and literally writes a bill to legalize rape by excusing it as a civil rights issue. And the way Republicans have treated rape victims over the years, you know they are considering it.Featured image via  screenshot",0
6362, WATCH: SNL Mocks Trump For Pretending To Be His Own Publicist In Hilarious Cold Open,"In a comedy skit in its own right, Donald Trump is now the presumptive nominee for the presidency of the United States, and it all happened despite the fact that the billionaire businessman has said some of the worst things ever about minorities and women. However, his antics and demeanor are certainly comical and the material he s provided has been a dream come true for late night talk shows and especially the people at Saturday Night Live. The recent discovery that Donald Trump once posed as his own publicist created yet more material for SNL.In the latest skit, Darrell Hammond s  Donald Trump  is on the phone with a reporter who didn t believe that he was Trump s publicist Joe Pepperoni.   No, I am not Donald Trump in disguise,  he said.  This is just what classy people sound like, OK? Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T_6Xa6KOlw]Then Bobby Moynihan s  Chris Christie  showed up to help the billionaire businessman and Republican nightmare pick his running mate. When Jebb Bush was suggested, both went into uncontrollable laughter. After everyone from Carly Fiorina to Bruce Springsteen were rejected by  Trump,  he wondered why no major Republican wanted to be his vice president. Christie  immediately saw an opportunity. He said: If I may be so bold. Sir, anyone who didn t want to be your VP would be a damn fool. You are such a special candidate. And maybe, just maybe the person you have been looking for the whole time is standing in this room right now. Trump  replied,  You are so right, Ben Carson, want to be vice president? Let s hope when all is said and done in November, America can look back at Trump and see him as a funny distant memory.Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6363, Researchers Used Doctored Pics Of Obama To Link Racism Directly To The Tea Party (STUDY),"It s always been obvious to people with half a clue or better that the hatred towards our president was more because of the color of his skin than anything he could possibly have done politically. Had a white man walked into the same mess and turned it around into hope for the future and a better country than the one he was handed, he d be Bill Clinton.A sociologist from Stanford University had the idea that the resurgence of racism in America didn t just coincide with the rise of the Tea Party, it drove it. That left a lot of analysts slack-jawed, wondering: What was this latent force that drove the emergence of this movement?  said Robb Willer. According to The Washington Post:Willer speculates that one thing connecting these two political earthquakes might be white voters  unconscious racial biases. In a series of psychological experiments between 2011 and 2015, he showed how hostility toward people with darker skin and perceived racial threats can influence white support for the tea party. He and his colleagues published a draft of a paper on their findings online last week  some of the most direct evidence of the importance of race to the conservative resurgence during Obama s presidency.The experiment was simple. Two groups of people are shown images of celebrities that include a picture of the president, one with darker skin and one with lighter. The group that saw the dark-skinned Obama were twice as likely to support the Tea Party when asked afterward. Because of the color of a man s skin and nothing else. Willer s team didn t stop there, either. They moved on to see where else race played a major role and landed smack-dab on white privilege.The groups were given conflicting innocuous reports about the U.S. population and demographics. One report said the white people should hold a strong majority in this country for the foreseeable future and the other says whites will decline into a minority by 2060. The group that heard they were safely white-washed were far more likely to support the Tea Party. When all of a sudden the support of minorities looks like it will be key, support for the Tea Party plummets.All of this, every last bit of it, is due to racism. When the Tea Party stormed Washington DC in 2010, packing congressional offices with morons as far as the eye could see, their number one agenda, along with the rest of the GOP, was to stop President Obama from accomplishing anything. They failed, but the influence is still there. When Lindsey Graham stood in front of cameras and declared that his party had gone  batsh*t crazy,  he wasn t kidding.Featured image from Wikipedia altered by Rob Willer",0
6364, Jennifer Lawrence Has Two VERY Choice Words For Trump If She Ever Meets Him (NSFW VIDEO),"Whether you love him or hate him, most of us probably have a clue what we d like to say to Donald Trump if we were to ever come into contact with him, and actress Jennifer Lawrence is no exception.While discussing Trump on The Graham Norton Show, a show that airs in the U.K. and doesn t have the strict regulations against language that the United States does, Lawrence let everyone in on a scenario that she tried to make happen.When asked if she had ever met Trump, Lawrence explained that she hadn t, but he was at the same concert she was attending. She explained: I was at a concert where I heard he was attending, so I had my full security team, like I was like  find Donald Trump I was adamant on finding him and making a video of me going,  Hey Trump, FUCK YOU!' She also displayed what hand gesture she d flash his way, which included the middle finger.This isn t the first time Lawrence ;as expressed her opinion of Trump, as she s previously stated: My view on the election is pretty cut-and-dried: If Donald Trump is president of the United States, it will be the end of the world. A statement most of us can probably agree with.Watch her on The Graham Norton Show here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6365, Video Of Police Shooting 76-Year-Old Mentally Ill Man Released (VIDEO),"On March 21, 2016, 76-year-old Ralph  Phil  Grenon was shot and killed in his apartment by a Burlington, VT police officer. According to Grenon s family, he began showing signs of a mental illness about a month before his fatal encounter with police.Burlington police say that the manager of the apartment complex where Grenon lived called 911 earlier that evening to report that Grenon was exhibiting  threatening behavior. The Burlington Free Press reports that Grenon refused to respond to officers who were called out to the scene. A mental health expert was also brought to the scene, but five hours later he remained unresponsive inside of his apartment.According to the Free Press, officers say they were  unsure of Grenon s state.  For this reason they decided to enter the apartment.While Burlington police have released a significant amount of footage from the night that Grenon was killed, nearly all of it was released in a way that raises significant ethical questions, according to an article published by the Free Press on May 11.As reported here:Police released the videos by posting them on YouTube, but making them difficult for the public to find, following an announcement Tuesday by state and local prosecutors that Officer David Bowers, 23, was justified when he shot and killed Ralph  Phil  Grenon, 76, in March.Additionally, the Free Press reports that:The initial footage was released in an email to reporters Tuesday evening that contained links to the YouTube posts, which used privacy settings that prevented the videos from being searchable through Google or YouTube.University of Vermont media and communications law professor Chris Evans also criticized the way that police went about releasing the video, saying  they definitely did not fulfill the full request,  made by journalists. Evans also pointed out that they did not  follow the procedure they should have followed,  when releasing the video.The video below shows that Grenon was hiding in the shower when police entered the apartment. A group of officers can be seen aiming their weapons at the shower curtain. One officer uses a broom to pull the curtain back, exposing Grenon. At this point it becomes clear that Grenon is holding a knife.Almost as soon as the curtain is pulled back an officer uses a taser on the man. Grenon responds by leaping out of the shower. Shortly after this, officer Bowers opens fire, shooting Grenon multiple times. No other officers discharged their weapons.Watch the video below via YouTube:The Burlington Free Press provides links to additional video footage published by police here.According to both the prosecutor and the Attorney General, the shooting of Ralph  Phil  Grenon was justified.Grenon s daughter, Niki Grenon Carpenter, states that her father was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. During a press conference on May 10, she told reporters that she is frustrated with a system that continues to fail citizens who suffer from mental illness. Carpenter says that she hopes her father s death will help change that system.Image credit: video screen capture via Cops Caught On Tape on YouTube",0
6366, Racist Barber Pulls Gun On Black Man Who Asked For A Haircut (VIDEO)," Racism doesn t exist anymore! The United States is as inclusive as it s ever been! White supremacists don t live in the USA! We have a black president, that proves it! This is the kind of bullshit you hear from the right-wing all the time. According to them, we live in a post-racial America where everyone loves everyone else and racism is a thing of the past. It is very clear that people who believe this are either lying, stupid or completely unaware of what is going on in the world (I think it s a combination of the three), because it hard to genuinely believe that when you turn on the news and hear about things like the following story.Arthur Hill walked into a barbershop in Rock Hill, South Carolina on Tuesday and asked for a haircut. The barber, Larry Thomas, responded by saying he doesn t  cut black hair.  Hill, shocked by the answer, asked Thomas what he meant and that s when he saw a silver .38 caliber snub-nose revolver in the barber s hand: I was shocked, I was shocked for my life, because I m thinking that could ve been me laying on the floor dead,  Hill, the would-be customer, told NBC affiliate WCNC.  He did not point it at me, but it was clear in sight like he meant business. Thomas told police that Hill was lying and that his guns were all in a shed out back. Officers looked in the shed and found handguns that matched the description Hill gave to them   shocking. York County Sheriff s deputies arrested the barber and charged him with  pointing and presenting a firearm at a person,  a felony.Deputies say Rock Hill barber told African-American man that he ""does not cut black hair"" & pulled a gun on the man pic.twitter.com/GLXPzC2UiZ  WBTV News (@WBTV_News) May 11, 2016When the dipshit was released from jail, his story about where he had the guns suddenly changed. According to The Washington Post he told media outlets that he had the gun because he was afraid: I always have a gun right here,  Thomas told WCNC, as he tapped his cabinet.  But I felt threatened because that man came walking back here to where I was, I felt threatened and I picked up the gun and I had it here by my side. I told him I did not do black hair and he kept coming towards me and I stepped back here and I always keep a gun right here and I just picked up my gun and put my gun at my side, Thomas told WBTV.  That s when he got into my face and said  You meant African American now, didn t you? Thomas also claims that racism had nothing to do with his statement that he doesn t  cut black hair.  Instead, he says that he just isn t good enough to do it. However, although that may seem like a plausible excuse, WBTV says that they found eight other calls to police from the shop. In most of those cases, customers   including a Latino and an Asian man  all claimed they were refused service.It s very obvious that Thomas is a vile piece of racist trash who refuses service to people based on the color of their skin and apparently does it with a gun in his hand. So in addition to proving that racism is not dead, he is also proving that gun nuts are a bunch of wimps who need to cling to their penile extensions to solve their problems. Well done, he is the embodiment of a right-wing imbecile.Watch: https://youtu.be/L2Pk5A-P7-0Featured image via video screenshot",0
6367, Vehemently Anti-Gay Pastor Arrested On 70 Counts Of Child Porn,"On May 9, Pastor David Reynolds, formerly of Cornerstone Bible Fellowship Church in Sherwood, Arkansas, was arrested on 70 counts of child pornography.According to the Sherwood Police Department, Reynolds  arrest followed a lengthy investigation which began with a tip to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in December.KARK reports that Reynolds had at least three social media accounts which were registered under assumed names. He used those accounts to distribute and receive child pornography.Sgt. Keith Wilson of the Sherwood Police Department told KARK that police also found a large number of pictures on Reynolds computer. One of the photos was of a 13-year-old girl who was identified as a member of Reynold s church. The girl was able to help police identify other children who were in photos stored on Reynold s computer.Reynolds was removed from all duties with the church on March 7, after he admitted to church members that he had a  problem with pornography. Church elders released a statement regarding his removal, saying:On March 7th the elders of Cornerstone removed Dave Reynolds from all responsibility at Cornerstone. Dave had informed two of the elders that he was engaged in pornography and thought the elders might learn of this from another party, hence he decided to inform us of his involvement in this sin. Those two elders specifically asked Dave if he had viewed under age pornography to which he replied that he had not knowingly done so.Reynolds plead not guilty to the charges and is currently being held on a $250,000 bond.Queerty reports that Reynolds sermons were often vehemently anti-gay. According to the website, the former pastor preached against same-sex marriage and consensual same-sex relationships of any kind, saying that all LGBTQ relationships are  sin. How anyone can preach that a relationship between two consenting adults is sin while at the same time sending and receiving images of innocent children for their own sick sexual gratification is beyond comprehension.Image credit: Marine Glisovic KATV via Twitter",0
6368, WATCH: Robert De Niro Makes Sure To Perfectly Roast Trump During GLAAD Media Awards Speech,"Every year GLAAD holds their media awards ceremony to  recognize and honor media for their fair, accurate and inclusive representations of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community and the issues that affect their lives. This year, GLAAD honored Robert De Niro with the Excellence in Media Award.It was during his speech, however, that De Niro took a moment to take a sarcastic jab at those who think middle-aged white men have it bad, and of course, make fun of Donald Trump while he was at it. He said: You think you ve got it bad, LBGT community? I don t think you know what it s like to be really discriminated against   I recently turned on the television news and saw this odd guy with little hands, and he was raving. Turns out, the ones being discriminated against are straight, middle-aged white men It makes sense. I ve been losing parts right and left to what used to be called  diversity actors. One that really hurts, seeing the role of Dr. Dre in Straight Outta Compton going to Corey Hawkins. And I can t remember the last time I got a Teen Choice Award.   It s not easy being a straight, white man. Of course, he s joking. Being a straight, white man is pretty much winning the lottery when it comes to genetics. Straight, white men start from a point of being respected where most others seem to need to  prove  themselves. And, of course, he s clearly referencing Donald Trump with his  odd guy with little hands  who was  raving  and claiming he s being  discriminated against.  It s funny because it s true, and it s also funny because he just got his ass handed to him by Robert De Niro.Watch the whole speech here:VIDEO: Robert De Niro accepts the Excellence In Media Award at the #glaadawards https://t.co/FMBl01Q1VY  GLAAD (@glaad) May 15, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6369, Franklin Graham’s Daughter: 9/11 Happened Because God Is Mad At Trans People (AUDIO),"Religious bigots continue their hateful rhetoric against transgender people at alarming rates, and now Anne Graham Lotz, daughter of hateful evangelical pastor Franklin Graham and sister to the equally hateful Billy Graham, has jumped into the fray as well. Her statements are especially outrageous; in fact, she has said that the reason the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on U.S. soil happened is because God is  upset that transgender people exist.Lotz appeared on a right-wing hate radio show run by Steve Deace to express her horrible opinions. She said to Deace: What I see in the nation of America right now, just the chaos on every level.There is silliness, there is craziness, there s the most illogical rulings. The one in North Carolina on HB2, which is to protect our children in bathrooms and locker rooms, has become something where the justice department is suing us for something that s just common sense.To me it s evidence that God has backed away. Here is a bit of audio of these statements, via Right Wing Watch:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/263809966  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]If you think that s bad, you ain t seen nothing yet. This nutty woman then went on to pretty much directly blame the advancement of transgender rights in the United States for terrorism. Lotz said: In our nation, one of the things we pray for is that some of this craziness would settle down  [but] our nation seems to be shaking its fist in God s face, we re abandoning God as a nation.What happens then is God abandons us and backs away, he he takes his favour and blessing away from us.[If we repent] I think he would begin to reveal the plots of terrorists before they are carried out, even the weather patterns he can control and protect us from violent storms.I think that s why God allows bad things to happen. I think that d why he would allow 9/11 to happen, or the dreadful attack in San Bernardino. To show us we need him. Here is more audio:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/263809967  params= color=ff5500  width= 100%  height= 166  iframe= true  /]So, in other words, this nutty woman actually believes that giving human being rights is the reason for terrorism. This rhetoric is beyond dangerous, especially considering how misunderstood transgender people are. This is straight up hate speech, and it should not be tolerated. It s people like this who are responsible for the huge uptick in violence against vulnerable groups of people.This woman does not deserve a platform for her hate. Hopefully, one day, she and others like her won t have one.Featured image via Tara Walton/Getty Images",0
6370, Obamacare Officially Bans Transgender Discrimination,"While Republicans whine and complain that their right to be a bigot is being  infringed  on by the big bad liberal government, the Obama Administration is (once again) doing the right thing by directing the Department of Health and Human Services to ban all forms of discrimination against transgender individuals.Not only does it ban discrimination against the transgender community, it goes even further: all discrimination on the basis of sex overall is banned fully and completely within health programs and entities that receive any federal funding.Regardless of what Republicans will say about this  federal overreach,  the Obama Administration has every right to implement this ruling under the Nondiscrimination in Health Programs and Activities rule which is enforceable as part of Section 1557 of the ACA.Once again, Republicans have been outplayed, and their hatred has hit another legal wall. In a statement, Sylvia Burwell, Secretary of Health and Human Services, gleefully defended the decision, saying: A central goal of the Affordable Care Act is to help all Americans access quality, affordable health care. Today s announcement is a key step toward realizing equity within our health care system and reaffirms this Administration s commitment to giving every American access to the health care they deserve. The HHS website plainly lays out a feminist agenda that benefits all women, trans and non:Prohibiting denial of health care or health coverage based on an individual s sex, including discrimination based on pregnancy, gender identity, and sex stereotyping.The decision comes as the Obama Administration also set up blueprints for legal safeguards for trans students in public schools all across the country and sued North Carolina over HB 2, which was found to be in violation of the Civil Rights Act.As Obamacare faces yet another threat in court, Republicans have put forth a candidate that promises to repeal  every word  of the landmark healthcare law on his first day in office.That means everything this law has corrected   sexism, ageism, racism and classism   will again hang over the heads of every American should the buffoon known as Donald Trump become President (assuming Democrats don t take back the House or the Senate).Not only are Democrats winning the culture wars led by President Obama and his progressive administration, they are literally putting in place the legal safeguards to see it cemented for the rest of American history.If Democrats don t see the need to come out and vote, this should open the eyes of every weary, disgruntled voter. Democrats can continue the course for four more years and beyond. As Rob Reiner said, transgender rights are the last pieces of the civil rights puzzle.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
6371," Panama Papers Show Donald Trump’s Name Mentioned Over 3,500 Times","The Panama Papers recently exposed the worst of the worst in our world -rich, entitled moguls who hide their money in offshore accounts in order to avoid paying their fair share in taxes.This should have come as no surprise, considering this tactic is a staple of crony capitalism. Right now, a crony capitalist is the nominee for the Republican Party   Donald Trump.Recently, Trump has been dodging and flat out refusing to release his much anticipated tax returns   even though the chief of the IRS has debunked Trump s pathetic excuses as to why he s not releasing them, and news outlets have speculated that the delay is because he really isn t as rich as he says it is.There is another theory though, which would perfectly explain his reluctance to show th American public the financial records regarding his  empire    he has a huge hand in the Panama Papers.As Telesur reports have shown, Donald Trump has a direct or indirect link to 32 companies exposed for unethical shenanigans in the papers. One of his personal entities, the Trump Ocean Club International Hotel and Tower in Panama, is listed. In total, financial big wigs referenced Trump a total of 3,540 times.It is important to note that because Trump sold his  name  (aka his brand) to thousands of investors all across the world, these honorable mentions don t necessarily mean he has had any direct involvement in the unethical, shady and seemingly illegal practices associated with the 140 powerful politicians and business elites involved.But it does seem odd that Trump s name appears quite frequently and he refuses to release any tax information until after the election (which he assumes he ll win).While the mainstream media has appeared silent on the issue due to their inherit bias in favor of the GOP frontrunner, some outlets have had the  audacity  to ask questions. While Trump goes across the country telling all his minions how  huge  his proposals (or lack thereof) are, little do they know he might be involved in one of the biggest fraudulent endeavors in world history.Trump is hiding something big or lying about how much he s worth. Either way, he has backed himself into a corner he can t get out of. And people say Hillary Clinton is the untrustworthy one?Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6372, WATCH: Anti-LGBT Activist Gets Destroyed When He Can’t Answer Which Bathroom Trans Women Should Use,"The director of the Anti-LGBT group the Family Research Council had an interview with Chris Mathews that he probably should not have shown up for. Travis Webber, who is the director of the Center for Religious Liberty at Family Research Council, seemed quite incapable in this interview, constantly dancing around and attempting to avoid a valid question by MSNBC host Chris Mathews on which bathroom he would suggest for trans activist Jennifer Finney Boyland.The conversation got started when Boyland pointed out that the conservative push on bathrooms was simply an attempt to make up for lost ground after they lost the same-sex marriage battle. Boyland said: I don t think this is about bathrooms at all. I think it s about equal rights. Transgender people don t want special rights. We want equal protection under the law, and mostly what we want is to be left alone. And if we can t be left alone, we d like to be treated with love. So you don t want me in the men s room. And you know how you create that perfect situation? Just stop. Stop coming up with these laws. Stop causing trouble where there is no trouble. Maybe because now gay men and lesbians can get married, and they re no longer the whipping boys and whipping girls in this country, now maybe they re trying to rile up people against transgender people. And it s not right, and it s not fair. That s when host Chris Mathews jumped in, putting Webber on the spot, asking him,  Travis, tell Jenny what bathroom she should use. That s when Webber stumbled and paused, at one point saying,  Yeah, I mean I m not sure, um  .  Mathews then said,  Well just answer that question. Travis continued to avoid the question with a response that had nothing to do with the question, prompting Mathews to include,  See, no, you can t answer the question, can you? Webber s inability to respond to a valid question is indicative of the way conservatives have handled this issue and many others. One thread to notice about these so-called conservative GOP folks is their constant attempt to divide and deny people their rights. Whether it s supporting discrimination for same-sex couples, banning Muslims, building walls, denying rights to transgender Americans, or supporting an apartheid state like Israel which denies Palestinians human rights, the conclusion about conservatives must be that they are crazy.Watch the video here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
6373, Scott Baio Emerges From 1940s Mob Film To Tell Fox News Why He Wants Trump (VIDEO),"One of the great mysteries of the universe is trying to figure out what makes people who otherwise may seem rational like and support Donald Trump for president. Appearing on Fox News, actor Scott Baio let us in on why he supports the real estate mogul, and why others should as well. Although, he seems to just be emerging from the set of a 1940s mob themed movie.When asked why he likes Trump, Baio said: What do I like about Trump? There s no BS. I understand him when he talks. Whomever the Democrat nominee is, he s gonna beat the crap out of  em. Which is what we need. Instead of the crap beat out of us, and I like his policy proposals. What policy proposals? He s been all over the map on pretty much everything, except for his hatred of Muslims and that damn border wall.After being asked why people want Trump, he said: Well I think the thing is that Trump is not a typical Republican. He s sort of, you can t put a label on the guy, which I love. And because the media has stigmatized the Republican brand, he s smart to not cozy up to these guys, and he s unique. He s refreshing. He s exciting. I love to hear him talk, and I m excited about the guy. First of all,  refreshing,  really? Secondly, the media has not stigmatized the Republican brand, they did that to themselves by hating every minority group, the LGBT community, women s rights, and the poor. Blaming the media for reporting what they do is like blaming the guy who called 911 on the fire you set. Nah, it doesn t work that way.Baio clearly likes Trump, but also clearly doesn t understand anything of which he speaks.Check out the interview here:.@ScottBaio:  Whomever the Democrat nominee is, [DJT s] going to beat the crap out of them.  https://t.co/xQbQYNRVrJhttps://t.co/wmwgfpT70E  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 14, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6374," After Horrific National Anthem Sung At Trump Rally, Pianist Hilariously Pretends To Accompany","While it s not nice to criticize people, per se, for attempting to sing one of the hardest songs ever to sing, one person s rendition of the Star Spangled Banner at a Donald Trump rally in Eugene, Oregon, was flawlessly criticized without words.Zach Lapidus posted a video to Facebook of a split screen of himself on piano pretending to accompany the person singing the National Anthem.To be honest, once the key modulations were hit they were on point, but there were modulations on nearly every line of the song. In fact, almost every key seemed to have been hit at one point or another during the song, and Lapidus seemed to nail every single one of those key changes.The Star Spangled Banner is a tough song to play by any musician, and even harder for vocalists, because the range from the lowest notes to the highest notes are nearly two octaves. Credit should always be given to those who attempt to sing the National Anthem, and even more credit given to those who can do it well. Unfortunately, this was not one of those times.This article isn t so much to make fun of the singer   although, she is at a Trump rally and that should be ridiculed, but rather this is to compliment Lapidus on his accompaniment and ability to pick up on all the modulations. Well done.Maybe this is the version of the National Anthem taught at the Trump School of Music. https://www.facebook.com/zach.lapidus/videos/10107105609892679/Featured image via video screen capture",0
6375, More Proof That Rick Scott’s Policies Are Completely F*cking Florida’s Working Poor (IMAGE),"In 2015, Florida s government almost shut down when a battle erupted between the Republican House and the Republican Senate. GOP Senators were fighting to have Medicaid expanded to cover more than 800,000 Floridians, but the House was not interested. Ultimately, nearly a million women, men and children were denied health insurance in the state. It was a huge victory for Governor Rick Scott and right-wing members of the House of Representatives. However, their victory has done nothing to help the people of the state, and now the United States Census Bureau has released data that proves just how much the citizens could have used that expansion.According to Census data, nearly half of the counties in Florida have high uninsured rates. Of the state s 67 counties, 29 of them uninsured rates of 20 percent or higher. The Associated Press reports:The counties, which are largely located in central and South Florida, have uninsured rates of at least 20 percent or higher according to 2014 data released by the Census Bureau.The urban counties of Orange, Miami-Dade and Broward were among those on the list.DeSoto County, a rural county in the state s interior, had the highest estimated uninsured rate at 30.8 percent.Screenshot via census.govWhile the state s citizens are forced to suffer without insurance thanks to the legislature s refusal to expand Medicaid, lawmakers are the recipients of heavily subsidized health insurance:The monthly cost per legislator: $180 a month for a family, or $2,160 a year, and $50 a month, or $600 a year, for individuals. That s only a fraction of the average monthly family premium paid by most Floridians   $1,347   according to data tabulated by the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit that focuses on health care issues.Isn t that nice? Florida is the perfect example of how Republican policies screw over the average citizen. The GOP believes that health insurance is not a right that should be afforded to everyone and meanwhile, they benefit from taxpayer-funded health plans. They don t have to worry about how they will pay for a doctor visit if they get sick. They don t have to worry about forking over the full cost of medications. They do not live in fear of an illness bankrupting them. And while they live comfortably, they tell voters that Obama s Affordable Healthcare Act isn t working, but leave out the part about how they ve made sure the people in their state do not benefit from it in the same way blue states do. If Florida lawmakers would expand Medicaid, the uninsured rates would drop dramatically.If Florida lawmakers would expand Medicaid, the uninsured rates would drop dramatically. Unfortunately for Floridians, they are not doing it because then they d have to admit the program is working and it would take away one of their anti-Obama/Democrat talking points.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
6376, Republicans Assault The Poor With A New Plan To Starve The Unemployed,"Paul Ryan and the Republican leadership are rolling out plans to keep wages stagnant in America for the foreseeable future. A $23 billion cut is aimed at eliminating food benefits through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) to people on unemployment who are either in school or job training. It s an age-old GOP tactic. Eliminate the help for people who are looking to do better and they are forced out of school or training and into minimum wage jobs.Once they get there, the Republicans can claim they re teenagers living at home for free and it s their own fault for settling for a minimum wage job when all they have to do is go back to school or get some training. And the cycle continues. According to Roll Call:Republican leaders have proposed more than $23 billion in food stamp cuts in a budget plan that could be brought to the House floor in the next two weeks, several sources say.The proposed changes in the food stamp, or Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, include the end of waivers that allow some adults to receive assistance for a limited amount of time, while they are in school, or training for a job.$23 billion in cuts to food for people. Is there nowhere else we could look for $23 billion dollars? How over budget is that fighter jet program again? We re not talking about handing people cash outside a liquor store here; we re talking about food. All the BS about fraud and dependence and still one in four children in this country struggle with food. Republicans have been after the food stamp program for no reason other than to keep people as desperate as possible.Just imagine if Donald Trump is elected with a Republican majority in Congress. Food will be distributed to the poor in the streets in the form of bags of flour and rice and maybe some milk and whey to make cheese. OK, maybe that s a little extreme. There won t be any free food.  Certainly in a Trumptopian society, the poor will stay out of sight where they belong.Featured image from foodsecuritychallenge.com",0
6377, Kentucky Woman Brutally Beaten By Man For Looking Too ‘Masculine’ While Onlookers Do NOTHING,"Ever since the Supreme Court effectively legalized same-sex marriage nationwide, a few things have happened. The number of anti-LGBT hate crimes has seemed to rise, the Christian Right has gone on the offensive (and, in the process, has been very offensive), and Republicans just can t stop talking about men kissing and the possibility of penises in women s restrooms. A Kentucky woman was a victim of one of the aforementioned hate crimes on Thursday simply because a man thought she looked too masculine   and that s not even the worst part.Brittany Nicole Wallace wrote on her Facebook timeline that a man assaulted her because she looks like a  dike.  She recounted the horrifying experience:He told me that he would  beat me like the man I want to be.  He said,  people like me make him hate the world . He started by hitting me over and over in the face until he got me down. After I was down he began to kick me in the stomach, side, and face. Anyone that knows me knows that I tried my best to fight back. The truth is he was bigger and stronger than me.Then it gets heartbreaking. Despite a number of onlookers, not a single person stepped in to help. Not a single person had the decency to recognize that a man beating a woman even after she was on the ground is wrong:I believe that if I had long hair and dressed more feminine this would not have happened to me. The sad part is that no one would come help me either. Several people stood around and watched this happen to me. Again, I truly believe that if I had a more feminine appearance someone would have helped.Despite the attack, Wallace says that it has strengthened her resolve to fight against this kind of hatred:This has not only physically but mentally and emotionally damaged me. I will do everything I can to try to put a stop to this hate and violence. I love people and try to help people all the time. All I ask if you read this is to please stop the hate, and help people when you see them getting hurt verbally, emotionally and physically!She even included photos of her injuries:This sort of hatred needs to stop. Unfortunately, half the country follows a party whose entire platform is built on hatred, whose frontrunner practices almost every form of bigotry possible. Unfortunately, with Right-Wing media and politicians constantly reminding their  poorly educated  followers of the alleged evils of the LGBT community. Even more unfortunately, we can expect this sort of thing if Republicans manage to win not only the Presidency, but seats in the Senate and House.We can t allow this to continue. Vote BLUE in November   not just for the Oval Office, but for every office both local and national. Let s start undoing the damage done by the Republican Party.Featured image via Facebook",0
6378," Zionist Billionaire To Give $100 Million To Trump Campaign, In Return Wants Billions For Israel (VIDEO/TWEET)","If you ve ever wondered why the United States gives Israel billions of dollars a year in so-called assistance, you need not wonder anymore.  It s all about working the system, and pro-Israel lobbyists and billionaires like casino mogul Sheldon Edelson know exactly what they are doing to exploit the American process: They buy American politicians.Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is about to receive a big present from Sheldon Adelson of $100 million for his campaign. However, there is an exchange here: If Trump becomes president, then he must ensure that the U.S. continue its unwavering financial support for Israel despite the fact that we can t afford clean water in Flint and our national infrastructure is failing. The U.S. also sends billions to Israel despite the fact that Israel has been ethnically cleansing Palestinians since 1947 and treats them in a way that civil rights activist Desmond Tutu described as worse than the apartheid regime that existed in South Africa.How much money does the U.S. give to Israel?The state of Israel currently receives a staggering $3 billion a year in so-called aid, much of it for its military, which is then used to brutalize the Palestinian people in the form of a military occupation and a settlement apparatus of land theft that is illegal under international law. With the current agreement set to expire in 2017, Israel wants a raise. They are now asking for an estimated $5 billion a year over the next ten years, for a total of more than $50 billion. In fact, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrogantly rejected President Obama s recent offer, which is about $40 billion over ten years. Israel has said that it may hold out for the next president in order to get a better deal.According to Sheldon Adelson, that next president may be Donald Trump. The $100 million he will give to Trump may seem substantial but Adelson, whose loyalties are with Israel, is willing to spend $100 million in order to receive billions for the apartheid state in return. Here s what Donald Trump tweeted about Adelson s previous support for former candidate Marco Rubio:Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2015Since the campaign money is now coming Trump s way, you can bet that Trump is ready to be Israel s puppet and give it what it wants. In an attempt to court big pro-Israel donors, Trump has already stated that he supports the continuation of illegal settlement construction in the Palestinian West Bank. The billions of  dollars that will help Israel continue to rob and oppress the Palestinians will come from fleecing the U.S. taxpayer of money that instead can go to our schools and our healthcare system.Donald Trump is just another political phony who is willing to sell his own country down the river to the highest foreign bidder for personal power.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1eNaH-D_5I]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6379, WATCH: Megyn Kelly OWNS Transphobic Texas Lt. Governor Over Bathroom Laws,"The Obama Administration has told states around the nation in no uncertain terms that they will not be able to continue to discriminate against transgender students in schools. The language used by Attorney General Loretta Lynch regarding transgender rights was strong and left no room for debate. Of course, bigoted lawmakers around the country are scrambling for a reason to continue enshrining their hate for LGBT people into law, no matter what it takes. One such lawmaker is Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick.Patrick appeared on Fox News  The Kelly File and debated Megyn Kelly regarding the issue, and kept babbling on about supposed sexual predators dressing up like women to get access to little girls. Host Megyn Kelly cut his idiocy off at the knees, though, when Patrick kept repeating this tired talking point of bigots everywhere. Kelly said: A lot of sex offenders are men who molest men, little boys. Why do they need to sneak into the girls room? Patrick didn t address this point, but instead ranted on about men in a bathroom with his 8-year-old granddaughter. Kelly cut him off with this one as well, saying: But what if a man looks like a woman and she would never notice him? Patrick then went on to say, Megyn, you re missing the  but Kelly cut him off completely and ended the interview, saying, No, I don t think I m missing anything. Kudos to Megyn Kelly for owning this obvious anti-LGBT bigot. More people on Fox should follow suit.Watch the exchange below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6380, Watch This Bible-Waving ‘Christian’ Lady March Through Target Ranting About Devil Rape (VIDEO),"The GOP was right. Thanks to Target s decision to let transgender people use the bathroom in which they feel most comfortable, all sorts of weirdos are showing up. No, we re not talking about people going into the ladies  room to pee. Recently, a creepy new trend has been spreading through the Christian Right like chlamydia through a Texas school that teaches abstinence-only sex education. Christians have been marching through Target stores across the nation whole screaming about how evil it is to allow human beings to go to the bathroom without feeling out of place.In one video, a Bible-waving mother marches through a Target store with her husband and children in tow to let people know what she views as the truth about Target s evil bathroom policy: Attention Target customers: Do not be deceived. Target would have you believe that they love mothers and children. This is a deception. This is not love, and they ve proven it by opening their bathrooms to perverted men. I am a mother of 12,  she announces with her Bible raised in the air,  and I am very disgusted by this wicked practice. Target does not protect mothers and children. Mothers, get your children out of this store,  she commanded.  Mother, have enough decency to get out of this store. It s a dangerous place.  She added that Target s inclusive policy is  hateful  toward families, children, and mothers. Then things got REALLY crazy: America, when are you going to wake up? When are you going to stand up for the right things, America? Are you going to let the Devil rape your children, America? It s time to stand up and have a voice instead of bowing to the homosexual perverted agenda that s taking over this nation? You need to run and flee this place. I wouldn t spend a penny of my money here. This is wicked. This is confusion. This is twisted. This is abominable in the sight of God. Transgender people have been using public bathrooms for an untold length of time. It s never been an issue until Republicans decided it was more important of an issue than poverty, our crumbling infrastructure, educating our children, or even remembering to put the toilet seat down (sorry honey). What is most unfortunate is that this woman took her children along with her on this insane and hateful escapade. It is unknown how much damage she is doing to her children by teaching them nothing but hatred.Republicans were right: creeps are flooding into Target. Just not the creeps they meant.Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab",0
6381, WATCH: Here’s What Happened When Trump’s ‘Publicist’ Called Stephen Colbert,"Stephen Colbert got an exclusive interview on CBS  The Late Show when Donald Trump s  publicist  called in. The publicist has been in the news lately since it was revealed that Trump pretended to be his own representative while dealing with the media in the 1980s and 1990s.The Washington Post reported that Trump often called up reporters who were covering him and pretended to be  John Miller  and  John Barron.  Trump then would use the fake identity to push stories about how he was purportedly dating models and celebrities like Madonna.Trump denied that he behaved this way in an interview with the Today show, but had previously admitted to it in court.The presumptive Republican presidential nominee also seemed to panic when reporters asked about it in a scheduled interview on Friday.Then, Friday afternoon, Washington Post reporters who were 44 minutes into a phone interview with Trump about his finances asked him a question about Miller:  Did you ever employ someone named John Miller as a spokesperson? The phone went silent, then dead. When the reporters called back and reached Trump s secretary, she said,  I heard you got disconnected. He can t take the call now. I don t know what happened. Trump s behavior is so odd and out of the ordinary that mainstream media reporters are often completely confused as to how to cover him. How do you address a narcisstic millionaire pushing xenophobia and racism who is woefully unprepared for the presidency? Perhaps more mocking from comedians like Colbert is the only rational way to deal with it.Certainly the late night comedy writers are getting almost as much raw material   maybe more   as they did when George W. Bush was president. What s bad for the country and national political conversation is most definitely great news for the world of comedy, and they re not stopping any time soon.Featured image via YouTube",0
6382, Report Reveals 7 Most Disgusting Things Trump Did To Women,"The New York Times has done an in-depth new report on how Donald Trump behaved in private with women. It is called  Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private  and looks at his sexist, misogynist and just creepy behavior based on first-hand interviews with women who have interacted with him over the years.The Times reports that the interviews  reveal unwelcome romantic advances, unending commentary on the female form, a shrewd reliance on ambitious women, and unsettling workplace conduct. Here are 7 of the worst moments from the piece:Trump already has huge negatives with female voters, and since then he has attacked both Hillary Clinton and Senator Elizabeth Warren for playing the  woman card  when they have criticized his sexist attitudes and attacks on women.This story won t help.Featured image via YouTube",0
6383, A Congressman Wrote A Book Anonymously That Is Guaranteed To P*ss You Off,"84 pages of how the United States House of Representatives really works is set to be released by a small Minnesota publisher on May 24th. The tell-all, written by a sitting US congressman rumored to be a Democrat, confirms the storied we ve heard and adds a few new twists to how life as a  public servant  actually works opposed to the facade of friendly people in nice clothes who shake your hand and care deeply for your needs, whatever they may be.First let s start off by saying that like anything, there are exceptions to the rule. There s gonna be a district of good people somewhere who have elected a man or a woman who genuinely cares about their municipalities and their lives and improving them no matter what. There are far more, however, nefarious career con artists who have seen first hand through their families or learned coming up the ladder that congressional politics is, for the most part, all or nothing scumbaggery. They know the system and are bred for it. Confessions of a Congressman  set to be released May 24   AmazonThis particular congressman has decided that through anonymity he (says he s a he but could be a she?) will only honestly and openly describe the life of a US Representative at the expense of letting the people know exactly how he   and most of his colleagues   view the American public. DailyMail.com reports having seen the book, using these bullet points to describe the contents:As disturbing as that sounds, it isn t really all that far off from how many Americans already view congress. Their approval rating barely hits double digits. They do nothing. Partisan politics and campaigning have replaced governing in America. There are good people coming up with great ideas being squashed by people like this guy who buy their way through life one election at a time, hoping to someday get the call to the upper chamber where all that fundraising can be replaced with a few years of vacation in between. Maybe someday someone will find out you have the right look for a presidential run.It would be impossible to eliminate politics from government. Limiting the amount of time a particular politician can remain in office, however, would go far towards removing people like the selfish bastard who wrote this book and everyone else who has turned Capitol Hill into 535 ongoing campaigns.Featured image via Wikipedia/thirstynyc.com",0
6384, FINALLY: Sheriff Joe Ruled In Contempt Over Racial Profiling,"A Maricopa Country judge has finally stood up to the vile, crooked, racist Sheriff Joe Arpaio and charged him along with three of his top cronies with being in contempt. His crime? He hasn t stopped his illegal and unconstitutional racial profiling of Hispanics.Thanks to that darn liberal activist group the ACLU, Arpaio will be in hot water if he continues to practice his clearly racist policies.Judge G. Murray Snow, after a lengthy yearlong investigation after the ruling in Ortega Melendres v. Arpaio, concluded that Arpaio was in contempt on one charge while Chief Deputy Jerry Sheridan was found in contempt on two counts, and retired Chief Brian Sands and Lt. Joe Sousa each were found in contempt of one.In the 162-page ruling, Judge Snow wrote:In short, the Court finds that the Defendants have engaged in multiple acts of misconduct, dishonesty, and bad faith with respect to the Plaintiff class and the protection of its rights.The three contempt charges stem from three requests from Judge Snow that Arpaio and his band of thugs refused to comply with:According to ArizonaCentral:Snow found that deputies had detained and turned over to federal authorities at least 157 individuals who had not committed state crimes, in violation of his order.Snow said both Arpaio and Sheridan made numerous misstatements under oath.Not only did Sheriff Joe and his deputies knowingly fail to comply with a court ruling, they openly flaunted it and thought that they were above the law.Now the Department of Justice is getting involved. After slapping down Sheriff Joe last year over his racial profiling, the DOJ will work closely with Snow to implement proper sanctions. Should Snow feel so inclined, he may refer the case to criminal contempt. Perhaps jail time might await the Sheriff? One can only hope.But while we wait for this monstrosity to be put in prison, the people of Arizona are faced with another option: voting him out of office. This is an election year, and Sheriff Joe is running. Every election his support shrinks. In 2000, Arpaio won with 66 percent of the vote. In 2012, he garnered only 51 percent.With Trump on the rise as the GOP s newest face, Hispanic voter registration has spiked all across the southwest, including Arizona   something that should scare Arpaio and his cronies to their core. This is what happens when you rule with fear instead of the common good.Now it s 2016, and this man s reign of terror and shame must come to an end. Let the courts deal with him in court, and let s have the voters throw the bum out of office once and for all.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
6385, Texas Teabagger Lt. Governor Promises To Take Away Food From Poor Kids To ‘Resist’ Obama,"Tea Party radio host and Lieutenant Governor of Texas Dan Patrick has officially made the stupidest move yet in regards to  bathroom rules  in our schools. Patrick declared that Texas was prepared to forego literally billions of dollars in federal education funding rather than allow transgender children to use the bathroom. We will not be blackmailed by the president s 30 pieces of silver,  Patrick ignorantly announced. The  we  he refers to are rich elected Republicans that can afford to send their kids to private schools. Not mentioned by any Republican is whether millions of Texas parents and children that are completely dependent on the public school system are also prepared to have their entire school system essentially shut down.This isn t just some minor budget readjustment and  tightening of belts  by teachers and school districts. This is totally defunding the educations of 5.2 million students who rely on federal money to attend an already desperately underfunded public school system in Texas.As of now, the issue of school bathroom use is inevitably headed towards our court system. The legal question is whether or not the federal government can continue using the Civil Rights Act to force schools to allow children to use the bathroom with which they feel comfortable.According to interpretation by the justice department, title 9 of the Civil Rights Act does allow for the federal government to prohibit discrimination based on gender in public schools that receive federal funding.If the courts find in favor of the federal government, which it is very likely they will, the president can then try to use the cutting off of federal funds in order to get state compliance on the law.The White House was asked about the Texas Lt. Governor s comments. Press Secretary Josh Earnest said,  This does underscore the risk of electing a right-wing radio host to a statewide elected office.  Truer words were never spoken.Featured image via Brietbart",0
6386, Hillary Clinton Is Apparently Eyeing Elizabeth Warren As A V.P. Candidate,"While Donald Trump is considering Arizona s former Governor (and anti-immigrant) Jan Brewer as a prospective vice presidential nominee, the Clinton campaign is eyeing his now arch nemesis   Elizabeth Warren.Warren, who disappointed progressive outlets after refusing multiple times to run for president, has become a viable V.P. choice for both Senator Sanders and Secretary Clinton in recent months as the primary battle heats up. In recent weeks, the mounting feud between Warren and Trump over Twitter has become an all out brawl, with the Senator from Massachusetts coming out on top every time.According to the Huffington Post, the Clinton campaign has noticed. Senior and close advisors within the frontrunner s campaign have gone on the record (albeit anonymously) saying  very influential people in the campaign pushing for her  and that her ability to  get under his [Trump s] skin  is thrilling. As one adviser told the Post: You want a running mate who can take the fight to the other side with relish. Geography does not matter, but attitude and talent and energy and bringing excitement to the campaign, Senator Warren does all that. Penny Lee, a former aide to Senator Harry Reid and now a Democratic consultant, summed up why having Warren on the ticket with Clinton would be so beneficial, and why senior advisors have been taking her seriously: She can help validate Clinton with progressives and remind them that despite their differences in the primary, the alternative of the Donald would be untenable. Outlets have speculated for months that Clinton s V.P. nominee would be Julian Castro, former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or Sherrod Brown, Senator from Ohio. Castro, however, has ruled out being Clinton s V.P. While turning down the slot for second in command, Castro, who endorsed Clinton last year, has been an active surrogate for the campaign across the country.Going into a general election, Warren could prove an asset not just for the progressive vote, but for independents and moderate Republicans, who referred to Warren in a 2015 study group as  smart,   interesting,   sincere,   capable,   knowledgeable  and  sincere. Drafting Warren to a Vice Presidential spot may bode well in a presidential election, but it could hurt the Democrats  chances at keeping the senate.But with Trump as the GOP prospect, maybe a Clinton-Warren ticket could be the explosive candidacy Democrats need.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6387, Patrick Stewart Literally Paid A Guy To Not Vote For Donald Trump (IMAGE),"Patrick Stewart despises Donald Trump so much that he had to make himself feel better by paying a guy to NOT vote for him.The actor most known as Captain Picard in Star Trek: The Next Generation and the X-Men film franchise was in New Orleans earlier this week and spotted a homeless man holding up a sign stating that in exchange for $1 he would not vote for Trump.Not only did Stewart give him $1, he gave him four more dollars on top of that for extra measure. Made me forget the humidity for a moment. Worth 5 bucks,  Stewart wrote on Twitter complete with an image of the man and his sign.Made me forget the humidity for a moment. Worth 5 bucks. pic.twitter.com/lRvEoZ31mF  Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) May 11, 2016This isn t the first time Stewart has slammed Donald Trump. Just week ago, he expressed to Vice that he can t believe anyone takes Trump and his  antics  seriously. Well, of course, we had no idea that Dreadful Trump would be up to these antics that he is up to now. And I call them  antics  because how could they possibly be taken seriously. Stewart made the remarks in response to being asked how Donald Trump s extremism and support among white supremacist groups makes his latest film Green Room, in which Stewart portrays a Neo-Nazi, timely.Clearly, Patrick Stewart is not a Donald Trump supporter, and who can blame him?Donald Trump is the scariest political candidate in the presidential race and the fact that a man with strong support from white supremacists and other racist hate groups could very well end up becoming the leader of the free world is a nightmare all too close to turning into reality.Faced with this kind of person in office, perhaps we should all give five dollars to people to keep them from voting for Trump.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6388, Here’s The Brilliant Plan To Make George Zimmerman Regret Auctioning His Gun (IMAGE),"In an apparent attempt to prove to the world that he is the devil himself, George Zimmerman recently decided to auction off the gun he used to murder Trayvon Martin. The move has been universally condemned by everyone who is not a heartless monster.Fortunately, some brilliant individuals decided to hijack the online auction for the weapon, mocking the gun s sale with fake bids. The top bid for the gun was made by someone named  Racist McShootface  in the amount of $65 million dollars. As hilarious as the monkey wrenching shenanigans are, it is saddening to know that there is money to be made, so the gun will eventually be sold and Zimmerman will go on living his new life of luxury and infamy.However, one individual released a plan to turn this terrible event in history into an opportunity to do some good in the world. Shane Claiborne, a Christian activist released a post on his Facebook page where he writes that he and others had planned on attempting to win Zimmerman s gun in the online auction. From there, they would work with RAWtools, a company that turns firearms into tools.The idea of turning weapons into tools come from the biblical verse Isaiah 2:4:He will judge between the nations and will settle disputes for many peoples. They will beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not take up sword against nation, nor will they train for war anymore.Some Christian peace activists live by this verse, encouraging nations and individuals to lay down their weapons and work towards creating world peace.As Claiborne points out in the post, there is one major flaw with this plan. There has been a Twitter-storm of folks suggesting we should acquire the gun and beat it into a plow with our friends at RAWtools,  Claiborne writes.  Initially, that seemed like a powerful idea   to destroy this horrific icon of injustice, and make sure it doesn t take another life. We even had some donors offering to buy it. But then we heard the money was going to be used to fight many of the groups and movements we believe in, like Black Lives Matter. Claiborne then writes that a new plan was eventually formed. I have to say, as far as B plans go, it s a pretty good one. We are going to take a 9mm pistol identical to Zimmerman s, beat it into a plow, auction it off, and donate the money to Trayvon Martin s family foundation. Last night we sent out the invitation to donate handguns and just got the news that we have had 6 guns donated overnight (thanks to Benjamin L. Corey and all who donated so far).And all 6 of the guns are 9mm pistols. (by the way, keep  em coming  email here to donate: [email protected]) My friends at RAWtools, Inc. will be transforming the pistol. And will start the bidding within the next week or so. What a great idea. This just proves that no matter how much hatred and misery some people put out into this world, there are others willing to push back with acts of love and compassion.Here is the original Facebook post.https://www.facebook.com/ShaneClaiborne/photos/a.10150112918376371.279881.100500271370/10153375689991371/?type=3&theaterFeatured image from Rawtools via Facebook",0
6389, The IRS Already Commented On Trump’s Tax Returns And Even They Call Him A Liar (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s tax return: we ve heard about little else over the last few days. Voters are asking for them. Mitt Romney is asking for them. Trump initially told us that he wouldn t provide his taxes because the IRS is auditing them. Well, the IRS weighed in on that issue a couple of months ago, and they didn t mince words.IRS Chief John Koskinen explained in an interview with C-SPAN,  The taxpayer controls his returns. There s nothing in an IRS audit process generally that would keep you from sharing that information generally, any way you wanted to. Koskinen further stated,  It would be rare for someone to be audited every year,  and that someone would not undergo another audit for a few years,  two or three at least,  after IRS audit the previous year. It would be rare,  Koskinen stated.Source: Greenville GazetteHere s the video:Even that hasn t stopped Trump from sticking to his audit story.In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2016On Friday, though, his words were harsher, telling George Stephanopolous that it s  none of (his) business. Aside from his supporters, few people are buying the audit story. Some are speculating that he might be a lot less wealthy than he says. Romney speculates that there might be something a lot more nefarious, like mob connections.There s also another possibility, and frankly, it could be a combination of everything: Trump is simply pandering to his voters. Angry white men hate the IRS. The love paved roads and wars and many other things our tax money gives us, but they resent the fact that a percentage of their paychecks are going to the common good. As a matter of fact, Trump was one of the only candidates who didn t say he wanted to abolish the IRS altogether.There s a good reason for that kind of rhetoric. Polls show that among Republicans, especially Tea Party Republicans, only 15 percent view the IRS in a favorable light, while 62 percent of Democrats do. What could possibly be a better tactic than turning yourself into a victim of the evil feds? For Trump voters, nothing.Featured image by Scott Olson at Getty Images. ",0
6390," White House CLOBBERS Texas Lt. Gov Outrage Over Trans Students, And It’s GLORIOUS","If Texas Lt. Governor Dan Patrick (R) thought he was going to get away with being a completely transphobic jerk regarding transgender students using the bathroom, he thought wrong.After President Obama announced that any public school that refused to let a transgender student use a restroom consistent with their identity would run the risk of losing federal funding, Lt. Gov. Patrick lost his damn mind. He went so far as to say: I believe that it is the biggest issue facing families and schools in America since prayer was taken out of public schools. [Obama] has put a policy in place that will divide the country, not along political lines, but along family values and school districts. He says he s going to withhold funding if schools do not follow the policy. Well in Texas, he can keep his 30 pieces of silver. We will not yield to blackmail from the president of the United States. Yes, folks, he s that much of a bigot. Letting transgender individuals pee in the appropriate bathroom has nothing to do with  family values  and everything to do with just letting a person pee. However, many Republicans like to label anything that gives them the heebies jeebies as going against their  values,  so this really shouldn t come as a surprise. They likely used to say the same stuff back when black people wanted to use the same bathrooms as white people. These people are bigots and they re not afraid to make sure everyone knows it, coded language and all.Well, the White House heard what Patrick had to say about President Obama s directive, and hit back  hard. White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said: Well I think this does underscore the risk of electing a right-wing radio host to elected statewide office. Patrick, of course, is also known as being a very far-right conservative talk show host before being elected as Lt. Governor.Earnest also said: This is not an enforcement action. This is in response to extensive requests for guidance and for information and advice that have been put forward by school administrators and teachers and in some cases, even parents, who are seeking practical solutions to this challenge And the challenge here is not to isolate anybody, it s not to discriminate against anybody, it s not to make anybody unsafe. It s actually to ensure that our schools are as inclusive and respectful and safe as they can possibly be. He added that many schools would  welcome this guidance and implement it. In the year 2016, you d think there wouldn t still be such backward, myopic thinking that can t embrace life outside a bubble of what one might think a person should be. However, there is, and because there is, the White House is very open to a dialogue to address concerns. After all, most bigotry and discrimination is the result of lack of knowledge and understanding.Dan Patrick is being Dan Patrick. A man who likes to hear himself speak and doesn t seem to care who he hurts along the way. If he thinks the president asking schools to be inclusive and allow students to choose the bathroom of their gender identity at risk of losing funding is blackmail, then he s clearly a bigot who doesn t want to comply.Good on the White House for smacking his clear bigotry down.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6391, Bernie Sanders Draws Impressive Crowd At Pine Ridge Reservation (VIDEO),"On Thursday, 1,200 hundred people attended a community conversation with Bernie Sanders at the Pine Ridge reservation in South Dakota. During the event, indigenous people spoke out against the problems facing their community. The most talked about issue was healthcare.Alex Romero-Frederick says,  We ve had relatives that have passed away because of the substandard care at the Rosebud hospital, and as far as having ER available, we live our life like, don t get hurt. While speaking to the enormous crowd gathered before him and one community member in particular, Sanders said: One of the issues that I feel strongly about is just what you said Evie, promises were made, treaties were signed, and those promises were not kept. If elected president, we will keep those promises. Other community members were positively surprised to learn how easy it was to speak with Sanders. The cool part is he s so personable, and he s not this typical Washington, D.C.-level person that s bigger than you and more important and will talk down to you. He was on the same level of us, and that s very important to me,  said Evie.You can watch a video report from KEVN Black Hills Fox below.Sanders has made helping indigenous communities a major part of his platform. He has created policy proposals that specifically address the issues that affect indigenous people into his larger reform projects. Included in those agenda items are policies that specifically address inequality in healthcare, education, police violence, and energy infrastructure.So far in the Democratic primary election, Sanders has received massive amounts of support from indigenous communities. On his campaign website, it is noted that: Bernie is proud to have earned more than 80 percent of the votes cast in the Meskwaki Settlement near Tama, Iowa. He was also favored by voters in caucuses on and near reservations in Nevada. Sanders received a major indigenous shout out last February, when the Indigenous activist, economist, and author Winona LaDuke released a video where she publicly endorsed Sanders. You can watch the video below.Indigenous people are one of the most neglected groups of people in the U.S. Coverage of the issues that indigenous communities face hardly ever make their way into the media s spotlight. It is great that there is a candidate out there pushing those issues into that spotlight.South Dakota s primary is scheduled to take place on June 9.Featured image from video screenshot via KEVN",0
6392," Democrats Might Take Back The House, And It’s All Thanks To Donald Trump","As Republicans grow anxious and weary about an impending Trump general election candidacy, Democrats are pouncing on every opportunity to take back an unlikely chamber: the House of Representatives.In 2010, Democrats suffered their biggest defeat   one not seen since the World War II era   and subsequently lost seats (after gaining in 2012) in the 2014 election. In total, between 2010 and 2014, Republicans picked up a net 68 seats, cementing a strong lock on power.But Democrats are hoping to turn the tables in November, and their biggest weapon is Donald Trump.An analysis from Real Clear Politics shows that while Democrats have a very good chance of taking back the Senate, winning back the House would be a very steep climb, but it is possible. All Democrats have to do is show up to vote, and link every Republican running for Congress to frontrunner (and now candidate) Donald Trump. Oh, and Democrats need to vote down ticket if they want to see Congress turn blue:If current trends continue, however, Democrats may have an opportunity to win substantial gains down the ballot. In the most recent RCP average, Clinton leads Trump by 6.4 percentage points. That lead could increase, decrease or disappear before November, but it s a positive sign at this point for House Democrats. Data from recent elections indicate that very few voters split their tickets, voting for one party in the presidential race and another down the ballot. If this pattern holds, presidential performance will be intricately linked to how House candidates will fare this November.In other words, if Clinton maintains her landslide lead (yes, landslide), that means the House could finally be free of the wrath of the Freedom Caucus and Paul Ryan.Republicans currently hold 26 seats in districts Obama won in 2012 and 28 in which Romney won by less than 53 percent. Real Clear Politics  analysts contend that if Clinton could pick up all 26 from Obama s districts and just half of Romney s (due to down-ticket voting), the chances of Democrats taking back the House become inevitable.Donald Trump may be the best thing to happen to Democrats. But a coalition of liberals, progressives, moderates, independents and center-right Democrats will be needed at the booths if this is to become a reality.Should Sanders or Clinton clinch the nomination, the prospect of a blue White House, House and Senate, and Supreme Court could be a reality.With the media constantly propping up Trump to be this god-like figure, it s up to Democrats to keep the truth out there for the electorate: that there is virtually no difference between the de facto leader of the GOP and House Republicans, who time and time again have threatened women s health, immigrant families, and the healthcare of millions of low-income Americans.Democrats have a solid chance. It s time they get out and vote an deliver on the promise to keep progress moving forward.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6393, London’s New Muslim Mayor Has Some VERY Choice Words For Donald Trump (VIDEO),"While the United States has as one of its presumptive party nominees a raging bigot who clearly hates Muslim individuals, even going so far as to say that if he were to become president he would ban Muslims from entering the nation, London has just elected a Muslim mayor.Now that Sadiq Khan has been elected mayor of London, he has some very choice words for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Khan, being the son of Pakistani immigrants himself, is none to pleased with Trump s divisive rhetoric surrounding the Islamic faith. And it s true that if the United States is to embody freedom, especially religious freedom, Trump needs to be educated on what that actually is, and Khan seems more than willing to provide that education.Half joking, Khan said: I ll need to rush to come to America before November, because if Trump wins, I ll be banned from coming. But in an interview with Time magazine, he was much more serious with his remarks. If Donald Trump becomes the president, I ll be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith, which means I can t engage with American mayors and swap ideas. Conservative tacticians thought those sorts of tactics would win London and they were wrong. I m confident that Donald Trump s approach to politics won t win in America. In yet another interview, after hearing Trump congratulated him on his victory, Khan said: My point to Donald Trump is, don t make an exception for me. Reconsider your views on Islam. Driving the point home, also hoping to  educate  Trump, Khan told BBC: This isn t just about me. It s about my friends, my family and everyone who comes from a background similar to mine, anywhere in the world. Imagine if the world were to judge all Americans by the words and actions of Donald Trump. That s exactly what Trump does when he judges an entire religion by an extremist few who claim they are of the Islamic faith, but yet clearly are just sociopaths.Trump s rhetoric is not only bad for the United States, it s bad for the entire world. How is a man, who wants to be leader of the free world, supposed to do so by condemning all people of the world s second largest religion?Watch some of Khan s comments here:Featured image via video screen capture  Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6394, That Time Donald Trump Posed As His Own Spokesman To Brag About Himself (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is pretty terrible. He s exactly the sort of person who would suggest that Muslims be banned from entering the United States. He s the type of guy who would force any Muslims in the United States to register in a national database and wear special badges, then throw them in concentration camps as a  temporary measure. Trump has spoken openly about building a wall between the United states and Mexico to keep brown people out, openly encouraged his supporters to beat African-Americans at his rallies. Hell, he even has been known to keep a book of Hitler s speeches by his bedside for light reading. He s repeatedly lied throughout his campaign in an effort to paint himself as the best option to serve as President of the United States. But the Washington Post has revealed yet another facet of Trump s douchebaggery: he s also the type of guy who would pretend to be his own public relations  person so he can talk himself up.The Washington Post has uncovered an old recording of what sounds like The Donald talking himself up while speaking to reporters. The recording is from 1991, and is between the now-GOP nominee   sorry,  John Miller    and a reporter from People Magazine. Sue Caswell was covering Trump s media circus-of-the-time   his divorce from Ivana Trump, who says her former husband brutally raped her in just one of the many incidents that led to the end of their marriage as well as his relationship with Marla Maples.The  spokesman  had some interesting insight into Trump s personal life, telling Caswell that he  really didn t want to make a commitment  to Maples because he s  coming out of a marriage, and he s starting to do tremendously well financially.  He assured Caswell that Trump is a  good guy  who isn t  going to hurt anybody  and  treated his wife well    you know, aside from the horrific abuse, and all: Have you met him?  He s a good guy and he s not going to hurt anybody.  The one article said he was going to throw her out of the apartment is total nonsense.  He is going to always treat her well as he treated his wife well.  I mean, he paid his wife a great deal of money.  He did it in a very bad period of time and, ultimately, that was settled.  There were those that say that that was even put that way.  I don t know if you heard that but that Trump became poor until he got his divorce.  And then all of a sudden, he s been doing very well and I guess you probably heard that, too.But he treated his wife well and he treated   and he will treat Marla well.  He s somebody that has a lot of options, and, frankly, he gets called by everybody. He gets called by everybody in the book, in terms of women. Trump explained that he is  sort of handling PR because [Trump] gets so much of it,  and that he was simply doing the PR gig  part-time,  and even took the time to regail Caswell with a tale of the time he met Madonna.Other reporters say they received similarly suspicious calls from  Miller  or  John Barron,  and those reporters all say Trump was the person behind the calls. In fact, some of his top aides and Trump himself have confirmed that he was doing his own PR work. In 1991, People reported:Just two weeks ago, though, Ms. Maples was not even taking The Donald s calls. Not after a PEOPLE reporter played her a tape on June 26 of a man saying that he was a Trump publicist named John Miller. A shocked, devastated Marla identified the voice as that of Trump himself. He announced, among other things, that he d traded in his Georgia peach for an Italian model (Carla Bruni).  When I heard his voice on that tape saying those things, I said,  Whoa! Uh-uh. No more,    says Marla.  If he could say all that stuff and act like it s cool to have this playboy image, then oh my gosh, all I could say was,  Baby, you re on your own.   So she packed a bag, ducking the press as well as The Donald s persistent appeals to reconcile, and took refuge at the Greenwich, Conn., home of her close friend, morning talk show host Kathie Lee Gilford. There she talked, prayed (she and Kathie Lee are both devout Christians) and came to a Donald-less conclusion:  I realized I was not going to die without this person in my life. Meanwhile a penitent Don Juan-ald had come to the opposite conclusion. The John Miller fiasco he called a joke gone awry.  What I did became a good time at Mar-la s expense, and I m very sorry,  says the newly humbled tycoon. As for his wandering eye,  I d felt that I needed space and freedom after the divorce, so I took the opportunity to go out with other women, but I kept coming back to Marla. I realized, why go looking for something when you already have exactly what you want? Despite all of this, on Friday Trump denied that he was the guy behind the calls. I don t know anything about it,  Trump said during an appearance on NBC s Today: I have many, many people that are trying to imitate my voice, and you can imagine that. This sounds like one of these scams, one of the many scams. It doesn t sound like me. It was not me on the phone,  he rambled.  And it doesn t sound like me on the phone, I will tell you that. It was not me on the phone. Hear that folks? It wasn t him on the phone. It wasn t him with a bone. It wasn t him on a train. It wasn t him on a plane. It wasn t him on a boat, in a moat, or you get the idea. Sure, he may have admitted it in the past, but he s running for President now. Why tell the truth? This was so farcical, that he pretended to be his own publicist. Here was this so-called billion-dollar real estate mogul, and he can t hire his own publicist,  Carswell said upon listening to the tape for the first time in more than two decades.  It also said something about the control he wanted to keep of the news cycle flowing with this story, and I can t believe he thought he d get away with it. Unfortunately, he keeps getting away with things. Despite his horrific remarks, his repeated lies, and his generally awful attitude, The Donald has managed to land himself the spot as the 2016 GOP nominee. Republicans have repeatedly given him a pass no matter what he says or does because he represents all that is terrible about our society   bigotry, hatred, racism, xenophobia   and that is exactly what appeals to them.Compared to Trump s numerous other lies this is a small one, but it does show how important it is to him that he controls the narrative.Listen to the call below:Featured image via Getty Images/Isaac Brekken",0
6395, Mississippi Governor Whines About Imaginary Persecution Of Christians In Defense Of Anti-LGBT Law (AUDIO),"In a strong southern drawl that makes his bigotry all the more enraging, Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant attempted to defend his state s anti-LGBT law by whining about persecution of Christians, which is something that doesn t exist.When Bryant signed House Bill 1523 into law last month, Republicans made it legal for Christian business owners to discriminate against LGBT people as well as unmarried people who have premarital sex. Basically, as long as these bigoted business owners use religion as a shield they can discriminate against anyone they want.But Bryant defended the law during an appearance on a religious right-wing radio show by openly whining about the so-called persecution of Christians.According to Bryant, Christian business owners are being discriminated against when they are asked to provide service to gay people or atheists or anybody else the owner hates.Of course, that s NOT discrimination at all. Discrimination against a Christian would be if a Muslim business owner refused to do business with a customer simply because of their religious beliefs. Or if a gay cake baker refused to make a cake for a Christian heterosexual couple. If a customer is trying to do business with you, that s not discrimination at all. It s a customer making a transaction in good faith with money, which only helps the business.Nevertheless, Bryant thinks the ACLU is unfairly suing the state because he claims the law is all about preventing imaginary discrimination against Christians and is not about discriminating against LGBT people at all. I mean, they cherry-pick these issues. If they had any integrity at all, they would say,  We understand Mississippi is actually trying to make sure that Christians and people of other faiths are not discriminated against.  It is a nondiscriminatory law. It prevents discrimination against simply that segment of the population that has a deeply held religious view about marriage. Nobody is saying that bigoted Christians can t have an opinion about marriage. But that opinion does not give them the right to refuse service to a gay couple.Despite the fact that Republicans in Mississippi and North Carolina have given business owners a license to bully LGBT people, Bryant complained about alleged bullying and threats from corporations and repeated the conservative myth that transgender protections will allow men to shower in women s locker rooms and use women s bathrooms. We re criticized, we re threatened, we re bullied, we re told by corporations that we re doing the wrong thing?  Bryant said.  Where on earth have we come to simply say,  I do not wish my daughter in her school or in her university to have to have a male in the shower and in the dressing room and in the restrooms. The fact is that in 17 states and over 200 cities that have passed transgender protections there has not been a single instance of a predator using the protections as a defense to commit sexual assault. The only men who gone inside women s bathrooms are the ones the conservative Family Research Council has sent into them in order to scare people into supporting the bigoted laws.Bryant concluded by claiming that Americans support the laws and that they are  common sense  laws. I think the rest of the nation is beginning to wake up and say,  What world do they think we re living in? This is not Hollywood, this is not more liberal areas, this is America, where common sense still prevails. Here s the audio via Right Wing Watch.True common sense is knowing what real discrimination and persecution looks like. And that means Bryant has no clue what the hell he is talking about. These anti-LGBT laws legalize bigotry against a certain group of people under the guise of religious freedom, a freedom that conservatives have abused for too long. And considering the outrage against bigoted states like North Carolina and Mississippi since they passed their bigoted laws, it looks like most Americans damn well have common sense. The common sense to know what hate, discrimination, and bullshit looks like when they see it, or in this case, hear it.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
6396, WATCH: Trump Lashes Out After Being Grilled To His Breaking Point By ABC Host,"George Stephanopoulos allowed presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to phone into Good Morning America on Friday morning only to be grilled for not releasing his tax returns. Do you believe voters have a right to see your tax returns before they make a final decision?  Stephanopoulos asked. I don t think they do,  Trump replied before claiming that he will  gladly  release his returns once the IRS completes an audit against him. Of course, the audit may not be over until after the election, a fact that even Trump conceded despite feigning hope that it will end before November.Stephanopoulos didn t buy that argument, however, pointing out that an audit didn t prevent former President Richard Nixon from releasing his tax returns. The IRS has made it very clear that an audit is not a bar to public release,  Stephanopoulos said.  It s entirely your choice. President Nixon released his tax returns even though he was under audit and when you were seeking a casino license in Pennsylvania and New Jersey you released your returns to state officials even though you were under audit. Trump repeated that he will not release his returns until after the audit is complete, which may or may not be completed until after the election, so the audit is a rather convenient excuse for Trump.Trump then erroneously claimed that many presidents have not released their tax returns, and Stephanopoulos didn t let him get away it.  Every single nominee since 1976 has released his tax returns,  the ABC host informed Trump.Trump went on to claim that his release of his  financials  should be enough, but Stephanopoulos noted that such documents fail to show what his tax rate is and how much in taxes he pays.That really set Trump off as he began to complain about having to pay taxes and he admitted that he  tries very hard  to pay as little in taxes as possible. As we all know, the reason why Bernie Sanders has been so popular this election season is because one of his goals is to force the wealthy 1 percent to pay their fair share of taxes.Testiness on Trump s part dominated the remaining part of the interview as Trump repeated that he would not release his returns until the audit is complete and claimed that he shouldn t have to release his returns until Hillary Clinton releases nonexistent missing emails. When pressed further on his returns, Trump said curtly that it s  none of your business. Here s the video via YouTube.But it is Stephanopoulos s business because he is a journalist. It s also the American people s business because they deserve all the information before going to the polls in November. Trump can claim all he wants that he doesn t have secret overseas accounts or that he pays low taxes, but the American people won t know if he s lying or not until he releases the returns to the public. And since Trump is playing this game of hide and seek with his returns, the only conclusion we can assume at this time is that he has something to hide and he is doing everything he can to keep it hidden until after the election.Featured image via screen capture",0
6397," Internet Trolls Zimmerman, Top Bid Of $65 Million From ‘Racist McShootface’ Derails Gun Auction","Quick thinking trolls have taken a novel approach to shutting down George Zimmerman s disgraceful gun auction for the weapon he used to murder 17-year-old Trayvon Martin: Bid absurdly high and make it all but impossible for Zimmerman s racist fans to get a legitimate number.Enter user  Racist McShootface , who took it upon him or herself to  pay  a whopping $65 million for the murder weapon. Only he or she never intended to actually pay. Instead, Zimmerman s auction has gone haywire. After Mr. McShootface was deleted, another user named  Tamir Rice  after the 12-year-old boy who was killed by Cleveland police, jumped into the fray. Others have joined in as well.screengrab via GawkerZimmerman has had an extremely difficult time selling the gun he used to shoot Trayvon with. His initial auction was suspended after major outrage swept nearly every corner of the internet. His second auction was also deleted. Now his third is being systematically destroyed from within by trolls hoping to make it impossible for  real  bidders to get the gun.Sadly, it s not for lack of trying. As Gawker notes, at least one bidder appears to be legitimate and he has already tried to pay $485,000 for the gun Zimmerman sickly refers to as  American history.  That paragon of morality angrily lashed out at the trolls who kept derailing the auction, at one point saying that he hoped their children got murdered. A desire which, for a man prepared to spend $500,000 on a gun used to kill a child, seems believable.Since being acquitted for the murder of Trayvon Martin, who was walking home with a bottle of iced tea and a bag of skittles when he was accosted by Zimmerman who assumed he was up to no good, Zimmerman has had nearly endless run ins with the law. At times nearly broke, Zimmerman has quite literally cashed in on the murder that made him infamous, by selling anything he can to his disturbed supporters. While appalling, it was almost inevitable that Zimmerman would get around to selling his murder weapon to the highest bidder.Thankfully, the internet has a nearly endless capacity to troll assholes like George Zimmerman.Featured image via Joe Burbank-Pool/Getty Images",0
6398, Here’s Why Conservatives Are Silent About 2016 Cop Killer Data,"Police in this country had a great run. Let s face it   if you remember the 1970s, 1980s   anytime before 600 million cameras went online nationwide, a policeman s word was gold. Now, with an increasing number of people filming nonstop and the introduction of mandatory body cams for more conscientious departments, police can t simply corroborate with each other, sign a report and move on with their day. They re beginning to be held accountable for their actions. Ironically it all began with the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, which wasn t recorded. Multiple witnesses said they saw Brown shot while he was standing a safe distance away and unarmed. A grand jury failed to indict Officer Darren Wilson for Brown s death.Thus sparked the #BlackLivesMatter movement, as more and more it became evident that the narrative, pretty much nationwide, plays out differently for black men than for anyone else in society. They are killed more often. Murdered in cold blood in many cases, black men are routinely beaten after they submit if they aren t shot for looking scary and black first. Conservatives fired back with #BlueLivesMatter and started talking about all of the cops killed by black people ever.And so here we are. Politics has managed to take yet another issue all Americans should be behind and turned into a political circus. Conservatives, who are the political ideology that inspires standoffs with federal agents and wildlife refuge occupations, suddenly believe that if you don t conform with the law and do whatever a police officer tells you, you should be executed on the street. Why? Because the issue is black people. Make it about white people and all of a sudden they re holed up in their bunker with 24,000 rounds of ammunition and a pallet of canned peaches.Conservatives have been awfully quiet this year about cop killings, however, even though they are up substantially. At this time last year there were ten police officers killed in the line of duty, this year there have been 17. Certainly we should hearing about the  thugs  who murdered these public servants? No? 71 percent of the cops killed this year were killed by white men. Not scary black guys wearing bandanas, shooting at them with Uzis from the blacked out windows of an Escalade on 24-inch rims. White guys. Nutjobs, psychopaths, career criminals; come to find out white men are pretty darned dangerous   and they don t need Uzis.So where s the news coverage of the major increase in cop killings? Where s the outrage? Where is #BlueLivesMatter? Do blue lives only matter when they re killed by black men or do they matter all the time? The double standard is so easy to see it s ridiculous. #BlackLivesMatter isn t about cops or all lives. It s not about being an equal part of something when you re not treated as equal. Black men are routinely treated as dangerous, often at the end of a young, hair-trigger finger.Featured image by WP/Getty Images",0
6399, Desperate Republicans Are Begging Documented Liars From Fake News Network To Testify On Benghazi,"Congressional Republicans are so pathetically desperate to harm Hillary Clinton that they are now turning to Fox News in order to secure more  witnesses  to testify at yet another Congressional investigation into the Benghazi attacks.On the May 11th edition of Special Report, Fox host Adam Housley brought on  anonymous  sources that swore there were military assets that could have been used to save our diplomatic compound in Benghazi on the night it was attacked in 2012. There was absolutely zero evidence given by Fox during the broadcast, other than shadowy figures reading off a list of what Fox wanted them to say. This apparently was good enough for Republicans.On the May 12th edition of Special Report, host Doug McKelway reported that Trey Gowdy   who is the failed ringleader of months and millions of dollars worth of Benghazi busts   actually contacted Fox News and urged these witnesses who spoke to Fox News to talk to his committee.Gowdy did this despite the fact that Housley, the one who miraculously found these fake witnesses, has a documented history of using admitted liars and fraudsters as  expert witnesses  about the events that happened that night in Libya.One of Housley s worst actors was Dylan Davies, who played a central role in Housley s journalistic fraud. Davies claimed he personally scaled the wall at Benghazi that night, and engaged in one-on-one combat with terrorists. Later he admitted that he completely lied about the entire thing. Housley has also used unnamed sources (liars) to push similar fake stories about Benghazi in the past, all of which were debunked by literally every relevant governmental agency, as well as every previous Republican-led Benghazi hearing.You can understand, in a way, Fox s desire to talk about anything other than Donald Trump and the impending self destruction of the Republican Party. Congressional Republicans, though, have no excuse.Think about it like this. The exact same Republicans on the exact same committee are using the exact same  witnesses that their own investigations proved to be liars, as witnesses in another Benghazi investigation. What the hell do you even say to this? Illogical? Insane? Both?Featured image via YouTube screen capture",0
6400, HILARIOUS: Seth Myers Exposes Trump’s Racist White Power Pals (VIDEO),"Late Night host Seth Myers had a fun segment recently, pointing out the blatant support presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has received from racist white supremacists. Myers used a segment on his NBC talk show to lay out the fact that Trump s racist support hasn t just been a one-off, but in fact has been a series of the worst people imaginable backing the candidate.Myers discusses William Johnson, who was selected and approved by the Trump campaign as a delegate from California to go to the convention, even though he is a public white nationalist and paid for robocalls on Trump s behalf. In those robocalls, Johnson said Trump was a candidate who would defend against so-called  white genocide.  After the controversy blew up, Johnson resigned his position.Another Trump backer profiled by Myers is a KKK Grand Dragon who got caught pretending to be a Clinton supporter, but instead had a history of writing online promoting Trump and attacking Democrats.Myers also used his video to point out how incompetent the Trump campaign has been in responding to the negative press from these incidents, and despite Trump s claim to be a smooth operator, he is more likely to build a wall surrounding New Mexico than he is to build his beloved border wall in the south.The conservative movement has historically had problems with white supremacists, as they are torn by the need to pander to those voters who often exist in their base and the desire to distance themselves publicly from racist speech and actions. At the same time, that same Republican Party works in the states on laws singled out by civil rights organizations as blatantly designed to suppress the black and latino votes, and also often dismisses the concerns of protests like  black lives matter,  instead choosing to ally themselves with odious figures like George Zimmerman.Featured image via YouTube",0
6401, President Obama Wants You To Vote So Badly He’s Ready To Make History To Do It,"President Obama has officially endorsed the idea to make a national holiday set aside just for voting, in order to ensure that more Americans have the free time to exercise one of their greatest freedoms and responsibilities.A Rutgers student journalist from The Daily Targum was at the White House as part of a college journalism program. While he was there, he requested a one-on-one interview with President Obama and the president was happy to oblige.During the interview, Obama was asked about the relatively dismal voter turnout in America, compared to other countries.President Obama s response was nothing short of historic. A portion of the interview is below:THE TARGUM: You have pointed out many times that voter turnout in the United States is very low, especially compared to other developed nations. But in many other countries, the government automatically registers voters and holds elections on days that are weekend days or national holidays. Do you think it s time for the U.S. to follow their lead?PRESIDENT OBAMA: Absolutely. We are the only advanced democracy that makes it deliberately difficult for people to vote. And some of it has to do with the nature of our history and our Constitution, where we allow individual states to determine their own processes for structuring elections within certain boundaries.I think that we know some states like Oregon are doing a much better job at extending mail-in voting, increasing tools like online voting that are safe and secure, give people flexibility over a long period of time, (and) early voting. And so everything we can do to make sure that we re increasing participation is something that we should promote and encourage. Our democracy is not going to function well when only half or a third of eligible voters are participating.The single most dramatic political change that could occur in this country and the best way for us to relieve the frustrations that people feel around the political process would be if we had greater participation that was more reflective of the day-to-day concerns that people have.Source: SlatePresident Obama has made it clear for a long time now, that he would really like to do some things to increase political engagement among Americans. He s already said he was on board with making voting mandatory, but this was his first yet endorsement of a national holiday to facilitate it.Featured image via Getty",0
6402, Watch A GOP Senate Candidate Threaten To Harm A Reporter (VIDEO),"A Republican United States Senate candidate in Colorado was caught on video appearing to threaten a reporter with bodily harm. Jon Keyser was confronted by reporter Marshall Zelinger of Denver 7 at a fundraiser and asked questions about suspicious signatures on petitions Keyser had submitted in order to get on the ballot.After initially responding with talking points assuring that he would be on the ballot against Democratic Senator Michael Bennet, Keyser apparently recognized Zelinger for having recently knocked on his door in order to get a comment on the record from the candidate. That s when he relayed his threat.Keyser told Zelinger,  My dog is bigger than you are. He s huge. He s a big guy. Very protective.  Zelinger, obviously surprised by the statement, asked Keyser to clarify. In response, Keyser pointed out that his dog weighs 165 pounds.Watch the video of the tense and odd exchange here:https://www.facebook.com/MZ7NEWS/videos/1313426775337589/Keyser has been under fire because he initially failed to meet the standards for the 10,500 signatures needed to be listed on the ballot in Colorado   1,500 signatures in each of the state s 7 congressional districts. A news investigation also found that several of the signatures were apparently forged:Denver7 has talked to several people whose names appeared on petitions for Jon Keyser in the first congressional district who claim their signatures were forged.  Many of those signatures were collected by a woman named Maureen.A sympathetic judge overruled the Secretary of State s ruling keeping Keyser off the ballot, but now a progressive group in the state is petitioning for an investigation.ProgressNow Colorado sent a letter to Mitch Morrissey and Peter Weir, the District Attorneys in Denver and Jefferson County, respectively. We ask that you pursue a criminal investigation of Jon Keyser and his campaign immediately. Colorado voters must have full confidence in the integrity of the election process,  wrote ProgressNow Colorado Executive Director Alan Franklin.Under a cloud of suspicion like that, it certainly doesn t look good for Keyser to try to intimidate the press.Featured image via screen capture",0
6403, MSNBC Host DESTROYS Marsha Blackburn For Pretending To Play Dumb About Trump (VIDEO),"When it comes to Donald Trump, it sure as hell seems as though a lot of Republicans are playing dumb when it comes to how ill-prepared the presumptive GOP nominee actually is to be Commander-in-Chief. Many seem to be just falling in lock-step without considering how dangerous a person like Trump would be as president.Not giving Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn any wiggle room for bullshit, MSNBC host Tamron Hall grilled the Tennessee Congresswoman about certain things she s been saying regarding Donald Trump.After several questions where she just avoided answering at all, and giving generic answers like she hadn t yet  had a conversation with him,  Blackburn argued that she s  curious  about what he has to offer, being that he s an outsider.Hall didn t let her get away with being so mind-numbingly vague and said: I m wondering about the curiosity. There seems to have not been curiosity about the person who has been leading in the votes for a very long time. Donald Trump did not happen overnight. You have yourself, and Speaker Ryan, all trying to get to know him now. Backpedaling, Blackburn said: I ve known Mr. Trump for several years. This back and forth went on for a bit, with Hall finally saying: But a few minutes ago you said you still need to get to know him and sit down and talk to him. Which is it? You re either familiar with his policies and where he stands Blackburn, not liking being caught floundering, came interrupted with: That is not what I said and you know that. I said that let s give him and Speaker Ryan they ve had a good statement. They are going to develop these policies and it s going to be a great campaign in the fall. Mr. Trump has wonderful people working with him. They are working very quickly. Bear in mind, he has not been in the halls of Congress. He has been out running companies. Which still wasn t an answer, so Hall stated the obvious: He s been on the campaign trail for months speaking to your base. It was at this point that Blackburn seemed to struggle with her earpiece and told Hall that she couldn t hear her. Convenient timing, to say the least. Truth is, Trump doesn t have solid policy proposals and GOPers like Blackburn know this. They just don t care.Watch the interview here:Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6404, Eric Trump: Hispanics ‘Can’t Wait’ For My Dad To Win The Election (AUDIO),"Donald Trump s son Eric recently claimed that the Hispanic population is basically fawning over his father and counting down the days until Trump moves into the White House.Earlier this week, Eric appeared on Irish radio s RTE Radio1 s Drivetime to spew false information about one of the groups of people that Trump has insulted and offended the most. Spreading lies about Hispanic people approaching him to tell him just how badly they want his father to be the next President of the United States, the younger Trump said: People often talk about Hispanics. You know, I have more Hispanics come up to me telling me,  Listen, I can t wait for your father to be president. He s going to bring jobs back to the United States. He s going to end the nonsense. He s going to create good trade deals. He s going to create better education. He s going to create a better family structure. Eric also assured listeners that they can t believe everything they see on TV. Despite what the news is reporting, Eric insists that Hispanics are overwhelmingly supportive of The Donald: I see so little of the divisiveness, which is interesting. You watch it on TV, but you see so little of it out in the field. You can listen to this idiotic interview below:I m not sure what world Eric is living in, but it can t be this one. According to current surveys, Trump has basically no chance with Hispanics   a poll by America s Voice and Latino Decisions discovered that 79% of Hispanics do NOT like Trump. And who could blame them? Trump is the candidate that kicked off his presidential campaign with one of the most racist statements ever made when he claimed that Mexico was sending  people that have lots of problems.   They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. And that was just the beginning. Since then, Trump has made several more outrageous, anti-Latino statements, threatened to deport all immigrants in the country illegally, and even p*ssed off Mexico s most prominent leaders with his ridiculous border wall comments. Trump s made it perfectly clear that he has extreme prejudices against Hispanics and all of his words and actions back this up. Eric should probably spend some time educating himself, because more Hispanics than ever have registered to vote in this election   so they can vote AGAINST Trump. Republican media consultant Lionel Sosa explained this phenomenon perfectly when he said: When you take a whole group of people and you call them murderers and rapists, it s a personal affront. Sure, they are going to register, and it s going to be an anti-Trump vote. Sorry Eric, but Daddy can t fix this.Featured image via Ethan Miller / Getty Images",0
6405," Gun Dealer Backs Out Of Selling Zimmerman’s Murder Weapon, Closes Social Media Accounts","George Zimmerman, the infamous neighborhood watchman/violent wannabe cop who murdered unarmed black teen Trayvon Martin is in the news again, and as usual, it is for nothing good. Showing once more that he has absolutely zero remorse regarding the fact that he killed an unarmed teenage boy who was carrying nothing but Skittles and a can of iced tea, Zimmerman is now auctioning off the gun he used to kill Martin for more fame and money.However, Zimmerman s efforts to sell the murder weapon have been quite rocky. First he tried to use a gun dealer called Gunbroker.com to sell the Kel-Tec PF-9 that he used to gun the teen down in cold blood, but the site has now removed the advertisement, in which bidding for the gun started at $5,000. Don t be too happy with Gunbroker.com just yet, though. This is the same website that allowed targets that strongly resembled Trayvon Martin available when the controversial shooting was still in the news. The social media sites of Gunbroker.com are now down, including their Facebook and Twitter, because they know how wrong they are for allowing Zimmerman to list this gun in the first place. The listing on the site now reads, Sorry, but the item you have requested is no longer in the system. As if this cowardice isn t bad enough, another gun dealer has taken up the cause of allowing George Zimmerman to continue to profit from his murdering without remorse of an unarmed child. A site called United Gun Group has taken up Zimmerman s fame-whoring, murderous, money-making cause, and they have released the following statement regarding the listing of Zimmerman s weapon, via TMZ: A spokesperson for unitedgungroup.com says he got in touch with Zimmerman through a mutual friend once the initial listing was removed. He tells us unitedgungroup.com s stance on the controversial item is if it s legal, they have no objections and it  comes down to a moral decision for George to do what he wants with his property. But, as we are all well aware, acquittal and/or legality does not always = justice. Then again, we really can t expect gun nuts to know or care anything about these simple facts, or about the crazy and unjust law that allowed this goon to literally get away with murder. George Zimmerman is a murderer, and he has profited without remorse for being a murderer, and these events show that he continues to do so.Shame on anyone who helps this despicable excuse for a human being continue to get rich quick and rub salt in the wounds of Trayvon Martin s grieving family.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
6406, Watch Joy Behar And Trump Supporting Audience Member Go Head To Head (VIDEO),"While many in the United States have come to the logical decision that Donald Trump is stark raving mad, there are still those who apparently have made him their choice for president. One of those people was just in the audience for a taping of ABC s The View and was questioned by host Joy Behar after the show.When the woman who supports Trump (yes, woman) is asked why, she refuses to say why   which if I may add is very Trumpian, because Trump always makes claims with nothing to back it up either   he then explains that she voted for President Obama, but said that it was the biggest mistake of her life. Then she said she works in a hospital and hates Obamacare, even though moments later she said she s been unemployed for a year. She somehow thinks that Trump would actually be better for healthcare and the unemployed. When asked if maybe she should support Bernie Sanders, who wants to provided single payer and a better safety net, she adamantly refused.Now, not to speak ill of a woman who clearly doesn t understand how the parties operate and who stands for what, but it seems she wants to go back to a system that will harm her more than help her. And I think a lot of the blame for her misunderstanding comes down to misinformation and even lack of information being spread by not only candidates, but the media.This woman wants change. Sure. That s great. However, what she wants she s not going to find in Trump.Watch the back and forth here: Watch what happens when @JoyVBehar questions an audience member s support for Donald Trump: https://t.co/kQ9dGmHJ1O  The View (@TheView) May 12, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6407, Donald Trump Hints At Making The Crypt Keeper His Vice President,"Six years ago a little-known governor from Arizona skyrocketed to fame in the Republican Party by attacking immigrants and now Donald Trump is hinting that she may be his vice presidential pick   it d be a match made in Hell.Former Governor Jan Brewer signed SB 1070, the  Show Me Your Papers  bill, into law in the state and the GOP base fawned all over her. When she signed the xenophobic bill into law she said that she was doing it because she had to keep her state safe: We cannot sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of drug cartels. We cannot stand idly by as drop houses, kidnappings, and violence compromise our quality of life. We cannot delay while the destruction happening south of our border   our international border creeps its way north. We in Arizona have been more than patient waiting for Washington to act, but decades of federal inaction and misguided policy have created a dangerous and unacceptable situation. Just like Trump, she lied and demonized the immigrant community in order to appease her hateful supporters. Just like Trump, she used some of the most vulnerable people in the country as a political stepping stone. So, with that in mind, it isn t very surprising that Trump hinted at Brewer being his running mate during an interview with Fox s Greta van Susteren. The On the Record host the Republican presidential candidate if any women were on his list and he said, yes : Jan Brewer has been fantastic. She has been so fantastic. You know I won so big, her territory, we won so big. And she is a fabulous woman. Fabulous? Fantastic? Not even.Jan Brewer is a vile human being and there is nothing  fabulous  about her. The only thing that she has going for her is that she was the governor of a red state and she is as big a fear-monger as Trump. I almost hope the billionaire loudmouth does pick Governor Crypt Keeper as his running mate, his chances of winning the election will plummet even further.Featured image via Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images",0
6408, Bill O’Reilly Pathetically Defends Trump: ‘Jesus Never Put Out His Tax Returns!’ (VIDEO),"Fox News host Bill O Reilly and Fox Business host Lou Dobbs made a pathetically lame attempt to defend Donald Trump s hesitance to release his tax returns. In doing so, they made a disgraceful comparison between the presumptive Republican nominee and Jesus Christ.Succeeding in making himself look even more suspicious, Trump has recently broken his previous promise to release his tax returns before election day. Announcing the news on Wednesday, Trump said his sorry excuse was that a federal audit needed to be completed before he could release them   which is an absolute lie that O Reilly and Dobbs failed to call him out on.On O Reilly s show, Dobbs came to the business mogul s defense: Why should he turn over his tax returns when he s being audited? [H]e is facing a hostile national media that no matter how pristine those returns, it s going to find something to pick at and blow up. And then use it as some shiny object to distract from the issue. O Reilly pointed out that releasing those documents would be a  good move  on Trump s part, considering that his honesty was questioned by partisans.  It would not only be a good idea   it would be standard practice. Trump is now the first nominee not to disclose his tax returns since 1976. Even former President Richard Nixon, who was under audit, didn t hesitate to release his tax returns   a fact that makes Trump s secrecy look more shady than ever.Dobbs pushed logic aside and said, After the first billion, I lose interest.  He also failed to answer O Reilly when he asked if there was anything that Dobbs hadn t liked about Trump s campaign. Dobbs refused to give him a straight answer, because you d be just like the rest of those guys in the national media, you just focus on it. O Reilly pushed back and said, I m asking you as an analyst. You are not willing to say one thing.  When Dobbs continued to dance around the question, O Reilly yelled: If he is Jesus, how can you analyze him? Dobbs said, How can I analyze him? Because I have a superior mind that competes at least fairly favorably with your own. O Reilly giggled and replied with something truly idiotic: Okay. Let s just recap. According to Dobbs, Donald Trump is Jesus. And Jesus never put out his tax returns! Ever! Dobbs completely threw all intelligence out the window when he said,  That s a line that I can actually agree with. You can watch the puzzling clip below:Featured image via Jim McIsaac / Getty Images",0
6409, Congressional Republicans Might Cause This Deadly Virus To Overwhelm U.S.,"There has been a minor war brewing in Congress since February that the media has not received as much attention as it needs to. Many Republicans are refusing to support President Obama s plan to prevent millions of deaths from the Zika virus, an epidemic that has swept through South America and could enter into the continental United states any day now.In February 2016, The World Health Organization officially declared the Zika virus a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. That s when President Obama announced a plan to spend $1.9 billion dollars to halt the spread of the virus before it reaches the United States and the rest of North America.Below is a map released by the White House that shows how the virus can spread throughout the United States.The Zika virus is spread through mosquito bites. Specifically, Aedes mosquitos. which are often found in urban areas, are to blame for the spread of the virus. When a person contracts the Zika virus, the symptoms are usually fairly mild. Those who are infected experience pain in their joints, headaches, and pain behind the eyes. Symptoms usually persist for a few weeks and then go away. Usually, a person who becomes infected with the virus becomes immune to the disease in the future. There is no cure for the disease. Historically, there have not been any incidents of the Zika virus being a fatal. However, since the outbreak, deaths have been linked to the virus   one of which was in Puerto Rico.Even though symptoms are mild for the average person, everything changes if a pregnant woman contracts the virus. That s where the disease reveals its true power to destroy lives. The Zika virus can cause a fetus to develop what is called fetal development disruption sequence. What happens is that the brain of the fetus stops growing, or is severely scared, which leads to brain damage and conditions such as microcephaly. A condition where an infant s head is much smaller than it should be, sometimes  as small as an orange  according to NPR.As it was pointed out in an opinion piece published in the New York Times, the fact that Republicans are willing are not willing to take immediate action to stop the virus is incredibly hypocritical when you consider they tried to blame the 2014 Ebola outbreak on the president.It should be noted that not all Republicans are willing to risk the nation s health over petty budget squabbles. Senator Marco Rubio has publicly lambasted his fellow Republicans for stalling.  Rubio was quoted as saying,  The money is going to be spent. And the question is, do we do it now before this has become a crisis, or do we wait for it to become a crisis?  Rubio has good reasons to plead for urgency on the matter. Gulf states will be among the first and hardest hit by the Zika when and if it reaches the continental United States, including Rubio s home state of Florida. If only, Rubio had the same mentality when it came to other crises such as climate change.So once again, we find ourselves with a Congress controlled by neoconservatives who have neither the compassion to do what is right and act to save lives, as well as the lack of fiscal wisdom to understand that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. These types of battles are what are what legitimizes Brand New Congress s mission to scout out and support Democrats and progressive Republicans (Yes, they do exist. It s pragmatic to accept that there are seats Dems are never going to be able to take.) in elections to make a Congress that functions. Or at least one that functions well enough that they can decide that the future of the United States shouldn t look like an episode of The Walking Dead.Featured image from (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)",0
6410, WATCH: Tom Brokaw And Morning Joe BURN Sarah Palin For Threatening Paul Ryan,"The legendary newsman appeared on MSNBC to slam the media for not holding Donald Trump accountable for what he says and does, but also had time to laugh at Sarah Palin.As a guest on Morning Joe on Monday, Tom Brokaw criticized the media for not doing their jobs when it comes to Donald Trump, whose violent and hateful rhetoric has helped him become the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. In the course of the campaign, [Trump has] said some things that were just blatantly not true. He s never been held accountable for it, so many of them, and the things that he s said. Having said all of that, he did touch a big nerve out there and he ran a campaign that no one at this table or in the political world expected him to do as well as he has. But all factors in life are about how do you adjust to the reality of where you are next, how you re going to deal with the next phase of this. And we re now in the next phase. And if he keeps punching out the people in his own party in the way that he has, I don t see how that s going to help him. I just don t. But earlier on in his remarks, Brokaw talked about how Donald Trump has been treating House Speaker Paul Ryan and mentioned how Sarah Palin declared that Ryan s career will be over if he doesn t support Trump. Brokaw s mentioning of Palin immediately drew laughter from Joe Scarborough, who made a hilarious observation of his own that caused the rest of the panel to laugh as well.BROKAW:  For him to just punch out Paul Ryan the way that he has. To have Sarah Palin to be saying that Paul Ryan has no career now, that it s over for him SCARBOROUGH:  Says someone who has no career now. Here s the video via Media Matters.Sarah Palin just got burned by Joe Scarborough and Tom Brokaw and it was hilarious because what they said is true.Indeed, Sarah Palin has no career of her own. The closest she came was as governor of Alaska before she quit halfway into her term. Ever since then, she has become a professional grifter who swindles gullible supporters out of money in any way she can, including jumping on the Trump bandwagon to get more attention. Make no mistake, Sarah Palin is a joke and people should laugh at her.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
6411, Bernie Sanders Sends A Loud And Clear Message On Why Trump Will NOT Be President (VIDEO),"Over the last few months, Donald Trump has been able to garner enough votes to make him the presumptive Republican nominee for the presidency. Unfortunately, his message has been based on divisiveness, consistently attacking minorities as the cause of the country s woes. Not since the America when it was perfectly fine to discriminate against women has there been a candidate whose views on women have been so repulsive. Not since Jim Crow America, when it was perfectly fine to use the language of racism, has there been a candidate who has openly called for the oppression of minorities, specifically Muslims and Mexicans. It s taken a long time and America continues to be a work in progress, but there has been improvement and Americans continue to work hard to move the country in the right direction.Trump s America is not the America that we ve all worked so hard to better. His election would lead us to a regression rather than a progression for a better society. Thus, our values are inconsistent with that of this demagogue.Bernie Sanders reminds us of this fact in this touching video that lets Trump as well as the world know that the American people are a great people and it s our diversity that makes us so great. When we are inclusive as a nation, when we help each other rather than divide each other, we are great. Bernie s message is the message of hope and love and in the end, it will overpower the demagoguery and racism of Donald Trump.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmAimxt0GaU]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6412, Donald Trump’s Longtime Butler Calls For Obama To Be Killed In Unhinged Facebook Rant,"If a man s character really is about the company he keeps, then what does it say about Donald Trump that his longtime butler (yes, he has a longtime butler) and newly appointed  in house historian  for the Trump family just called for President Obama to be killed?Anthony Senecal, who looks like a cross between Batman s butler Alfred and the monopoly guy, took it upon himself to post a lengthy, unhinged rant on Facebook. It s safe to say he is not a fan of Obama or basic grammar.To all my friends on FB, just a short note to you on our pus headed  president  !!!! This character who I refer to as zero (0) should have been taken out by our military and shot as an enemy agent in his first term !!!!! Instead he still remains in office doing every thing he can to gut the America we all know and love !!!!! Now comes Donald J Trump to put an end to the corruption in government !!!! The so called elite, who are nothing but common dog turds from your front lawn are shaking in their boots because there is a new Sheriff coming to town, and the end to their corruption of the American people (YOU) is at hand !!!! I cannot believe that a common murder is even allowed to run (killery clinton) OR that a commie like bernie is a also allowed to also run !!!! Come on America put your big boy pants on this election you have a choice GET YOUR ASS OUT AND VOTE !!!! Thank you !!!!To summarize, Senecal wanted Obama to be kidnapped by America s own military and executed in his first term. He seemed to desire similar fates for both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders as well.And having won a second term, Senecal decided Obama alternatively needed to be  hung [sic] for treason. via FacebookMother Jones couldn t believe that Senecal would actually write that, and called him up to ask if his Facebook account had been hacked. Instead, he tersely confirmed,  I wrote that. I believe that. In other posts, Senecal has agreed with his boss that Obama is not a U.S. citizen and routinely only refers to Obama as  zero (O)  or creative epithets. When asked why he was calling for Obama to be killed, Trump s close friend replied: I cannot stand the bastard. I don t believe he s an American citizen. I think he s a fraudulent piece of crap that was brought in by the Democrats. Like many of Trump s closest associates, Senecal appears to be a complete and utter lunatic. These friends are now expecting a place for themselves in Trump s White House. Trump, who once flatly stated that he would make an exception in his Muslim ban for his Middle Eastern business associates, is clearly the type of guy who doesn t mind throwing a bone to his yes-men.In a gushing piece on Senecal published by the New York Times a few months ago, Trump s butler tellingly referred to Donald as  the king.  And this chilling anecdote:Mr. Senecal s admiration for his longtime boss seems to know few limits. On March 6, as Mr. Trump made his way through the living room on his way to the golf course, Mr. Senecal called out  All rise!  to the club members and staff. They rose.Perhaps Senecal knows better than anybody what Trump wants: Executions of his enemies and the royal treatment.Featured image via Facebook/Mother Jones",0
6413," Harry Reid Storms The Senate, UNLEASHES On GOP And It Was F*cking AWESOME (VIDEO)","On Thursday, while Republican leadership was meeting with Donald Trump, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid unleashed on the GOP for pandering to their atrocious nominee. The first thing Reid did when he spoke was to make sure that every American who watched his speech knows that the right-wing is  marching lock-step with Donald Trump  and their policies are perfectly aligned: So, McConnell has fully embraced Donald Trump. As he said last week when Trump secured the Republican nomination, I quote, I have committed to supporting the nominee chosen by Republican voters,  closed quote. While speaking with reporters earlier this week the Republican leader sounded enthusiastic about Trump s chances in the general election. I guess he should be giddy about a Trump presidency, Donald Trump is everything that the Republican leader and his party could ever want in a nomination. That is absolutely, 100 percent spot-on. We have been saying the same thing since the beginning. The Republican base is filled with racist, misogynistic, Islamaphobic xenophobes who hate everyone who isn t a straight, white, Christian male. After explaining how much the GOP loves Trump, he hit them about their Supreme Court obstruction. Then Senator Reid pointed out how much the GOP hates women: Let s talk about Trump and women. When they get together, they can talk about their policies about being anti-woman. Since Sen. McConnell has so enthusiastically embraced Trump, we can only assume he agrees with Trump s view that women are dogs and pigs. We can only assume that the Republican Leader is not repulsed by Donald Trump s vulgar behavior towards women. Look at his New York Times story yesterday on his cavorting with Howard Stern and how they talked about women. After all, the Republican Party has spent years blocking every substantive bill for American women. Equal pay for equal work. The Senator has tried to undermine women s health at every turn. Trying to turn Planned Parenthood into a punching bag, even though millions and millions of women have been helped by Planned Parenthood. The minority leader went on to say that McConnell must also agree with Trump s views on immigrants; after all, the GOP has been saying the same thing about them for years. He hit Republicans for claiming they care about immigration control, but came within hours of shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. The senator said that he  can only assume  that Mitch McConnell and the leadership are okay with Trump s  shady business practices  and  ripping off  hardworking Americans.Reid slammed the GOP for Trump s bankruptcies, their climate change bullshit, their horrible fiscal policies, Trump wanting to default on America s debt and a number of other things. He spent more than eight minutes ripping Republican leadership and it was amazing. It was also terrifying. If Donald Trump is elected in November, this country is screwed. Our children will be left with a mess of epic proportions and our older kids will probably be sent to war. There is literally nothing good that could come with putting a member of the GOP in the White House. So, remember to vote blue, no matter who.Watch Reid rip the GOP apart:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6414, WATCH: Donald Trump Vows To Place Anti-Abortion Judges On Supreme Court,"Back in March, Donald Trump made it clear that he wants to outlaw abortion, but he also conceded that overturning Roe v. Wade would force women to seek unsafe back-alley abortions that would lead to a rise of of unnecessary deaths. You go back to a position like they had where they would perhaps go to illegal places,  Mr. Trump said.  But you have to ban it. And then Trump said women should be punished for choosing to have an abortion.  There has to be some form of punishment,  he remarked.Now Trump has taken the next step toward outlawing abortion and depriving women across the nation of a medical procedure that must be available to them as an option.During an interview with Bill O Reilly on Fox News on Tuesday, Trump promised to nominate anti-abortion judges to the Supreme Court to guarantee that Roe v. Wade will fall and women will lose their reproductive rights. I will protect it,  Trump said after O Reilly asked the presumptive Republican presidential nominee what he is going to do about the  sanctity of life. The biggest way you can protect it is through the Supreme Court and putting people on the court,  Trump continued.  Actually, the biggest way you can protect it, I guess, is by electing me president. In short, Trump intends to strip women of their constitutionally protected right to choose by stacking the Supreme Court with hostile anti-abortion extremists. And Trump went on to remark that up to five Justices could be replaced in the next four years, which means anti-abortion extremists would keep the Supreme Court an anti-women s rights institution for decades if Trump is not defeated in November.Here s the video via YouTube.In response to Trump s remarks, Michigan Senator Debbie Stabenow issued a statement of condemnation. Donald Trump doesn t want a Supreme Court nominee who can be an objective umpire; he wants a nominee who s picked a side already,  Stabenow said.  And the side he wants them to pick is against women and their health care. Indeed, Republicans are already blocking a Supreme Court nomination made by President Obama precisely because they are hoping it will be filled by a Republican in 2017 after Obama leaves office. That means Trump would be be able to pick an anti-abortion nominee right off the bat to replace recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia.70 percent of women across the country already have an unfavorable view of Donald Trump due to his past remarks on abortion and the rampant sexism he has displayed on the campaign trail and during debates. Now they have even more reason to enthusiastically support Hillary Clinton or whoever ends up becoming the Democratic nominee. Because at this point, any Democrat is better than Trump.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6415, WATCH: Donald Trump Is An Imbecile Who Doesn’t Understand How Executive Orders Work (VIDEO),"The more a Trump run for the White House as a major party candidate sinks in, the more his blatant incompetence stands out. In this recent interview with Greta Van Susteren, Trump is discussing possibilities for the vice presidency, which Trump has announced will be unveiled at the GOP convention. The convention, already guaranteed to be the circus the sideshows have been building up to, will definitely have the highest viewer ratings of all time. Trump then hints that his VP pick will most likely be a person with a political background because he believes passing legislation is more important than using executive orders to get things done.Then it happened. The thing that will bring Donald Trump to his knees. He pretended to know what he was talking about and said something incredibly stupid. As the race goes on, more people with a little bit of knowledge about something are going to hear something like this and realize immediately that it s amazing that Donald Trump ever graduated high school. He s a showman who built a movement of stupidity on social media and reality television. His remarks to Van Susteren about executive orders prove that he is completely incompetent to hold the office that issues them:  We re not gonna do the executive order thing like Obama. He couldn t get anything passed You re not gonna do executive orders?  asked Van Stern,  No executive orders? Well, we ll see,  says Trump,   It depends on what, but President Obama has been signing a lot of executive orders nobody s ever heard of an executive order before. I mean, I know Bush signed them and other people have signed them, but all of a sudden it s like this major event to get things done. It would be nice to go back to the old-fashioned way   it s called passing legislation; having people get together to pass legislation. You can just hear Joe Pesci doing a scene from Goodfellas.  Hey, yo What the hell is dis  zecutive order bullsh*t. At ain t The way we do things in Hell s Kitchen.  It s ridiculous. President Obama and a team of lawyers combed the laws and precedents of our country, being fully qualified and empowered to do so, and imposed directives to the agencies under the purview of the executive branch, like the INS, as any chief executive of any company would do to those under him. When the president signs an executive order it doesn t become a law, it becomes the current policy of the federal government in its own dealings.That certainly can have a profound effect on shaping federal law, as it sends a profound statement, but as for the bulk of executive orders, they cover the mundane to the ridiculous and have been signed by every single United States President. President Obama has signed fewer than either of the Bush buffoons or Uncle Ronny Reagan. Donald Trump doesn t even need to be prompted to Palin himself. He just does it by complete instinct at this point.",0
6416," Paul Ryan Backpeddles After Trump Meeting, Covers His A** For Endorsement","For a time, it seemed that House Speaker Paul Ryan was no fan of the now-presumptive GOP 2016 presidential nominee Donald Trump. After all, Ryan has largely kept his opinions on the GOP primary to himself, but some of Trump s statements and actions were outrageous enough for Ryan to speak out. When Trump refused to out-and-out disavow an endorsement from infamous Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, Ryan spoke up and condemned the idea that the Republican Party could have a presidential nominee who flirted with the endorsements of white supremacist groups. The same thing happened when Trump came out and said that he wanted to ban all Muslims from entering the United States.One would think that these positions would mean that Ryan could not support Trump s nomination; in fact, he recently said that he was  not ready  to go all in for Trump. All of that changed on Thursday morning, though, when Ryan held a closed meeting with Donald Trump. Afterwards, Ryan made a statement to the media that seemed designed to walk back his earlier condemnations of the The Donald. He s talking about  party unity,  and says that he is  very encouraged  by Trump s remarks in their meeting. Ryan would not, however, speak on specifics of what he talked about with Trump. Instead, Ryan and Trump gave the media a joint statement that said that they want GOP leaders to   unite around our shared principles, advance a conservative agenda and do all we can to win this fall.  The statement went on to say: With that focus, we had a great conversation this morning. While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that there are also many important areas of common ground. We will be having additional discussions, but remain confident there s a great opportunity to unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working together to achieve that goal. While speaking to the press after the meeting, Ryan said: This was our first meeting, but it was a very positive step toward unification. It s very important that we don t fake unifying, we don t pretend unification, that we truly and actually unify so we are full strength in the fall. I don t want us to have a fake unification process here. While Ryan didn t flat-out endorse Trump, it seems that he is preparing to do just that in the not-too-distant future, while just a short while ago, we saw him show a bit of common sense and call Trump out for his bigoted rhetoric. But, once a Republican, always a Republican. No scruples whatsoever, so nobody should be surprised at this at all. It seems that Speaker Ryan is just another  party first  GOP shill who doesn t give a damn how absolutely dangerous a Donald Trump presidency would be for this nation and he is clearly preparing to stand behind this narcissistic blowhard as he aims to become America s next dictator president.Featured image via Gage Skidmore/Flickr",0
6417, WATCH: North Carolina Governor Wants To Kill Civil Rights Act To Bring Back Segregation,"In 2013, conservatives used their 5-4 majority of the Supreme Court to kill a key part of the Voting Rights Act. Now Republicans are aiming at the Civil Rights Act to bring back segregation.During an interview on CNN with Jake Tapper, North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory actually argued that Congress should  revisit  the Civil Right Act of 1964 to make segregation legal again so that the state can make accommodations for transgender people. I think we ought to make special circumstances for those individuals,  McCrory said when asked how we should treat transgender kids. He suggested that the federal government is preventing the creation of unisex bathrooms and that we should segregate by forcing transgender kids to use those bathrooms.Of course, many businesses have already added unisex bathrooms without a problem so McCrory seems to pretending that the federal government is blocking him.He whined about the Justice Department taking issue with North Carolina s HB2 law, which allows business owners to discriminate against LGBT customers and employees under the guise of religious liberty. And he blamed  the left  for the discriminatory laws Republicans have been passing across the country. I think that this was an argument that we didn t need to have,  McCrory said. But this is an agenda by the far left. And for some reason, the national media is saying the far right brought this up. I had no interest in this subject. But the Justice Department is basically making a civil rights claim that every private sector employer in the U.S. and every university in the United States must have gender expression or gender identity bathroom choices for individuals. 17 states and over 200 cities have simply passed laws or ordinances protecting transgender people allowing them to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity free from discrimination.It s the Republicans who made this a problem by passing laws overriding local ordinances and legalizing bigotry against LGBT people.However, McCrory would like the Republican-controlled Congress to go another step further and gut the Civil Rights Act of 1964 so that segregation can once again be legal in the United States. I think there s a time where the Republicans and the Democrats in this Congress need to revisit the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and revisit all this issue. Because these are complex issues and North Carolina for whatever reason politically has become the target by the left on this agenda. Here s the video via YouTube.If McCrory had his way, we would not only see transgender people get segregated from from the rest of the population, we would see many southern states segregate black people as well. We would once again have bathrooms for whites and blacks, separate water fountains, separate schools, and businesses could signs outside that say  whites only. Basically, McCrory made the Justice Department s case by admitting that he wants to segregate transgender people into  separate but equal  bathrooms, which is going to be pretty difficult to enforce unless you put a perverted cop in every public bathroom. Segregation has been illegal since 1954 for a reason. It goes against our constitutional values and divides Americans when we should be united.The very fact that McCrory even suggested killing a key part of the Civil Rights Act should make it clear to every American that Republicans are just itching to attack the landmark legislation to take the country backward. And if voters allow a President Trump along with a Republican majority in Congress, McCrory could very well get his wish.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6418, Here’s Why 2016 Will Be The Year Of The Woman,"Go back to 1991. Anita Hill accuses Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment just as his confirmation hearings are wrapping up. Republicans, still sour about the failed nomination of Robert Bork, decide to turn the confirmation into a media circus in an attempt to smear Hill and save their ultra-conservative zealot from being held accountable for his actions.Women in America were disgusted with what they saw   old, Republican men turning their backs on a respected women who was sexually harassed and instead blindly taking the word of their ideologue for purely partisan reasons.It was this repulsive circus show that led to the 1992 election, which was dubbed the Year of the Woman. In that very important election, as not only was President Bill Clinton elected over George H.W. Bush (who appointed Thomas), but some of the most influential women of the Senate were elected   Barbara Boxer of California, Patty Murray of Washington, and Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois.According to the House s record:In 1992, women went to the polls, energized by a record-breaking number of women on the federal ticket. The results were unprecedented; the 24 women who won election to the U.S. House of Representatives for the first time that November comprised the largest number elected to the House in any single election, and the women elected to the Senate tripled the number of women in that chamber.Women had one simple message for the GOP: they were sick and tired of sexist, old Republican men.And that is why 2016 will be the Year of the Woman. With Donald Trump as the clear cut nominee for President of the United States, there is no doubt women will come out in full force   with a clear hatred for him and his rhetoric   and send liberal women to Washington in droves.Look at the facts:According to a CNN poll from April 2016, a whopping 73 percent of women have a highly unfavorable view of Donald Trump, and it only continues to grow. Almost 40 percent of Republican women have an unfavorable view of the frontrunner. He s now the nominee for the Republican Party. The man who has referred to women as  bitches  and  dogs  is now the de facto leader of a major American political party.There are a historical amount of strong and competitive women running for the Senate this election season:Republicans fear that the Trump nomination could cost them the Senate. And with women as the Democratic nominees for many of the most competitive races this season, things are looking good for another Year of the Woman.If Democrats vote down ticket (which thy usually do in presidential elections), Democrats take back the Senate with the help of eight qualified ladies.With dozens of House races being ran by progressive women, Congress could and will look vastly different   of Democrats want it to be. All they have to do is vote. They just have to get out and vote.And with Hillary Clinton inching her way to the presidential nomination, it looks as though women will have more control than ever before, and that s absolutely a good thing.Women have one of strongest voices in the American electorate. In 1992, they were pissed and rightfully so. In 2016, the sentiments are the exact same. Nancy Pelosi and Elizabeth Warren are taking Donald Trump to task everyday for his sexist, dangerous rhetoric. Women are fired up, and they won t be quiet or sit this one out.I want women to decide this election. They ve been picked on enough.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6419, George Zimmerman Is Selling The Gun He Used To Murder Trayvon Martin In Cold Blood (VIDEO),"***UPDATE***The listing has been removed, and Zimmerman almost assuredly feels like a victim.George Zimmerman is terrible. A habitual woman abuser and child killer-turned-terrible-painter, the man who sparked national controversy by stalking and murdering Trayvon Martin in 2012 just proved that he has absolutely no shame. None at all. Not even the teensiest little bit. Zimmerman has said that he feels no regret for gunning down Martin, despite that police told him to stay in his car and not to engage when Zimmerman called 911 to report that someone walking through the neighborhood looked a little too black for his taste. Not even the fact that Martin was armed with only a can of Arizona and a pack of Skittles phases the right-wing hero. In fact, Zimmerman genuinely believes he is the victim in all this.Given his rather disturbed mentality, it is unsurprising that George is doing the most despicable thing he has done since the night he murdered an unarmed African-American child who was simply walking home: He s selling the gun he used to murder Trayvon Martin. I m a free American. I can do what I like with my possessions,  Zimmerman told WOFL on Wednesday night.  It s time to move past the firearm. And if I sell it and it sells, I move past it. Otherwise, it s going in a safe for my grandkids and [is] never to be, you know, used or seen again. Zimmerman s auction is running on GunBroker.com, where bidding begins at $5,000   the price he is attaching to Trayvon Martin s life. In his posting, he says that he is  honored and humbled  to announce the sale of  the firearm that was used to defend my life and end the brutal attack from Trayvon Martin on 2/26/2012.  Zimmerman says that numerous people have offered to buy the gun, but that the prospective purchasers wanted to use the gun in a  fashion  that even he  did not feel comfortable with. He says the firearm is fully functional despite the efforts of  B. Hussein Obama to render the firearm inoperable,  noting that the purchaser may  do with the firearm what they wish. Zimmerman says that he will use the proceeds to fight against Black Lives Matter, to end the political career of the prosecutor who handled his murder trial, and to attack Hillary Clinton. Now is your opportunity to own a piece of American history,  he concludes.Asked what he thought about the opinions of those who would oppose the sale of the gun he used to kill a child, including Trayvon Martin s parents. Zimmerman explained that he doesn t care much: They re not going to be bidding on it so I couldn t care less about them. Watch a report on this disgusting gun sale below:Featured image via Net-Biographies.com",0
6420," REPORT: These Poultry Companies Deny Bathroom Breaks, Force Workers To Wear Diapers","Plant workers for some of the largest poultry producers in the United States are being forced to work in truly horrific conditions as their parent companies generate billions in profits. According to a new report from Oxfam America, some of these employees are being denied bathroom breaks and have resorted to wearing diapers while processing the food you eat.Three of the biggest companies are named in the report.The report cited unnamed workers from Tyson Foods Inc., Pilgrim s Pride Corp., Perdue Farms Inc. and Sanderson Farms Inc. who said that supervisors mock them, ignore requests and threaten punishment or firing. When they can go, they wait in long lines even though they are given limited time, sometimes 10 minutes, according to the report. Some workers have urinated or defecated themselves while working because they can t hold on any longer, the report said. Some workers  restrict intake of liquids and fluids to dangerous degrees,  Oxfam said.The poultry companies deny the allegations, but Oxfam says they have heard similar stories before from industry employees, and allege that supervisors ignore established company policy.Oxfam has put together an online campaign with the hashtag #GiveThemABreak to highlight these horrific business practices. They also point out the contradiction in how workers are being treated versus company profits. I was stunned when poultry workers in Arkansas told me that people regularly wear diapers to work in the plants,  says Minor Sinclair, Director of Oxfam America s US Program.  They feel they have to put up with this, to keep their jobs. The supervisors do whatever they can to keep the line running at breakneck speed, and the companies turn a blind eye, as they re racking up record profits. It feels like something out of  The Jungle,  from a hundred years ago, but it s happening right now. It just isn t right. This is nothing short of despicable, and the labor board needs to investigate immediately.Featured image via Flickr",0
6421, Mitt Romney Thinks Trump’s Tax Returns Will Show Mob Ties (VIDEO),"In a Facebook post on Wednesday, Mitt Romney discussed the fact that Donald Trump has vowed that he won t release his tax returns before the election. Romney insists that Trump must have a  bombshell  in his tax returns and that they might reveal something really nefarious and  disqualifying. This statement was in response to the bombshell Trump dropped on voters on Wednesday, in which he said he wouldn t release them. Trump has previously said that he would release his tax returns once the IRS is done auditing them. This claim is bizarre on its face. Here s Trump during a debate talking about the alleged audit:Tax experts are dubious:An audit by itself would not prevent Trump from releasing his tax returns, said David Cay Johnston, a Pulitzer prize winning tax author. It is up to an individual whether to disclose his or her tax return to the public, a lender or anyone else who wants to see it.Audits are rare. Overall, fewer than 1% of all individual returns are audited, although the rate is closer to 10% for tax filers with incomes over $10 million. The IRS says it expects to conduct 1.2 million individual audits this year, the lowest level in 11 years.Source: CNN MoneyThe IRS agrees: Federal privacy rules prohibit the IRS from discussing individual tax matters. Nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information,  the IRS said in a statement released to NBC News.Source: NBC News Originally, the speculation was that Trump s tax returns would show that he s worth far less than his claim of $10 billion (or whatever he s saying today), but apparently Romney feels that it could be something much, much worse, and that Trump might have ties to the mob. Of course, that s not a huge leap to make, especially since Trump is in the construction business and in the casino business. Both industries are known for mob connections. That doesn t mean he has the mob connections, or more importantly, that he benefits from the mob connections, but it s not surprising that Romney could draw that conclusion.The irony, though, is that the tables have done a complete 180 from 2012 to now. Four years ago, Romney hadn t yet released his tax returns and it was Trump calling for transparency. Here s Romney being asked about his tax returns:Trump did eventually endorse the multi-millionaire, but not after saying this about Romney s tax returns:I think Mitt was hurt really very badly by this whole thing with the income tax returns. I believe he should have given them April 1, but I didn t think going into a little bit of detail without going into a lot of detail was positive thing. He ll come back. He has proven to be very resilient guy. He has been hurt a number of times by number of different things, he comes back. He really seems to be very tough and resilient. You have to hand it to him.Source: Fox NewsIt s somewhat surprising that Trump won t release his tax returns. He has famously said that he could shoot someone from the middle of Fifth Avenue and his followers would still love him. Sadly, that s probably true. A few billion less on his tax return can t make a difference, right? It s doubtful that even mob connections could damage him politically. Even white supremacist connections make his followers say  meh.  It could be that Trump s tax returns have something much worse, for him. They could point to illegal activity. This could be mob related, or it could be something else.Featured image via Ethan Miller/ Getty Images.",0
6422, WATCH: Target CEO Tells Anti-Transgender Boycotters To Drop Dead (VIDEO),"Brian Cornell, the CEO of the Target chain of stores, is not backing down to the demands of the religious right. The chain prompted backlash from the far right after it said it would allow people to use whichever bathroom in its stores that correspond to their gender identity.Conservatives, including national figures like Senator Ted Cruz, insisted that somehow sexual predators would take the store s policy to be a green light for assaults on women and young girls. The idea that this would happen is a complete myth, but has been used to pass anti-transgender laws in states like North Carolina and Mississippi.When Target announced their policy, some figures on the religious right called for the store to be boycotted until they changed their minds, while others have engaged in weird protests, blocking access to Target bathrooms.In an interview with CNBC, Cornell stood his ground. We took a stance, and were going to continue to embrace our belief of diversity and inclusion and just how important that is to our company,  Cornell said.He also pointed out that much of the anti-transgender sentiment on the right is similar to racist claims from the recent past.Cornell said Target is familiar with choosing to stand on the right side of social issues. Decades ago, Target was one of the first major companies to cast black models in its ads, provoking similar backlash, he said. We had a lot of tough feedback,  Cornell said,  But sitting here today, I know we made the right decision. Recent polls have shown that the rabid anti-transgender sentiment is a minority of people. Most Americans are open and welcoming, and believe that the government really shouldn t have a role in policing which restroom people go to (some might call that big government).As a sign of just how out of touch the  religious  right is here, several mega-corporations have pulled their money from states with anti-transgender laws, echoing the boycotts that rose up after some states passed anti-gay  religious freedom  laws. It doesn t pay to be a bigot in America anymore, at least not like it used to.Featured image via YouTube",0
6423, This North Carolina High School Just Made It So Trans Students Can Be Pepper Sprayed For Peeing,"It s hard to believe that so many people are so remarkably stupid and bigoted in North Carolina, but alas, they really seem to be. Of course, not the entire state, but there does seem to be a rather large group of the population that believes transgender individuals are out to cause harm. When in reality, those who are transgender are actually just living their truth and should be treated with dignity and respect for doing so.With the passage and signing of HB2, better known as the now infamous  bathroom bill,  it s basically given citizens of the state permission to be the bathroom police. To be clear, HB2 has nothing to do with bathroom safety, and everything to do with being discriminatory bigots to the transgender community.Now, because of this legislated discrimination, the Rowan-Salisbury Board of Education is now allowing students to bring pepper spray into school bathrooms. You know, to  protect themselves,  which in all honesty just gave permission to every bigoted child in that state to use this allowance as a  get out of jail free card  to those they want to physically abuse by means of pepper spray. Think about it, you can already hear the  I thought they were going to attack me  excuses piling up, and administrators being like,  well, in that case Board member Chuck Hughes, who is in favor of the pepper spray and referenced HB2 in his argument, said: Depending on how the courts rule on the bathroom issues, it may be a pretty valuable tool to have on the female students if they go to the bathroom, not knowing who may come in. Keep in mind, this also means that students will seemingly be able to have pepper spray on their person at all times while in school. Surely there will be no complications with such a thing (sarcasm).This school board just made it perfectly fine for students to openly harm transgender individuals. Individuals who just need to use the restroom like everybody else. It s outrageous and should be illegal, but instead, it s openly condoned by even the highest office in the state. Chances are, North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory would approve. Disgusting.Featured image via THV11",0
6424," Trump Has A New Nickname For Bernie Sanders, But It Works Better On Him (TWEET)","With Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Primary in West Virginia, it s left Donald Trump in quite a quandary. It seems as if he s a bully with no direction. Now he doesn t know if he should keep making up nicknames for Hillary Clinton, who is the Democratic frontrunner, or Bernie Sanders who is still putting up a mighty fight in the race.Although, it looks as though he s playing his cards very carefully, because he has still put in the time and effort to give Bernie his own nickname. You know, just in case he needs it for later.Trump took to Twitter in yet another sophomoric hissy fit after the West Virginia primary, and said: I don t want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come! I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2016So, it seems he s making sure to keep  Crazy Bernie  in his back pocket, all the while still hitting Hillary Clinton with the ever- genius   Crooked Hillary.  Although, it seems his voters are doing more to hurt Hillary than Bernie in West Virginia, with four out of ten voters who voted for Bernie saying they d vote for Trump over Clinton in the fall.Nonetheless, pretty much every nickname Trump s handed out to people have been nicknames better suited for himself: Tiny Marco, Lyin  Ted, Crooked Hillary, Goofy Elizabeth Warren, and now Crazy Bernie. Maybe he believes if he projects his insecurities onto others, people won t notice it about himself. Or is that too sound of a piece of logic?Trump truly seems to believe that he can bully himself into the White House and no one will notice that he s not at all qualified for the job of Commander-in-Chief. He needs to realize that foreign policy and diplomacy are a lot harder than getting a clothing line into Macy s.Featured Photos by Chip Somodevilla, Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6425, Jeff Daniels Returns As Will McAVoy To Blast Trump As Only His ‘Newsroom’ Character Can (VIDEO),"When The Newsroom was canceled almost at the height of its popularity, a hole was left in the world that none have yet filled. Will McAVoy, the lead character on the show, was fictional   but that didn t stop him from becoming one of the most popular  news  figures in the country. Clips from the show have repeatedly gone viral, with one video from the first episode of the show going viral repeatedly because of Jeff Daniels  character s blunt and honest statements about whether or not America is the  greatest country in the world. People are drawn to McAvoy because he represents something that is missing from American media: someone who is willing to tell the truth no matter what anyone else thinks about it. The world has missed Will McAVoy, but Daniels resurrected the character so that his beloved character could give his take on the 2016 election. While Trump is sure to respond by calling Daniels a  loser,  he tells it like it is. Bloomberg Television hosts Mark Halperin and John Heilemann ask  McAvoy  what makes Trump the  best-case scenario  for Hillary Clinton, but the fictional newscaster (drawing on the energy from the widely-shared  greatest country  segment) dropped a truth bomb   he s not: He s not the best-case scenario, John, that s my answer. Donald Trump is a fact-bending loose cannon who alienates mainstream voters with everything he says. But he gets constant media attention for free. There won t be a day from now until November when Trump isn t on every TV channel. Sure, she beats Trump in some categories: like millennials, who don t even show up to vote. She also leads in number of messages deleted on her personal email server,  McAvoy continues.  But that aside, when you ask what makes Trump the best-case scenario for Hillary, I don t know what the f*ck you re talking about. His tiny hands? Watch the clip below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6426, Heidi Cruz: Ted’s Failed Campaign Is Just Like The Fight To End Slavery,"Being the wife of failed Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is no easy task, but Heidi Cruz has just proven that she s a nut job in her own right. Either that, or Ted damaged a few brain cells when he elbowed her in the face after suspending his campaign.Although Ted s disaster of a campaign ended a week ago, Heidi s not ready to give up just yet   and why would she, considering that Cruz s family spent months claiming God wanted him to run for president, and he failed?! To try to save face, Heidi portrayed her husband s failure as just one part of a longer, bigger journey   you know, just like the fight to end slavery! During a conference call with the Cruz campaign s National Prayer Team, Heidi made this baffling comparison between her husband s campaign and the abolition of slavery when she said: I don t want you to feel like any of this was in vain. I believe in the power of prayer. This doesn t always happen on the timing of man, and God does not work in four-year segments. Be full of faith and so full of joy that this team was chosen to fight a long battle. Think that slavery   it took 25 years to defeat slavery. That is a lot longer than four years. Heidi also spoke on Ted s decision to end his campaign after Trump crushed him in the Indiana primary   a win that marked Trump as the GOP s presumptive nominee. Heidi said: I want to assure all of you that this was not a race we gave up. This was a race that no longer had a viable path to victory, and it would ve been very demoralizing for you all and the troops to go through nine states of losses. We left on a high note. We left when there was no possible way that we were going to win. Mrs. Cruz also repeatedly said that this (failed) campaign was  just the beginning  for Ted   although it s unclear what that actually means. Completely forgetting that Cruz is one of the most hated Republicans by fellow Republicans and many of his conservative colleagues wanted NOTHING to do with him, she said: We have changed the Republican Party. This is no longer about the establishment and the old way of doing things versus the Constitution. This party is now being deceived, but the old battles are behind us, the new ones are before us. It was our first national race, but we have changed the Republican Party by Ted being in the Senate and Ted running this race. Heidi tried to assure callers that her husband was planning an  enormous agenda  for when he got back to the Senate. We are not only keeping this band together, we have been having meetings five hours a day since the time we dropped out. Every single person in our leadership team in our campaign, Ted and I will probably be working with on a weekly basis in the next four years. The failed candidate himself joined the call later, expressing his disappointment that he was out of the presidential race but urged his fans to continue supporting him.Ted and Heidi are in for a rude awakening   just like the outcome of his presidential campaign has proven, Ted is too unlikeable to gain a significant following and support for his ideas. It doesn t matter that God wanted him to be the president   America s voters clearly don t. And certainly, comparing a presidential campaign to an emancipation movement probably isn t winning over anyone.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
6427, WATCH: Senator Elizabeth Warren Laughs At Trump’s Pathetic Attempt To Insult Her,"Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren continued to throw haymakers at Donald Trump on Wednesday.In response to her relentless slams against him on Twitter, the only counter punch Trump could muster was to refer to Warren as  goofy. I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate,  Trump tweeted.  I will defeat them both. He also demanded to see proof of her Native American heritage. Let s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren s records to see if she is Native American,  he wrote.  I say she s a fraud! And he used  goofy  a third time in yet another tweet. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie,  he continued.  She is not Native American. That little Twitter-tantrum came three days after Warren called out the presumptive Republican presidential nominee on Tuesday.Trump literally waited until Friday to respond and Warren noticed. I called out @realDonaldTrump on Tuesday. 45 million saw it. He s so confident about his  counter punch  he waited until Friday night. Lame. I called out @realDonaldTrump on Tuesday. 45 million saw it. He s so confident about his  counter punch  he waited until Friday night. Lame.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016Warren absolutely buried Trump on Twitter and she continued piling it on during an interview with Policy Mic on Wednesday when she was asked about Trump calling her  goofy. Really? That s the best you could come up with?  Warren quipped.  I thought Donald Trump said he was a guy who was good with words. She then went on to describe what the economy would be like under a Trump presidency. I think it will be more of a government that works for a thin slice at the top, and a government that leaves everyone else behind. And the problem with that is it s not just government. Government becomes the tool then to have the economy work that way. So increasingly we live in a world where the economy works for a narrower and narrower slice of America. Here s the video via YouTube.Warren is right to laugh at Trump. After all, he s the biggest joke in American politics right now. But, he s also dangerous as Warren pointed out. And not just to the economy. Trump has no foreign policy experience and has indicated that he would use the military and torture rather than diplomacy to achieve American goals overseas.Furthermore, Trump is also a threat to civil rights and a free press and brings no real substantive ideas to the table. He is nothing more than hateful warmonger who would create an economy to help himself and his wealthy friends at the expense of the rest of us.That s why we need people like Elizabeth Warren in the Senate and on the presidential ticket to offer Americans a real choice.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6428, NRA Board Member Ted Nugent Just Encouraged His Violent Fans To Shoot Hillary Clinton (VIDEO/SCREENSHOTS),"Stochastic terrorism is a term that means to use mass communications like Facebook to incite a seemingly random person to do violence against someone or something. For instance, leading up to Robert Dear s bloody assault on a Planned Parenthood facility, the Right   spurred on by David Daleiden s fraudulent and heavily-edited  baby parts  videos   conservatives regularly informed their mindless followers that the women s health organization kills babies and sells them in pieces for profit. All across the Right, including from presidential candidates, a single message resounded across the Stupid Part of America: someone somewhere needs to do something about this. Someone needs to be a hero.And someone stepped up. Robert Dear killed multiple people in his quest to unilaterally stop Planned Parenthood s evil acts. The system, for our frenemies on the Right, worked.In what can only be viewed as an attempt to incite violence against Clinton, Nugent posted a video to Facebook that depicts 2016 hopeful Bernie Sanders shooting Clinton during a debate. The photo was captioned,  I got your guncontrol right here bitch! The graphic video shows blood spouting from Clinton s chest after Sanders  shoots  her   a very pleasing sight for Nugent s immensely stupid and bloodthirsty followers.          It is obvious through a perfunctory glance that these people would love to see Clinton dead. Sanders too, though many made it clear that he would  earn their vote  by actually shooting Clinton, even if he is a dirty Communist bastard (they don t know what Communist means). Obviously, no one has taken a shot at Clinton yet, but the more right-wing figures encourage such a thing, the higher the chance that someone, somewhere is going to take them up on their suggestion.After all, as Robert Lewis Dear demonstrated, it only takes one crazy person listening to the violent rhetoric who decides that he wants to make a difference.Ted Nugent once adopted a 17-year-old girl so he could have sex with her without difficulty, intentionally sh*t his pants to get out of going to war, and has made numerous racist remarks about Barack Obama and other notable African-American figures. This has no relevance to the situation at hand, but we thought it important to note whose opinion these people consider important.Watch the disgusting video below:Featured image via Getty Images/David Livingston (modified) ",0
6429, Nancy Pelosi Blasts Republicans For Hypocritically ‘Denouncing’ Trump,"There s an old saying: pot, meet kettle. Republicans have become renowned for their absolute hypocrisy in recent years, especially their vile, hateful rhetoric towards anyone who isn t a white, straight Christian. But now that Donald Trump is the party s de facto leader and presidential frontrunner, Republicans all across the country are now distancing themselves from him and his hateful remarks.But Nancy Pelosi is not letting Republicans get away with their pathetic  softer image  shtick. Saying there isn t a  dime worth of difference  between Trump and the other Republicans, Pelosi blasted the GOP leadership for stoking racial demagoguery: Some Republicans, including members of their leadership, have said they cannot support the vile rhetoric and radical proposals of the Republican front-runner. Today, we have gathered to ask, since when? Since when have the House Republicans been so concerned about intolerant statements and discriminatory ideas? She then added,  Year after year, Republicans have enthusiastically turned their intolerance and their discrimination into legislation.  Pelosi then lambasted the GOP for their constant attacks on women s reproductive health, which has become synonymous with Trump s call to  punish  women who get abortions.Along with Reps. Jim Clyburn and Xavier Beccara, both Democrats, the minority leadership went all in on the GOP, and rightfully so.Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer echoed the Minority Leader s words, saying: The Republicans have created an environment in radicalism, fear and exclusion. The presumptive nominee is the result of their work, and what they have sowed is what they are reaping. Pelosi and Hoyer, as usual, are on the money.While Republicans are working overtime trying to soften Trump s vile image, the Democrats are doing their job of reminding the American people that there really is no difference between the new leader of the GOP and those in current power.With Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi revving up their attacks on the GOP frontrunner (and indeed the whole party), 2016 may be the year of women in politics.And if that s the case, Donald Trump and Senate Republicans should be very afraid.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
6430, It’s Happening: Trump Says Rudy Giuliani Will Head ‘Commission’ To Figure Out How To Ban Muslims,"As the creeping realization that Donald J. Trump is, in fact, the Republican nominee slowly dawns on conservatives, there has been a new push to re-frame the candidate as more  presidential  and more  serious  than people had originally thought. This requires a level of mental gymnastics that would qualify for the Olympics. While Trump s backers   and some in the media   continue to insist Trump is  shifting  towards maturity, he keeps emphatically insisting that he really is the racist, xenophobic blowhard he originally postured himself as.Consider this: Just one day after the newly elected mayor of London publicly humiliated Trump over his abhorrent plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States, Trump was on increasingly pro-Trump Fox News to announce his latest Big Plan for when he s president: A tribunal run by Rudy Giuliani with the sole purpose of working out what to do about the Muslim  problem. We have a president that won t even use the term  radical Islamic terrorism.  He won t use the term. He refuses to say the term, even after Paris where 130 people were killed or San Bernardino or any other place. It s a real problem. So we ll figure it out, and we will get it going. But we have to be extremely careful. In fact, I m thinking about setting up a commission perhaps headed by Rudy Giuliani to take a very serious look at this problem. But this is a worldwide problem, and we have to be smart.Giuliani, famous for his handling of New York City s response after 9/11, has spent the last decade and a half growing increasingly fanatical. In recent years it s not uncommon to see him on Fox News complaining about black people and Muslims in ways that sometimes even make the conservative hosts blush.Giuliani is now Trump s go to guy on Islamophobia. When the candidate spuriously claimed that  thousands  of Muslim Americans were cheering on 9/11, Giuliani quickly rushed onto CNN to describe, in vivid detail, one such example. We had one situation in which a candy store owned by a Muslim family was celebrating that day, right near a housing development. And the kids in the housing development came in and beat them up.And, I think both facts were corroborated to be true. Because they were celebrating that the towers were coming down, some of the kids got really upset about it and they came in and did a pretty good job of beating them up. Except those  facts  were not true. What Giuliani was referring to turned out to be an anti-Muslim hate crime. Here s what really happened that day:Yesterday I saw first-hand how anger over the World Trade Center attack turns on Muslims who call New York home. At 4:30 p.m. on 116th St., five black teenagers stopped in front of the American Muslim Community of East Harlem site   a closet-sized candy store with a make-shift mosque in a back room. Tiny store owner Muhammad Chaudhry stood in the doorway. One of the teenage boys asked him,  Do you feel sorry for America? The kid then gave Chaudhry a knock-out punch in the face that sent him reeling backwards and onto the floor.This man, whose hatred for Muslims made him misremember a hate crime to fit his warped view, will now be tasked with solving Trump s fabricated Muslim  problem.  That is a very scary thought.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
6431, Republican Gene Simmons Just Said Something Truly Horrible About Prince,"When iconic musical artist Prince died last month, the music world and anyone who cares about music suffered an unspeakable loss. Well, most of the music world. Kiss frontman Gene Simmons had some choice words on Prince s death, and they really only point to what a despicable human being Simmons is. Bowie was the most tragic of all because it was real sickness. All the other ones were a choice,  Simmons said.  Drugs killed [Prince]. What do you think, he died from a cold? I think Prince was heads, hands and feet above all the rest of them. I thought he left [Michael] Jackson in the dust. Prince was way beyond that. But how pathetic that he killed himself. Don t kid yourself, that s what he did. Slowly, I ll grant you   but that s what drugs and alcohol is: a slow death. Source: Consequence of Soundattends Relativity Media s  Movie 43  Los Angeles Premiere held at the TCL Chinese Theatre on January 23, 2013 in Hollywood, California.Before we tear apart Simmons, let s dissect his comments. As Lorraine Berry of Raw Story noted, Prince did not die from drugs (the coroner s report has not yet come in   the cause of death is still speculative), he died of chronic pain, which is epidemic in itself. Prince had had double hip surgery. Nearly everyone takes pain pills after major surgery like that. It s the job of his doctor to monitor the pain and the drug use.As for drugs being a slow death, yes, they are, but so is eating too much, drinking too much, and sometimes, even exercising too much. Everyone dies and many people, if not most people, had done things in the past that might have led to their deaths, so let s stop stigmatizing people who mistreat their bodies in what s considered the wrong way. Besides, addiction is a disease. Blaming the addict for becoming addicted to a drug his doctor told him to take is like blaming a dog when its owner doesn t teach him how to act.As for Simmons, well, he s a Trump supporter. He loves that Trump says obnoxious things and that people don t care. He doesn t want your money. This guy funds his own campaign, and he is going to say things that tens of millions of people actually say quietly because politically it s  incorrect. Source: BreitbartHe claimed to have voted for Obama in 2008 (trolls say that also), but he is now ashamed. In 2012, he backed Romney. He also voted for George W. Bush, who tried to slowly kill our country.This was not the first time Simmons opined about drugs and even about depression. I don t get along with anybody who s a drug addict and has a dark cloud over their head and sees themselves as a victim,  Simmons said.  Drug addicts and alcoholics are always:  The world is a harsh place.  My mother was in a concentration camp in Nazi Germany. I don t want to hear f k all about  the world as a harsh place.  She gets up every day, smells the roses and loves life. And for a putz, 20-year-old kid to say,  I m depressed, I live in Seattle.  F k you, then kill yourself. He added:  I never understand, because I always call them on their bluff. I m the guy who says  Jump!  when there s a guy on top of a building who says,  That s it, I can t take it anymore, I m going to jump.  Are you kidding? Why are you announcing it? Shut the f k up, have some dignity and jump! You ve got the crowd. Source: Radio.comYep, he s an ass.Featured image of Prince by John Sciulli with Getty Images. Featured image of Gene Simmons by Alberto Rodriguez at Getty Images.",0
6432, AZ Man Tries To Be A ‘Hero’ By Shooting At Shoplifters (VIDEO),"An Arizona gun nut has been charged with  multiple crimes after he decided to shoot at two men who shoplifted some stuff from a Chandler, Arizona Walgreens location in March.According to John Haag, 25, he was at Walgreens when he saw two men running from the store. Haag asked the store employees if they d been robbed and they told him yes, so he decided to take the law into his own hands. Instead of calling the police like an intelligent human being, Haag got into his car and chased the suspected robbers. ABC15 news obtained a video that shows Haag pulling up to the U-Haul the men were driving and firing his gun at the vehicle. After shooting at the suspects, he drove away.According to officials, the people who Haag shot at weren t robbery suspects at all. Instead all they had done was shoplifted from the store. Police said that this crime would not justify the level of force  used by a man who said he wanted to  be a hero. Cops were able to find the idiot after he posted  just witnessed a robbery at Walgreens again, this time, I had my gun true story  on Facebook.Speaking to ABC15, Haag said: I feel I had good intentions. I meant the best. I meant to disable the vehicle. First of all, he completely missed the vehicle that he was firing at   clearly he should not be shooting a weapon when his aim is that bad. Secondly, he discharged the firearm in the middle of traffic and that bullet could have ricocheted and killed someone. Haag went on to say that he thinks more people should try to be heroes: Most people are scared. Tons of people nowadays are in fear of what will happen to them and that s not cool. That s why we have more crime. He s right, I do fear what will happen to me, my family and my friends, but not because of shoplifters. I am way more concerned that I or someone I love is going to be killed by a dumbass like him who thinks it s okay to fire a gun in traffic. I worry that my son is going to be Second Amendmented to death by gun nuts. I worry about things like that because it is obvious that we have millions of gun owners in this country and many of them do not have the common sense given to a squirrel.Haag has been charged with aggravated assault, unlawful discharge of a firearm and drive-by shooting. Hopefully a judge rules that he can never own a gun again.Watch:Featured image via video screenshot",0
6433, Ann Coulter: Trump Doesn’t Need GOP’s Support – ‘He IS The Party’ (VIDEO),"Conservative columnist Ann Coulter took her vomit-inducing support of Donald Trump onto MSNBC yesterday to argue that the presumptive Republican nominee shouldn t even bother trying to convince prominent GOPers like House Speaker Paul Ryan to support him. She said it was a complete waste of the business mogul s time because he pretty much owns the GOP and represents the  heart and soul  of the Republican party now.As the discussion about Trump s Thursday meeting with Ryan was being discussed, host Chris Matthews wondered what might actually convince Ryan to support a presidential candidate that he was clearly having reservations about   and who could blame him?! Coulter shrugged this off and laughed, asserting her opinion that Trump was only having this meeting with Ryan out of the goodness of his heart. Coulter told Matthews: It shows that Trump is being unbelievably gracious. He doesn t need to have this meeting [with Paul Ryan]. He is the party. He is the heart and soul of the party. Pointing out just how incredibly  gracious  this stunt by Trump is, she told Matthews that he could have just said,  hope he comes aboard, we re gonna have a lot of fun, but if he doesn t, oh well  after Ryan withheld his endorsement.To make Coulter s appearance on the show even more outrageous, she made sure to promote her new book, In Trump We Trust. She said that in the future, she hoped that Trump wouldn t waste any more of his precious time convincing the GOP to back him. The people are with him, and there s no point in meeting with all these generals without armies. According to Ryan, his meeting with Trump will be centered around  how to unify the Republican Party.  Ryan said: It s been a bitter and divisive primary. It s going to take more than one week just to repair and unify this party. Apparently, Trump thinks he s got this one in the bag.TwitterFeatured image is a screenshot",0
6434, GOP Anti-Trumpers Have A Hail Mary Idea To Stop Trump That Just Might Work,"As Donald Trump makes the downhill run to Cleveland this July, those loyal to the Republican party who see it as a viable political entity for the next century rather than the cesspool of racism, hypocrisy and hate run by the wealthy that it is are trying desperately to save their beloved sham. America is divided. Politically we are either in favor of progress and societal evolution or we re with the rich guys who couldn t care less, but all life matters and poor people are stealing your paycheck.It really is that simple. You don t hear about plans to save and revive the Democratic party; our numbers grow as people learn to read and use Google. How many times can a person with any intelligence land back on a  pants on fire  designation for yet another conservative  news  crock of sh*t before they figure out the GOP is a scam?? Anyway, those people who are tried and true Republicans who know that Donald Trump is about to be the laughing-stock of the nation when actual debate issues come up and the Republican party will pay dearly.As he alienates more and more groups of people, trying desperately to get elected exclusively by angry white males, the establishment Republicans charged with seeing their party into the future can t endorse it. Mitt Romney and Ben Sasse are kicking around the idea of a third-party run, not by them of course, but the inevitable result of splitting the conservative vote is a Clinton win. It looks like the inevitable result of a straight Trump versus Clinton matchup ends with a Clinton win as well, so those still interested in seeing anyone but Donald Trump represent the Republican party in November are beginning to think of longshot last plays. The #NeverTrump movement has come up with one, and if properly put into place, it could change electoral history.In order for someone to win the White House, they must receive 270 electoral votes. Democrats have a distinct lead in electoral votes before polling begins, so the GOP always faces an uphill battle to begin with. If you want to see a third-party candidate in the White House you don t have to run one in the election, you just have to make sure neither of the candidates from the major party gets to 270. What happens then? According to the Constitution, the House of Representatives will then appoint Paul Ryan or Mittens or Jeb Bush or whoever else they feel works best for their political agenda, by a simple majority vote.So how do you keep the candidates from getting enough electoral votes? The idea from #NeverTrump is simple enough in theory: Run an influential person in each state and only in that state. Take enough electoral votes that way and nobody gets to 270. Think about it What if enough people in Florida decided that they would vote for Jeb Bush because neither of the major party candidates appealed to them. They know Jeb; they trust him. If he s on the ticket there s a darned good reason. In 2000 that by itself would have sent the presidential election to a vote, not restricted to the candidates on the ballot, in the congressional lower chamber. If that happens this year, Speaker Ryan will get to appoint his first president.The #NeverTrump movement is more than likely futile because in the end the Republicans are gonna batten down the hatches and ride the Trump wave all the way to historical comedy.Featured image by Matt Mills McKnight/Getty Images",0
6435, Trump Bribed An Author To Hide These Facts About How Cruelly He Divorced One Of His Wives,"In 2005, Robert Slater wrote a book called No Such Thing as Over-Exposure: Inside the Life and Celebrity of Donald Trump. It was a biography but eventually it turned out to be an example of how Trump resorts to bribery to rewrite his own public history.Donald being Donald, his own ego demanded he get involved personally in the book s creation once he was made aware of it. He had to ensure that it was nothing but a positive story about him.Slater described what happened when Trump saw the book: He asked me to take out an anecdote that he had told me on the plane flying to Chicago about how he had informed his second wife that he was going to divorce her by announcing it first to the New York Post. Greatest anecdote anybody has ever told me. He put the newspaper down in front of her door that said,  Donald is Divorcing Marla.  That s how she learned about the divorce.Donald was not even enough of a man to tell his own wife that he wanted a divorce. He was such a coward and bully that he announced it to a tabloid trash  newspaper,  while publicly shaming her for literally the entire world to see. How the hell will he ever deal with Vladimir Putin if he can t deal with talking to his own wife?Then there s that bit about the bribe: Trump promised Slater that if he liked the book he would buy a huge number of them. This is how Trump operates. He s so ashamed of his past that he offers money in order to whitewash his own history.Slater said that his publisher saw nothing but dollar signs, so despite his inclination at first towards integrity and truth, they gave in and whitewashed the biography of those facts to ensure a big payday directly from Trump s wallet.At the end of the day, Trump is the longest term case study for  affluenza.  He was born a rich a-hole who just spent years growing bigger. Given his celebrity, he literally globally shamed his wife at the time, then used money to avoid some of the consequences of his actions.Featured image via Getty",0
6436, WATCH: Top Trump Aide Admits He Sees The Presidency As ‘The Ultimate Reality Show’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is a reality television star and we ve heard from numerous people, including President Obama himself, that this is not a reality show like he thinks. Jeb Bush repeatedly hammered Trump for not being a serious candidate. Enter his top strategist, Paul Manafort, who spoke to Chris Matthews on MSBNC Tuesday night, where he directly reinforced the serious joke that is Donald Trump and his campaign.Manafort and Matthews were discussing just how exciting the GOP convention will be. Manafort insisted that, since Trump is already a TV star, he understands the media, and he can make the convention and everything else very entertaining. It s just absolutely, fantastically frightening that we have a candidate with a strategist who thinks this is all just entertainment.The kicker in this interview came when Matthews and Manafort got into this exchange:MATTHEWS:  You re going to have to break some eggs, though, right? MANAFORT:  I don t think we have to break any eggs. MATTHEWS:  Reince Priebus is going to give us an exciting convention? Come on! MANFORT:  Donald Trump is going to give you an exciting convention. MATTHEWS:  Okay, how? Do you have some movies or- MANAFORT:  We re going to have a program put together, it s not put together yet- MATTHEWS:  A reality show of some kind? MANAFORT:  Well, this is the ultimate reality show, the presidency of the United States. This made us facepalm our eyeballs into the backs of our heads. Watch the whole bizarre exchange below:So there it is. Manafort himself admitted that the Presidency of the United States is, in his view and probably Trump s view, a reality show. That is the most incredible, and unbelievable, position a candidate can take. A Trump presidency will literally make us the world s biggest punchline, whatever Trump himself thinks.Featured image via screen capture from MSNBC video",0
6437, This Is Proof That Donald Trump May Be The WORST Money Manager In The Campaign (VIDEO),"While there have been what seems like dozens of Republican debates, one stands on its own as the one Trump didn t attend. That debate happened in January, and in lieu of attending, Trump held a rally that was supposed to raise money for veterans. Unfortunately, though, half the $6 million raised never got to the veterans and no one knows where it is.The Trump campaign said the event raised $6 million for different veterans groups, with Trump himself contributing $1 million, but details released by the campaign Thursday show only about half of that money has been dispersed so far.The campaign did not provide specifics earlier this week, but after a CNN report aired Thursday morning questioning the contributions, a spokeswoman shared a list in the afternoon showing 27 veterans organizations that have received a total of $2.9 million to date.The campaign promised that it was no big deal and that the veterans would get the money as soon as they figured it out. Well, several months have passed, and the missing $3 million is still missing. All they have now is deflection. If the media spent half as much time highlighting the work of these groups and how our veterans have been so mistreated, rather than trying to disparage Mr. Trump s generosity for a totally unsolicited gesture for which he had no obligation, we would all be better for it,  (campaign spokeswoman Hope) Hicks said Thursday.When asked about the money by CNN s Chris Cuomo, the network s Drew Griffin said:We found the same thing that you found Chris, a lot of promises and not a lot of answers and it just shouldn t be that hard, number one in the big scheme of things it s just not that much money and the accounting is not that difficult to do.Here s a video from CNN:Some experts say that this isn t that unusual, that it often takes a few months before large donations make it to their destination, but others say that the veterans organizations should have been paid by now. The bigger question, though, is where the hell is the money?Whether this is an innocent mistake or something much worse, it doesn t bode well for the Trump campaign, but few are covering this. Trump is a terrible money manager. He has filed bankruptcy a whopping four times and he promised to do the same with the United States. Of course, even if every one of Trump s supporters were to read this, they wouldn t care. Hell, he could steal money right out of veterans  hands, and they wouldn t care. It s just like Obama Derangement Syndrome (and Clinton Derangement Syndrome), only the exact opposite.Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
6438, SC Man Uses ‘Stand Your Ground’ Law As Reason For Bail After He ‘Slow Cooked’ Murder Victims,"Stand your ground laws are reasons for legalized murder, literally, and here South Carolina has given you proof. This is no murky case a la Michael Brown or Trayvon Martin (though, to sane people, those weren t murky, either). But no   one 39-year-old James Edward Loftis of Goose Creek, South Carolina, is using the state s  Stand Your Ground  law to literally get away with cold blooded, pre-meditated murder. It looks like it could work, too.Reports say that Loftis had called a cab to take him home from a strip club, but failed to pay the fare. That s when all hell broke loose. The cab driver, 46-year-old Guma Oz Dubar, along with his friend who was present at the time, 32-year-old Cody Newland, insisted that Loftis make good on the money they owed him for the cab ride. Loftis has provided many different details regarding what transpired next, but his story is the only ones the police have, as Newland and Dubar are dead, by Loftis  hand. The only thing the defendant will confess to is shooting both victims before burning their bodies in graves he dug in his own yard to hide his crimes.Deputy Solicitor Bryan Alfaro said of Loftis s actions: They were essentially just slow-cooked inside the grave site. After that, Loftis s attorney decided to use the state s so-called  stand your ground  law to try to get the defendant off. The law says you can kill people invading your property. However, these people were not invading. They had picked this dude s drunk ass up from a strip club, and he didn t want to pay for the ride home. Doesn t sound like much of an  invasion  to me. This defense, however, got the judge to decide that Loftis is not a flight risk, and, despite his cold-blooded commission of a double murder, Loftis is now out on $250,ooo bail.Loftis s lawyer, Stephen Harris, continues his ludicrous defense, saying: He s a human being. He freaked out and thought he was going to prison, so he tried to hide the bodies. Nobody knows how you re going to react when you kill two people.Well, Mr. Harris, most folks would just pay the cab fare and go in, instead of stiffing the driver and then killing him and his friend. But I suppose that is irrelevant to you and your client, right? Two innocent people are dead over this insanity, and you re going to use South Carolina s insane gun laws to get your client off when he should clearly rot in prison for the rest of his life.I wish there were a Hell so you and Mr. Loftis could burn there. Condolences to the families of the victims your client murdered.Featured image via mugshot/screen capture via Raw Story",0
6439, Trump Just Added A White Nationalist To His Official Convention Team,"Donald Trump s presidential campaign has enlisted an avowed white nationalist racist in order to be a delegate at the Republican Party convention in Cleveland, Ohio this summer. The announcement comes as Trump has begun holding meetings to integrate his presidential campaign with the national Republican Party.William Johnson s connection to white nationalism is not incidental to his political activism. It is central to it.On Monday evening, California s secretary of state published a list of delegates chosen by the Trump campaign for the upcoming Republican presidential primary in the state. Trump s slate includes William Johnson, one of the country s most prominent white nationalists.[ ]Johnson leads the American Freedom Party, a group that  exists to represent the political interests of White Americans  and aims to preserve  the customs and heritage of the European American people.  The AFP has never elected a candidate of its own and possesses at most a few thousand members, but it is  arguably the most important white nationalist group in the country,  according to Mark Potok, a senior fellow for the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), which tracks hate groups.In an interview with Mother Jones magazine, Johnson said,  I can be a white nationalist and be a strong supporter of Donald Trump and be a good example to everybody. This is not Johnson s first work in service of the Trump campaign. He was the money behind white power robocalls promoting Trump in seven states.Trump has based his campaign on blatant racist appeals to white, conservative-leaning voters, in the hopes that they power him to victory. His campaign and party chairman Reince Priebus have indicated that they hope to appeal to rust belt voters who have gone Democratic in the last few elections in states like Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Ohio.The risk of that strategy is that it also motivates key elements of the coalition that elected President Barack Obama twice   women, Latinos, and blacks   as well as moderate and liberal white voters.Enlisting the aid of white nationalists may provide some form of temporary boost to Trump, but it is likely to be an albatross that can be hung around his neck in the fall election by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.Featured image via Flickr",0
6440, Back In 2006 Trump DEFENDED Hillary On Her Iraq Vote Knowing She Was Lied To,"One of the biggest talking points being used by the Donald Trump campaign against Hillary Clinton is that she voted for the Iraq War. Which, technically she did. She approved of the authorization to use force if necessary after an inspection and investigation into the use of weapons of mass destruction, an investigation that was manipulated to get us into war, but then later found no such weapons.According to CNN, the Center for Public Integrity and its affiliated group, the Fund for Independence in Journalism, reported: The Bush administration led the nation to war on the basis of erroneous information that it methodically propagated and that culminated in military action against Iraq on March 19, 2003. Let s recall exactly what Clinton said back in 2002 in regards to the vote: Even though the resolution before the Senate is not as strong as I would like in requiring the diplomatic route first   I take the president at his word that he will try hard to pass a United Nations resolution and seek to avoid war, if possible. Because bipartisan support for this resolution makes success in the United Nations more likely and war less likely and because a good faith effort by the United States, even if it fails, will bring more allies and legitimacy to our cause I have concluded, after careful and serious consideration, that a vote for the resolution best serves the security of our nation. If we were to defeat this resolution or pass it with only a few Democrats, I am concerned that those who want to pretend this problem will go away with delay will oppose any United Nations resolution calling for unrestricted inspections. Adding: This is a difficult vote. This is probably the hardest decision I have ever had to make. Any vote that may lead to war should be hard, but I cast it with conviction.   My vote is not, however, a vote for any new doctrine of preemption or for unilateralism or for the arrogance of American power or purpose.Arguing, that her vote: Is not a vote to rush to war; it is a vote that puts awesome responsibility in the hands of our president. And we say to him: Use these powers wisely and as a last resort. Her position was clear, and back in 2006, Trump knew that Hillary s vote to authorize force was  horrendous,  but told New York Times reporter Maureen Dowd: Don t forget that decision was based on lies given to her. Adding: She s very smart and has a major chance to be our next president. When one makes a decision based upon lies, one must still be held accountable, but others must remember that lies were told. Back in 2006, Trump seemed to understand that while, yes, her vote wasn t ideal, she made the decision based upon information given to her at the time and she made clear war was to be used as a last resort after all diplomatic means were exhausted.For Trump to now use this against her is either willful ignorance or pure political pandering. He s a man with no policy experience and knows Hillary will be able to crush him at any debate and is far more qualified than he could ever dream of being, so he s grasping at popular mudslinging straws that he sees others use, because they work. Yet, facts will prevail, and the internet will uncover his opinions from the past. He s got nothing on Hillary, and he knows it.Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6441," NRA Tried To Attack Hillary, Accidentally Proves We Need Better Background Checks (VIDEO)","The National Rifle Association recently made a pathetic attempt to attack Hillary Clinton   and it backfired horribly.The NRA thought it had released a clever video bashing Clinton s record of approving arms exports when she served as Secretary of State, but instead they validated what gun control advocates have been asking for all along: better background checks.In the video, Conservative host Dana Loesch accuses Clinton of letting the decision about whether or not to export arms to foreign nations be based on what countries had made donations to the Clinton Foundation. These were, of course, false accusations   but the NRA still tried to shame Clinton for something she didn t do. In actuality, the U.S. has the highest standards in the world for deciding whether to approve gun sales to foreign nations. But the NRA was apparently so focused on bashing the Democratic front runner, that the right-wing organization completely missed the fact that they d made a great case for background checks when Loesch said:Brilliant. The video also makes another important point   that countries approved for export permits are at least investigated to ensure that countries receiving guns from the United States will be using them  to promote our national security interests and foreign policy objectives.  But in America, that s a different story. Guns are not only available to our military, but to nearly anyone who can clear just a few legal/safety requirements.And it gets better. Loesch continued to spew nonsense, once again unintentionally making a case for women in other countries and completely ignoring the fact that America has a huge issue with guns and domestic violence: When Hillary Clinton isn t trying to disarm women and prevent us from the equal opportunity exercise of our pro-choice right to self-defense, she is approving billion-dollar arms sales to countries with horrendous human rights records. Countries where women have little to no rights, countries like Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Oman, and others. According to gun reform group Everytown Research, domestic violence and gun deaths are very closely linked, but the NRA is choosing to be ignorant. Domestic violence in America is to a significant degree a problem of gun violence. Over the past 25 years, more intimate partner homicides in the U.S. have been committed with guns than with all other weapons combined. And people with a history of committing domestic violence are five times more likely to subsequently murder an intimate partner when a firearm is in the house. This attack ad implies that women in other countries could and should be kept safe with strong background checks and rigid gun ownership laws. And by making no mention of protecting American women in the same way, the NRA s video suggests that women in this country should suffer the consequences that come with more relaxed gun laws. We could make the argument that in America, we need gun control the most   the United States leads other developed countries  in gun violence by a landslide.Clinton, on the other hand, is passionate about reducing gun violence   so while the NRA tried to soil Clinton s record, they instead revealed a huge hypocrisy in their own argument. You can watch the video below:Featured image via Justin Sullivan / Getty Images",0
6442, Mexico’s Former President UNLOADS On Trump With A Brutal ‘F*ck You’ To The ‘Hated Gringo’ (IMAGE),"Donald Trump has p*ssed off so many people, it s really hard to keep track (unless you re The Donald himself, in which case you ll never let it go). One person he s irritated arguably more than others is Mexico s former president, Vicente Fox,  who has being railing against Trump since the very day the disgraced presumptive GOP nominee made his horrifically offensive  rapist  and  drug dealer  comments about Mexican immigrants.Fox reminded everyone that he still hates Trump with a passion, and has even come up with some creative nicknames for the business mogul. In an interview on the Kickass Politics podcast, Fox told host Ben Mathis: He is the ugly American. He is the hated gringo because he s attacking all of us. He s offending all of us. Fox also reaffirmed the fact that Mexico would have nothing to do with Trump s idiotic proposed border wall. Restating his opposition to Trump s wall just as strongly as he did the first time, Fox said: I m not going to pay for that f*cking wall. And please don t take out the  f*cking  full word. Here s the Facebook post with Fox and Mathis, sending a brilliant message to Trump for all of us:During the interview, Fox also had some other amazing choice words for Trump   such as  crazy  and  false prophet.  He also compared Trump to Latin American demagogues who  destroy economies  and warned that Trump s proposals could start another war.While many of Trump s opponents have eventually cozied up to the candidate (cough cough Ben Carson) and learned to be somewhat civil with him, Fox is making no apologies and wants to make sure that everyone knows where he stands when it comes to the reality TV star.It s clear that Trump has f*cked with the wrong guy   and Fox wants to make sure that Trump knows it. Fox warned: Don t play around with us. We can jump walls. We can swim rivers. And we can defend ourselves. You can listen to Fox s full Trump-bashing interview on iTunes here!Featured image via David Paul Morris / Getty Images",0
6443, One Crucial Detail On Budweiser’s New ‘Patriotic’ Beer Cans Will Really P*ss Conservatives Off,"The country woke up to confusion today as Budweiser beer company abruptly announced that  America s No. 1 full-flavored lager  will be replacing its name with  America  on its cans and bottles until the election in November. Why? Who knows. But that s not all. The company will also pack in even more patriotism per can (PPC) by adding a potent mix of quotes from the Pledge of Allegiance and lyrics from  The Star Spangled Banner  and  America the Beautiful. If that seems like something conservatives would be all over, then they are about to be very disappointed. As Hemant Mehta over at the Friendly Atheist noticed, the cans have opted to replace  In God We Trust  with  E Pluribus Unum    the original, albeit unofficial, motto of the United States. Out of many, one.The Latin phrase, which was widely used from the country s inception, and has only recently taken a backseat to America s later  official  motto putting the country s faith in God, is a reminder that from America s outset, the founders put a lot of stock in the concept of national unity and strength in togetherness. The lesson: God is great and all, but a country full of varied and immensely multi-cultural backgrounds needs to unify around itself, not any particular god.For some, that may be some bitter beer to swallow. Given the nearly endless capacity for conservative Christians to get offended, this motto change will likely prompt a strong backlash from the people who brought you the  Starbucks red cup  boycott. Suddenly, a watery beer will become ground zero for the ever expanding  war on Christianity  that conservatives assure us is really, definitely, totally happening.Ironically, the fact that a beer can emblazoned with  America  on the front will now be heavily politicized along party lines and highly controversial kind of says it all, doesn t it? America, indeed.Featured image via Budweiser",0
6444, An Increasingly Unhinged Bundy Family Begins Preparing For A THIRD Standoff,"Cliven Bundy and his unstable group of family and followers have been refreshingly quiet in recent months in the aftermath of their ill-conceived hijacking of an Oregon wildlife refuge and subsequent arrests. It s hard to  occupy  anything behind bars except, perhaps, a 6 10 slab of concrete. However, Cliven is already jonesing for yet another stand-off   and as his mental state deteriorates, the risk of danger grows.Bundy, currently jailed for his instigation of the previous armed standoff in 2014, has hooked up with crazed anti-Obama right-wing  lawyer  Larry Klayman, who has filed lawsuits against people ranging from Obama to Iran s Supreme Leader to, as the Southern Poverty Law Center points out,  his own mother.  The pair   which a judge ruled couldn t legally work together, but appear to be doing so anyway   have concocted a new lawsuit claiming Sen. Harry Reid and President Obama sent  federal storm-troopers  to attack what they referred to as a gathering of  peaceful cowboys. Peaceful. Cowboys.Other parts of the lawsuit include accusations that Reid wants to sell the land to the Chinese and that the judge in the case should recuse herself because she s Latino.But even more troubling than the frivolous lawsuit is the fact that the Bundy family has made no secret about wanting to kickstart yet another showdown with federal agents. The Bundy family is still illegally grazing their cattle on federal lands, and the Bureau of Land Management is getting pretty fed up with it. Environmental groups are also urging the BLM to act, because Bundy s cattle   often times half-starved and neglected   are destroying the wildlife in what was meant to be protected land.Angie Bundy, wife of the currently locked up Ryan, said her husband and his family being locked up is a conspiracy to make it easier to seize their land. In response, she said she and the family are prepared to face another standoff. She even sees a silver lining in the men being locked up. Putting women and children in danger, she reasoned, would encourage other  patriots  to join the cause. Just like last time, they plan on using children as shields. We re not afraid,  Angie added.  If you have a bunch of women and children standing out there and protesting, it ll probably get more people out. What started as an inane property dispute over one man s right to ignore the law and enrich himself at the expense of the American taxpayer has increasingly become a sad spiral into some of the most toxic right-wing conspiracy theories around. The heavily armed  patriots  that flock to Bundy s side whenever he feels like pointing some guns at federal agents have detached themselves from reality. They quite literally believe they are at war with the United States government, and that means the odds that they react violently has skyrocketed. A third standoff almost guarantees tragedy   and the Bundys are rushing headlong into it.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
6445," Well It Happened, Trump Gets Desperate And Goes Full BENGHAZI On Hillary (TWEET)","It would appear that Donald Trump knows his base of voters don t pay attention to facts and reality, so he s going to keep perpetuating myths and propaganda to anger these people into voting for him even though his claims hold no basis in reality. And in the world of politics and mudslinging, it doesn t much matter as long as your message sticks and you get votes. However, these lies will get debunked, and there s nothing to stop that either.It s become very clear at this point that the presumptive Republican nominee has switched into attack mode against Democratic front-funner Hillary Clinton. If he s not going after her for what her husband did, he s going after her for literally being a woman.Now, knowing how much many conservatives can t wrap their heads around the fact that the Obama administration, including then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, did no wrongdoing in regards to the attack on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, he s going to keep pushing the issue anyway. Never mind the fact that there has been probe after probe after probe.Trump tweeted this out to stir the pot, yet again:Hillary has bad judgment! https://t.co/LhcIU6kmxs  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 10, 2016Which then leads you to this: Hillary has bad judgment!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 10, 2016 at 10:25am PDTLet s be clear on this. There is a very strong likelihood that before all this happened, Trump thought Libya was a female body part, so he s clearly just using this as an attack plan and may not even understand all the details of the event in question. He s a bully though, and being a bully he s going to keep ripping at old scabs even though they re all dried up.When every poll shows Hillary Clinton wiping the floor with Trump among women, minorities and the youth vote, he s got to do something. He s desperate, and this is likely just one of many desperate moves to come out of the Trump campaign.Bringing up Benghazi again after Clinton has been cleared again and again and again. C mon now, Donald. That s just pathetic, and clearly a distraction tactic away from the fact that you are most certainly not prepared to be the leader of the free world.Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6446," Facebook Hits Back, Responds To Allegations They’re Hiding Conservative Opinions","There have recently been allegations claiming that Facebook is purposefully keeping conservative news and topics out of the  trending  news section of their website. However, Facebook has released this statement in response: We take allegations of bias very seriously. Facebook is a platform for people and perspectives from across the political spectrum. Trending Topics shows you the popular topics and hashtags that are being talked about on Facebook. There are rigorous guidelines in place for the review team to ensure consistency and neutrality. These guidelines do not permit the suppression of political perspectives. Nor do they permit the prioritization of one viewpoint over another or one news outlet over another. These guidelines do not prohibit any news outlet from appearing in Trending Topics. According to an article put out by Gizmodo, it was claimed that  news curators  for Facebook would purposefully pick and choose which topics should be put into trending. And while sure, depending on who is curating the news at any given moment their may be some underlying bias, it appears Facebook s algorithms do not allow such bias to rule the roost. In fact, according to Facebook s VP of search, Tom Stocky, it s  not feasible  and if guidelines are violated it is a  fireable offense. Here s the full statement by Stocky: My team is responsible for Trending Topics, and I want to address today s reports alleging that Facebook contractors manipulated Trending Topics to suppress stories of interest to conservatives. We take these reports extremely seriously, and have found no evidence that the anonymous allegations are true.Facebook is a platform for people and perspectives from across the political spectrum. There are rigorous guidelines in place for the review team to ensure consistency and neutrality. These guidelines do not permit the suppression of political perspectives. Nor do they permit the prioritization of one viewpoint over another or one news outlet over another. These guidelines do not prohibit any news outlet from appearing in Trending Topics.Trending Topics is designed to showcase the current conversation happening on Facebook. Popular topics are first surfaced by an algorithm, then audited by review team members to confirm that the topics are in fact trending news in the real world and not, for example, similar-sounding topics or misnomers.We are proud that, in 2015, the US election was the most talked-about subject on Facebook, and we want to encourage that robust political discussion from all sides. We have in place strict guidelines for our trending topic reviewers as they audit topics surfaced algorithmically: reviewers are required to accept topics that reflect real world events, and are instructed to disregard junk or duplicate topics, hoaxes, or subjects with insufficient sources. Facebook does not allow or advise our reviewers to systematically discriminate against sources of any ideological origin and we ve designed our tools to make that technically not feasible. At the same time, our reviewers  actions are logged and reviewed, and violating our guidelines is a fireable offense.There have been other anonymous allegations   for instance that we artificially forced  # BlackLivesMatter  to trend. We looked into that charge and found that it is untrue. We do not insert stories artificially into trending topics, and do not instruct our reviewers to do so. Our guidelines do permit reviewers to take steps to make topics more coherent, such as combining related topics into a single event (such as  # starwars  and # maythefourthbewithyou ), to deliver a more integrated experience.Our review guidelines for Trending Topics are under constant review, and we will continue to look for improvements. We will also keep looking into any questions about Trending Topics to ensure that people are matched with the stories that are predicted to be the most interesting to them, and to be sure that our methods are as neutral and effective as possible. Many have been bringing up the fact that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is a liberal, so he may purposefully promote liberal content and trending topics. Now, while the company claims this isn t true, what s to honestly keep them from doing this anyway. The irony in all of this is that conservatives are for freedom within a capitalist society and if a company were to operate in a way that they see fit, that is their freedom. They are not bound to not be biased except for their own rules they put in place. With that being said, Facebook is adamantly denying the claims that they are being biased, and maybe, just maybe, liberal opinions are the more popular opinions and thus trend more often. Ever think of that?Featured Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
6447, North Carolina Republicans Panic As Bathroom Law Makes Them Fear Their Political Doom,"North Carolina Republicans should have listened when they were told there would be a backlash if they passed HB2. Now they are learning the consequences of being bigots.As soon as the anti-LGBT bill was jammed through the state legislature and signed by Governor Pat McCrory, outrage ensued.Corporations such as Paypal and Deusche Bank cancelled projects that would have meant new jobs. Entertainers cancelled concerts that would have boosted local economies. Conventions were cancelled.HB2 has become the last straw for many North Carolina voters. Ever since Republicans took control of the state government for the first time since 1896, they have let the power go to their heads by passing every wet dream piece of legislation conservatives have ever wanted.In just the last six years, Republicans have used their power to turn a state that had been traditionally moderate into one of the reddest states in the nation. The list is incredibly embarrassing, but it includes looser gun laws, highly restrictive and insulting anti-abortion laws, attempts to turn North Carolina into a declared Christian state, a war on food stamps, voter suppression laws, education funding cuts, and tax cuts for the wealthy.Perhaps no other state has been transformed as much or as fast as North Carolina, but that s exactly what happened once Republicans gained control. And North Carolina has paid a heavy price. The progress it has made since the Civil War and Jim Crow is being erased as conservatives take the state backwards.But voters are now fed up, especially since they are now facing terrible repercussions from a single law that demonstrates once and for all that Republicans are not the  small government  advocates they claim to be. Along with being ridiculed for trying to be the bedroom police, Republicans are now being slammed for trying to be the bathroom police.It also doesn t help that they passed this law on a lie by claiming that it was needed to protect women and children from being sexually assaulted in bathrooms. As it turns out, the only men who have gone into a women s restroom were actually sent in there by a conservative  Christian  group as a stunt in order to scare people when, in fact, there have been zero real instances of transgender people doing anything but using the facilities. In 17 states and over 200 cities that have transgender protections, there hasn t been a single instance of a person using the protections as a shield to excuse preying on women and children in bathrooms, a fact that even Governor McCrory was forced to acknowledge during an interview with Fox host Chris Wallace on Sunday.And now North Carolina faces the loss of billions of dollars in federal funding and perhaps more as tax dollars are spent by Republicans in their effort to defend their bigotry in court.All of this has put targets on the backs of every Republican in the state legislature and state Senate as well as Governor Pat McCrory. Voters are angry and if Republicans continue to defend HB2 they will be fired in November and replaced with lawmakers who are not insane bigots.Republicans are already beginning to panic over the prospect of losing power for another 120 years. The reality is that HB2 hurts,  GOP state Rep. Charles Jeter told Politico.  It doesn t matter that I m opposed to it or that I ve called for its repeal   because the mailer to voters [in my race] is going to say that I was a part of the Republican majority that passed the most discriminatory bill in the state. HB2 is going to have reverberations for our party no matter what we do, in November and probably beyond that. A Republican strategist surmised that the GOP could very well lose in November over the passage of HB2. The question that will be answered in November is whether the Republicans in the General Assembly overplayed their hand, after feeling empowered by impressive gains in the last three election cycles. Republicans could lose their veto-proof majority in one or both [legislative] chambers, with a cloud of uncertainty surrounding the governor s race. And one Republican even compared what could happen to Republicans in November to the devastating 2010 midterm election when conservatives successfully vilified Democrats over the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. It s like Obamacare with Obama, which so defined everything about Democrats who were in office when it passed in 2009. And you saw what happened to them in 2010. I think you always have concerns if perception boils down to one thing equaling another. In short, political doom is looming over the heads of Republicans across North Carolina and let s hope voters keep the GOP from having power for at least another 120 years. After all, it could take that long to fix what Republicans broke.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6448, WATCH: Gay Cyclist Shuts Down Hate Preacher With One Epic Comeback,"A street preacher in Glasgow, Ireland decided to dedicate at least part of one of his sermons to spreading fear and hatred towards LGBT people. He would have gotten away with it interrupted too, if not for the bravery of one cyclist who stopped to take a stand against the man s intolerance.The exchange was filmed by a passerby who posted the video online by a person named Emlyn Pearce. Pearce says that they found the man who stood up to the preacher and that his name is Ryan Vance and that he is a writer and designer. Though, Pearce writes that Vance shall forever more be more widely known as  Mystery-Gay-Cyclist-Hero-Man.  Pearce went on to write: I walk through Glasgow holding hands with my boyfriend all the time, and we have never experienced any homophobia. So to walk down the main shopping street and hear a man shouting that  the 99%  need to stand up to the  1%  who are gay was very sad and very scary.  Pearce continues, saying  Ryan Vance, as a gay man and a human being, I salute you: you made the world a better place. Thank you, sir   your pint awaits! Vance appears to be hesitant to adopt his new title. Don t worry Vance, if the title fits, rock it like no one else can, and be assured that it most certainly is befitting for a person like you.At what point do you think it's hubris to change my twitter description to ""mystery gay cyclist""?  Ryan Vance (@rjjvance) May 9, 2016In the video, you can here Vance tell the hate preacher I m gay, I m gay, so say that to me. The preacher responds saying  God still loves you. That s when drops the mic with a response that makes the entire street applaud for him. Vance turns to the man and says  I love me, I don t need a f*cking god to do it. You can watch the video in full below.Featured image from video screenshot via Facebook",0
6449, Samantha Bee: N.C.’s ‘Numbnut’ Anti-Gay Law Is Due To Dems Not Voting (VIDEO),"We all know what an absolute shitstorm is happening with regards to LGBT rights in North Carolina right now. Everyone is focusing on the idiot Gov. Pat McCrory and his bullshit lawsuit against the Department of Justice over his anti-LGBT hate bill, HB2. However, there is another side to what brought this on, and Full Frontal host Samantha Bee is pointing it out. You see, when an election has high voter turnout, Democrats win. When it s a low turnout, we get imbeciles like Pat McCrory elected. Bee began her tirade: Boycotts are a powerful tool   but you know what is a more powerful tool? Not electing a bunch of transphobic numbnuts who are going to wreck the state economy to catch a nonexistent criminal. Bee is right, of course. Thanks to the homophobic and transphobic HB2, bunches of businesses and musicians have pulled out of North Carolina. Bee insists that what we are seeing right now is a direct result of Democrats not voting in the 2010 election. She continues, referencing times prior to that fateful election night: It was a blue-state dream. Democrats controlled the Governor s mansion and legislature, welfare checks grew on trees and there was an abortion in every pot. But all that changed on Election Night 2010. Bee then went on to show tape of references to the newly-GOP controlled North Carolina legislature slashing education funding and said, You know North Carolina s world-class public university? F*ck that place. Bee then goes on to remind everyone that it could be progressive college students who would vote these morons out, but there s just one problem with that: right-wingers have used their time in office to suppress the votes of college students by making laws that take polling places off campuses and deny students the right to use their student identification cards to vote: I bet UNC students can t wait to vote those right-wing boobs out of office. Well, sorry, those boobs are actually way ahead of you on that. The host then points out the fact that the GOP now controlled more states than they have since 1928, and as a result, their insane laws have swept the nation in more than just North Carolina. She goes on to say: After the 2010 landslide, policies started happening to states the way sex happens to people who drink with Bill Cosby. No wonder Democrats are so hung up on appointing the next Supreme Court Justice. They need him to strike down all the sh*tty state laws that might not have passed if they d bothered to vote in 2010. Bee s closer is absolutely brilliant, and oh so true: Look, I know state elections aren t fun. They don t have cool concerts or dank memes. But, voting in them is important. Just think of it like a mammogram. It s painful and inconvenient, but you gotta do it. Because early prevention prevents a lot less than late stage treatment. Samantha Bee is spot-on with this one. Liberals didn t vote in midterm elections, and therefore the GOP has been able to go on a nationwide right-wing tear the likes of which we have not seen for many decades. Listen to this wise woman, people. When Democrats don t vote, this dangerous, regressive nonsense is what we all must suffer through. Remember   vote blue, no matter who.Watch the video below, and please heed the advice:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6450, Trevor Noah And The Daily Show Correspondents Collapse With The Giggles Over This GOP Nightmare (VIDEO),"The Republican Party is busy with a pitted civil war between those who are willing to jump on Trump s crazy train, and those who realize the party has to be saved from the ultra-conservative extremism which handed a trust fund tycoon the party leadership. But as the Daily Show attempted to report events this week, things were so crazy, the team couldn t keep a straight face.Noah begins by outlining the GOP dilemma. Now the voting is over, and Republicans have chosen a mutant from a carrot juicing accident. As the party wakes up to that devastating reality, the GOP is splitting along the Trump fault line. Noah describes their plight with typical relish: You ve got the people who support Trump. You ve got the people who aren t ready to support Trump. And the most interesting people are a group who spent the whole race throwing sh*t at Trump. And now, they re picking it back up, spreading it on a sandwich, and taking a big bite. The host then shows clips of come-lately Trump supporters railing against the candidate in the most personal and vivid terms earlier in the race. Bobby Jindal calls Trump  weak  and a  narcissist,  and claims he would not back him in the event of his becoming nominee. But the real gold comes from Rick Perry, who refers to Trump as a  cancer  on the party and America, then chooses to back him. But even more insane, is that Perry now even wishes to become Trump s running mate! This left Noah almost tearful with laughter: So wait  he says.  You want to be running mates with cancer? That s what you re saying? I mean, I guess it has a pretty sturgeon history of winning .but still! Noah goes on to compare the GOP split like that of commuters waiting for a subway train. The doors open, and there s some crazy guy screaming. For some they think, well, it s my train, I m just going to have to  get on board the crazy train.  While others simply refuse, and to hell with the consequences.But when Noah reaches out to his correspondents for their take on the situation, no one can keep a straight face. Jordan Klepper collapses laughing, saying: They were all such assholes for so long and they completely did this to themselves! Noah turns to Hasan Minhaj in hopes of getting more sensible commentary, but he also falls apart when comparing the GOP to  a dog that chewed its own balls off. You can enjoy the full section below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKrwupFg5WM Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6451, Watch Rachel Maddow Troll Trump With A List Of Things That Poll Higher Than Him (VIDEO),"Rachel Maddow always brings us the most entertaining bits of political news, and we love her for it. Her latest segment is no disappointment in that regard.Rachel had an exclusive report on the latest PPP poll, which listed a comprehensive group of unrelated items. All of these had one common theme among them; Which do you have a higher opinion of? _____ or Donald Trump?You can probably tell where this is going already, but the list of things that beat him are funny as hell.Lice, traffic jams, used car salesmen, hipsters, the DMV, jury duty, NICKELBACK, and root canals  When you ve lost to Nickelback, where do you really go from there?Watch Rachel s full segment below:Despite all the negative reviews, which Trump deserves (to say the least), there is one thing that s a bit troubling. Republican voters don t seem to care.Another part of the poll asked registered voters if they were uncomfortable with the three remaining candidates as the nominee of their party. Here s where it gets weird. With all of the things people had a higher opinion of than Donald Trump, Republican voters are only 21 percent uncomfortable with him as the nominee.In context   Hillary Clinton, who has in no way said the stupid, asinine, offensive, racist, bigoted, misogynistic, or otherwise bad things that Donald has is viewed as favorably to Democratic voters as Trump is to Republican ones. That isn t saying Hillary is very unfavorable either. A 21 percent margin is very respectable for any nominee of any party, especially this early in the primary process.The popular theory that there is a huge fracture happening within the Republican party simply is not true. Yes, the Republican maintsream was afraid of an outsider like Trump usurping their party, while exposing it for the cesspool it really is. However, they will still be able to rely on their voter base, as the poll shows. Anecdotal accounts of a few Republicans changing parties are not matching with the national numbers, and now that the rest of the party establishment has reached the 5th stage of grief   acceptance   it is business as usual heading into November.In the end, with the survey being among registered voters as a whole, Trump probably still stands no chance of attracting swing voters   who, all things considered, are generally pragmatic and not seduced by racism. However, it s still worth remembering that the Republican party really is unifying behind the court jester and a progressive victory can t be taken for granted.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6452," Here’s The Democratic Plan To Destroy Trump, And It’s Starting Soon (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has left a slime trail across multiple decades as a public figure, reality TV star, serial misogynist and now presidential candidate. During the Republican primaries, many wondered why his fellow candidate pulled their punches, often until it was too late and he had already secured the nomination.By contrast, Democrats don t seem as if they plan to let Trump get away with the same sort of shenanigans he did within the GOP. Hillary Clinton has already begun promoting web videos taking on Trump and his racist, sexist, misogynist comments. But the real advertising power is expected to come from the super PACs, who are able to accept an unlimited amount of money (thanks to the Citizens United decision).Priorities USA, who supported President Obama s re-election and produced ads attacking Mitt Romney s record at Bain Capital, will be up on the air in June with ads hitting Trump. Our job is to be as prepared as we can to take him on in any particular instance and that s why not only will we be up on June 8, as previously reported, but we re actually going to go on the air earlier,  Guy Cecil, the head of Priorities USA, told Mark Halperin and John Heilemann on Bloomberg Television s  With All Due Respect. Of the $91 million of air time the super-PAC has already reserved, Cecil estimates that roughly one quarter to one third of ads will be positive, with the rest painting Trump in a negative light.Cecil also estimated that about $40 million will be dedicated to online outreach targeting blacks, Latinos, the Democratic base and millennials.Cecil told Bloomberg that Priorities will be attacking Trump will highlight his smears of women, veterans, as well as his shady business dealings. The group will also be able to look at what worked and didn t work for Republican ads that went after Trump in the primaries for an idea of how best to attack him.Featured image via YouTube",0
6453, WATCH: Jon Stewart Comes Out Of Retirement To Warn America About Trump,"Comedian Jon Stewart has never been shy about his absolute disdain for Donald Trump, now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. But since he left the Daily Show, he has been mostly silent on one of his most frequent targets as he achieved unprecedented political success.That just ended. Stewart appeared on a podcast with former Obama confidante David Axelrod, and as usual, was not shy at all about how much he can t stand Trump.Stewart criticized Trump during an appearance on  Axe Files,  a podcast hosted by David Axelrod, a former top advisor to President Obama. The former  Daily Show  host questioned Trump s ability to run for the White House as a  man-baby. He is a man-baby.  Stewart said, as flagged by Politico.  He has the physical countenance of a man, and a baby s temperament and hands. Stewart went on to call him a  narcissistic asshole. Trump has demonstrated over the years that he is extremely thin-skinned, and Stewart s repeated mockery on his Comedy Central show clearly got under the reality TV star s skin. In a 2013 tweet, Trump whined that he was  much smarter  than Stewart and described him as  totally overrated.  By now we that as Trump s extremely predictable attack pattern, from which he rarely deviates because he just isn t imaginative enough.I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz   I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2013But this old attack on Stewart also gave a hint of the path Trump was soon to follow. In the tweet, Trump refers to Stewart as  Jonathan Leibowitz,  which is his legal name. Trump was signaling something about Stewart s Jewish ethnicity, three years before his campaign became a favorite of racists, bigots and anti-Semites.A reporter for GQ was recently pushed into filing a police report about online abuse she has suffered at the hands of Trump s fans after writing a profile of his wife Melania. Among the most common attacks   the writer was slammed for being Jewish.Featured image via YouTube",0
6454," Sorry, Trump! Hillary Says ‘A Lot’ Of Republicans Are Practically BEGGING To Help Her Win (VIDEO)","Throughout Donald Trump s entire campaign cycle, many conservatives have spoken out against the business mogul/reality television star and expressed their opposition to his candidacy. However, now that his competition is out of the race and Trump is the Republican party s presumptive nominee, right-wingers are desperately seeking a way to make sure Trump doesn t further ruin America. For many of them, this means supporting Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton by any means possible.On CBS  Face The Nation, Clinton revealed that over the past few days   basically ever since it became clear that Trump will likely be representing the GOP in the general election   she s been getting  a lot  of Republicans asking to help her campaign. Many of these conservatives are passionate #NeverTrump voters who would rather abandon their party and vote blue in the election than vote one of the most terrible people in the United States into the White House.During the interview, John Dickerson asked Clinton how she plans to handle conservatives who are still  skeptical,  but embracing the idea of voting for her.Clinton simply replied that she is not only more than qualified to be the next President, but has a  track record of getting results.  The former Secretary of State said: I am asking people to join this campaign and I ve had a lot of outreach from Republicans in the last days who say they are interested in talking about that. You can watch the interview below:The speed at which Trump has pulled the Republican party apart is impressive to say the least. We could have predicted that some conservatives would be jumping ship by the party s reaction when Trump was first announced as the party s presumptive nominee. The sheer rage from conservatives was priceless   many of them not only burned, tore up or destroyed their voter registrations cards by other measures, but many changed their party entirely. So while Trump has risen amongst his own supporters for being more vulgar and offensive than ever, he is only helping to unify the rest of the country   against him.Featured image via Justin Sullivan / Getty Images",0
6455, Hillary’s Latest Challenge To Progressives Is One That Needs To Be Taken Very Seriously (VIDEO),"Appearing on Face the Nation this past Sunday, Hillary Clinton was posed a question by host John Dickerson surrounding voters and how many want what they want, even when it comes to their candidate of choice. Dickerson insinuated that Hillary may be trying to get Bernie Sanders out of the race. However, when it comes down to who is going to win the nomination, many voters are undoubtedly going to be disappointed, because their candidate was not the one chosen. Yet, those voters will still have a voice, a voice that needs to be heard, and a message that needs to be spread far and wide.Hillary s response was honest, clear, to the point, and one that needs to be heard by every progressive everywhere who doesn t want to see the nation fall into the hands of Donald Trump. She said: I m three million votes ahead of Senator Sanders, nearly 300 pledged delegates ahead of him. He has to make his own mind up.But I was very heartened to hear him say last week that he is going to work seven days a week to make sure Donald Trump doesn t become president. And I want to unify the party. I see a great role and opportunity for him and his supporters to be part of that unified party, to move into not just November to win the election against Donald Trump, but to then govern based on the progressive goals that he and I share.We both want to raise the minimum wage. We both understand you have got to rein in bad actors on Wall Street and in corporate America to make sure they don t wreck Main Street. We have a lot of the same goals. And I hope we can unify around them. And she s absolutely correct. While the means to achieve some of the goals are different, the goals, nonetheless, are pretty much the same. While Bernie wants to overhaul health care and education in one fell swoop, Hillary wants the same things, but done over time. It s all about unifying behind the message and making sure we get there somehow, because if Donald Trump is to become president, or we can t manage to turn Congress blue again, honestly, it won t really matter who is president. Everything that needs to get done would be virtually impossible (see also: President Barack Obama with Republican Congress).No matter who the Democratic candidate for president is, it s time to unite behind them with the common goal of progress for the greater good, not just the few on top. Let s do this, progressives.Watch the whole segment from Face the Nation here:Featured Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
6456, AG Loretta Lynch Just Eviscerated NC Governor Pat McCrory For ‘Right To Discriminate’ Lawsuit (VIDEO),"North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory (R) announced he would be suing the Obama administration for stopping his state s ability to discriminate against transgender people. Attorney General Loretta Lynch just hit him back. Hard.In a press conference scheduled just hours after McCrory decided he would order millions of dollars to be wasted fighting a hopeless battle to prevent trans people from using public bathrooms in North Carolina, Lynch spoke firmly about the rights of all people to be allowed to enjoy public spaces free of harassment or bans.Lynch carefully, and forcefully, demolished the  state-sponsored discrimination  inherent in the  bathroom bill  known as HB 2. The law, she said, is patently illegal and the Department of Justice would continue opposing it, despite the lawsuit.In a spine tingling moment, she spoke directly to the trans community in North Carolina and across the country who have watched in horror as Republican officials have legalized their persecution. She said that her colleagues at the Department of Justice and the Obama administration have their backs and would fight for them every step of the way. We see you. We stand with you, and we will do everything we can to protect you going forward. And please know that history is on your side. Lynch also has very powerful personal reasons to abhor what is happening in North Carolina   she was born there. She also grew up in a time when North Carolina was known for other forms of discrimination. She reminded America that not too long ago, people on the wrong side of history put signs over bathrooms saying African Americans could not enter. Even as things change, things stay the same.AG Lynch to transgender community.  We see you, we stand with you, and we will do everything we can to protect you.  https://t.co/fYLR8AlcNR  ABC News (@ABC) May 9, 2016In her statement, Lynch also reminded North Carolina that very soon they will have more than just millions of dollars in lost revenue from boycotts to worry about. Being found in violation of federal anti-discrimination laws would mean the state could lose federal funding for things like the Department of Public Safety and the state s public university system. In rushing to harass trans people, state Republicans have not only sliced off their nose to spite their face, they are cutting themselves to pieces limb by limb. It s not pretty.Lynch s powerful defense of the LGBT community serves as a stunningly clear example of how far apart the two major political parties has grown in the last decade. The Obama administration has made it clear that the LGBT community will not be victimized on his watch. On the other hand, many of the Republican candidates for president just weeks ago were running on the premise that transgender individuals were nothing more than sexual predators dressed up as women as a way to gain access to women s bathrooms. Indeed, that appears to be the entire premise of North Carolina s  bathroom bill.  No actual instances of sexual assaults on women or girls from trans women has ever been recorded. The problem simply does not exist.Watch Loretta Lynch lay down the law below:Featured image via CNN screengrab",0
6457, Trouble In Paradise? Trump Distances Himself From Sarah Palin After Paul Ryan Tirade (VIDEO),"After Sarah Palin appeared on CNN on Sunday with Jake Tapper, talking about how much she despises Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) for having his own opinion about her beloved Donald Trump, it left many wondering if Trump also felt that way about Ryan.But wonder no longer, because during Trump s interview on Monday morning with CNN s Chris Cuomo, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee seemed to distance himself from Palin s comments.Cuomo said: Sarah Palin came out and said  Paul Ryan is done. I m calling on the supporters of Donald Trump to go after Paul Ryan and make sure that he gets Cantored.  As in Eric Cantor, you know, that he loses his seat. Do you want that? Do you want Sarah Palin going out there and trying to turn people against Paul Ryan? You re supposed to be unifying the party. Trump responded: Well, Sarah has endorsed me, and I like her a lot, I think she s a terrific person  but I have nothing to do with that. I mean, that s her. You know, Sarah is very much a free agent. She s a terrific person, but she s very much a free agent and I didn t know about this until yesterday, I guess she s been fighting or she s endorsing somebody that s running against Paul Ryan, and I didn t know about it until yesterday when I read about it. It seems when he says  free agent  he means  loose cannon  but that can t be confirmed.Trump then went onto say how he s had a good relationship with Paul Ryan, albeit he does feel a bit stabbed in the back by his refusal to get behind Trump s presumptive nomination.It looks as though Trump, as much as a loose cannon as he is himself, has learned the valuable art of not attaching himself to everything Sarah Palin says. Wise move.Watch the clip here:Donald Trump tells @NewDay he has  nothing to do  with Sarah Palin s comments on Paul Ryan https://t.co/uJUxnp5ZxW https://t.co/UUKqiBrpaK  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 9, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
6458, See How Trump Wants To Screw Over Minimum Wage Earners In Red States,"First he said wages were too high, then he said he d work to raise the minimum wage, and now Donald Trump seems to be implying that he wants to abolish the federal minimum wage altogether. Appearing on Meet the Press, Trump advocated allowing the states to set the standard, not the federal government: I like the idea of  let the states decide.  But I think people should get more. I think they re out there. They re working. It is a very low number. When asked if the federal government show play a part in establishing a  floor  of where to start with in regards of the minimum wage, Trump said no, and that: I d rather have the states go out and do what they have to do. And the states compete with each other, not only other countries, but they compete with each other. He went on record saying  I don t know how you live on $7.25 an hour. But I would say: let the states decide. So he admits people are suffering on poverty wages, but he wants to allow Republican-led states like Wisconsin and Kansas to decide their fates.And, in typical Trump fashion, he admitted he didn t have a plan in place about what to do with the people struggling to make ends meet, saying  I haven t decided in terms of numbers. But I think people have to get more. Like everything else, he hasn t thought anything through, and has relied on talking points to get him attention and votes.While running an analysis of his core supporters, the Atlantic found: Full-year employment rate of men without a bachelor s degree fell from 76 percent in 1990 to 68 percent in 2013. While real wages have grown for men and women with a four-year degree or better in the last 25 years, they ve fallen meaningfully for non-college men. Uneducated men, a serious chunk of Trump s supporters (who also mostly live in red states), are seeing their wages decrease. And yet their messiah doesn t want to raise their minimum wage or takes the copout argument of  state s rights  to oppose it.No wonder Trump loves the poorly educated.With Trump you never know who you re getting. One day he doesn t want to raise it, then the other day he does and then the very next day he doesn t again.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
6459, WATCH: Al Sharpton Catches John McCain Acting Exactly Like Donald Trump Toward Immigrants,"Senator John McCain just got outed as a hypocrite with a damning video that shows him acting just like Donald Trump   even though he blames the presumptive GOP nominee for hurting him among Hispanic voters.Last week, the Arizona Republican complained to private donors that Donald Trump s rhetoric against Hispanics is making his re-election bid difficult. I do not take my primary opponent lightly,  McCain said. He continued: But have no doubt that if it is Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona   with over 30 percent of the vote being the Hispanic vote   I have no doubt that this may be the race of my life. People are angry. They re upset. They feel that there s this disconnect and all of that and frankly there s an element of nativism in it as well, as you know. McCain is all of a sudden worried about the Hispanic vote because Trump has accused Hispanic immigrants of being rapists and murderers, all while promising to build an expensive wall along the entire southern border to keep immigrants out of the United States.But as it turns out, McCain is apparently pretending that he is totally different from Trump.Because in 2010, McCain used the exact same rhetoric in a campaign ad that makes it clear that he should blame himself for any troubles with Hispanic voters he will experience in November.MSNBC host Al Sharpton caught McCain being a hypocrite, so he played the video during an interview with McCain s Democratic challenger Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick.In the ad, McCain is walking along the border with a local sheriff.  Drug and human smuggling, home invasions, murder,  he says. The sheriff uses the term  illegals  to describe desperate undocumented immigrants fleeing violence in their countries of origin for a better life in America. John McCain then concludes by calling to  complete the dang fence. Here s the video via YouTube. Blaming immigrants for murder, for home invasions, vowing to, quote, complete the fence. I mean, this is John NcCain,  Sharpton said. Is there that much difference that you see there between what he s saying and what Trump is saying about building a wall?  he asked Kirkpatrick.Kirkpatrick agreed, saying that John McCain changed his position again as he often does  depending on who he is talking to. He s not a straight shooter,  she continued.  He s not a maverick. He doesn t stand for anything. Here s the video via YouTube.Looks like John McCain has some explaining to do.Featured image via Flickr",0
6460, Donald Trump Whines That Mitt Romney Was ‘Ungrateful’ For Trump Helping Him Lose The Election (VIDEO),"The more we get to know Donald Trump, the more we realize that he s just a big orange version of Kim Jong-Un. He s childish, petulant and thin skinned, and anyone who has wronged him had better watch out. Mitt Romney wronged Donald Trump. He refuses to endorse the billionaire and well, it appears that Trump is holding a grudge against Romney from 2012. Trump wants credit for helping him lose the election, or something like that.On Sunday s Meet the Press, Trump talked about the feud that appears to be happening between the 2012 nominee and the 2016 presumptive nominee. Every single robocall I made, he won that state. Every single speech I made, he won that state, in terms of the primaries. I believe I won him, or helped him win five states that he was going to lose in the primaries,  Trump continued.And that support came with personal cost to Trump. I raised a lot of money for him. I ruined the carpet in my apartments   I had so many people come. We actually had to have two fundraisers because there were so many people. Here s the video:It is true that in 2012, Trump endorsed Romney. As for Trump s argument that he would have taken Romney over the victory line if he accepted more help, well, probably not. At that time, the Trump revolution (or whatever you want to call it) had not yet started. Polls at the time showed that Trump would have been a negative on Romney s campaign.Romney hasn t always been so sour on Trump. After receiving his endorsement, Romney sung Trump s praises in a way that almost sounds like a presidential endorsement.In an interview in March, Trump said that Romney begged him for his endorsement in 2012. Mitt is a failed candidate   he failed horribly,  Trump said.  I backed Mitt Romney. You could see how loyal he is. He was begging for my endorsement. I could ve said,  Mitt, drop to your knees,  and he would ve dropped to his knees. He was begging. He was begging me. It s doubtful that Romney actually begged Trump, but the former candidate does claim that if Trump acted the way then that he does now (he did), then he wouldn t have accepted it:If Trump had said 4 years ago the things he says today about the KKK, Muslims, Mexicans, disabled, I would NOT have accepted his endorsement  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) March 3, 2016If Romney had any of your sympathy, this is where he should lose it. He knew what Trump was about long before 2012. As you recall, during the Arab Spring in 2011, when Muammar Gaddafi was persona-non-grata in the United States, Trump rented him a piece of land. His racism was clearly evident in his birther stance and with this tweet in response to Baltimore riots following the death of Freddie Gray. Our great African American President hasn t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 28, 2015His views on immigration are hardly new:Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them, at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2014And of course, we know that Trump is sexist. None of that is what matters to Romney, though, although Romney does enjoy the illusion of decorum. What matters to Romney is that Trump has no core beliefs. He even flip-flops on how he ll treat his and Romney s own kind, but he does seem to be settling on raising taxes for the wealthy, sort of. That might be just a bit too far for Romney.Featured image via video screen shot. ",0
6461, Trump: We Should Default On Our Debt Because We Can Just ‘Print The Money’,"A lot of time people ask the question: why can t we just print more money to get rid of our debt? The answer is simple. If you just print more money, you will be completely devalue our currency, thus sending our nation into a destructive economic tailspin, much like Germany in the early part of the 21st century.And if you re Donald Trump, you re A-OK with doing just that.The self described business  genius  just showed the American people how truly stupid and inept he is today when he gave a reason as to why America should default on its debt: just print more money, and buy it back. Appearing on CNN s New Day, Trump told host Chris Cuomo: People said I want to go and buy debt and default on debt, and I mean, these people are crazy. This is the United States government. First of all, you never have to default because you print the money, I hate to tell you, OK? Trump s plan basically consists of this: we don t raise the debt-ceiling, thus defaulting. But we won t default because interest rates will go up and we will use our liquid assets such as cash (which we ll print more of) to buy back bonds at a discount that will cover the debt.According to the Washington Post:The items in the federal budget that are the overwhelming drivers of long-term deficits wouldn t really be helped if the government were to unleash massive inflation. The federal government has pledged to pay for medical care for the elderly (through Medicare) for the poor (Medicaid) and provide basic retirement income (Social Security).But for each of those programs, inflation wouldn t solve the government s financial problems. It would make them worse (to put it in the technical language, they are real obligations, not nominal obligations).So, in other words, medical costs would skyrocket and social security payments would have to freeze, etc. The country would be in chaos.This comes after Trump touted himself as the  debt king  who  loves debt  and would use his  experience  in debt to solve all our problems and make us great again and that means printing more money to give us a faux impression of economic security, the same impression that brought many nations to their knees.This is the man who is supposed to be the economic genius and the one who will make America an economic powerhouse?The level of stupidity is maddening.Featured image via Mark Lyons/Getty Images",0
6462, Republicans Sue Federal Government For ‘Right To Discriminate’,"The North Carolina  bathroom law  is heading to federal court because the state s governor is suing the government for the right to discriminate against the transgender community.On Monday, Governor Pat  Bigot  McCrory filed a lawsuit against the Department of Justice (DOJ) and has asked the court to rule that HB2 is not discriminatory. The governors complaint cites letters sent from the Department of Justice last week threatening to sue the state for violating the Civil Rights Act. McCrory s complaint is seeking  declaratory and injunctive relief against the United States of America  the DOJ and Attorney General Loretta Lynch because of: their radical reinterpretation of Title VII of the Civil Rights of 1964 which would prevent plaintiffs from protecting the bodily privacy rights of state employees while accommodating the needs of transgendered state employees. Apparently,  protecting the bodily privacy rights  of their employees can only be done if they deny those same rights from the transgender community. I m not sure if McCrory has any idea what a woman s restroom looks like, but it s not a bunch of open stalls where we are all holding hands and peeing. Each person has an individual and private stall to do their business   our  bodily privacy  is already protected.The complaint goes on to claim that the by protecting all of its citizens from discriminatory laws like the one in North Carolina is  baseless and blatant overreach : This is an attempt to unilaterally rewrite long-established federal civil rights laws in a manner that is wholly inconsistent with the intent of Congress and disregards of statutory interpretation by the Courts. McCrory is claiming that the Civil Rights Act doesn t protect the transgender community, but it absolutely does. It says that he is not allowed to discriminate  against employees on the basis of sex, race, color, national origin, and religion.  Sexual identity falls into the category of  sex, therefore, McCory is not legally allowed to pass a law that discriminates against his employees based on their sex. It s not a  radical interpretation  unless he considers using common sense  radical,  but then again we are talking about a Republican so .What this all boils down to is bigotry and hate. Republicans fight tooth and nail against protecting any class of people who are not white, straight, Christian males. The transgender community is just their latest target. Unfortunately for them, it is 2016 and President Obama s DOJ doesn t not put up with that kind of bullshit.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images ",0
6463, Thin-Skinned Trump Had A CRAZY On-Air Meltdown After Chris Cuomo Asked Him A Tough Question (VIDEO),"Trump s been known to dodge difficult questions during interviews, but what happened Monday morning on CNN was pure madness.Less than a minute after the presumptive Republican nominee started his interview with Chris Cuomo on New Day, Trump was attacking Cuomo and the network. After immediately criticizing the way Cuomo was questioning him, Trump took aim at CNN, claiming that the network favored Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton and purposefully did not air favorable coverage during his campaign.This chaos erupted right after Cuomo asked Trump why he would choose to attack Clinton for the actions of her husband. He asked Trump: You are attacking Hillary Clinton for the sexual past and indiscretions of her husband. What is your thinking on this line of attack? Well, Trump didn t even come close to answering that question. The presidential hopeful got super-fiesty with Cuomo and snapped,  Well this is a nice way to start off the interview.  In all seriousness, Trump threw a temper tantrum and sounded like a child as he continued his pathetic attempt to shame Cuomo and CNN: First of all, you should congratulate me for having won the race. I thought, you know, at least there would be a small congratulations but I m not surprised with CNN because that s the way they treat Trump. You know, they call it the  Clinton Network,  and I believe that. So, uh, let s start off right there. Cuomo fired back and reminded the dense business mogul,  I said congratulations the last time we spoke! What followed next was completely unbecoming of a presidential candidate   but perfectly expected from Trump. The presidential hopeful bickered with Cuomo over what was said and when, and then Trump had the nerve to say to the show host, I understand CNN perhaps a lot better than you do! Then, continuing his obvious plan to avoid answering Cuomo s question about his attacks on Clinton and her husband s marital infidelities, Trump went on a bizarre rant about pretty much everything except what Cuomo asked him. All the while, he continued to attack CNN for not giving him the kind of coverage he wanted. Trump said: Nor does CNN ever show the crowds. I could be making a speech for an hour and they ll never show the crowds! The interview was completely awkward, but shows perfectly that Trump s main strategy for getting through debates and interviews is to distract the interviewer and audience with his hissy fits and over-the-top bragging. You can watch Trump have his meltdown below:Featured image via John Sommers II / Getty Images",0
6464, Cruz Campaign Blames Rubio For Loss: A Cruz/Rubio Ticket Would’ve Been ‘A Blowout’ (VIDEO),"Now that the side-show is essentially over and the Republicans have committed their party and resources to a delusional lunatic, those left ion the rubble of hurricane Trump are desperately seeking answers. Those answers came from the Cruz Campaign, who informed us that Carly Fiorina wasn t Ted s first choice for VP. They say that had Marco Rubio warmed up and showed any interest at all in working with Uncle Ted that a Cruz/Rubio ticket would have changed the course of history.They felt that strongly because in the course of doing their job, they polled in five upcoming states and found that if Rubio were on the ticket there would be a  blowout,  according to a source inside the Cruz campaign. The states polled included Illinois, Arizona and Wisconsin. The numbers were as high as 65 percent to 35 percent over Trump and if true, that means that Ted Cruz owes his demise to himself because that puts Rubio on a growing list of people who just refuse to work with Ted Cruz:That s fairly consistent with the general consensus about Ted Cruz. There came a turning point in Ted s career; a  come to Jesus  if you will. After he failed to get his way about defunding Planned Parenthood over a series of cleverly edited videos, Cruz went on an infamous rant on the senate floor that cost him whatever small amount of political capital he had left in Washington. He called every member of the Republican leadership out for betraying God and the party. He claimed that Republicans no longer cared about what mattered and he called them out by name. It s just not something you do, especially if you re a United States Senator and you need to work with these people to do your job effectively.Cruz now has to head back to Washington to sit in his chair alone in the corner of the congressional lunchroom. With little left but shattered dreams and still enough ego to blame someone else for it, Cruz has a long way to go until his next election in 2018. Rubio, on the other hand, has already decided not to run, so he gets to sit in the private sector wondering if he would have been happier with an office in the West Wing a little more rectangular than the one he was hoping for.Featured image via screen capture",0
6465," Fox News Posted A Photo Of Two Gorillas, So Their Racist Fans Trashed The Obamas (SCREENSHOTS)","Once again, conservatives have gone above and beyond to prove that quite literally anything will send them into a racist tirade against the President of the United States.On Mother s Day, Fox News posted photos on Facebook of a gorilla who had recently given birth unexpectedly. The pregnancy was a bit of a shock to the staff at Prague Zoo, who say they had  given up hope  that Shinda, the 24-year-old primate, would ever have a baby. The gorilla had experienced numerous miscarriages, so staff simply assumed she was overweight. But late last month, Shinda gave birth successfully. After suffering several miscarriages, Shinda was expected to remain childless,  Fox News posted.  But the 24-year-old gorilla surprised everyone at the Prague Zoo in April when she gave birth to a healthy baby! Almost immediately the nigh-predictable screeching began, with Fox News fans reciting effortlessly their favorite lines, like  If Obama had a son.  Others decided that their hateful screeds should be directed at Michelle and Malia Obama.                      Unfortunately, this is the sort of thing sane people are forced to tolerate. Recently, upon hearing that Malia Obama had gotten into Harvard, the Stupid Part of America spewed their hatred in a similar manner. Fox News fans swooped in, calling her a  n*gger, an  affirmative action parasite,  and suggesting that  Little Ape  (that s their cute little nickname for her)  go to college in Africa. In December, Fox News posted a photo of an orangutan in a Santa hat. You can guess what happened.It s easy to be shocked by Donald Trump s popularity. But the secret of his appeal   his racism, his narcissism, his Islamophobic hate speech, the (I assume by now) gold-plated, 1,000-foot wall with mounted machine guns every 27 1/2 feet and f*cking lazers, and the fact that he probably wants to f*ck his own daughter  is equally simple. He has a built-in audience.For years, Fox News has been catering to the very worst in society. For years, they have been shaping the opinion of the distressingly large percentage of Americans who are unable to use a fork without adult supervision, and for years they have been perpetuating lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie after lie about President Obama.Fox News built Donald Trump s audience for him, and he harnessed that hate. It s easy to look at this and say  so what,  but remember: these people will be voting in November. Be sure to head to the polls, because anyone they would put in office could not possibly be good for America.Featured Image via screengrab",0
6466, Conservative Christians Sob Into Their Coffee Over Trump’s Nomination – ‘There’s Nobody Left’,"Right after Ted Cruz suspended his presidential campaign, evangelical Christians went nuts, pouring sadness and fear all over social media about their own fate now that their personal government crusader was not going to make it to the White House. Now, it seems they ve gone into complete, total and utter despair, crying that there s nobody left to represent them and their dominionist ideals.According to the Washington Post, Nebraska Pastor Gary Fuller had a Sunday service planned around Ted Cruz remaining in the race. Instead, he had to tell his congregation to vote according to their convictions because he didn t know what else to say. He also said: In a sense, we feel abandoned by our party. There s nobody left. Honestly, B-O-O H-O-O. Religion needs to be left out of government, and if they have to learn that lesson the hard way, tough bananas.The Post notes that evangelicals tend to vote according to social and moral issues, and Ted Cruz ran his campaign on those issues. Candidates that run on social issues tend not to do well, though, because there are far more pressing issues on which to vote than who s screwing whom, who s marrying whom, and what women are having done in their doctors  offices.These people have a problem with Trump s being married three times to three different women, and the fact that he doesn t have much interest in fighting for their ideals on social issues. He s a hardliner on immigration, and his main focus has been on that, plus jobs and the economy, however crazy and unworkable his ideas actually are. Social issues are non-issues to Trump right now, which, if the GOP unifies behind him, makes them non-issues for the entire party.Russell Moore, of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention, whined to the Post: This year the Republican Party has not just surrendered on the culture wars, they ve joined the other side. And that s a unique situation. Many evangelical Christians don t seem to believe in the 1st Amendment   some, like disgraced Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore, even think religious protection only applies to Christianity. Anything else is infringement on their beliefs, even if it doesn t directly affect them.Ted Cruz was their savior, and now he s out.To this, we say our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for them and their dashed hopes for turning us into a Christian nation this year.Featured image by Richardlwelsh. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons",0
6467, Trump’s America? What This High School Did To A Muslim Girl Is No Joke,"A Muslim high school student in Rancho Cucamonga, California, received an apology from officials at her school after she was misidentified as  Isis Phillips  in her yearbook. The Council on American-Islamic Relations is slamming the school, is calling for an investigation of the incident, and plans to send a legal team to meet with the school district.The incident fits in with a pattern of recent events in America.Bayan Zehlif, a junior at Los Osos, was photographed for the yearbook wearing a hijab. She posted the photo from the yearbook with the incorrect caption on Facebook and Twitter, according to the Los Angeles Times. I am extremely saddened, disgusted, hurt and embarrassed that the Los Osos High School yearbook was able to get away with this,  Zehlif wrote on Facebook.  Apparently, I am  Isis  in the yearbook. The school reached out to me and had the audacity to say that this was a typo. I beg to differ, let s be real. One of her fellow students told the NY Daily News that Zehlif was overreacting, and that it was simply an innocent mistake. But it is quite a coincidence for that name to be attached to a Muslim student.In recent years conservatives have led efforts to attack Muslims across America, to the point where leading officials like President Obama have had to intervene to make it clear that Muslims have and will continue to be part of the fabric of America.In a similar case, a Muslim student who made a clock and brought it to school was accused of making a bomb. President Obama invited him to the White House, pointing out that children should be encouraged to be interested in fields like engineering, not demonized.At the same time, presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has opposed allowing Syrian war refugees into the United States, and favors a ban on Muslim immigration to the country   a proposal supported by a majority of Republican voters.Recent attacks on immigrants have also traced their inspiration to speeches and comments from Trump, including high school students who yelled racial epithets at Latino students. That is the sort of atmosphere Bayan Zehlif is growing up in, so it might be hard for her to believe this ISIS incident was just a mistake.Featured image via Flickr",0
6468, Right-Wing Blogger: Trump Is GOP’s ‘Sociopathic Maniac’ (VIDEO),"More and more traditional Republicans are coming out against the inevitable presidential candidacy of the trainwreck that is Donald Trump. The latest is Ben Stowe, of the ultra-conservative blog Red State. Stowe appeared on CNN s Reliable Sources, and host Ben Stelter asked him about Trump   specifically about the  Hillary you know  and the  Trump you don t know.  Stowe didn t mince words on Trump, though. He said of the reality star and business mogul turned clown car politician: No, I think I know exactly who I m getting. I think I m getting a sociopathic maniac. And not only do I feel like that s who I m getting, I think that if Donald Trump was president we have four years of him defining conservatism. Stowe seems to be worried about Trump s redefining of what it means to be an American conservative, and about Trump s clear and inevitable destruction of the Republican Party as we know it. He referenced the other idiot GOPers who are clearly on the wrong side of history when it comes to cultural differences regarding social issues, and continued to express worry regarding Trump s outrageous and destructive positions. He continued: It s been bad enough with some of the people we ve had define conservatism over the last several years. To have Donald Trump be our standard bearer I think would be so destructive, I don t know if we can recover. This is going to be a third party situation if we can t get him to lose the election. The thing is, though, there are some conservatives who are falling in lockstep with support of Trump, including Fox News, who Ted Cruz referred to as the  Donald Trump network.  Howe isn t drinking the Trump Kool-Aid though, and warned his GOP compatriots: I think it s a matter of, he creates ratings. I want to address this idea that we were all missing in action when Obamacare came around, when the stimulus came around,  he said refuting that the right didn t attack the President enough.  I was out there marching with the Tea Party in 2009  the fact that I m now coming out against Donald Trump is actually very consistent. I m against liberalism in the destruction of conservatism and that s what Trump represents. Well, Ben Howe might be a hardcore right winger, but even he understands how dangerous Trump is for both his party and this country.Congratulations GOP, and thanks for the comedic material. Your party is literally imploding before our very eyes.Watch the exchange below, via Raw Story:Featured image via video screen capture",0
6469, Adele Just Made A Beyonce Comparison That Has Conservative Christians Going Crazy (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Mega music star Adele took some time during a concert in Denmark to offer some words about American music queen Beyonce  and her album Lemonade. Adele had nothing but good things to say about Beyonce , calling her  the sickest artist around.  But, she went a step further in a statement that has earned the ire of conservative Christians. Here s what Adele said: She is Jesus f***ing Christ. It s unbelievable. I ve been listening to her for 17 years, and she s still making music that blows my mind. Watch video here: Adele calls Beyonce 'Jesus Christ' during a live show ? pic.twitter.com/DaJv8kuJoQ  WORLDSTARHIPHOP (@WORLDSTAR) May 4, 2016 Later in an Instagram post, Adele said that she enjoyed worshiping the American music icon. Here s what she said: I m not late on this I ve just been speechless. Beyonce is the most inspiring person I ve ever had the pleasure of worshipping. Her talent, beauty, grace and work ethic are all in a league of their own. I appreciate you so much! Thank god for Beyonc . Although the comparison was harmless, many people felt a personal affront and made their feelings known on Twitter. One person went so far as to pray for Adele s soul when she  meets Jesus.  Others accused the star of losing her mind (see below).In the end, it s simply one musician expressing admiration for another. @shaykimberlyy ikr  Satan (@allhailsatan_) May 8, 2016Adele calling Beyonc  Jesus Christ makes me kinda not like her anymore  Alexvnder (@alexanderdaname) May 7, 2016@Adele Comparing @Beyonce to Jesus Christ is very offensive on every level. It is just plain evil. You need to apologize quickly.  Joshua Adams (@AllJesusChrist) May 8, 2016Of course the right wing went crazy over this. No one is surprised, but their freakouts are downright pathetic these days. Way to go Adele   anything to anger these loons is definitely a good thing.Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6470," For The 7th Year, Every Urban Prep Graduate Accepted To College (VIDEO)","Chicago s Urban Prep Charter Academy for Young Men is one of the only high schools in the United States to boast a 100 percent rate of college acceptance for graduates.The nonprofit school, which has a mission of  providing a strong, college-preparatory high school option for boys in under-served African-American communities,  first began enrolling students during the 2005   2006 school year.Urban Prep was created in response to a 2006 study published by the University of Chicago which showed that just one in 40 Black male students enrolled in Chicago s public school system would go on to graduate from a four year college or university.Urban Prep, which now has three separate campus locations in Chicago, was the first all male charter school in the United States. According to wikipedia, the overwhelming majority of students, 85 percent, are from economically disadvantaged households.In 2010 the students of Urban Prep made national headlines after every single graduate was accepted to a college or university.That amazing achievement has been duplicated by Urban Prep students every year since 2010.This year is no different. The 252 graduating seniors received more than 1500 college acceptance letters in 2016, many from prestigious schools such as Yale and Georgetown.Urban Prep graduates also received more than $15 million in scholarships and grants.School officials cite small class sizes, a rigorous curriculum and devoted teachers as reasons for the unprecedented rate of student success.More than that, though, Urban Prep Academy founder Tim King stresses that everyone working with students strives to empower them to believe in themselves and their own potential.King says: Urban Prep students will not fall into the trap of negative stereotypes and low expectations. Instead students believe in their potential and believe in their ability to exceed that potential. Watch the below on Urban Prep s 100 percent college acceptance rate, originally published by NowThis.Featured image via  wikipedia cc 3.0",0
6471, SNL ‘President Barbie’ Commercial Jokingly Highlights Progress Of Feminism (VIDEO),"The May 8 episode of Saturday Night Live featured a spoof commercial for Mattel s new  President Barbie. The commercial and the product are both fictional creations from the SNL team, who used the mock ad to highlight how far feminism has come in the 21st Century.As the video opens the narrator proclaims in a sing-song voice: We know our little girls can go as far as their imaginations will take them. As cheerful music plays in the background viewers are entertained with scenes of pre-teen girls playing with things like rockets and engineering sets.The narrator goes on, saying: To show just how far we ve come, Mattel is proud to introduce President Barbie, the first Barbie Commander In Chief. After this exciting build up, the scene shifts back to the girls, who just don t seem that into the doll. Oh, neat,  one of them replies half-heartedly, before putting the Barbie down to return to the construction set in front of her. Don t you want to play with her?  the narrator asks, adding,  She s a girl, just like you. The girl responds by saying,  Ya, but girls don t have to play with dolls. We can play with whatever we want. The narrator replies,  That s true, you don t have to play with dolls, but it would be great if you played with this doll right now. To this, one of the girls replies,  I like Legos. The mock spokesperson tries to boost the kids  interest in the doll by saying: Oh but look, President Barbie even comes with sunglasses and a smart phone with Snapchat. Do you like her now? The girls remain unimpressed. One of them replies,  It feels like she s trying too hard. The narrator explains: She is trying hard because there was a time when Barbie couldn t even be president. In response one of the kids sums it up by saying: I wasn t alive then. Watch the video below, via Saturday Night Live on YouTube: Image credit: video screen capture via Saturday Night Live on YouTube",0
6472, Sarah Palin’s Pick To Replace Paul Ryan Wants To Challenge The Speaker To An Arm Wrestling Match (VIDEO),"The media has been telling us for months now that the Republican party is in a civil war. It is. The war, though, is not between those who care and those who want to take food from the mouths of babies. No, they all want to take food from the mouths of babies. It s not a war between those who want the world to treat those who aren t white, male, Christian and cis equally. None of them want that. The war is between those who pretend to be good people and those who let their anti-intellectual a**hole flag fly.Sarah Palin is the queen of the a**hole flag branch of the GOP. She wears that flag proudly and with all the maturity of a bully who s flunking out of fifth grade. Before Palin hit the stage, we suspected, but we never knew for sure, that the base of the Republican party was bigoted macho mouth breathers. Imagine our feigned surprise when Palin came out in support of this macho mouth breather in Wisconsin, who is hoping to replace Paul Ryan in the House. Watch to the end of the video, when he challenges Ryan to a debate, but if Ryan refuses to debate, he d be happy to arm wrestle the Congressman.Here s the video:Well, Paul Ryan does do P90X, so it could be an interesting match.The man who wants to arm wrestle Ryan, presumably from the backs of Harleys, is Wisconsin businessman Paul Nehlen, whose main issue is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement. There s just one problem with his entire beef with Ryan. Ryan didn t endorse the agreement.The video is titled  Truth Resurrection,  but its portrayal of Ryan as a supporter of the trade deal is false. Ryan s been critical of the actual deal, but helped pass a separate measure called Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), a pro-forma congressional action that makes it easier for the executive branch to negotiate a proposed treaty that must still be ratified by Congress. Lawmakers have granted presidents that authority as a routine matter of course going back decades and across party lines. Ryan even hammered some unusual concessions to GOP ideology into this edition of TPA.Source: Think ProgressThe real issue, though, at least for Palin, is that Ryan, at least so far, has refused to endorse her candidate, Donald Trump. Now, she has set her sights on replacing the Speaker. I think Paul Ryan is soon to be  Cantored,  as in Eric Cantor,  Palin said, referring to the former Republican House majority leader who was ousted in a shocking upset in 2014 when challenger Dave Brat ran to his right in a Virginia primary. His political career is over but for a miracle because he has so disrespected the will of the people, and as the leader of the GOP, the convention, certainly he is to remain neutral, and for him to already come out and say who he will not support is not a wise decision of his,  Palin continued.Source: CNNNaturally, Palin didn t consult policy experts before landing on a candidate. She saw a tattooed, muscled man s man on a Harley and her little squirrel brain said,  that s the man!  That, and Nehlen endorsed Trump.Palin told Tapper that although she hasn t yet informed Nehlen that she s endorsing him,  I will do whatever I can for Paul Nehlen. This man is a hard-working guy, so in touch with the people,  Palin said.  Paul Ryan and his ilk, their problem is they have become so disconnected by the people whom they are elected to represent. She added:  They feel so threatened at this point that their power, their prestige, their purse will be adversely affected by the change that is coming with Trump and with someone like Paul Nehlen, that they re not thinking straight right now. It appears that this is a year in which Palin is ready to let her social conservatism take a backseat to her xenophobia. Both Nehlen and Trump are anti-immigration, but their stances on reproductive rights and LGBT rights are tough to pin down. Of course, you could also say that this proves that Palin has no principles, other than somehow staying relevant with the ignorant masses. Or, maybe she likes the Harley and the tats.Featured image via YouTube video screen capture. ",0
6473, Witness Trump Tell A Room Of Cheering Morons That Women Have It Better Off Than Men (VIDEO),"In the world according to presumed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, women apparently have it better than men. Who knew?Trump told his band of merry morons: All of the men, we re petrified to speak to women any more  the women get it better than we do, folks. They get it better than we do. If by  get it  he means  understand  then maybe he s on to something, but if he meant it in terms of have it better off in life, well, then he s absolutely just full of shit.Women earn, on average, only 79% of what men make. This isn t due to men s greater ability, or being smarter, or having more training. It s based upon the fact that they have an extra appendage between their legs that women don t have. And the pay gap is even worse among women of color. Not to mention the fact that many women are treated with far less respect in the work place. Often times their opinions are treated as  hostile  or  bossy  compared to a man s  assertiveness  and  drive to succeed. Trump is a bully, and he thinks that he can belittle women by saying how much they have it  better  than men. He says this because he gets in trouble for belittling them. He doesn t think people should call him out on his misogynistic bullshit. That s what he means by  women get it better,  because women these days are finally being heard, and he hates it. Absolutely despises it.Honestly? Any person who votes for Donald Trump, a man with zero policy or diplomacy experience, is an idiot, but women who vote for Trump? Seriously? Have a little more respect for yourself than that.Watch Trump s remark here: All of the men, we re petrified to speak to women any more  the women get it better than we do, folks.   Trump pic.twitter.com/VMUYEk2TxD  Alan Kestrel (@AlanKestrel750) May 7, 2016Featured Photo by Sean Rayford/Getty Images",0
6474, WATCH: Jehovah’s Witnesses Create Cartoon To Indoctrinate Kids Into Hating Gay People,"Apparently tired of people slamming doors in their faces, Jehovah s Witnesses have found a new way to indoctrinate children.Rather than accept that most parents do not want their children to be brainwashed into hating people, the religious sect is creating cartoons meant to teach them to be anti-gay  Christians  who can act as advocates for their cause.The cartoon begins with a child at school looking at the drawings her classmates made of their families. Gazing at one image of a child holding hands with her two moms, the child goes home and presents her mother with a picture she drew of her family, which features what conservatives call a  traditional  family featuring a mother and father.She mentions that one of her classmates drew two mommies, who are married to each other, and that her teacher says that it doesn t matter as long as they love each other and are happy.The girl s mother, however, has an anti-gay viewpoint and promptly goes about trying to teach her child how to hate and that gay people aren t  normal. The mother picks up her Bible and tells the girl that marriage is a union between one man and one woman and uses the example of an airport security scanner to demonstrate that gay people are not going to be able to go to paradise if they keep being gay. In other words, gay people are going to hell.The girl s mom goes on to claim that  people can change,  which is code that means gay people can just stop being gay and become straight. She then encourages the girl to tell her classmate all about Jehovah and that her parents are going to hell if they don t stop being gay.Here s the video via YouTube:Jehovah s Witnesses even proudly gave their stamp of approval after the video ends.This is part of the reason why I started telling Jehovah s Witnesses that I m not a Christian instead of just waiting for them to give up and go away. Their persistence at trying to preach to people at their homes is one of the most annoying things about them but now they are literally trying to indoctrinate children via social media with a cartoon that teaches them to be bigots homophobes who spew hate and condemnation instead of decent human beings who practice love, acceptance and tolerance.Children should not be subjected to this kind of backward thinking and creating a cartoon to do it is about as low as it gets.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
6475, John Oliver Exposes Shocking Reality Of Money In Politics (VIDEO),"Activist groups across the U.S. have been raising the alarm about the disastrous impact of money in politics for a long time.While the majority of Americans take issue with the massive amount of money that flows into the political system, most have no idea just how absurd the situation has really become.Leave it to John Oliver to shine a light on the problem.In this segment of Last Week Tonight the comedian/talk-show host goes behind the scenes of Congress to examine how fundraising activities have all but replaced activities related to policy-making and governing in Washington DC.One the most startling revelations from the segment is the fact that most Washington officials now spend at least two-thirds of their time in office raising money for reelection.Oliver reports that elected officials spend at least four hours out of every work day inside Washington call centers. This time is entirely devoted to calling wealthy donors to solicit funds.Toward the end of the segment Oliver sits down with New York Congressman Steve Israel who recently announced his retirement from office, saying: I don t think I can spend another day in another call room making another call begging for money As John Oliver points out in the segment, every elected official in Washington is expected to raise a certain amount of funds for their respective political party.The amount of money a member of Congress is expected to bring in varies according to their position in Washington. An ordinary member of Congress might be expected to raise $125,000, for example. On the other hand, a representative with a greater amount of power and influence, such as Nancy Pelosi, is expected to raise as much as $800,000 for the DNC.During the interview Rep. Israel described how the current system skews the political system toward the rich.Describing what goes on inside a congressional call center, the congressman said: You have a bunch of cubicles set up, and those cheap fabric dividers, and you sit at a little desk, and you have a phone, and you have an assistant next to you, and you have a call book, and the call book has sheets of every donor, uh, past donors and their records, and your assistant gets a supporter on the phone and gives the phone to you and you engage in polite conversation and then you get to the point and then you hang up and then you flip the page to the next donor and then you make another call After John Oliver points out that it sounds like he s describing a  shitty telemarketing operation,  Rep. Israel responds by saying that he views it as  a form of torture.  He then points out that the real victims in all of this are the American people.He notes that the average American citizen believes that  they don t have a voice in this system. Because of the absurd amount of money that federal legislatures are forced to raise, elected officials can t afford to waste time on people unable to donate at least $1,000 to their campaigns.What this means is that if you have large amounts of money to donate to your Senator or Congressman, that money buys you access to an elected official. If you don t have that kind of money to contribute, you re basically out of luck.Watch the segment below, via Last Week Tonight on YouTube:Image credit: video screen capture via Last Week Tonight on YouTube",0
6476, Chris Wallace Gets NC Governor To Admit That There Have Been No Crimes Committed In Bathrooms (VIDEO),"Fox host Chris Wallace pinned bigoted North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory to the wall on Sunday.In response to the Department of Justice slamming his state for violating the civil rights of transgender people, the Republican governor appeared on Fox News Sunday to whine about it instead of staying at home to keep North Carolina from getting hit with the loss of federal dollars.North Carolina currently faces the loss of nearly $1 billion in education funding and millions of dollars in transportation funding if the state continues to defend the discriminatory law known as HB2, which allows business owners to discriminate against LGBT customers and employees for alleged religious reasons.Wallace asked how McCrory would respond to the letter sent to him by the DOJ earlier this week since he has until the end of business on Monday to either refuse to comply or tell them that North Carolina will repeal the law.McCrory complained that the federal government didn t give him enough time and claimed that the Justice Department is trying to make law because gender identity is not covered by the Civil Rights Act.Pressed on whether of not he will take the federal government to court to defend the law, McCrory blamed Democrats for the law by saying that they started the bathroom laws in the first place. But that simply isn t true. Democrats did not legalize discrimination against transgender people. In 17 states and over 200 cities across the nation, lawmakers pass transgender protections allowing them to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity.Republicans, including McCrory, claimed that anti-trans bathroom laws are necessary to protect women and children from being sexually assaulted in bathrooms by someone using transgender protections as a way to get into women s restrooms and locker rooms. The problem is that there is not a single example of a predator doing that, unless you count the men that a conservative  Christian  group purposely sent into public restrooms to create a problem that doesn t really exist.In fact, Chris Wallace even managed to force Governor McCrory to admit that there is no evidence of transgender people committing crimes in bathrooms. Why not then just let it go,  Wallace asked,  if there s not a case of transgender people going in and molesting little girls? McCrory claimed that he hasn t made any such claims that such crimes would be committed, only to be called out by Wallace. McCrory then tried to frame the issue as a privacy issue. Again, Wallace reminded McCrory that transgender people just want to use the restroom and they aren t interested in violating a person s privacy.Wallace then addressed the boycott affecting the state s economy, bringing up that one study found that HB2 has cost North Carolina $77 million and 1,750 jobs. Rather than accept blame for this negative economic impact, which could get worse if the federal government pulls money from the state, McCrory launched into an attack on Paypal.Here s the video via YouTube:It sounds like North Carolina s Republican governor is preparing to wage a costly court battle with the federal government on the taxpayer s dime instead of just repealing the discriminatory law that caused all the outrage in the first place. Clearly, North Carolina residents should prepare themselves for further repercussions. And it s all because they elected bigots to control the state.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6477, WATCH: Fox Panel Glorifies This Vile Poverty Shaming Assault At Walmart,"Fox News recently aired a panel discussion over one of the right s new favorite videos online. Conservatives are falling in love with a viral video that shows a woman harass a man at a grocery store for buying food with benefits from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).The woman accosts the man and  angrily states that she is not a  bleeding heart f*cking liberal  before she says that he must be a  Bernie supporter.  This woman embodies all that is wrong with the current generation of conservatism.The man defends himself, saying that he works 60 hours a week but still needs the extra support to help provide for his child. I put in 50, 60 hour weeks. Just because you see me doing this right now I m trying to provide for my family. Jonathan Hoenig, a hedge fund manager who is famous mostly for being a rich a**hole was on the Fox News panel, defended the woman s attack saying: I m proud of this woman. This is the producers and the looters. And you know what, she s absolutely right. You have every right to keep every cent of your money. It should be pointed out that this all happened at a Walmart. Walmart costs the U.S. about $6.2 billion dollars a year providing benefits such as SNAP to their employees because they refuse to pay their employees a higher wage. It s very likely that any Walmart employee who was working at the time of the incident would be using SNAP, or some other form of government assistance. In Hoenig s mind. those people are  looters  as well as everyone else who has ever struggled in their life.That s just a small taste of the hate and ignorance to come out of this particularly horrible Fox News panel.You can watch the Fox News panel segment below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
6478, WATCH: SNL’s Church Lady Returns To Hilariously Mock Ted Cruz And Donald Trump,"Fresh off of being compared to Satan by John Boehner and dropping out of the 2016 presidential race, Saturday Night Live piled on by bringing back a familiar character to mock Ted Cruz.Dana Carvey returned for a special appearance as the Church Lady and the first guest was none other than Ted Cruz played by Taran Killiam, whom the Church Lady introduced as Satan.Cruz corrected the Church Lady, claiming that Boehner always has nicknames for him like  buster  or  son of a gun. I believe the phrase was  Lucifer in the flesh,  Church Lady responded.  A little bit different than  buster.' Church Lady then asked why the 2016 race didn t work out for him. I suppose the American people weren t ready for a candidate with strong Christian values,  Cruz explained.  Someone like me who follows the righteous path and lives his faith every blessed moment. Has anyone ever told you that you re just a little preachy,  Church Lady pointed out before noting that Cruz loves himself too much.  There it is,  Church Lady said noting Cruz s face.  That s that happy superior face because we love Jesus more than anybody. Cruz said that he believes everything that happened is part of God s plan. Was it part of God s plan for you to get humiliated by an orange mannequin? That s an odd plan for God to have for you,  Church Lady replied.Killiam s Cruz then mentioned that he s been told to go to hell so many times that he s thinking about turning evil and going there to check it out before letting out a creepy and awkward laugh. As he left, Church Lady told him that she would see him in hell.Church Lady then introduced Donald Trump as her next guest and promptly asked him if he ever reads the Bible.Trump, as played by Darrell Hammond, launched into how he enjoyed reading Corinthians Part Deux and Too Genesis, Too Furious. He then attempted to quoted from the Bible.  Love thy neighbor as thyself and like a good neighbor State Farm is there,  Trump said. He also said he loved the part where Game of Thrones character Jon Snow comes back from the dead.  That s great Bible,  Trump declared, leading the Church Lady to say her famous line,  Well, isn t that special. Here s the video via NBC.The way Republican candidates have obsessed with religion over the course of this election, it was definitely an appropriate time for the Church Lady to return.Featured image via screenshot",0
6479, Incoherent Lady Goes On CNN To Inform Paul Ryan She’ll Destroy Him For Bashing Trump (VIDEO),"If there s one thing politicians should be terrified of, it s the power and influence of Sarah Palin. You know, because her guy always wins. Oh wait, no, that s wrong. She s a joke and tries to stay relevant by grabbing onto the nearest coattails of anyone who will thrust her back into the spotlight.The failed former vice presidential candidate and reality television star is apparently furious Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) isn t backing Donald Trump, and she s hellbent on ending his career. Although, the only political career she s been great at destroying is her own.Palin told CNN s Jack Tapper, using  Cantored  as a verb, you know, like Eric Cantor,  I think Paul Ryan is soon to be  Cantored.'  Of course, Cantor was ousted in his primary back in 2014. A man who, as House Majority Leader, everyone assumed would be a shoo-in for Speaker of the House, a job that eventually went to Paul Ryan.I m sure Paul Ryan is trembling in his penny loafers.Watch Palin ramble on here about Ryan:Sarah Palin: Paul Ryan s  political career is over, but for a miracle  https://t.co/peFwtPCwKy #PalinOnCNN https://t.co/NxEo9lH0If  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 8, 2016 She wasn t done, though, Palin said:  His political career is over but for a miracle because he has so disrespected the will of the people, and as the leader of the GOP, the convention, certainly he is to remain neutral, and for him to already come out and say who he will not support is not a wise decision of his. No no, your political career is over, Palin. You. But she believes Ryan s ultimate goal is a White House run in 2020:  If the GOP were to win now, that wouldn t bode well for his chances in 2020, and that s what he s shooting for. Palin also insinuates that she ll be backing Paul Ryan s primary challenger in Wisconisn, Trump supporter Paul Nehlen, stating:  This man is a hard-working guy, so in touch with the people. Paul Ryan and his ilk, their problem is they have become so disconnected by the people whom they are elected to represent. Also saying:  They feel so threatened at this point that their power, their prestige, their purse will be adversely affected by the change that is coming with Trump and with someone like Paul Nehlen, that they re not thinking straight right now.  Sarah Palin: I will do  whatever I can  for Paul Ryan s primary challenger https://t.co/fRtfZtmgag #PalinOnCNN https://t.co/2OgJQlv9Ri  CNN (@CNN) May 8, 2016Will Speaker Ryan be threatened by Palin? Likely not. The only thing she threatens is the decency of the spoken English word.The fact that Jake Tapper had her on State of the Union is still mind-boggling, but alas, there she was, to spew her world salad and throw a hissy fit because someone dared to have an opinion about Trump that differed from her own. One day she won t be taken seriously anymore by the media, and that day can t come soon enough.Featured image via video screen capture",0
6480, WATCH: Sarah Palin Was Just Asked If She’ll Be Trump’s VP And Her Response Will Scare You,"Just when we thought that Sarah Palin was out of our lives, she seems to have found a way to creep back in. The self-described conservative and the vice presidential running mate of Republican senator John McCain in 2008 was asked whether she would be presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump s running mate. Palin said that she would be ready to serve but she worried about being a  burden  to the presumptive nominee. Palin said: I think I m pretty much as vetted as anybody in the country could be vetted. I think there are so many other great people out there in American that could serve in this position.I think if somebody wanted to choose me, they already know who I am, what I stand for. They wouldn t be in for any surprises.Palin did acknowledge that she came with lots of baggage. She said: I want to help and not hurt, and I am such a realist that I realize there are a whole lot of people out there who say,  Anybody but Palin.  I wouldn t want to be a burden on the ticket and I recognize that in many, many eyes, I would be that burden. So, you know, I just want the guy to win. I want America to win. Burden  is an understatement. A Trump/Palin ticket already sounds like a clown show but the thought of a Trump/Palin presidency is a terrifying prospect for America. As President Obama has warned, the presidency is not reality television or entertainment. It s the most powerful position in the world where important decisions must be made. Trump and Palin do not qualify to hold these positions.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BjYkd98_tc]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6481, Trump’s First Major Lie About Hillary Clinton Fires Up His Ignorant Supporters,"If Donald Trump has proven one thing it s that he is a master of control. He learns keywords that keep simple people focused on him like kittens to a shiny object. He s figured out that ANY question can be answered with,  We re gonna do it better.  He doesn t need to provide explanations to people who don t understand the federal government outside of the guy they contract with to deliver the mail.Trump s carefully crafted message full of 4th-grade vocabulary appeals to ignorant bigots, uneducated racists and angry xenophobes. Those people all happen to be, or are now registered as, Republicans. Trump chose the Republican party because you don t need facts to win with their base. His campaign was a joke at first and spun into the colossus of stupid that it is now, all built on bullying and lies. Now that it looks like Clinton is going to be his opponent, Trump has begun selling what will turn out to be an effective lie for the conservative base: Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the 2nd Amendment.The Hill reports that at an event in Washington, Trump officially appealed to the gun nuts of America with a preposterous lie that, if his record is any indication, he will NEVER retract: Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to abolish it. Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns away and she wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to take the bullets away. Trump went on to tell the crowd how much we should all cherish the 2nd Amendment. By moving the conversation from racism, xenophobia and fear directly to guns, Trump is making a dangerous connection for some very stupid people. If the idiots who believe the right to beat up protestors you disagree with is in the Constitution, what are the chances they won t show their support for Trump s favorite amendment and show up armed? They won t get in, but they could engage in some friendly banter outside and maybe shoot someone. That makes America great.The Clinton campaign s Jesse Lehrich tweeted out a response that sums up exactly how informed people see the Trump campaign:it must be liberating to just have no regard for facts whatsoever https://t.co/CtjXZz3ulR  Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) May 7, 2016forthcoming Trump mailers, probably pic.twitter.com/rbJXUXvSYw  Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) May 8, 2016Good stuff there. The comments on the article are already full of the same rhetoric we ve been listening to for years. Thanks to Trump and a whole slew of idiots, we get to listen to more of the  theyz comin  fer are GUNZ!  nonsense that s become so common during Obama s tenure as president.Featured image by Winn McNamee/Julie Dermansky   Getty Images",0
6482, ‘You Are Donald Trump’s Worst Nightmare’: John Kerry’s Inspiring Message To Graduates (VIDEO),"U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry delivered a rousing and inspiring commencement speech to the graduating class of Northeastern University on Saturday, defining the diverse and educated Americans as  Donald Trump s worst nightmare. Kerry addressed the students as they prepare to go out into the world and truly begin their adult lives, finding the careers, the friends and the partners that will form the focus of their lives. They will be America s next doctors, educators, carers, scientists, engineers, mathematicians, and yes, lawmakers. Standing before the, Kerry described what he saw as the basic failure of the Trump campaign   why the politics of hate and division cannot win the whole of America today, and certainly not tomorrow. You are the most diverse class in Northeastern s history.  he said.  In other words, you are Donald Trump s worst nightmare. The room broke out into massive applause, the students signaling clearly that they have not been dragged into the gutter politics fomented by the Trump campaign.The Secretary of State hit out at Donald Trump s bizarre and basic plans on immigration and foreign policy too   the sum total of which seem to be a) insult people and  b) build a wall. There are no walls big enough to stop people from anywhere, tens of thousands of miles away, who are determined to take their own lives while they target others,  Kerry reminded the GOP candidate.Kerry also had something to say about exactly what makes America great, and that it involves more than simply repeating it over and over again while parading about in front of a flag. We re not exceptional because we say we are.  he said, adding. Greatness isn t about bragging, it s about doing! It s about never being satisfied, it s about testing the limits of what we can achieve together. The speech totally lit up the graduating students, and serves as a reminder of the stark choice facing Americans come Election Day 2016. Whomever the Democrats choose as their candidate, the offer to America will be one of hope, progress, building America from the ground up   every child, every school, every hospital, every road, every bridge   to invest in a nation fit to face the challenges of the 21st century.The GOP will be offering the grim prospect of American regression. The blending of church and state, the withdrawal of women s reproductive rights, backward steps on understanding and prosecution of rape and sexual assault, a disrespect for education, science and technology which could push America even further behind in the most important fields of our time. A hollowed out, asset-stripped shell of a once great nation   stripped of all value, its people left to pick up the pieces.It is a serious choice, and it will be life and death   not only in terms of Trump s likely disastrous foreign policy, but because of what will happen to Obamacare, Medicare, and Medicaid if he comes to power. Make the right choice America.Featured Image via Screengrab",0
6483," 40,000 MA Drug Cases Could Be Thrown Out Because Of Drug Stealing Lab Scandal","A Massachusetts crime lab scandal could result in tens of thousands of criminal convictions being overturned. It s not the first time this has happened in the state either.As Addicting Info reported in May of last year, up to 60,000 drug cases were impacted by a scandal that rocked the Hinton Drug Lab, located in Boston, MA.In that case, a chemist by the name of Annie Dookhan plead guilty to 27 criminal charges, including  tampering with evidence, violating the state witness intimidation statute, multiple counts of lying to a grand jury, falsely claiming to carry a degree and others. Over a 14 year period, Dookhan forged documents, testified falsely in criminal cases and tampered with test results while employed as a chemist at the state crime lab.After Dookhan s confession thousands of convictions were overturned and hundreds of cases, which were still pending, were dismissed.The state of MA conducted a 15-month-long investigation into the crime lab, finding  a pattern of neglect, mismanagement, and poor standards. In spite of the state s findings, no other employees faced criminal charges. The Hinton lab was eventually closed down.Now another MA drug lab is facing a massive backlash, after court documents revealed a separate scandal involving drug use, evidence tampering and a series of other crimes earlier this week.As the Boston Herald reports, Amherst state lab chemist Sonja Farak was convicted in 2014 of tampering with evidence, theft and drug use inside the crime lab, where she was employed for more than eight years.At the height of her criminal activity, Farak was smoking crack ten to twelve times a day inside the crime lab, as well as using a host of other drugs which she obtained through the lab.Farak confessed to using the drugs at her work station, where she also tested samples submitted by law enforcement.She also confessed to being high while giving testimony in criminal cases and during interviews with police.While she was convicted of multiple crimes in 2014, officials did not disclose important details about how Farak s criminal activities had likely compromised tens of thousands of cases that she worked on.It took an order from the state Supreme Court to finally bring the extent of her misconduct to light.The ACLU released a statement on the Farak case, saying: The magnitude of the Amherst Lab misconduct rivals the similar scandal at the Hinton Lab, involving disgraced chemist Annie Dookhan, and the twin Massachusetts scandals have no known parallel elsewhere in the country. Matthew Segal, legal director of the ACLU of Massachusetts, went on to state: There is only one sensible response to these revelations: promptly notify the people who were denied due process, undo their wrongful convictions, and rethink the unjust war on drugs. The Boston Herald reports that Farak may have tainted the results in as many as 40,000 cases during the eight years she worked as a state crime lab chemist.Combined, the Dookhan and Farak scandals in MA alone could easily have caused more than 100,000 innocent people to be wrongfully imprisoned.If rampant corruption in just two state crime labs can result in the destruction of so many lives, we have to ask ourselves what is the impact when combined with corrupt law enforcement, corrupt courts and a corrupt penal system that thrives on profit?As the ACLU states here, fighting the failed war on drugs has only served to undermine the integrity of the entire criminal justice system.It s time to end the failed drug war, once and for all.Image credit: Wikimedia Commons",0
6484, Desperate Republicans Meet With Romney To Discuss Independent Run,"On Thursday, failed 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney met with William Kristol. Kristol, considered an influential voice on the right, is leading the effort to draft an independent candidate to challenge the party s presumptive nominee, Donald Trump.According to The Washington Post, Kristol and Romney met privately at the J.W. Marriott hotel in Washington to discuss the possibility of Romney entering the race as a third-party candidate.Kristol confirmed the  little meeting  during a phone interview with The Washington Post on Friday, saying: He came pretty close to being elected president, so I thought he may consider doing it, especially since he has been very forthright in explaining why Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton should not be president of the United States. The Washington Post reports that Kristol has been desperately seeking  a prominent political or military figure who could be drafted into the general-election contest,  in hopes of stopping Donald Trump.Kristol previously attempted to draft retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis, who turned down the proposition.According to statements made by Romney later on Thursday, the former candidate said he is not interested in launching an independent run, however he appeared to wholeheartedly support the idea.The Washington Examiner reports that Romney said: I m certainly going to be hoping that we find someone who I have my confidence in who becomes nominee. I don t intend on supporting either of the major-party candidates at this point. He continued, saying: I am dismayed at where we are now, I wish we had better choices, and I keep hoping that somehow things will get better, and I just don t see an easy answer from where we are. No Republicans, there really is  no easy answer  from where you are. Where you are is totally screwed.There is no super-hero Republican  political or military figure  who is going to save the GOP from the monster it created. Even if there was, it certainly wouldn t be Mitt Romney, who was already trounced by Democrats in 2012.Lest we forget, the 2016 primary season began with 22 Republican candidates.The candidates included a long list of Republican  all-stars : Rick Santorum, Ben Carson, Bobby Jindal, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee, Rick Perry, Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, John Kasich, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Jim Gilmore, Rand Paul, George Pataki, Lindsey Graham, Scott Walker, Jack Fellure, Andy Martin, Dennis Michael Lynch, Mark Everson, Jimmy McMillan and of course, Donald Trump. Needless to say, none of the other 21 primary candidates managed to stop Donald Trump.The fact that Republicans are now hoping against hope that somehow Mitt Romney can save the Republican party from certain death is almost comical.The Republican base clearly doesn t want another candidate. If they did, they could have picked any one of the 21 other morons who entered the 2016 primary race.Sadly, they want Donald Trump. Sadder still, they want Trump because his politics of hate aptly represent the dregs of society that the right-wing has been recruiting into the party for decades.Image credit: John Tlumacki/The Boston Globe via Getty Images",0
6485, Clinton Ties With Trump In The Very Republican State Of Georgia,"It s no secret has built a national coalition of minority voters. In the Democratic Primary, black and Hispanic voters came out and brought a sweep of the south for Clinton, thus edging her closer and closer to the nomination.It is this same minority population that might flip the southern state of Georgia in the November general election, and could tilt the electoral college in favor of Democrats for the first time since 1992. Before that, Democrats won in 1976 and 1980, when Jimmy Carter was president.A new poll from WSB 2 in Georgia shows a surprising result: Clinton and Trump are tied, 41 percent to 41 percent, with Trump winning whites and men and Clinton clinching women, African Americans, and Independents.Clinton is no fool. She knows perfectly well where she stands with Georgia. While appearing on ABC, the Democratic frontrunner pointed out that the state s demographics are growing in the Democrat s favor:In the last decade, Georgia s minority population has gone from 37%-44%. Eighty-one percent of the state s population growth has come from minorities. Blacks and Hispanics account for Georgia s population growth, and those two groups of voters are why the Clinton campaign seems to be gearing up to make a serious push to win Georgia.The only thing that could tip the scales in favor of Clinton is Independents. Although she leads Trump with them 36 percent to 28 percent, 38 percent remain undecided.If Clinton can tap into the Independent voters, and highlight just how crazy and destructive Donald Trump is, not only would Georgia turn blue, other southern sates could follow.And that s what Clinton is aiming to do:And I particularly want to support Democrats in states that have been voting against Democratic candidates for awhile now to rebuild the Democratic Party. We re going to try to make Georgia competitive, and we re going to fight hard in North Carolina and Virginia and Florida.Could there be a southern uprising in favor of Clinton? As the frontrunner looks towards the general election, stops in Ohio and Appalachia may also turn other red-leaning states blue.If Clinton keeps up her appeal to all (instead of just angry, white men), Democrats could have a great year. Georgia s latest poll is just one of more to come.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6486," Newt Gingrich Just SLAMMED Romney, Dubya And His Daddy For Being Hypocrites And Babies (VIDEO)","The actors and actresses of Fox News have received their marching orders and the run to November will officially be the propaganda machine for Donald Trump. That s how it seems, at least, as hosts align themselves with people like Newt Gingrich, and other hard-core party liners who will vote for whomever has an (R) next to their name. Gingrich vowed his support for Donald Trump as well as his contempt for some party heavy hitters.After a shot at Mitt Romney for trusting the party voters to deliver the candidate they want, he turned his attention to the two former presidents, George W. and George H.W. Bush. Both of those historical failures have decided that they refuse to support Donald Trump, and nor will they attend the convention to initiate the Fourth Reich. Little brother Jeb has also chimed in that he ll be on the sidelines as well, as though he had a choice. Jeb was Trump s first real target. When it worked and Jeb dropped out, pundits everywhere were shocked. Then one by one they fell. All of the party elite; all of the establishment favorites.The money from the Koch brothers never appeared, because as evil as they are, they aren t stupid. Donald Trump ran the most effective underdog campaign in history by loaning himself money and going out and getting free press. Trump used the Republican Party and the agenda of fear and hate they ve fostered for far too long against them like a champ. The uneducated bigots crawled out of the woodwork to demand the country be great again and (insert required amount of rhetoric and lies).As the stupidity gained steam and made its way towards a downhill run to Cleveland, the party began to fracture. The pledge they made Trump sign now makes them look like massive hypocrites. What they re left with are fights of the magnitude of Gingrich versus Bush:Gingrich: ""When [HW, W & Romney] were the nominees they expected all of us to support them."" https://t.co/0dzSQiMZjfhttps://t.co/7cYf30HPLf  Fox News (@FoxNews) May 7, 2016Congratulations, GOP. You made your bed, now lie in it.Featured image via screen capture",0
6487, Experts Warn This Trump Plan Would Cause ‘Global Financial Meltdown’,"Reality TV star and presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump  has convinced thousands of people that he s an expert on business, finance, and commerce. There isn t much evidence of those claims, and as he consolidates his power at the head of the Republican Party, his words reveal a dangerous lack of knowledge about global economics.In an interview with CNBC (on the phone, of course) Trump proposed a radical idea. He told the interviewer that he would reduce the national debt by having the United States fail to pay back on the money it owes. I would borrow, knowing that if the economy crashed, you could make a deal,  he told CNBC.  And if the economy was good, it was good. So, therefore, you can t lose. Trump doesn t seem to understand that the United States economy isn t one of his many, many casinos and other ventures that he sent into bankruptcy at the expense of his investors (and rarely himself). To set him straight, Gene Sperling, who was an economic adviser to Presidents Clinton and Obama, released a statement lacerating Trump s insane proposal: For Donald Trump to casually announce he would consider defaulting on our debt for the first time in our history shows a stunning lack of responsibility and understanding of the global economy,  he said.Sperling also pointed out that Trump s plan  would risk a global financial meltdown, drive up interest rates for Americans for decades, and seriously harm middle-class families. In case anyone might think that this is simply a case of a Democrat hitting Trump, Republicans and business experts also think his idea is bonkers:Tony Fratto, a spokesman for the U.S. Treasury Department under former President George W. Bush and a vocal member of the  Never Trump  movement, called the comments  dumb as a bucket of rocks.  Fortune Editor Alan S. Murray called them  scary. In Trump s first week as the Republican standard-bearer, he s revealing just how ill-prepared he is to govern, more than even your average modern Republican.Featured image via Flickr",0
6488, WATCH: Rep. Ellison Predicts Rise Of Trump Almost A Year Ago,"This week, Senator Ted Cruz lost the Indiana primary and just days after picking his vice presidential candidate, dropped out of the race for the Republican nomination for the White House. Less than 24 hours after Cruz threw in the towel, Ohio Governor John Kasich gave up too, and there was one dumbass left standing: Donald Trump. Suddenly, a scary realization hit Americans across the country: A reality star is one step away from becoming president and we have no idea how this happened. Well, not everyone is surprised; in fact, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) took Trump seriously from the very beginning.A video of ABC s This Week With George Stephanopoulos from July 2015 is making the rounds on the internet in the wake of Trump s candidacy and it shows Rep. Ellison warning a panel about the rise of Drumpf. During the show s segment Ellison says: All I want to say is that anybody from the Democratic side of the fence who thinks that uh who s terrified of the possibility of President Trump, better vote, better get active, better get involved because this man has got some momentum and we better be ready for the fact that he might be leading the Republican ticket. Maggie Haberman of the New York Times and George Stephanopoulos laughed out loud and George said, I know you don t believe that  Ellison reasserted his warning explaining that Jesse Ventura won Minnesota and said,  I m telling you, stranger things have happened. Crooks and Liars named others who predicted his rise as well:It s not surprising then that among the folks that got it right last summer were liberals like Ellison:Digby, June 2015:  Donald Trump has the potential to be a serious 2016 player. And that says everything you need to know about the Republican presidential field and the state of our politics today.Michael Moore, December 2015: Donald Trump is absolutely going to be the Republican candidate for president of the United States. It s going from being a joke to being a serious reality.Robert Creamer at Huffpo, August 2015: Trump is not going away. He is, in fact, a real contender for the nomination.And we also predicted it, way back in August of 2015 with our article  These 16 Quotes Explain Why Trump Will Be The Republican Candidate. It s really shocking that so many people are surprised that Trump is the GOP nominee; I mean, this guy is the walking embodiment of everything right-wing. He, like many members of the Tea Party, does not believe that President Obama is American. He hates immigrants, but only the Hispanic and Muslim ones. He doesn t like black people. He disrespects women. He wants to send our kids to war. He hates the government, loves his tax breaks, has been endorsed by the KKK and lies ALL THE TIME. There is nobody more perfect to represent the Republican party and if you are shocked, frankly you haven t been paying attention.The only thing left to do, for the sake of this country, is put our infighting aside and vote blue   no matter who our candidate is.Watch Ellison s predictions:Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images ",0
6489, Mexico’s Ex-President Mercilessly Trolls Trump For His ‘I’ll Bring Our Jobs Back’ Mantra (TWEETS),"Former Mexican President Vicente Fox already cemented his disdain for Donald Trump when he jumped on the business mogul for his border wall idea, saying Mexico would not pay for that f*cking wall. Now he s getting a kick out of trolling Donald Trump over other policies. The one he s attacking now? Trump s repeated claims that he s going to bring back all the jobs China supposedly stole from us.It s fairly well known that Trump s clothing line is made in primarily China, making him the king of hypocrites when he says we need to take our jobs back from there. Vicente Fox actually went on Twitter not just to point out that hypocrisy, but to bluntly slam Trump for it with a pic of himself wearing one of Trump s ties, and showing the label on the tie:Hey @realDonaldTrump, bringing jobs back to US   does that include your ties & shirts? #MadeInChina pic.twitter.com/e5SkBJC42b  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) May 6, 2016But wait! There s actually more to this. That tie might have been made in China, but Fox pointed out that other clothes in Trump s  Signature Collection  were made right next door in Mexico: Donald you are a cheat, again fooling US workers. V. Fox pic.twitter.com/QYcvfEVKEV  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) May 7, 2016In another tweet with the same photo as the above, he all but said he will be Trump s personal poltergeist for lying to the American people:Donald now manufacturing in Mexico.why you lie to American people? V. FOX YOUR SHADOW pic.twitter.com/crZZId1zB5  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) May 7, 2016And finally, Fox s pi ce de r sistance: A question about how much more expensive Trump s clothing line will become if he does manage to institute those heavy tariffs he keeps threatening for countries that  steal  our jobs: How expensive your suits & ties be if you tax them, @realDonaldTrump? It s insane to tax products made in China or Mexico #MadeInChina  Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) May 7, 2016Fox went on CNN recently to criticize Trump s xenophobia, as well as the fact that he s taken advantage of outsourcing for his own profit. Trolling him on Twitter now seems to be a continuation of that, considering he told CNN: He s cheating the American people. It s lie after lie after lie. Does The Donald ever think about any of this? It s not likely. He s shown that he likes to just say whatever seems popular at the time, even if it means flip-flopping his positions. How s about he actually be an example to the rest of the country and bring his own manufacturing back first? Oh, wait, that would mean he has to stop taking advantage of a lot of things he s called  good business.  Scratch that. Fox s tweets are spot-on.Featured image via screen captures from embedded tweets",0
6490, Former GOP Senator BLASTS Trump: ‘I Think He’s A Sociopath’,"The list of establishment Republicans who are refusing to support Donald Trump as the 2016 presidential nominee just keeps on growing. The latest is a former GOP senator from New Hampshire, Gordon Humphrey. Sen. Humphrey says that he will not be getting behind the billionaire for the presidency for one simple reason: he believes the man is a  sociopath.  When asked about supporting Trump during efforts to get the party to unite behind the presumptive nominee, Humphrey said: Unequivocally, I am not supporting Donald Trump. I think he s a sociopath. Now, these are strong words coming from within the GOP, but they are also most likely correct. Humphrey isn t the only one in the anti-Trump camp, either. Paul Ryan has yet to get behind Trump, and he is currently the highest ranking Republican in Congress. Further, GOP consultant Michael Biundo said the following via Twitter: By not supporting Trump, I am supporting our country. These statements are not, of course, stopping Trump s people from trying to get GOPers to get behind the business mogul s plans to become America s facsist dictator president. Trump has a chairman in New Hampshire, Steve Stepanek, who is urging people to get behind his man. He says: I am focused on bringing the party together. I m not going to be asking for any Republican s resignation at this point in time. I m asking Republicans to unite behind Donald Trump and the entire Republican ticket here in the state of New Hampshire. The thing is, though, Trump is the most divisive force that the GOP has seen in many years, possibly ever. He is the same for the country. His violent rhetoric, unhinged supporters, and irrational, mean-spirited behavior have made all sane people run as far away from this goon as possible, regardless of political persuasion. It doesn t matter at this point who you are   if you have one iota of decency or sense, you don t go anywhere near Donald Trump, and you work to stop his takeover of this great nation, no matter what it takes.Good going, Donald. You are literally destroying the Republican Party before our very eyes.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
6491, Starbucks And Barnes & Noble Joining Target In Saying FU To Haters,"While there has never been a confirmed instance of transgender people as child predators, this year s Republican pearl clutching is directed toward transgender people and their rights to use bathrooms. States are even passing laws trying to ensure that somehow, people s bathroom habits match up to their birth certificates.Yes, it s absurd, and some retailers are telling their customers exactly that by opening their bathrooms to any shopper, regardless of genitalia. Target was the first major retailer to do that and now, Starbucks and Barnes & Noble are joining them.Starbucks, Hudson s Bay Co. parent company to Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue and Barnes & Noble have all come out in support of trans people s rights to use the bathrooms that best align with their gender identities. HBC respects and affirms each person s right to self-identify and access facilities that reflect their gender identity,  said spokeswoman Tiffany Bourr .Starbucks spokeswoman Jaime Riley stated that the company is  looking into additional opportunities to have more gender-neutral signage in our restrooms where jurisdictions allow it. As a company, Barnes & Noble treats all employees and customers with dignity and respect,  spokeswoman Mary Ellen Keating said.  For our transgender employees and customers, that means that they are allowed to use the bathroom of the gender they identify with. Source: NewNowNextOf course, whiny conservatives are, well, whining.Thanks to Starbucks s idiotic gender neutral bathrooms, I won t be going there anymore.  Maggie Holmes (@magselizabeth15) May 1, 2016 Hey #BoycottTarget peeps, #barnesandnoble and @Starbucks have the SAME policy on bathrooms. That needs more attention.  DJ (@formadeo) April 30, 2016@InGodIDoTrust / Target bathrooms are fast rivaling starbucks as a libtard safe haven  CLAYVIS (@HAMnEGG_WILLIE) April 26, 2016For most Starbucks shops, this is little more than thumbing their noses at right-wing nut jobs. Most Starbucks bathrooms are single stall, so privacy is kind of a given.If you recall, it was just a few months ago when Starbucks was being boycotted by presumably some of the same people   people who objected to the fact that their Christmas cup didn t have Jesusy images like snowmen and Christmas trees. It was just blank.Here s the video:And still, Republicans don t get it. They don t get the point of our government. Young Conservatives, for example, said this, which sums up much of the argument against gender neutral bathrooms.It is very strange how many large companies are willing to completely ignore the safety of their customers just to pander to less than 1% of the population.Ironically, this is the argument used every time liberals suggest equality for everyone. It s true that transgender people are a tiny minority, but that s why they need legal protections. We have never been a true democracy. We don t bow to the tyranny of the majority. When African-Americans were legally integrated into society, the majority of citizens were white and the mouth breathers objected to their little girls being in a stall next to a little African-American girl. Obviously, integrated bathrooms didn t cause problems then and they cause no problems now. They are just the latest desperate grab at an ugly past when the only people who counted were white, male, cigenders and Protestant.Featured image via Getty Images. ",0
6492, Bill Maher Shows America Why Donald Trump Must NOT Be President (VIDEO),"Bill Maher is not shy about what he thinks of presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Maher unleashed a 6 minute destruction of the billionaire demagogue, at one point calling him a pu**y and a whiny little bit*h, saying that Trump fit  American stereotypes about 1950 s housewives. Maher said: Never forget, Lady Trump, that Hillary Clinton was born a woman. But you chose to live your life as a whiny little b*tch. Which is why, if Hillary is the Democratic nominee, I ll be voting for the only one who has balls. Maher continued: And like a  daffy  housewife of the  50s, Trump can t balance a checkbook. In a skit where Maher appeared to voice bewilderment and frustration that someone like Donald Trump actually has a shot at the presidency, Maher pointed to his personal experiences with the GOP demagogue, including the time Trump sued him for  challenging  him to prove he was not the son of an orangutan in response to Trump s  birther  rhetoric about President Barack Obama.Maher also criticized Trump s business dealings, pointing to his failures: Trump Airlines, Trump Casinos, Trump University, Trump Steaks. He s got the Midas touch   if every time Midas touched something it exploded. Maher is able to sum up the absurdity that is Donald Trump. It s important that we do all we can to make sure he doesn t become president by going out and voting this November.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB4sGX0R5ak]Featured image via video screenshot.",0
6493, Thousands Of Doctors Agree: Single-Payer Is The Way To Go,"Despite recent assertions from certain Democratic presidential candidates, the dream of a single-payer national healthcare system in the United States is alive and worth fighting for   even if it may not be implemented tomorrow. Thousands of physicians have recently endorsed a proposal to make that dream a reality.On Thursday, the Physicians for a National Health Program released their final proposal for creating a single-payer or as it is commonly referred to a  Medicare-for-all  national health care plan. The proposal was crafted by 39 top physicians and released in an editorial titled  Moving Forward from the Affordable Care Act to a Single-Payer System,  which was published in the American Journal of Public Health. The proposal also came with a political punch. At the time of the proposal s release 2,280 physicians and 168 medical students endorsed the plan. If you are a physician or work in the healthcare industry, you can endorse the proposal on PNHP s website. Our nation is at a crossroads,  said Dr. Adam Gaffney, a Boston-based pulmonary disease and critical care specialist, lead author of the editorial and co-chair of the Working Group that produced the proposal.  Despite the passage of the Affordable Care Act six years ago, 30 million Americans remain uninsured, an even greater number are underinsured, financial barriers to care like co-pays and deductibles are rising, bureaucracy is growing, provider networks are narrowing, and medical costs are continuing to climb. PNHP notes that their proposal would  save about $500 billion annually by eliminating the high overhead and profits of insurance firms, and the massive paperwork they inflict on hospitals and doctors.  Furthermore, since there is only one health insurance plan, there would be no bars in place from insurers that prevent individuals from seeing whichever doctor they choose. That has been a major talking point for conservatives over the past few years that would be immediately invalidated. Going back to the cost savings benefits of the program, since there would only be one major healthcare provider, the cost of medications and other medical devices would almost instantly decline, due to strengthened negotiating power.It almost understandable why some progressives might think that a serious push for a single-payer healthcare system might be a waste of resources, and instead advocate for small reforms. However, I don t think that there has ever been a better time to go all in for a single-payer healthcare system.Republicans have been fighting the Affordable Care Act tooth and nail since its implementation. During this time, they have not been able to come out with any real alternative proposals or ways to improve the system. Instead, right-wing politicians and pundits have programmed their supporters to hate the ACA, or Obamacare, without question. Despite having an outright hatred for the concept as a whole, conservatives actually tend to have fairly high favorable attitudes towards specific elements of the plan.This gives progressives an incredible talking point to make   that they, too, want to end Obamacare. That may sound like a heretical statement to make considering the all-out rhetorical war that has raged over keeping the healthcare reforms in place for over half a decade. However, progressives shouldn t shy away from such a statement. The ACA was meant to end one day. It was created with the intention of being a stepping stone towards a single-payer system. That doesn t mean that the successful aspects of the law would need to be done away with if we switched to a single-payer system; if anything, the last few years have taught us much about how such a system would need to work in order to be successful. Featured image from Photo by Lefteris Pitarakis   WPA Pool/Getty Images",0
6494, You Need To Hear What President Obama Just Said About The Importance Of Voting BLUE (VIDEO),"In case you have been living under a rock, Democrats got slaughtered in the 2014 midterm elections. That year featured voter turnout that was at its lowest since World War II. Unfortunately, Republicans thrive on low turnout   especially when they can take advantage of the Supreme Court s monumentally stupid decision to gut the Voting Rights Act. Already, we are seeing an impact. In 2016, GOP voters have been flocking to the polls to support their favorite KKK-endorsed bigot, Donald Trump. Democrats, however, have largely been staying home, especially in southern states.On Saturday, President Obama addressed the graduating class at Howard University, where he dropped a truth bomb on the crowd: if you stay home, we lose. Obama acknowledges that Republicans have managed to not only keep barriers in place even after the many decades since the Voting Rights Act was passed in the first place, but that they are also erecting  new barriers to vote  like nonsensical voter ID laws they claim will combat almost nonexistent voter fraud. But he also pointed out a harsh truth with which we need to come to terms: Democrats have a bad habit of not showing up to the polls. This is the only advanced democracy on earth that goes out of its way to make it  difficult for people to vote,  the President said, referencing the  legacy  of white supremacists attempting to limit the black vote.  But let me say this: even if we dismantle every barrier to vote that alone would not change the fact that America has some of the lowest voting rates in the free world. In 2014, only 36 percent of Americans turned out to vote in the midterms.  Obama told the students.  [It was] the second-lowest participation rate on record.  He particularly urged black voters to get their behinds to the polls. Noting the low African-American participation rates, President Obama reminded them that Democrats staying home  made a difference in what [he s] gotta deal with.  In other words, Democrats who stay home elect Republicans. People wonder,  how come Obama hasn t gotten this done  How come he didn t get that done?  he continued.  You don t think that made a difference? What would have happened if you had turned out at 50, 60, 70 percent all across this country? People try to make this political thing really complicated,  the President said pointedly, but it s actually quite simple: It s mad   If you have more votes than the other guy, you get to do what you want. It s not that complicated. And you don t have excuses. You don t have to guess the number of jellybeans in a jar or bubbles on a bar of soap to register to vote. You don t have to risk your life to cast a ballot. Other people already did that for you. Then, he reminded us of what happens when we don t exercise our right to vote: When we don t vote, we give away our power, disenfranchise ourselves. Right when we need to use the power we have. Right when we need your power to stop others from taking away the voting rights of those more vulnerable than you are: the elderly, the poor, the formerly-incarcerated trying to earn their second chance. You need to vote all the time   not just when it s cool, not just when it s time to elect a President, not just when you re inspired. It s your duty. The President clarified that it s not just national elections that matter. It goes beyond who you put in the Oval Office, or with whom you fill the seats in Congress. It s important to vote for progressive policies at  every level. It is not that complicated,  the President said.  Don t make it complicated. In November, remember Obama s words   and do your duty.Featured image via screengrab",0
6495, Watch Dan Savage Destroy Ann Coulter For Her ‘Bullsh*t’ Obsession With Trump (VIDEO),"Ann Coulter is one of those blatantly offensive conservatives that most of us wish would just go away, but she continues to find a way to make herself seem somewhat relevant by spewing inflammatory remarks and hate speech on news shows.On Friday, Bill Maher had Coulter on Real Time, where she probably thought she was going to succeed in spreading her ignorant views and praise for Donald Trump. But Maher s show took another turn   instead, Coulter was mercilessly bashed by one of Maher s other guests, sex columnist Dan Savage.Savage, being more than familiar with Coulter s anti-immigration stance (which basically makes Trump her political soulmate), called Coulter out and brutally exposed the stupidity behind her beliefs. He asked: Why do we want to throw these 11 million people out of the country? They contribute more to our economy than they take out; they pay more in taxes than they receive in services; illegal immigrants commit fewer crimes per capita  Coulter cut Savage off, interrupting him with made up  facts  even though she claimed that his points were  untrue  and  false facts.  She added: Not only are they false facts, but if they are true facts then you need to go and elect people who will change the laws. Savage didn t let up. Referring to Trump s obsession with building a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border, Savage fired back and took Coulter s smug smile right off her face when he said, But your rationale for building this wall is bullsh*t. Coulter argued, No, the rationale is that he [would be] the commander-in-chief, he protects the borders. Those are the laws. Savage also made sure to rip the GOP as a whole just as hard as he railed against Coulter. Earlier in the conversation, Coulter made a comment that Savage  should be the spokesman for Hillary Clinton  because he was so judgmental and critical of the Republican Party. She   once again passing off lies as facts, said, That s gonna be a big hit with the American people   who are overwhelmingly voting for Trump. Savage didn t sugarcoat the truth for Coulter. He countered: No, the GOP base   which is overwhelmingly rubes, idiots, sexists, racists   are overwhelmingly voting for Trump. Truer words have never been said.You can watch Savage and Coulter s tense exchange below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
6496, Judge Lets Trump Postpone His Fraud Case Until Three Weeks AFTER The Election,"Thanks to an absurd legal ruling, Donald Trump won t have to answer to charges of defrauding people of tens of thousands of dollars until after the election. A federal judge decided it would be unfair to make him testify while he s running for office   presumably because it could give people the impression that he s a conniving huckster who fleeces gullible rubes in order to line his pockets. Heaven forbid.Trump s lawyers were extremely satisfied that they managed to convince a federal judge to schedule Trump s trial   including his appearance on the witness stand   after a previous judge had scheduled the hearing for June. It could have seriously hurt his political career. Instead, a San Diego judge told Trump s legal team that the law could wait until late November   three weeks after the election.Donald Trump will testify after the presidential election on a class-action lawsuit that accuses the billionaire businessman and his now-defunct Trump University of defrauding people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars.It seems likely that, should Trump win, the lawyers will change their mind about Trump attending the trial, however. He ll be busy organizing his transition team and preparing to move to the Oval Office (or moving the Oval Office to Trump Tower, perhaps).It would seem that getting to the bottom of whether or not Donald Trump willfully defrauded eager students of non-existent  real estate seminars  of $35,000 would be very important for voters who are deciding whether or not to put that man in office. As it stands, most voters will likely have no idea of the pending litigation against Trump come Election Day.As if to highlight the baffling favoritism, the FBI recently announced that despite not finding any evidence that Hillary Clinton committed any crimes with her emails, they are asking her to come into conduct a series of interviews with them just to be sure. The meetings will be sure to be covered wall-to-wall on the news networks and will lend further credence to spurious claims that she had done something wrong. Fair and balanced.So there we have it: One candidate who has never been charged is subjected to endless scrutiny and legal harassment. Another who has more pending and settled lawsuits than any presidential candidate in U.S. history got a federal judge to do him a solid and postpone justice for the people who he ripped off before he decided he d move onto bigger scams. If the moral arc of the universe does indeed bend towards justice, than we are still clearly behind the curve.Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
6497, Alabama’s Homophobic Chief Justice Roy Moore Kicked Off Bench For Ethics Violations,"Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore is finally facing the music for his refusal to follow the law. The notoriously bigoted justice has been suspended from Alabama s Supreme Court for ethics violations. HALLELUJAH!If you recall, earlier this year, Moore made national headlines when he ordered the state s judges to refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. The Chief Justice s order said: Until further decision by the Alabama Supreme Court, the existing orders of the Alabama Supreme Court that Alabama probate judges have a ministerial duty not to issue any marriage license contrary to the Alabama Sanctity of Marriage Amendment or the Alabama Marriage Protection Act remain in full force and effect. His actions were in clear violation of the Supreme Court of the United State s Obergefell v. Hodges decision which granted gay couples equal protection under the 14th Amendment and legalized marriage equality. Moore, believing that he was more powerful than the SCOTUS decided that he didn t like their decision, so he wasn t going to allow his state to abide by it. This decision has cost him his seat on the Alabama Supreme Court. According to a the Montgomery Advertiser:The Judicial Inquiry Commission Friday charged Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore with violating ethical rules, over his attempt earlier this year to stop probate judges from issuing same-sex marriage licenses. The six charges led to Moore s immediate suspension in the role.Unfortunately, Moore will still be paid during his suspension, but the charges could lead to him losing his seat on the bench permanently. When the complaints were first levied against the bigot, he claimed that they were  politically motivated  and said he was just listening to the people of his state. AL.com reached out to Moore on Friday and he said that he is ready to fight the LGBT agenda: The Judicial Inquiry Commission has no authority over the administrative orders of the chief justice of Alabama or the legal injunctions of the Alabama Supreme Court prohibiting probate judges from issuing same-sex marriage licenses. The Judicial Inquiry Commission has chosen to listen to people like Ambrosia Starling, a professed transvestite and other gay, lesbian and bisexual individuals, as well as organizations that support their agenda. Like most ignorant Republicans, Moore doesn t seem to comprehend the fact that he is not above the law. The Supreme Court has more power than he does and they ruled on this issue already. That means that when he refused to abide by their ruling, he was violating the law and the Constitution. That s not an  agenda,  it s the reality of the laws of our land. If Moore s personal beliefs prevented him from carrying out the duties of his position, he deserved to be removed and anything less would have been a violation of the rights of the citizens of Alabama.Featured image via Gary Tramontina/Getty Images",0
6498, American Airlines Throws Ivy League Economist Off Plane For Doing Math,"Ivy League economist Guido Menzio has reportedly been removed from an American Airlines flight and interrogated after being found in possession of algebra.Menzio had been seated next to a female passenger on the plane who became suspicious that her dark-skinned fellow traveler was writing in a script with which she was unfamiliar. The female passenger then reported Menzio immediately and secretly to cabin crew as a suspected terrorist. She left the plane, citing illness as her excuse. Meanwhile, other passengers began to grumble at the delay. A short while later, Menzio was also escorted from the plane on grounds he would only be made aware of later.When security began to interrogate him about the woman who had left   so far as Menzio knew   due to illness, he believed he was playing a role in supporting their inquiries as to her condition. But they then revealed it was Menzio who was under suspicion and being interrogated as a suspect terrorist.As the Washington Post reports:Had the crew or security members perhaps quickly googled this good-natured, bespectacled passenger before waylaying everyone for several hours, they might have learned that he  Guido Menzio is a young but decorated Ivy League economist. And that he s best known for his relatively technical work on search theory, which helped earn him a professorship at the University of Pennsylvania and stints at Princeton and Stanford s Hoover Institution.They might even have discovered that last year he was awarded the Carlo Alberto Medal, given to the best Italian economist under 40. That s right: He s Italian, not Middle Eastern, or whatever heritage usually gets racially profiled on flights these days.The suspicious scrawl which so perturbed the female passenger and flight crew was nothing more than math. Algebra to be precise.The renowned economist said of his experience in a Facebook post:It s a bit funny. It s a bit worrisome. The lady just looked at me, looked at my writing of mysterious formulae, and concluded I was up to no good. Because of that an entire flight was delayed by 1.5 hours.Trump s America is already here. It s not yet in power though. Personally, I will fight back.Manzi becomes the latest among a litany of Muslim and non-Muslim people to have their lives interrupted and they character made suspect by the sort of casual racism and fear promoted by not only Donald Trump, but much of the mainstream media and conservative political class. After the horrors of McCarthy era America, we would hope the nation would have learned a valuable lesson on restraint. It appears not.Featured Image via Flickr Creative Commons/Penn Arts and Sciences",0
6499," Senate Republican Says Dumpster Fires Are More Popular Than Trump, Calls For Third Party Run","Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse seems to be fed up with his party, and there s no way in hell he s going to vote for Donald Trump. In a lengthy Facebook post, the Nebraska Senator called for a third party run to stop Trump. While he was certainly none too kind to Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton, he made it clear that his sights are set on stopping Trump from getting anywhere near the White House. Here is the embed of the post:Now, anyone with any sense regarding how our political process works knows that there s no way in hell a third party candidate can win in the current climate. In other words, if others jump ship like Senator Sasse has, the GOP throws the election to Clinton. Yep, you read that right. There is at least one senator in the Republican Party who is already openly willing to pursue a track that goes against his own party s nominee. That is how much he hates Trump.He isn t the only one, either, most likely. House Speaker Paul Ryan has already come out and said that despite the fact that Trump is his party s presumptive presidential nominee, that he cannot support him at this time. Further, there are plenty of Republicans who are struggling with the idea of supporting a nomination where Donald Trump is at the top of their ticket. It s about time   finally, there are Republicans who are at last somewhat sane who have drawn a line in the sand to show that they value their country over their party. There was a time when this would never have been the case. That is how bad Trump is.Now, again, Sasse was no friend to Democrats in this post, but his response to the idea of a Donald Trump nomination is quite telling. The guy is no friend to Trump as the GOP nominee.Featured image via Bill Clark/Getty Images",0
6500, Failed GOP Candidates Remembered In Hilarious Mocking Eulogies (VIDEO),"Now that Donald Trump is the presumptive GOP nominee, it s time to remember all those other candidates who tried so hard to beat him in the race to the White House. After all, how can we forget all the missteps, gaffes, weirdness, and sheer idiocies of such candidates as Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, John Kasich, Ted Cruz, Ben Carson, and Carly Fiorina?There s a video making the rounds on Twitter that does just that, and eulogizes three of these failed candidates as though they re dead (and the GOP itself might as well be dead at this point anyway). Appropriately titled,  A Eulogy for the GOP,  people make short speeches about each of these candidates.Once past the man who actually says Jeb Bush was qualified to be president, there are fake tears, with journalist and comedienne Francesca Fiorentini saying: Dearly beloved, we re gathered here today to commemorate the candidates that are no longer with us. One man, speaking to an amusing, circus-y rendition of Chopin s Funeral March, remembers Jeb this way: Jeb, we hardly knew ye. It s too bad that your policies couldn t find their way out of the Republican morass. Indeed, it was like Jeb and his policies were invisible sometimes, although many felt that he would win the nomination early on. His best performances often came during debates, when he d get into out-and-out fights with Donald Trump over virtually everything under the sun. He also had a bad habit of defending his brother s actions in Iraq, memorably saying,  As it relates to my brother, there s one thing I know for sure: He kept us safe. Moving on to Marco Rubio, Fiorentini herself says: He was called so many things:  Young, charming, Lil  Marco.' That last nickname is, of course, a reference to Trump s penchant for name-calling. Then, a man speaking Spanish remembers Rubio this way: Marco, why aren t you a normal boy? Another said that his involvement in the Gang of Eight immigration bill killed him as a candidate, to which Fiorentini replies: Some people die of gang violence. He died of Gang of Eight violence. The makers of this video saved the absolute best for last, of course, which is Ben Carson. On our dear Dr. Carson, one of the speakers says: He would gently rock me to sleep with his monotone voice. Carson was especially well known for seemingly being asleep half the time. If we saw his eyes open wide, it was surprising, and likely because he was surprised himself. His voice is soft, his speech is slow, and it really can be hard to stay awake while he s talking. Imagine him giving a State of the Union address!To see the whole video, especially the spectacular ending after Carson s eulogy, watch below:Take a moment to say your g byes to these GOP candidates. ? https://t.co/6O70bl9zV8  AJ+ (@ajplus) May 7, 2016 Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
6501, WATCH: Liberal Redneck Completely Demolishes Ted Cruz (VIDEO),"Yesterday, Trae Crowder, otherwise known as the Liberal Redneck, released an awesome YouTube comedy segment celebrating the demise of Ted Cruz.After his devastating loss in Indiana on May 3, Cruz solemnly resigned from the republican presidential primary race. While a few of his supporters booed at the announcement, the overwhelming majority of Americans were anything but sad to see Cruz drop out.Crowder devoted a short segment to the topic, beginning his monologue by announcing that  everyone s favorite murder-lizard has dropped out of the race. He goes on to recite the story of how Ted Cruz came to run for president, explaining: The Cruz family spent hours praying about about whether or not he should run, until god came down and spoke to his wife directly and said he should. Continuing with the story, he says  and so Ted hit his knees and offered himself up and said  I m your servant lord, use me in this as you see fit. Now that Ted has admitted that there is no possible way he can ever become president, Crowder surmises what this means, saying: To Ted, the use that his lord picked out for him was to completely destroy the republican party as we know it, while getting dusted by a carny-handed mango man. It s comedy, but the Liberal Redneck makes some great points in the segment, honing in on the message that Cruz s abject humiliation sends to right wing Christian extremists.That message is clearly  ya ll have lost. Crowder points out that Cruz could not beat a guy  who could come out tomorrow and announce Hulk Hogan as his running mate. But the ultimate message sent to the Christian right by Cruz s butt- spanking is that we re done with this. Crowder sums it up by saying: We re done with you wasting our time on trivial bullshit like laws about who uses what bathroom and how gay a cake s allowed to be before you gotta call a prayer circle. We re done. Watch the video below, courtesy of Liberal Redneck via YouTube. Featured image via video screen capture via Trae Crowder on Youtube",0
6502, Whoops: VA Gun Shop Employee Accidentally Shoots Herself,"An employee of Safeside Tactical in Roanoke, Virginia accidentally shot herself in the leg on Thursday, May 6 during a private event being held inside the gun store. According to local station WDBJ7, the shooting took place just before noon, while the business was closed to the public.Roanoke City Police Department and Roanoke Fire EMS were called to the scene. The shooting victim was transferred to Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital, where she is being treated for non life-threatening injuries.According to a statement released by the company, the injured employee works in an administrative position.The company stated: All of our employees undergo required firearm safety training upon hiring, and this unfortunate incident shows that even experienced firearm owners must be ever-vigilant and aware of the responsibilities associated with safe handling. According to the NRA, guns make for a safer society. Following that line of reasoning, a gun shop should be the safest place in the world. This is just one of many incidents where people have been accidentally or purposely injured by a firearm while surrounded by guns.On January 9, 2015, for example, four people were shot inside a gun store in Shawnee, Kansas.A few months later, a Fayetteville, NC man shot himself in the leg while attending a gun show.In November 2015, two men were shot at a gun show in Idaho when a vendor  accidentally fired a rifle. In January of this year, somewhere between one and three people were shot at a gun show in Ohio. Authorities were unable to determine the exact number of people who were shot at that event.Also in January of this year, two people were killed and two others injured during a father-son shootout at a gun store in Mississippi.All of the people involved in these shootings were surrounded by guns when they were injured or killed. Contrary to what the NRA says, being surrounded by guns does not make a person less likely to get shot. In fact, the opposite is true. The more guns that people have access to, the greater their risk of being injured or killed by one.Featured image via Ratha Grimes via Flickr cc 2.0 ",0
6503, Bernie Sanders Open To Being Clinton’s V.P. (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton is on the path to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. As the convention nears, Clinton and Sanders are still battling for every last vote, and rightfully so. But as the contest continues, supporters of both sides have descended into a fighting match over who would be the better option.But what if they both joined forces to take down Donald Trump?Well, while appearing on CNN with Wolf Blitzer, Bernie Sanders left the door open to being Hillary Clinton s vice presidential running mate. When asked, Sanders responded: Right now, we are focused on the next five weeks of winning the Democratic nomination. If that does not happen, we are going to fight as hard as we can on the floor of the Democratic convention to make sure that we have a progressive platform that the American people will support. Then, after that, certainly Secretary Clinton and I can talk and see where we go from there. Imagine if Sanders and Clinton joined forces to take down the xenophobic blowhard Donald Trump. Uniting liberals, progressives, moderates and independents with two strong candidates could bring a landslide election that Democrats need to cement a longer lasting legacy.While Republicans are jumping ship at the prospect of Trump being their nominee, Sanders decides to keep the greater good in sight.Sanders has already pledged to work with Democrats on building a progressive party platform, as has Clinton. The prospect of a Clinton-Sanders ticket would push the frontrunner further to he left, a move her campaign says will not continue. Should Clinton continue to move left, her campaign fears, would turn off moderate and independent voters who might be swayed by Donald Trump s impending  softer  image.Media outlets have listed an impressive group of progressive leaders to be Clinton s V.P. pick, including Senators Sherrod Brown (OH), Tim Kaine (VA), Elizabeth Warren (MA) and Bernie Sanders. Others include Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Health and Human Services Secretary Julian Castro, and former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick.Senator Sanders hasn t named off any potential V.P. picks yet, considering his climb to nomination is steep. Clinton hasn t come out with any selections yet, but that doesn t mean outlets aren t itching to guess.Some say Clinton shouldn t pick Sanders, saying Vermont is not strategic, and could be seen as a pander and a power grab.But we say it could be a powerhouse of progressive values that would resonate with the majority of Americans.Watch the Senator s remarks, courtesy of CNN: Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
6504," Elizabeth Warren Strikes Back At Trump After He Responds To Her, And It Is EPIC (TWEETS)","When dealing with a candidate who has the maturity level of an elementary school student, you re going to have to expect name-calling, and now Donald Trump is now using this tactic against Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren. Two very powerful women, but two very powerful women that aren t about to put up with his horseshit tactics. They may have worked against his ridiculous Republican competition, but no, not now. He ll be called out and taken to task.Which is exactly has what just happened when Trump decided to hit back at Warren s viral Facebook post calling him out.Trump took to twitter, several days after Warren called him out, and decided to try to pull his same old song and dance. He tweeted:I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 6, 2016And then continues this name-calling for a few more tweets:Let s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren s records to see if she is Native American. I say she s a fraud!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 6, 2016Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 6, 2016Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2016So, Elizabeth Warren comes right back at him and calls him what he absolutely is   lame. She wrote: I called out Donald Trump on Tuesday. 45 million saw it. He s so confident about his  counter punch  he waited until Friday night. Lame. I called out @realDonaldTrump on Tuesday. 45 million saw it. He's so confident about his ""counter punch"" he waited until Friday night. Lame.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016Oh, but she didn t stop there. She went after him   HARD. Goofy,  @realDonaldTrump? For a guy with ""the best words"" that s a pretty lame nickname. Weak!  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016We saw what happened when birthers like @realDonaldTrump attacked @BarackObama. They lost big. American voters knew better.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016We saw when Scott Brown attacked my family & his staff made tomahawk chops & war whoops. They lost big. MA voters knew better.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016.@realdonaldtrump is a bully who has a single play in his playbook   offensive lies thrown at anyone who calls him out.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016.@realDonaldTrump spews insults and lies because he can t have an honest conversation about his dangerous vision for America.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016But here's the thing. You can beat a bully   not by tucking tail and running, but by holding your ground.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016If you think recycling Scott Brown's hate-filled attacks on my family is going to shut me up, @realDonaldTrump, think again buddy. Weak.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016The @GOP's hate-filled lies didn t scare me before, @realDonaldTrump. And they don't scare me now.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016The @GOP's hate-filled lies didn t scare me before, @realDonaldTrump. And they don't scare me now.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016.@realDonaldTrump lied his way through the primaries without being held accountable. That s over.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016Whatever @realDonaldTrump says, we won't shut up. We won't back down. This election is too important, & he won t step foot in White House.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) May 7, 2016The lesson to be learned here? Don t fuck with Elizabeth Warren. She s smarter than you, she s wittier than you, and she ll call you on your shit faster than you can say your own name.Good on you, Senator Warren. Never stop being you. Keep holding him to task and we will be standing right there with you.Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
6505, 78 Year Study BLOWS AWAY Republican Lies About Raising Wages,"It s been about seven years since minimum wage employees have gotten a raise, at least on the national level. Few workers would settle for that, but for some reason, giving minimum wage employees a boost would crash the economy   or at least that s what billionaire CEOs tell us. A new study, though, proves that raising the minimum wage doesn t hurt the economy at all.When conservatives talk about the minimum wage, it s always about  burger flippers  and about somehow, they aren t entitled to a living wage. They also like to compare minimum wage employees to the military, who also deserves a raise, but has many of their living expenses taken care of.The whole minimum wage thing is ridiculous, you shouldn t get paid $15 an hour to flip a burger. That doesn t take much skill.  Evan (@Evvaaannnn) May 5, 2016 @Allen33Devin @hannahc3rvantes if they raise minimum wage the next thing you know a burger at the same place will be like 8 bucks lol??  Joshua Jenkins (@j_j3rkins07) May 4, 2016Burger prices going up in Seattle-people will lose jobs. Supreme Court rejects challenge to Seattle minimum wage law https://t.co/b272KINMos  Sue C. (@Schairvo) May 3, 2016 Drones & insect like robots are gonna replace minimum wage jobs. Putting a burger together isn t complicated  Andy Cutright (@andycutright) May 1, 2016people want minimum wage to go up but these dropouts at burger king can t even understand the words  ketchup only  CR | FaZepod (@SpacepodPrime) May 1, 2016 Trying to get breakfast at a McDonald s AND Burger King this morning reminded me why the idea of a $15 minimum wage is an absolute joke.  Dennis Beaudo (@Bodowned) April 30, 2016Minimum wage is minimum wage. A burger flipper that burns burgers should not make more than an EMT that saves lives in the back of a truck.  Johnny Iceman (@TEbron35) April 26, 2016Republican politicians are slightly kinder in tone, but not much: Oftentimes when you have the federal government or others step in and start to raise minimum wage, what happens is you take away or reduce some people s opportunity to grab the bottom rung of the economic ladder to get the opportunities and the skills that you need to move up that economic ladder.    Kevin Madden on CNN s State of the Union When you raise the price of employment, guess what happens? You get less of it. Why do we want to make it harder for small employers to hire people?    John Boehner I think it is inflationary. I think it actually is counterproductive in many ways. You end up costing jobs from people who are at the bottom rung of the economic ladder.    Paul Ryan We re telling small-business owners that not only are we going to raise their costs by a buck and a quarter, but we re also going to raise it with these cost-of-living adjustments. Here s what s going to happen: They re going to have to lay people off.    Gov. Chris ChristieIt s easy to be smug and dismissive about the people who serve our fast food. Fast food isn t about people, or really even food. It s about jamming the most calories into our mouths in the shortest period of time.While food service accounts for a large portion of minimum wage workers, there are many other industries that also pay minimum wage and only about a quarter of the people making minimum wage are teenagers. Many are single white women, often single mothers. With the exception of some of the teens, every single minimum wage worker is struggling to pay their bills and Republicans reading this (and unfortunately, some Democrats) are still shrugging their shoulders. After all, the poor aren t really people, are they? Besides, cheap burgers and made in China Walmart clothes are far more important.Well, the National Employment Law Project just proved, through 78 years of research, that increasing the minimum wage does not increase prices. In fact, during that 78 year period, whenever the minimum wage was increased, employment increased 68 percent of the time.In those industries most affected by the minimum wage, employment increases were even more common: 73% of the time in the retail sector, 82% in low-wage leisure and hospitality. These basic economic indicators show no correlation between federal minimum-wage increases and lower employment levels,  the authors write.In fact, if anything, the data suggest that increases in the federal minimum appeared to encourage job growth and hiring.Perhaps even more striking, of the only eight times that total or industry-specific employment declined after a minimum-wage increase, the US economy was already in recession (five times), technically just emerging from recession (twice), or about to head into recession (once).Source: Business InsiderWe would have about 11 million more jobs today if Congress had allowed a minimum wage increase when President Obama began asking for one.Featured image via Kena Betancur at Getty Images. ",0
6506," FBI Turns Up No Evidence, Says Hillary Clinton Committed No Criminal Wrongdoing","Sorry Republicans, but your newest vast right-wing conspiracy against Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton has officially fallen flat. The newest rounds of interrogations began in the fruitless  Email Gate  against the former Secretary of State, and as expected, she has not been found to have engaged in any criminal wrongdoing or willful violation of the law.According to CNN:The interviews, we re told, are focused on whether classified information was mishandled, and the security of the server. So far officials tell us, no, there is no evidence of criminal wrongdoing at this point in the investigation, but, again, the investigation is not over.Yes, the investigation is not over, but it certainly isn t going anywhere. After poring though thousands of documents, countless interviews with aides including Clinton s personal assistant Huma Abedin, and immunity offers on the table:CNN has previously reported that another former Clinton employee, Bryan Pagliano, who helped set up the server has provided documents and other materials as well as interviews to the FBI, under an immunity agreement. FBI officials overseeing the probe now expect to complete their work in the next few weeks and then turn over the findings to the Justice Department, which will make a final decision on whether to bring charges against anyone.There still has not been a smoking gun. And like every other  scandal  in Clinton s life, there won t be. And considering that the Justice Department has been aiding the FBI in the investigation, and the FBI has turned up nothing, it s highly improbable the DOJ will.Even though it isn t over, CNN s Pamela Brown has word that it will be wrapping up soon, once a date to interview Hillary Clinton is scheduled and done in secret, as to not attract any unnecessary media scrutiny. However, due to Clinton s crunched campaign schedule, the FBI is having a hard time sitting the frontrunner down for said interview.Donald Trump and other Republicans (and even some left wing voters) are anxious to see Clinton go down for something as silly as emails. However, it isn t going t0 happen. Time to focus on the issues.Featured image Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
6507, Dick Cheney Just Did The Most Disgusting Thing Since Lying About WMDs In Iraq,"What could Dick Cheney, engineer of the wars that will go down in history as criminal at best, possibly do that is worse than lying to the American people about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in a fraudulent ploy to gain public support for a war we had no exit strategy for? Cheney told CNN Friday that he would be backing Donald Trump just like he would back anyone else who was on the Republican ticket.That s a stark difference of opinion from Cheney s old Oval Office Puppet, George W. Bush or his brother and daddy, all of whom have vowed not to support Trump in the general election and to skip his nomination at the convention this summer in Cleveland. Mittens Romney has also openly stated that he wouldn t support Donald Trump along with House Speaker Paul Ryan and a slew of other high-ranking establishment Republicans.So why is Cheney sticking around while the party goes about the business of trying to hand our nuclear codes to an idiot? Because he s done it already. In 2001, a complete moron walked into the White House, unqualified to order a sandwich, and somehow Dick Cheney gave him a legacy. Sure it s a legacy of poverty and despair; war and death. Financial collapse isn t such a bad way to end an administration, is it?Cheney knows full-well that Donald Trump, if elected, will be looking back at everyone who abandoned him and you can bet your bottom dollar that Dick Cheney will be listed as adviser in some capacity. That s the kind of West Wing we ll be looking at. Whoever will take the job will be the number one contender for almost every position of power. If you re looking for a career in politics that will come to an abrupt end in four years or less, take a spot in the Trump Administration. Not that it will really matter. The cabinet will fill up with people we ve never heard of to whom Donald Trump owes a special favor.One thing is certain: Cheney has definitely hit the low spot in his life if he s reduced to supporting The Donald.Featured image by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images",0
6508, Listen To Reaction Of U.S. Troops When David Letterman Suggests Obama/Biden Third Term,"While speaking in front of United States servicemembers at a recent USO event with both President Obama and Vice President Biden, David Letterman made a joke that many of us would really like to be a reality. He played off his age and said that his mind seemed to be playing tricks on him. He claimed that by listening to the two men speak, he thought the president and vice president were running for a third term.Letterman told the USO crowd: I don t know, sometimes the mind plays tricks on a person, especially when you get to be my age. I was listening to the president speak. I was listening to the vice president speak. And, for a split second, my mind said to me,  oh, that s nice, they re running again.' Which at first was received by laughter, and then uproarious applause and cheers.And while it s true that President Obama cannot run for a third term, if he could, he would likely win. History will be very kind to Obama as all of his accomplishments make him one of the greatest leaders in the history of the republic.Watch the clip here: USO Crowd Roars As David Letterman Jokes About  by DailyPoliticsFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6509, WATCH: President Obama Issues Warning About Trump Nomination And Every American Should Listen,"It s still hard to conceive that Donald Trump is the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party and, although in the past the GOP has produced bad candidates   like George W. Bush   capable of doing serious damage to the country, a Trump presidency could certainly finish the disastrous job Bush started.President Obama has tried to fix the damage Bush and the GOP caused America and he will be leaving with a stronger country than when he came into office. No one knows more than President Obama what had to be done to fix the economic, social, and political damage Bush caused the American people. No one knows more than President Obama that the most powerful and critical position in the world is no laughing matter. That s why the president s statement about Trumps  presumptive nomination came with a warning. The President said: I think it s important for us to take seriously the statements he s made in the past. But most importantly, and I speak to all of you in this room as reporters as well as the American public. I just want to emphasize the degree to which we are in serious times and this is a really serious job. Obama went on to add: This is not entertainment, this is not a reality show. This is a contest for the presidency of the United States. And what that means is that every candidate, every nominee needs to be subject to exacting standards and genuine scrutiny. While many in the media and the public have found Trump s antics entertaining, the joke will be on all of us if this man, who many never believed would get this far, becomes president. It s important that America goes out and votes this November. We can t go back to the Bush years of war and recession.Watch video here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALku3gpLnSw]Featured image via video screenshot.    ",0
6510, Moms With Transgender Kids Have A BRILLIANT Message For Anti-LGBT Conservatives (VIDEO),"Moms of transgender children have just sent every fearmongering transphobic conservative a message that is going to make them furious. In response to the massive amount of hatred and bigotry that has been thrown at the trans community over the last few months, these amazing mothers have given anti-LGBT bigots a brilliant   and sometimes heartbreaking   look at the people who are on the receiving end of the attacks.The video, entitled  Meet My Child , was created by the Trans United Fund for the many transgender adults and children who have been discriminated against and attacked by politicians in 20 states via initiatives like  bathroom bills  in North Carolina. These lawmakers have made it their personal mission to strip trans people of their basic human rights and have Attempted to advance over 50 pieces of legislation attacking transgender people. These policies are a real danger to transgender people and hurt the most vulnerable, including America s transgender children. Meet My Child features three mothers sharing amazing stories of acceptance and love, as well as the process their families when through when their child expressed that they were transgender. The moms in this video want every anti-trans person to know the full extent and consequences of the bigotry they re promoting, which often ends in violent attacks on transgender people. In one particularly emotional moment, a mother with a trans daughter can hardly hold back tears as she says, She s my heart and I don t want to lose her.  The film also leapt at the opportunity to blast conservatives like former Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz for spewing bigotry that puts these children in harm s way.You can watch the amazing message below: What these mothers have shown is exactly what brilliant parenting looks like. Conservatives claim to be so concerned about babies and family values, but only when families and children fit into their narrow-minded view of what a family unit  should  look like. These moms have done an incredible job showing the world what real love and support looks like, and the GOP could certainly learn a thing or two from them.Featured image via screenshot",0
6511," Michael Moore Tells Fox News The Only Way He’d Get ‘Behind’ Trump, And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO)","Now that the Republican choice for president is presumably Donald Trump, many are being asked who they ll support in the general election and if they could actually get behind a Trump presidency. So, when Megyn Kelly had documentary filmmaker Michael Moore on her show, she asked him just that.Kelly knew that Moore is a Bernie Sanders supporter and it s looking like Hillary Clinton will be the nominee. There have been some Sanders supporters who say they ll switch to Trump, because they can t support Hillary. These are the same people who would seemingly cut off their nose to spite their face. It s also the epitome of privilege, because these folks clearly have nothing to lose if Trump wins.Fortunately, Moore is not one of those people. When asked by Kelly,  Let s say it is Trump-Clinton. A guy who understands the working class, has made some films involving them, from Flint, Michigan. Could you get behind Donald Trump?  Moore sarcastically responds: Only to help push him somewhere. Then he stops short, and says: Wait a minute, he has Secret Service protection now, I shouldn t say that. And Kelly hilariously, and accurately responds: You d be the one getting pushed. Moore then says: I would push him to a more gentle place away from everybody. Clearly, Moore knows that we cannot have Trump as President of the United States. He also makes it clear that Trump is not who he makes himself out to be and is conning his conservative supporters just to get votes. Hopefully, more people follow Moore s lead and err on the side of making sure Trump never becomes president, instead of taking their ball and going home by declaring a moral victory by voting against Hillary if she is to become the nominee.Trump is a con artist and a crafty businessman who has built his career by manipulating people into giving him want he wants. Don t fall for it, America. Please.Watch Kelly interview Moore here, with the question regarding if he could support Trump beginning at the 4 minute mark:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAekxrKhFCgFeatured image via video screen capture",0
6512, Black Woman SHUTS DOWN Hundreds Of Marching Neo-Nazis With One Powerful Message (VIDEO/IMAGES),"Never underestimate the impact a single person can have. Just last weekend, one of the most powerful stands against racism we ve seen this year was performed by a lone black woman.Tess Asplund, who is a 42-year-old anti-racism activist in Sweden, took a courageous stand against hundreds of neo-Nazis from the far-right group Nordic Resistance Movement. As she saw the group of 300 white men marching down the street, Asplund protested by standing in front of the advancing group of men, looked them dead in the eyes and raised her fist in an act of defiance. The group pushed her out of the way, but not before the iconic moment was captured on camera. This photograph has now been shared around the world.Twitter#TessAsplund sfida i nazisti svedesi con un pugno chiuso. Immagine simbolo dell antifascismo. pic.twitter.com/vQ7X3nb4Sm  Antonio Sicilia (@siciliantonio) May 5, 2016Even famous author J.K. Rowling was inspired by Asplund s message.TwitterTwitterWhat Asplund did was more than courageous, and the impact of her protest was felt around the world. In an interview with the Guardian, Asplund shared what inspired her to take such bold action: It was an impulse. I was so angry, I just went out into the street. I was thinking: hell no, they can t march here! I had this adrenaline. No Nazi is going to march here, it s not okay. Although Asplund said she s been  overwhelmed  and  extremely embarrassed  by the amount of attention the photo has gotten, she hopes that it will inspire others. Asplund said: I have fought against racism for 26 years. I am 42 now. And if this is a thing that makes people pay attention to the fight against racism and xenophobia, then that s very good. But I don t want people to see me as a symbol. There were a lot of others who were there against the racists in Borlange. Because of all the attention the photo has gotten, Asplund reveals that her friends are concerned for her safety, but it is a small price to pay if it gets more people to stand up to racism and hate. Now it s a circus. I am in shock. The Nazis are very angry, so I am a little  Oh shit, maybe I shouldn t have done that, I want peace and quiet.  These guys are big and crazy. It s a mixed feeling, but I am trying to stay calm. If this picture of me can get more people to dare to show resistance, then it s all good. The people must unite and show that it is not okay that racism is becoming normalized and that fascists are running around on our streets. The image was captured by David Lagerlof, who happened to be the only photographer at the scene. Even he was incredibly moved by what Asplund did. He said: I happened to be at the right place. What I think people are reacting to in this photo is that she can t really pose a threat to them, but she puts herself in a very dangerous situation, because this group is violent, and she stands there all alone and faces them. It s like David and Goliath. Although this incident with the Nordic Resistance Movement happened it Sweden, it might not be too far from something that could happen in the United States. With the rise of presumptive Republican nominee Trump and his massive following of racists and white supremacists, we can only expect that the bigotry and hate is going to ramp up as we get closer to the general election. Asplund is an inspiration to all of us, and a brilliant reminder that we should never let hate win. One person can have a massive impact, so there is no excuse not to stand up to Trump s divisive rhetoric.Featured image via Twitter",0
