id,title,text,label
7299,The Pillow Cure - The New York Times,"My neck is killing me. Isn’t yours? My shoulder hurts, too. Not always the same one, but always in the morning. Herniated disks, spinal stenosis, bone spurs: It’s a mess in there. As for the shoulders, one gave out with a horrible popping noise in a yoga class a few years ago the cause of the other’s decay remains a (very dull) mystery. These were the afflictions that sent me pillow shopping last week, and for which, on one particularly frigid evening, Saroya   a sales associate at Hastens, the Swedish mattress company, prescribed what she called “a   pillow cocktail. ” Ms.   whose nickname is Soy, was not referring to the handful of Advil washed down with a Bud that would be my   palliative. It’s the relationship, she said, between my head, my bed and my pillow. I had come to Hastens first because it is the purveyor of the $100, 000 mattress, an artisanal object made from wool, horsetail hair, cotton and mohair. (Like condo sales topping $100 million, this number sets a benchmark for a certain kind of lunatic luxury purchase.) And I knew I would find a pillow there to elevate the whole category. For years, the standard pillow for those with neck issues has been a crudely formed foam number, which is about as sexy as the cervical collar that is its daytime mate. Orthopedic bedding is not a style you want to cleave to, at least not for any length of time. You can’t mask an orthopedic pillow in a   print from John Robshaw, and its    contours throw the armada of the “dressed bed” into disarray. Hastens Anatomical Pillow is an unlovely name for a pretty object. At least, it comes with a case made from the company’s signature    check. It is made of down and feathers, and shaped like a padded O, or a Leigh Bowery headdress (yes, I did stuff my head into it later). Inside the O is a pocket into which you slip a neck bolster, made from the same proportion  —   15 to 85 percent  —   of down to feathers. For side or back sleepers like me, the   of the pillow is designed to fit under your neck and support its natural curve. Ms.   had me unwrap myself from all my layers so she could see my neck, and led me gently to what she said was Hastens’s best seller, the 2000T ($38, 000). “This is a   bed,” she said, “that’s really great for side sleepers. ” Tucking the pillow under my head, she traced my spine from   to my hairline with her fingers to make sure it was straight. My shoulders unscrunched, my eyelids fluttered. Reader, I went home with a $330 pillow. • These are boom times for the luxury bedding business. Hastens has been expanding exponentially, having opened two new stores in Manhattan last year now there are four locations in the city where you can buy a mattress that costs more than your car, and another Hastens store is to open in two weeks in Greenwich, Conn. But entire fortunes are being made in pillows, too. Consider the success of the My Pillow founder, Michael J. Lindell, a   former cocaine addict and inventor whose    pillows, which sell for about $50, brought in more than $100 million in sales in 2012, according to The Star Tribune of Minneapolis. No doubt you’ve seen his infomercial. He, too, had neck issues. He, like you, would “  all night long like a guppy,” as he puts it, until he developed his patented pillow filler, a stew of interlocking foam chunks.’ ”There are a few data sets to roughly gauge the size of the market for a product that would address the   nexus. In 2012, according to a survey conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s National Center for Health Statistics, and made available by the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons last week, 14 percent of adult Americans said they had neck pain within a   period in 2010, another N. C. H. S. survey noted that there were more than 10 million visits to doctors’ offices for complaints related to neck pain.” ’As it turns out, said Dr. Robert Gotlin, director of orthopedic and sports rehabilitation at Mount Sinai Beth Israel, we are designed for failure. “The fact is, from age 25 on, this process of failure begins,” he continued cheerfully. “The analogy is this: You go to a bowling alley and you hold a bowling ball over your head, and what happens is your arms gets tired. Basically, your head is that   ball. And over time, two things happen: your muscles get sore and your disks wear out. Or you get arthritis. We’re all going to wind up with at least one of these conditions at the same time we are still holding up this   object. I, like you, would love to go to bed and wake up without feeling any pain. ” As far as pillows are concerned, he said: “The real answer is, there is no answer. Foam or any of these pillows with the divots, the cutout supports, these are marketing items that have their own research attached that supports their claims. The best advice is to just pick one that feels good. The pillow should basically be one that keeps your head over your shoulders. Rather than spend all this money on the fancy things, see what’s comfortable. That could be the cheapest one. ” • At the Clean Bedroom in Brooklyn Heights, which sells organic bedding (natural latex and     cotton sheets, for example, in beige tones) and   bedroom furniture like dressers made from sustainable maple from the parlor floor of a brownstone building, Luis Camejo was explaining the niceties of   pillows. He was trying to locate a   one for me. Grains are good for support, he said, and because millet is a smaller grain than buckwheat, it’s less noisy  —   less crunchy  —   if you move around when you sleep. But he was sold out of the millet, and so were his company’s six other stores. It turned out that the seamstress at Sachi Organics, which makes the pillows, had a pinched nerve and was a week behind on their orders. Now that’s kind of ironic. “I’m an English major,” Mr. Camejo said. “So I’m not sure of the correct meaning of irony. ” How does an English major get into the bedding business? “Craigslist,” he said, as he rang up a buckwheat pillow ($80) and a shredded organic rubber contour pillow covered in beige wool ($199). •   on Mercer Street, directly opposite Andre Balazs’s solemn, Jean   glass castle, is a Greek organic bedding store that sells mattresses made from layers of coconut fibers, seaweed, cotton, wool and natural rubber. You could probably eat them, if times were tough. The main precept here is a sort of D. I. Y. bed: mattresses and pillows are made from zippered pockets stuffed with plant materials you can add to or remove. I was put to bed with slippers, a glass of   orange juice and a hand towel that Alisha Hylton, director of sales for   North America, spread over the Sithon VIII pillow (names here are derived from Greek mythology).   makes 12 kinds of pillows in various architectural styles and fillings, and a computer program on an iPad helps you figure out the one for you. Ms. Hylton said she used to measure her customers’ necks and shoulder spans with a ruler until a small child broke it now she just eyeballs them. The Sithon VIII ($316) had a bolster and a central pouch filled with seaweed, rubber and eucalyptus leaves. It comes with a bottle of eucalyptus oil and squares of linen you dollop with oil, then stick in that central pouch. I wasn’t eager to sleep in a fog of eucalyptus  —   it was too medical an aroma for bed  —   so Ms. Hylton added another, plainer model, the Sithon I ($117). None of the bedding is returnable, but in Europe you can try  ’s beds and pillows free, said Mike Efmorfidis, the company’s chief executive officer, at a   stay at one of their hotels. “I can’t offer you that here,” he said. “But you can sign up to sleep in the suite downstairs. Though not right now, because it’s occupied. ” Someone is sleeping under us right now? “Ah, he’s up now, he just passed by,” Mr. Efmorfidis said. Siestas in the suite, Ms. Hylton added, come complete with pillows and fresh linens. Customers typically choose   or   sessions, she said. It is perhaps a sign of the times that you can now find a bed by the hour, and just sleep in it.",0
7300,"Striking it Rich! $300,000 Spanish Gold Coin Found in Child’s Toy Collection","Get short URL 0 23 0 0 An extremely rare Spanish gold coin from the eighteenth century, valued at around $300,000, has been discovered in a child’s “toy” pirate treasure collection. Big Mistake: Priceless Space Artifact Was Sold at US Government Auction An Essex resident was given the gold coin by a grandfather when he was a child, as part of a collection of “treasure” from around the world that he could play pirate with. “My granddad had travelled all over the world during his working life and had collected many coins from the various countries he had been,” the anonymous owner told the Telegraph . “He gave me bags of coins to play with throughout my early years because I was into pirate treasure.” 
As time went on, the coins ended up packed away, until his grandfather’s passing, when the man rediscovered them. He then passed the coins on to his own son to play pirate. 
“I looked back through the coins – remembering the stories I made up about them when I was small — and then gave them to my own son to play with and put into his own treasure box. My little boy has been playing with this coin as I did all those years ago.” 
Curious to see if it was worth anything, the man took it to experts to see if it had any value. It turns out that the coin was one of fewer than 15 in existence. 
The coin was made from treasure seized from Spanish ships in Vigo Bay, Spain, in 1702, which was later pressed into coins and delivered to Sir Isaac Newton at the Royal Mint. 
The Queen Anne 'Vigo' five-guinea gold coin is set to go to auction at Essex auctioneers Boningtons in November. ...",0
7301,Dem Sen Murphy: I Worry That Trump’s Rhetoric Could Lead to An Attack Like Manchester in the US - Breitbart,"During a discussion of the attack in Manchester on Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Senator Chris Murphy stated that “many of us are worried about some of the rhetoric of the Trump administration, because we worry that that combined with robust online recruitment might end up in an attack like this happening in the United States. ”  Murphy said that while there has been military success against ISIS in the Middle East, they’re still “lethal” and the approach to ISIS has to be “comprehensive” and can’t just be about the military. He continued, “The fact of the matter is, in many countries in Europe, England included, Muslims suffer a   segregation, which sometimes allows for these perversions of Islam, this radicalization, to take root, and we have to make sure that we don’t allow that to happen here. ” Murphy further stated, “[W]e have got to compliment this military strategy with increased intelligence, increased intelligence sharing with Europe, and a commitment to try to stop giving isis recruiters recruitment fodder. And so, many of us are worried about some of the rhetoric of the Trump administration, because we worry that that combined with robust online recruitment might end up in an attack like this happening in the United States. ” Murphy concluded that because only one terrorist with a bomb strapped to them can create large amounts destruction, “we can never be 100% protected as a country, and, you know, we do need to remember here in the United States that there have only been on average a couple of people a year who are killed in terrorist attacks. You are much more likely, in this country, over the last ten years, to have been killed by a falling object than you are by terrorism. So, I think we want to   the threat here in the United States, while recognizing that we all need to step up our efforts to make sure that something like that doesn’t happen here. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
7302,"U.C.L.A. Shooting Was Murder-Suicide, Police Say - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Two men were killed in a shooting at the University of California, Los Angeles on Wednesday, prompting thousands of frightened students and staff members to hunker down or run for shelter as the police went door to door searching for the gunman or other victims. After a lockdown that lasted throughout the morning, the Los Angeles police said that the gunman was among the dead, and declared the campus safe. “A homicide and a suicide occurred,” Charlie Beck, the Los Angeles police chief, said. “It appears it is entirely contained. We believe there are no suspects outstanding and no continuing threat to U. C. L. A.’s campus. ” A gun was found at the scene, and Chief Beck said, “There is evidence there that could be a suicide note. ” The shooting victim was William S. Klug, an associate professor in U. C. L. A.’s Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Department, said Alan Garfinkel, a professor of integrative biology and physiology who worked closely with Mr. Klug for the past five years. Mr. Garfinkel, who was attending a meeting in a nearby building when the shooting occurred, said he had been informed of Mr. Klug’s death by Los Angeles and campus police officers. “He was an extremely sweet and kind person,” Mr. Garfinkel said. “It’s so   that this happened to him of all people. ” He described Mr. Klug as a devout Christian, adding that the two would often have debates in front of students about ethics and religion. The shooting took place about 10 a. m. inside a small office in the Engineering IV building, officials said. There were hundreds of people in the building at the time. The campus was placed on lockdown, with text message and email alerts sent out to students and employees telling them to shelter in place or, if they were in the open, to find shelter. It was not until more than two hours later that the authorities declared the situation was resolved and officials began to lift the lockdown. Earlier, police officers went building by building, escorting groups of people out who had their hands raised. The people then knelt on the ground as officers searched their backpacks and purses for weapons. Melanie Beecher, a   student, said she had reached her philosophy class shortly after receiving the first alert. “Immediately we barricaded the doors, blocked openings with trash cans, turned off the lights and pulled down the blinds,” she said. Ms. Beecher added that she had called friends who had not yet arrived, telling them to stay in their dormitories. “We have been getting frequent alerts and have been able to live stream the news,” she said. The lockdown meant that any student who left a dorm room was unable to   it, even with a key. “Our R. A. has instructed us to stay in our rooms no matter what,” said Izzy Gardner, a   student who spent the time in her room. “There are tons of rumors going around, and it’s hard to determine what is true and isn’t true. People are pretty shaken up. ” Ceci Falktoft, another   student, was walking to a meeting with a professor when she saw people running, she said. Without knowing why, she ran, too, learning about the shooting after she asked others what was happening. Ms. Falktoft ran to Powell Library, where staff members handed out snacks to the many people hiding or studying there and told them they could not leave. All classes and   activities were canceled for the rest of the day Wednesday. But Scott Waugh, U. C. L. A’s executive vice chancellor, said he wanted to resume normal routines as quickly as possible, especially because this is a crucial time of year for many students, with finals coming up, followed shortly thereafter by commencement. Classes will resume on Thursday, he said, and professional counselors would be available on campus. The Los Angeles police, the university police, the F. B. I. and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives responded to the incident. Hundreds of law enforcement officers scoured the building where the shooting occurred and surrounding buildings.",0
7303,Trump Reversals Hint at Wall Street Wing’s Sway in White House - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump made three startling economic policy reversals on Wednesday, stepping away from pledges he made as a candidate and even policies he supported only days ago. The shifts confounded many of Mr. Trump’s supporters and suggested that the moderate financiers he brought from Wall Street are eclipsing the White House populist wing led by Stephen K. Bannon, the political strategist who is increasingly being sidelined by the president. In a series of interviews, Mr. Trump said he no longer wanted to label China a currency manipulator  —   a week after telling The Financial Times that the Chinese were the “world champions” of currency manipulation. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, the president said he no longer wanted to eliminate the   Bank. And he said that he might consider reappointing Janet Yellen as chairwoman of the Federal Reserve when her term ends next year. Yet before the election, he regularly denounced China and said that Ms. Yellen should be “ashamed” of herself because of what he said was her political bias. Mr. Trump’s latest pronouncements suggest he is moving toward a more mainstream economic approach, although on other issues that he discussed on Wednesday, like a tax overhaul and health care, his policy and strategy appeared muddled. Mr. Trump asserted in a Twitter post on Wednesday night that his agenda remained on track. “One by one, we are keeping our promises  —   on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening. ” Mr. Trump began the day with an interview with Fox Business Network in which he backed away from the     tax favored by Speaker Paul D. Ryan and House Republicans. He also backtracked on his claim last month that he was moving on from his plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act to focus on taxes. Now he is again putting health care first. In an interview published by The Journal midday, Mr. Trump revealed his softer approach to China  —   the   coming less than a week after meeting with China’s president, Xi Jinping  —   and made another reversal on health care. He said that the government would not continue to pay subsidies to health insurers under Obamacare only days after the administration said it would. Mr. Trump said the threat to withhold subsidies was a way to force Democrats to negotiate with him over the future of the Affordable Care Act. In the Journal interview, Mr. Trump said that “Democrats will start calling me and negotiating” because they want to avoid any interruption of the “ ” subsidies, which reduce    costs for seven million   people. On Monday, the Department of Health and Human Services had issued a statement saying that “the   subsidies will be funded” while a federal appeals court weighed the legality of the payments. Mr. Trump’s remarks coincided with a letter in which doctors, hospitals, insurance companies and employers pleaded with him and with Congress to help stabilize insurance markets by authorizing a continuation of the subsidies. “Time is short and action is needed,” said the letter, sent Wednesday by eight groups including the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, America’s Health Insurance Plans, the American Medical Association and the American Hospital Association. The president’s comments on Wednesday recalled his reaction when Republican leaders pulled a bill to repeal President Barack Obama’s health care law from the House floor last month. Mr. Trump predicted then that “Democrats will come to us” in an effort to save the law, which he said was imploding. They did not. To make the muddy waters even murkier, Mr. Trump took his plans to rewrite the tax code into uncharted territory when he threw cold water on the border adjustment tax that is the linchpin of the tax reform plan. After months of waffling on that tax, he instead called for a new “reciprocal tax” that appears to be a different kind of levy on imports. “I don’t like the word adjustment because our country gets taken advantage of, to use a nice term, by every other country in the world,” Mr. Trump said in the Fox Business interview. “So when I hear border adjustment, adjustment means we lose. ” He added: “I love the idea of reciprocal. You can call it a reciprocal or a matching tax or a mirror tax. ” The notion left tax experts scratching their heads. “I’m genuinely confused,” said Itai Grinberg, a tax expert at Georgetown University’s law school. “If one imposes a tax that varies based on the country of origin of the good or service, then what one may in substance have is something akin to a   tariff regime. ” What is clear is that all of the uncertainty surrounding the White House’s economic plans is causing frustration among some of Mr. Trump’s supporters, including those who helped get him elected. Larry Kudlow, the economist who advised Mr. Trump when he was a candidate, panned Mr. Trump’s reciprocal tax idea as a nonsensical approach that would essentially raise taxes. He suggested that the scattershot approach to economic policy coming from the White House was probably because of poor leadership at the National Economic Council, which is led by Gary Cohn, and the diminished role of the Treasury Department, which is steered by Secretary Steven Mnuchin. “It’s complete chaos,” Mr. Kudlow said. “It sows confusion, and people lose confidence. The process is broken. ” Last Friday, Mr. Trump named Kevin Hassett, a conservative   economist, to lead his Council of Economic Advisers. Ardent supporters worried it was an abandonment of the tough stance he took on the issue during the campaign. Mr. Trump shared few details about how a reciprocal tax would work. It is unclear if, in his thinking, the United States would match tariffs that countries levy on certain American products against other products that those countries produce or if he wants to effectively have a   tax with different rates for goods and services from each country. Either way, economists warned that economic effects could be calamitous. “Any economist will tell you that tariffs are often, if not always, ” said Michael J. Graetz, a tax law professor at Columbia University. “It doesn’t appear to be a sound idea as a matter of tax policy. ” Howard Gleckman, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center, said, “It looks like Trump is not happy with the border adjustment tax idea for whatever reason and he’s looking for an alternative. ” With more changes apparently in store, Mr. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, added an additional major reversal on his behalf: He said on CNBC on Wednesday that the president’s campaign promise to eliminate the national debt was “hyperbole. ”",0
7304,Arab Media Report: Abbas Admitted Trump was ‘Enraged’ Over anti-Israel Incitement,"The Times of Israel reports: Following insistent Palestinian denials that US President Donald Trump shouted at Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas about Palestinian incitement against Israel during their meeting last week, Abbas has conceded  —   in Arabic  —   that the story is true, according to a report by the   Qatari news site    . [Channel 2 News reported earlier this week that during their talks in Bethlehem last week, Trump yelled at Abbas and accused him of direct involvement in incitement against Israel. “You tricked me in DC! You talked there about your commitment to peace, but the Israelis showed me your involvement in incitement,” Trump was said to have shouted at a shocked Abbas.  The TV report said the outburst was followed by several minutes of stunned silence from the Palestinians, and that the meeting was very tense before the two sides managed to get back on track. Read more here.",0
7305,U.S. Commando Killed in Yemen in Trump’s First Counterterrorism Operation - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   One American commando was killed and three others were wounded in a fierce firefight early Sunday with Qaeda militants in central Yemen, the military said on Sunday. It was the first counterterrorism operation authorized by President Trump since he took office, and the commando was the first United States service member to die in the yearslong shadow war against Al Qaeda’s Yemen affiliate. Members of the Navy’s SEAL Team 6 carried out the surprise dawn attack, and the military said that about 14 Qaeda fighters were killed during a nearly hourlong battle. A Qaeda leader  —   a    of Anwar   the   cleric and top Qaeda leader in Yemen, who died in a drone strike in 2011  —   was believed to have been killed. After initially denying that there were any civilian casualties, American officials said they were assessing reports that women and children had died in the attack. The military’s Joint Special Operations Command had been planning the mission for months, according to three senior American officials. Obama administration aides had deliberated extensively over the proposed operation, weighing the value of any information that might be recovered against the risk to the Special Operations forces plunging into hostile territory. But administration officials ultimately opted to hand the decision on the mission to their successors. Mr. Trump, who has vowed to increase pressure on militant groups worldwide, was quickly persuaded that the rewards were worth the gamble, and he authorized the mission last week, military officials said. Commandos waited for a moonless evening on Saturday to exploit their advantage of fighting at night. As helicopter gunships and armed Reaper drones provided cover, the commandos carried out the attack against the home of the Qaeda leader in the rugged mountainous region of Bayda Province, a part of Yemen that has been a focal point of United States military operations over the past month. The main target was computer materials inside the house that could contain clues about future terrorist plots. In a statement on Sunday, Mr. Trump called the raid “successful” and said that it had captured “important intelligence that will assist the U. S. in preventing terrorism against its citizens and people around the world. ” He also lamented the loss of the American service member “in our fight against the evil of radical Islamic terrorism. ” The military’s Central Command said in an earlier statement on Sunday that “similar operations have produced intelligence on Al Qaeda logistics, recruiting and financing efforts. ” In previous raids in Iraq, Syria and Somalia, commandos have recovered laptop computers, thumb drives and cellphones that yielded important information about militant leaders’ locations, activities and associates. A United States military aircraft helping with the operation experienced a “hard landing” near the site of the raid, resulting in injuries to two other service members, military officials said. That aircraft, identified by a senior American official as an Osprey that was evacuating the troops wounded in the firefight, was unable to fly after the landing and was deliberately destroyed by American airstrikes. The wounded troops and the Osprey’s crew were lifted to safety by another American aircraft. American officials and analysts said the Qaeda leader who was believed to have been killed was Abdulrauf al Dhahab. The raid took place in Yemen around the time that Mr. Trump was signing a directive in Washington on Saturday afternoon ordering Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to devise within 30 days a more aggressive plan to defeat the Islamic State. The Islamic State was born from Al Qaeda’s branch in Iraq, but the two terrorist organizations are now sworn rivals not only in Iraq and Syria, but also in other hot spots like Yemen and Afghanistan, where both groups have affiliates. Because Mr. Trump had been explicit about his intention to ask for the review to accelerate the fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, American military planners had begun drafting classified options to present to the new commander in chief. Some of those options, like pushing more authority to conduct strikes to commanders in the field or loosening restrictions designed to limit the risk to civilians, could also be applied to attacks against Qaeda fighters and Islamic State insurgents. There were no immediate indications that the rules of engagement had been loosened for the mission in Yemen, military officials said. The Central Command’s statement did not elaborate on details of the raid or identify the commando who was killed. A local resident who witnessed the raid, speaking by phone, said he had seen warplanes bombing several houses in the village around 2 a. m. Sunday. The man said he had seen at least three buildings being struck before he fled. He did not want to be identified because he feared that speaking out would endanger his life. A Yemeni government official in Bayda Province said the targeted buildings belonged to the Dhahab family, which is known for its ties to Al Qaeda. Two male members of the family have been killed in drone strikes over the past two years. The Yemeni official said that at least eight women and seven children, ages 3 to 13, had been killed in the raid. Qaeda supporters said that Mr. Awlaki’s young daughter was among the dead and denied that any senior Qaeda leaders had been killed, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist communications. Faisal Mohamed, a Bayda official whose two sons witnessed the attack, said it severely damaged a school, a health facility and a mosque. “I was on the way back to town when they called and said that there were Americans everywhere, so I knew I should not go,” Mr. Mohamed said by phone from nearby Marib Province. “My kids told me that the sky was crowded with helicopters and that they saw people jumping out of planes. ” “The last thing they said to me was that the whole town is devastated now,” Mr. Mohamed said. Just over a week ago, United States drone strikes killed three other men suspected of being Qaeda operatives in Bayda Province, the first such killings reported in the country since Mr. Trump assumed the presidency. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the group’s branch in Yemen, has long been seen by American intelligence and counterterrorism officials as among the most dangerous branches of the global terrorist network, and the one posing the most immediate threat to United States territory. The group’s leaders have sought in at least three cases to detonate bombs hidden aboard American commercial jetliners. All of those plots were thwarted. The raid on Saturday night was the latest in a series of Special Operations drone strikes and ground attacks in Yemen in recent years. In November 2014,   Special Operations commandos and Yemeni troops rescued eight hostages being held in a remote part of eastern Yemen by Al Qaeda’s affiliate there. After landing, the commandos hiked some distance in the dark to a mountainside cave, where they surprised the militants holding the captives. A month later, in December 2014, United States commandos stormed a village in southern Yemen in an effort to free an American photojournalist held hostage by Al Qaeda. But the raid ended in tragedy, with the kidnappers killing the journalist and a South African held with him.",0
7306,"EFL Cup: Liverpool beat Tottenham, reach quarters","News Bulletin Liverpool's English striker Daniel Sturridge (C) applauds supporters at the final whistle during the EFL (English Football League) Cup fourth round match between Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield in Liverpool north west England on October 25, 2016. (AFP) 
Liverpool have progressed into the quarterfinals of the EFL Cup by defeating Tottenham 2-1 at Anfield, with the help of a double by Daniel Sturridge. 
The Reds just couldn’t have asked for a better start on Tuesday, as they grabbed the lead just 9 minutes into the match, through Daniel Sturridge. 
The 27-year-old striker, then doubled Liverpool’s advantage after the break, by converting a one-on-one opportunity in the 64th minute. 
Spurs, however, managed to pull one back in the 76th minute when Vincent Janssen converted a penalty, but that was as close as they got, as Liverpool made it to the last eight and stayed on course to lift the trophy for a 9th time in their history.",0
7307,"Having Won, Some ‘Brexit’ Campaigners Begin Backpedaling - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Freed from the shackles of the European Union, Britain’s economy would prosper and its security would increase. Britain would “take back control” of immigration, reducing the number of arrivals. And it would be able to spend about 350 million pounds, or about $470 million, a week more on health care instead of sending the money to Brussels. Before Thursday’s referendum on the country’s membership in the   bloc, campaigners for British withdrawal, known as Brexit, tossed out promises of a better future while dismissing concerns raised by a host of scholars and experts as “Project Fear. ” But that was before they won. With financial markets in turmoil, a big drop in the pound and the prospect of further chaos, some supporters of Brexit are backpedaling on bold pronouncements they made just a few days earlier. “A lot of things were said in advance of this referendum that we might want to think about again,” Liam Fox, a former cabinet minister, told the BBC, including when and how Article 50  —   the formal process for leaving the European Union  —   should be invoked. Perhaps no promise was more audacious  —   and mendacious, critics say  —   than the £    claim. Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London who was the frontman of the Brexit campaign, toured Britain in a bus emblazoned with the slogan: “We send the E. U. £350 million a week, let’s fund our N. H. S. instead,” a reference to the country’s widely revered National Health Service. Hours after proclaiming “independence day” for Britain, Nigel Farage, the leader of the fiercely   U. K. Independence Party, conceded that the £350 million figure was a “mistake. ” Asked by the BBC on Sunday about the spending pledge, Iain Duncan Smith, a former Conservative Party leader who campaigned for Brexit, said the Leave side had merely promised “to spend the lion’s share of that money” on the health service. The shift was perhaps unsurprising, since the £350 million “independence dividend” never stood up to scrutiny. It excluded money returned to Britain through rebates and money that Britain spent to subsidize its farmers and poorer regions, according to the respected Institute for Fiscal Studies. The institute put the true figure at about £150 million. Supporters of the “Remain” side have angrily attributed the victory for “Leave” to a campaign of misinformation and even deception. In Cornwall, in the southwest corner of England, where a majority voted to leave, the leader of the county council, John Pollard, demanded that the government provide “investment equal to that provided by the E. U. program. ” (The county has gotten about $1. 3 billion in European Union assistance over the past 15 years, and was counting on about $550 million more by 2020.) A Financial Times chart showing that the Leave vote was strongest in the parts of Britain that are the most economically dependent on the European Union was widely circulated online. Promises to quickly reduce immigration levels are also being played down. Migration was the cornerstone of the Leave campaign, which objected to the European Union’s insistence on the free movement of labor, capital, goods and services. Since 2004, when 10 more countries joined the European Union, large numbers of eastern and southern Europeans have moved to Britain for work. Mr. Johnson argued that it was impossible for the government to reduce immigration while in the European Union. His ally Michael Gove, the justice secretary, said a leave vote would “bring down the numbers” by 2020. Experts have long said that would be very hard to pull off. The European Union has demanded from nonmember states  —   Norway, for example  —   free movement of workers in exchange for access to the bloc’s single market. On Friday, the day after the referendum, Daniel Hannan, a member of the European Parliament and one of the most knowledgeable advocates of Brexit, stunned some viewers of the BBC by saying: “Frankly, if people watching think that they have voted and there is now going to be zero immigration from the E. U. they are going to be disappointed. ” Mr. Hannan wrote on Twitter, “I was for more control, not for minimal immigration. ” Facing a backlash, he observed that a lot of Remain voters “are now raging at me because I *don’t* want to cut immigration sharply,” adding, “There really is no pleasing some people. ” He then announced that he would “take a month off Twitter. ” Mr. Farage took the most   position on immigration, unveiling a poster depicting a long stream of refugees under the headline “Breaking Point” and raising the prospect of Turkey’s joining the European Union (even though any of the 28 member states has veto power over accepting new members). Many Brexit campaigners expected to lose  —   even Mr. Farage said on the night of the referendum that he did not think his side had won  —   and for some the fight was as much about internal Conservative Party politics as the future of the country. Having now ousted Prime Minister David Cameron, they face a political vacuum, with their base demanding that promises be kept. Mr. Johnson, the   to replace Mr. Cameron, has not made any further pronouncements since a subdued statement on Friday that was restricted to generalities. If he does become prime minister, Mr. Johnson will face the task of carrying out a British withdrawal without provoking a backlash from those who believed campaign slogans or sentiments that he certainly appeared to endorse. “In voting to leave the E. U. it is vital to stress that there is now no need for haste,” Mr. Johnson told reporters. Standing alongside him, Mr. Gove promised, “We can have democratic consent for an immigration policy that is fairer and more humane. ” He did not explain how.",0
7308,‘We are losing control of the streets’ Merkel’s Germany descends into lawlessness,"By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 Siobhan McFadyen — The Daily Express Nov 1, 2016 Merkel faces mounting criticism in Germany over the migrant debacle. Click to enlarge 
During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. 
And Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. 
Adding to the country’s woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling there on invitation from Angela Merkel. 
Germany took in more than 1.1million migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. 
Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year’s elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. 
According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute, local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. 
The report states: “The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiralling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. 
“During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. 
“Thousands of migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers’ or ‘refugees’ have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretences. 
“Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.” 
According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behaviour, says the report. Migrants outside the Berlin office of Health and Social Affairs. Click to enlarge 
He said: “They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. 
“They have no respect for us.” 
Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a “joke.” 
In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: “For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. 
“When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims 
“There is the body language, and insults like ‘s*** cop’ when passing by. 
“If we make a traffic stop, the aggression increases ever further, this is overwhelmingly the case with migrants. 
“It cannot be that offenders continue to fill the police files, hurt us physically, insult us, whatever, and there are no consequences. 
“Many cases are closed or offenders are released on probation or whatever. 
“Yes, what is happening in the courts today is a joke.” 
Migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015, according to a confidential police report leaked to Bild. 
This figure represents an 80 per cent increase since 2014 and is equivalent to 570 crimes committed by migrants every day, or 23 crimes each hour, in 2015 alone. 
The report added: “The growing sense of lawlessness is substantiated by an October 24 YouGov poll which found that 68 per cent of Germans believe that security in the country has deteriorated during the past several years. 
“Nearly 70 per cent of respondents said they fear for their lives and property in German train stations and subways, while 63 per cent feel unsafe at large public events.”",0
7309,Sarah Palin Considering Suing New York Times for Libel - Breitbart,"Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is considering suing the New York Times for libel after the Times published a Wednesday editorial falsely accusing her of inciting Jared Lee Loughner to shoot Rep. Gabby Giffords in 2011 even though it has long been established that there has never been any evidence whatsoever linking Palin to the attempted assassination.  Palin tweeted that a journalist suggested to her on Thursday that the Times “has fulfilled the two criteria for libeling a public figure” —  a reckless disregard for the truth and malice. She said she is “talking to attorneys this AM and exploring options. ” ( ) @nytopinion  —   commonsense suggestion by a journalist, am talking to attorneys this AM and exploring options. BTW, wonder.. pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Palin (@SarahPalinUSA) June 15, 2017,  ( )   …    WHY someone would no longer be in public eye? Think constant libel  slander have anything to do with it?   —   Sarah Palin (@SarahPalinUSA) June 15, 2017,  After James T. Hodgkinson, who supported Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and hated President Donald Trump and Republicans, shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and targeted other Republicans as they were practicing for their Congressional baseball game, the Times decided to publish an editorial on Wednesday in which it falsely blamed Palin for the assassination attempt on Giffords: Was this attack evidence of how vicious American politics has become? Probably. In 2011, when Jared Lee Loughner opened fire in a supermarket parking lot, grievously wounding Representative Gabby Giffords and killing six people, including a    girl, the link to political incitement was clear. Before the shooting, Sarah Palin’s political action committee circulated a map of targeted electoral districts that put Ms. Giffords and 19 other Democrats under stylized cross hairs. In addition, despite plenty of evidence to the contrary (Hodgkinson asked at least two Representatives whether the players on the baseball diamond were Republicans or Democrats before he started shooting) the Times added that “there’s no sign of incitement as direct as in the Giffords attack” As Breitbart    Joel Pollak pointed out, “the Times‘ false equivalence between the two shootings provides a sick excuse for what Hodgkinson did by making it appear to be partially Republicans’ fault. That is worse than ‘fake news.’ It is an effort to exploit a horrific act of violence for the purpose of stoking political divisions, reinforcing the hysteria in which Hodgkinson was steeped. ” Palin linked to Pollak’s article in a Facebook post and slammed the Times‘ “sickening editorial” that attempted to “destroy innocent people with more lies and more fake news” to advance the Times‘ preferred narrative at all costs, facts be damned: With this sickening NYT’s editorial, the media is doing exactly what I said yesterday should not be done. Despite commenting as graciously as I could on media coverage of yesterday’s shooting, alas, today a perversely biased media’s   blame game is attempting to destroy innocent people with lies and more fake news. As I said yesterday, I’d hoped the media had collectively matured since the last attack on a Representative when media coverage spewed blatant lies about who was to blame. There’s been no improvement. The NYT has gotten worse.  —   SP, As Breitbart News has extensively reported, hours after Giffords was shot on January 8, 2011, outlets like CNN immediately tried to implicate Palin. It turned out that Loughner, the murderer who killed six people and shot 18, did not have any political leanings whatsoever. He actually spoke to Giffords at a town hall event years before and may have been upset that Giffords brushed off his question with a  . In any event, authorities definitively concluded that Loughner was “in no way influenced by Tea Partiers, conservative media, or Palin. ” After the Giffords shooting, Zach Osler, Loughner’s friend, told ABC that Loughner was apolitical and did not even watch television. “He disliked the news. He didn’t listen to political radio. He didn’t take sides. He wasn’t on the left. He wasn’t on the right,” Osler added. Another friend, Bryce Tierney, told   Mother Jones that Loughner was not political. As the   outlet noted: Tierney notes that Loughner did not display any specific political or ideological bent: “It wasn’t like he was in a certain party or went to rallies  …    It’s not like he’d go on political rants. The Times‘ editorial was so outrageous and egregious that even mainstream media journalists, some of Palin’s most vicious haters on the right, and those on the left like Chris Hayes agreed that the Times had to issue a correction. Yep. If editorial board has any intellectual honesty they’ll issue a correction for the    claim. https:  .   —   Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) June 15, 2017,  On Thursday morning, the Times finally issued a correction that read: “An earlier version of this editorial incorrectly stated that a link existed between political incitement and the 2011 shooting of Representative Gabby Giffords. In fact, no such link was established. ”  ",0
7310,Preet Bharara Links Firing to Trump Team’s ‘Helter-Skelter Incompetence’ - The New York Times,"Nearly a month after he was fired by the Trump administration, Preet Bharara, the former United States attorney in Manhattan, remains mystified by the circumstances of his ouster, saying he had never been told why President Trump changed his mind about wanting him to stay on. In his first interview since he was forced out, Mr. Bharara said this week that his firing was part and parcel of what he characterized as the chaos that has defined some of the administration’s decisions. He called it “a direct example of the kind of uncertain   incompetence, when it comes to personnel decisions and executive actions, that was in people’s minds when this     call for everyone’s resignation letter came. ” Mr. Bharara also disclosed that Mr. Trump, after having asked him to remain in his post, telephoned him three times, raising concern among Mr. Bharara and his aides that such calls could run afoul of strict Justice Department protocols governing communications with the White House. Mr. Bharara, an appointee of President Barack Obama, was among 46 United States attorneys who were asked on March 10 to submit their resignations. The directive was not especially unusual all presidents choose their own candidates for United States attorney positions, and invariably ask holdover prosecutors to leave. But Mr. Bharara’s inclusion in the request came as a surprise, since he had been asked on Nov. 30 by Mr. Trump, the   at the time, to remain in his post. Speculating about the reasons for Mr. Bharara’s firing became a kind of parlor game for a time in some legal circles, with questions about whether the president may have been trying to block investigations focused on his friends and associates. Those inquiries include one into the way Fox News handled payments related to sexual harassment accusations under Roger Ailes, its former chairman, and another focused on stock trades by Tom Price, Mr. Trump’s secretary of health and human services. A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on why Mr. Bharara was among those dismissed despite Mr. Trump’s earlier request that he stay. In his seven years as the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, Mr. Bharara established a reputation for prosecuting public corruption cases and for investigating insider trading. He declined to discuss the office’s current investigations, but he said he did not know whether his firing was related to any particular case. Still, he expressed some disbelief over how his removal was handled. When a top Justice Department official called him on March 10 to ask for his resignation, Mr. Bharara said he thought it was a mistake. He said it took nearly 24 hours before Justice Department officials could finally tell him whether the president actually wanted him fired. “Literally, no one was giving us an answer to that question,” Mr. Bharara said. Mr. Bharara spoke to The New York Times on Monday, his first day as a distinguished scholar in residence at New York University School of Law. On Thursday night, he is to deliver a lecture at The Cooper Union in Manhattan. He said he was uncertain about his plans, but reiterated that he had no interest in seeking public office. He has had some time to contemplate life after being a prosecutor in the interview, he said he initially expected that, like all United States attorneys, he would be asked to resign once Mr. Trump took office, a request that he said would have been “perfectly appropriate. ” His expectations began to change on Nov. 16, when he said he received a call from Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, for whom he had once worked as chief counsel and who had recommended him to Mr. Obama for the United States attorney post. Mr. Schumer told Mr. Bharara he had gotten a call from Mr. Trump during which the   said he wanted Mr. Bharara to stay on. That led to a meeting on Nov. 30, on the 26th floor at Trump Tower. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    and Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, were waiting, Mr. Bharara said. When Mr. Trump entered the room 10 to 15 minutes later, Mr. Bharara recalled, he quipped, “This guy gets better press than me. ” Mr. Trump said he had read for years about the office’s work under Mr. Bharara, and praised its accomplishments. Mr. Bharara said he spoke briefly about his office, emphasizing that it prized its independence, and that he presumed that was why Mr. Trump wanted him to stay. He would be honored, he said he told Mr. Trump, to continue in the job. At the meeting, Mr. Bharara said, Mr. Trump asked for his phone numbers, a request that Mr. Bharara found unusual. He nonetheless scribbled them down on a yellow sticky note, which he left on Mr. Trump’s desk. As the meeting ended, Mr. Bharara said that Mr. Trump told him to tell reporters in the lobby about the decision. Mr. Bharara said he had gone over what he planned to say in the lobby with Mr. Kushner and Mr. Bannon, and that both had given their assent. Mr. Bharara said Mr. Bannon had also asked that he call Jeff Sessions, at the time a Republican senator from Alabama whom Mr. Trump had picked as his nominee for attorney general. Standing at the elevator bank before going downstairs, Mr. Bharara said he had called Mr. Sessions and had an “equally positive and enthusiastic” conversation. Soon, Mr. Bharara was downstairs addressing reporters, telling them that Mr. Trump had asked him to stay on and that he had agreed to do so. About two weeks later, Mr. Bharara said he received a message that Mr. Trump had called. Mr. Bharara said he consulted with senior aides, including his deputy, Joon H. Kim, and that they had concluded there was no ethical problem with returning the call because Mr. Trump was not yet president. “The consensus was that I can return the call,” he said, “and just to be certain that we don’t talk about any case. ” During the brief conversation, Mr. Trump raised no problematic topics and said he was just “checking in,” Mr. Bharara recalled. The   asked if he had spoken with Mr. Sessions, and Mr. Bharara said he had. Mr. Trump seemed pleased. Afterward, Mr. Bharara said he called Brian Benczkowski, who led the Justice Department transition team, to inform him of the call. On Jan. 18, two days before Mr. Trump’s inauguration, Mr. Bharara learned that he had called again. Mr. Bharara said he spoke to his senior aides and later advised Mr. Benczkowski. This conversation was also brief and innocuous, Mr. Bharara said, adding that Mr. Trump mentioned that he was working on his inaugural address and that his theme would be unity. The timing of a third call, on March 9, might suggest that Mr. Trump was reaching out to Mr. Bharara before the request for the mass resignations became public. But the actual purpose of the call was unclear Mr. Bharara did not return it. He said he had consulted with Mr. Kim again and that they had reviewed two memos, issued by the Justice Department in 2007 and 2009, related to communications with the White House. He concluded that prudence as well as the written policy counseled against his speaking directly to the president. “I do not think it is wise for a sitting president to try cultivating a personal telephonic relationship with a sitting U. S. attorney, especially one with a certain jurisdiction,” he said, an apparent reference to Trump Tower’s location within the Southern District. That evening, Mr. Bharara said, he spoke with Mr. Sessions’s chief of staff, Jody Hunt, and suggested that Mr. Sessions might want to counsel the president about contacting a sitting United States attorney directly. Mr. Bharara said he had seen firsthand what could happen when the Justice Department became politicized. As a Senate staff member, he had helped to lead the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation into the firings of up to nine United States attorneys around the country during President George W. Bush’s administration. Moreover, Mr. Bharara said that taking the president’s call could potentially have opened them both to the kind of criticism that Mr. Trump raised during the presidential campaign after President Bill Clinton met Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac in Phoenix while the F. B. I. was investigating his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. “I mean, either way,” Mr. Bharara said, sketching out a broad hypothetical, “people would say: ‘All we know is the president called Preet. Preet only has his job because the president bizarrely asked him to stay. And you know what? Preet didn’t charge that guy. Preet didn’t open that investigation. They must have made a deal. ’” The next day, the phone calls went out from the acting deputy attorney general, Dana J. Boente, informing Mr. Bharara and the other prosecutors to tender their resignations immediately. Mr. Bharara said he spent the rest of the day trying to determine whether the request applied to him. Mr. Boente called again the next morning, and said he understood that Mr. Bharara was not submitting a letter of resignation. Mr. Bharara confirmed that report. Mr. Boente soon called back, and Mr. Bharara remembered asking, “‘I want to know: Is the president firing me?’ That’s all. It seems like a very easy question. ”",0
7311,"Xi Jinping Wants to Be ‘Comrade.’ For Gay Chinese, That Means Something Else. - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   To the 90 million or so members of China’s Communist Party, President Xi Jinping has a message: Don’t call me president. Don’t call me party secretary. Call me “comrade. ” There is just one problem. In recent decades, the once ubiquitous term for Communist cadres and leaders has been embraced and popularized by a different group of people: gay men and lesbians. The term “tongzhi,” or “comrade,” was a nearly universal form of address in China well into the 1980s, but as Mao jackets gave way to   suits and ties, it fell out of favor among Chinese officials. Among gay men, however, “tongzhi” became a term of affection and solidarity and eventually a catchall label for sexual minorities. A gay and lesbian film festival held annually in Hong Kong has been called the Hong Kong Comrade Film Festival since 1989. And the Beijing center for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people calls itself the Beijing Tongzhi Zhongxin  —   or the Beijing Comrade Center. Even Google has caught on. Enter the characters for tongzhi guanxi  —   literally “comrade relationship” —   into its translator, and it gives you “gay relationship. ” (Baidu, the dominant   search engine, by contrast, offers the literal translation.) Fan Popo, a gay rights activist and filmmaker based in Beijing, said there had been episodes in which Chinese criticized gay rights activists for appropriating the political term. For some younger Chinese, however, the word “comrade” offered a source of comfort for those who felt too ashamed to use the term “tongxinglian,” or homosexual, Mr. Fan said. “But now, people have really gotten used to it,” he said. “Even the   on the bus  —   the people who you would not really expect to know the modern lingo  —   don’t say ‘comrade’ anymore because they know what it means among young people. ” Nowadays, Chinese typically refer to one another as “mister,” “miss” or “madame. ” Strangers often address one another as “young miss,” “beautiful woman,” “handsome man” or “master. ” Within the party, only top leaders are typically referred to as “comrade. ” At the lower levels, “comrade” has been replaced by a grab bag of titles. In a commentary published last year, Study Times, a weekly party journal, railed against modern designations like “deputy secretary,” “boss,” “C. E. O. ,” “grandfather” and “brother. ” “These terms have not only destroyed the seriousness of democratic relations within the party,” the commentary read, “but they have also affected the relationship between the party and the masses as well as the overall image of the party. ” After a meeting last month of the Communist Party’s Central Committee, leaders issued a directive urging party members to eschew titles and honorifics in favor of the revolutionary throwback. The directive instructed that “party members must call each other ‘comrades. ’” Some political experts, however, voiced skepticism that the order would change much. “These days, everyone who joins the party does so to become an official and make money,” said Zhang Lifan, a writer and historian. “You can’t really call these people true comrades. ” There may also be an inherent contradiction. Last month’s Central Committee meeting  —   the same one that issued the order to party members to call one another comrade  —   had another, bigger announcement: “Comrade Xi Jinping” had been elevated to “core” leader, cementing his status as China’s central political strongman. “Power is power,” Mr. Zhang said. “You can say that all party members are comrades. But among all the comrades, there is still a core. ”",0
7312,"In Haiti, a City’s Race Into the 21st Century Is Ruined by a Hurricane - The New York Times","JÉRÉMIE, Haiti  —   Things had been looking up in Jérémie, a coastal city marooned on the tip of Haiti’s southern peninsula. It had recently gotten its first decent road link to the rest of the country, a new highway through the rugged mountains that brought development. Cellphone service had finally begun, enabling farmers and businesses to flourish. The city was racing into the 21st century, dreaming of advanced agriculture and tourism in one of Haiti’s few nature preserves. But now, Hurricane Matthew has turned back the clock. The rich forests and vegetation are now splinters and a saltwater swamp. Roads are blocked with detritus, trees turned to tinder, homes reduced to mounds of stone and rusted tin shards cleaved from roofs. Jérémie’s ambitious economic plans have been eviscerated. “Instead of going forward, we have to restart,” said Marie Roselore Auborg, the minister for commerce and industry in the Grand Anse department, where Jérémie is the capital. “This storm leveled all of the potential we had to grow and reboot our economy. ” Hurricane Matthew’s toll in Haiti has been hard to measure: the deaths and injuries, the number of people still stranded, the cases of cholera contracted in the week since winds of 145 miles an hour blew the country back to a tragically familiar state of disaster. So, too, is the economic impact of the devastation on the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. For Jérémie, isolated and underdeveloped for decades, recent history had been relatively kind, bringing new hotels and a robust coffee crop. But as so often in the past, whenever Haiti tries to pick itself up, something always seems to knock it back down, including, and perhaps especially, the forces of nature. “In 2010, before the earthquake, we had a growth rate of 5. 7 percent,” said Jude Célestin, a presidential candidate who toured the devastated area on Sunday afternoon. “It’s the same in Jérémie. It was going up. People from    were investing here. ” As a crowd shouted in the background, trying to get closer to the candidate in the scrum, Mr. Célestin looked around at the homes stripped to their foundations and the mounds of refuse piled up to his shoulders. “And now, this,” he said, shaking his head. “It’s the way it is. ” The vista in Jérémie was a familiar one, of devastation more profound than the sum of its parts. Fetid water pooled along the only entrance and exit from the town, and just about everything on the   hillsides had been leveled  —   trees, houses, cellphone towers. Helicopters and convoys of sport utility vehicles descended on the city on Sunday, choking it with traffic after the highway, blocked for the better part of a week, was reopened. Collecting the dead in Jérémie has become a cruel pastime. The government tally for all of Grand Anse was up to 191 on Sunday, but locals put the figure closer to 450, and the grim work of counting the dead has only begun. New outbreaks of cholera were reported in stretches of the south that were still inaccessible by road, and dozens of victims were said to be making their way to hospitals on foot to seek care. In Jérémie, cholera may be one of the hurricane’s worst aftereffects. Of all departments in Haiti, Grand Anse has the least access to fresh water and modern sanitation, according to the World Bank. The smell of feces and soured storm water filled the streets closest to the city’s waterfront, a recipe for a sustained crisis. For now, though, residents were more focused on the immediate problem of shelter. Gary Guerrier, 36, a schoolteacher, saw the storm rip the metal roof off his house, leaving him, his wife and their   baby daughter exposed to the elements. After being driven back twice by the raging winds, he finally wrapped the infant in a bundle of bedsheets to protect her for the journey to a neighbor’s house. “I’m still in a state of shock,” Mr. Guerrier said. “We’re lucky we didn’t lose anyone. But as for material things, I lost everything. ” Houses in Beaumont, a town on the outskirts of Jérémie, fared even worse. Constructed of white stones and red earth, they were no match for the winds and pounding rain, and few were left standing among the felled coffee plants and orange trees after the storm passed. Residents farther up in the hills were still hunting for family members, while those along the lower rungs of the mountain had already interred their loved ones. “We found my father in his home, suffering several broken bones,” said Desir Luckner, 49, pointing to what remained of the house  —   a concrete foundation with one timber beam still upright. “We carried him down the hill to find help, but he died on the way. ” For all the shattered lives, the city of Jérémie was bustling on Sunday. Vendors squeezed between the wreckage on the roadsides, selling bread patties and overpriced spring onions magically procured from somewhere. A few businesses were operating, mostly out of necessity, to begin earning back what was lost. Claudia St. Louis opened her small bakery, selling comparettes, a local sweet bread, to those who could pay. “I lost my home, but I have to keep going, because it’s my livelihood,” she said, swatting at bees whose hive had been crushed during the storm. “There will be fewer people to buy these now, but there is nothing to be done about it. ” Ms. St. Louis said her business had been booming before the storm, with sales up 50 percent in the last year, and she was planning to expand into other baked items and perhaps even open a cosmetics shop as well. “I can’t do that now,” she said. The head of the chamber of commerce in Grand Anse, Monode Joseph, said the situation would be dire for a while. Along with the stores, hotels and small restaurants that gave the city its ambience, the farmers of the region were struggling, he said. Mr. Joseph traveled to    the national capital, after the storm to ask investors to keep supporting the coffee planters and bean farmers of the region as they tried to restore their land and start over. “The people were beginning to better organize themselves, which was increasing our business,” and he persuaded the investors only last year to put in more capital, Mr. Joseph said. “It’s going to be hard to get the credit we need now. ” Without that money, he said, the repercussions for farming will be catastrophic: “We don’t even know everything that’s been lost. ”",0
7313,Birth Control Causes Depression? Not So Fast - The New York Times,"One of the biggest American public health victories of the last decade has been the record low reached in the teenage birthrate. Along with that have been lows in rates for teenage pregnancy and abortion. Most researchers believe that improved access to contraception is a large part of this success. But news continues to focus on the concern that   contraception  —   like the pill or the patch  —   causes depression, and that this should lead us to question its wider use. A more nuanced discussion would consider both the benefits and the harms. This issue drew widespread coverage at the end of last year with a large study published in JAMA Psychiatry. Researchers tracked all women and adolescent females (ages 15 to 34) living in Denmark from 2000 through 2014. The study found that those who used hormonal contraception had significantly higher risks of also taking an antidepressant. The study broke down the increased relative risk for each hormonal method this way: combined oral contraceptives (23 percent)   pills (34 percent) the patch (100 percent) vaginal ring (60 percent) and levonorgestrel intrauterine system (40 percent). The risks were highest in adolescents and decreased as women aged. The risks also peaked six months after the start of contraception. Needless to say, many news outlets covered this finding widely. Some portrayed it as shocking new information that should change the way we think about hormonal birth control. Others saw it as a vindication of many women who said for years that birth control had triggered their depression while scientists and doctors ignored them. But we have to acknowledge the limitations of this type of research. It’s not a controlled trial, and it’s impossible to establish causality. Women who choose to have sex could also be more likely to consider antidepressant use. Women who are plugged in enough to the health care system to obtain hormonal contraception could be more likely to have their depression appropriately diagnosed and treated  —   which is a good thing. It’s also possible that an antidepressant prescription isn’t the best measure of   depression. That would require an actual diagnosis by a health care professional, and such data were not available in the Danish cohort. Previous studies that looked at rates of severe depression did not find a correlation with hormonal birth control use. Finally, huge cohort studies using many participants are likely to find a statistically significant result even if that result is not clinically significant. This is especially true if the cohort data come from an administrative database, like the one used in this study, that has been specifically identified as problematic in prior publications. We also have to place this study in context with others. Months earlier, a systematic review of all studies that looked at the relationship between hormonal contraception and depression was published in The European Journal of Contraception and Reproductive Health Care. The authors first noted that there were too few prospective studies. But the data that do exist show that most women don’t show any effect from hormonal birth control, or actually had their mood improve. Adverse effects were rare, and even rarer when the contraception contained lower levels of the hormone progestin. Finally, women who have underlying mood disorders were more predisposed to have   side effects, but that could be related to their choosing different types of birth control rather than the birth control itself. When many studies do not find a connection, and then one does, that latter one does not “replace” all prior research. That study has to be weighed along with the rest. It’s also important to consider publication bias, in which a study is more likely to be published if it’s a “significant” result and if it’s newsy. In this case, the finding that common birth control causes depression is both. But let us assume, for the sake of argument, that this most recent finding is both real and causal. Even then, we need to rely on absolute risks, not relative risks. In the Denmark study, for every 100 women who didn’t use hormonal birth control, 1. 7 were later prescribed an antidepressant. For every 100 who did use hormonal birth control, 2. 2 were later prescribed an antidepressant. The overall difference (0. 5 percentage points) means that if this were a randomized controlled trial, we would expect that for every 200 women treated, one extra woman might need to be treated with an antidepressant. We can also assume, though, that pretty much all of them would receive the benefit of birth control in family planning. Moreover, lest anyone forget, depression is also significantly associated with pregnancy, especially when that pregnancy is unintended. None of this is to say that we should ignore the risk of depression. Depression is a listed side effect of birth control it’s on the package inserts. All drugs have side effects. The drug I take for my ulcerative colitis has a real, if small, risk of causing myelosuppression. But the benefits I receive from it simply outweigh the risks. Women need to discuss with their physicians the potential downsides, as well as the potential upsides, of all forms of contraception. We shouldn’t ignore the potential for hormonal birth control to cause mood changes in women. We also shouldn’t pay attention only to those side effects, forgetting to place them in context with the benefits.",0
7314,What is going on with WikiLeaks?,"What is going on with WikiLeaks?   Defend Democracy 
WikiLeaks director and founder of the Centre for Investigative Journalism Gavin MacFadyen has died at age 76. The cause of death is yet unknown. His ‘fellows in arms’ have flocked online to post their farewells, including WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange. 
“ We are extremely sad to announce the death of Gavin MacFadyen, CIJ’s Founder, Director and its leading light ,” the Centre for Investigative Journalism team wrote on its Twitter. 
MacFadyen was a pioneering investigative journalist and filmmaker, who back in 2003 founded the Centre for Investigative Journalism (CIJ), an organization that helped break several major stories and has trained a number of prominent journalists. 
Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks’ Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others. 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) 4:03 AM – 23 Oct 2016 
He was a mentor and friend to famous whistleblower and co-founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange, as well as the director of the publication. Paying tribute to their head, WikiLeaks published a post on the group’s Twitter account saying MacFadyen “ now takes his fists and his fight to battle God .” 
The post is signed “ JA ,” indicating that the phrase belongs directly to Julian Assange, with WikiLeaks claiming that, despite the whistleblower being deprived of internet access in his suite in the Ecuadorian embassy for a week now, he has been able to contact them and is “ still in full command. ” 
The CIJ team also published an address from MacFadyen’s wife and member of Julian Assange’s Defense Fund, Susan Benn, who described her husband as a “ larger-than-life person, ” with gratitude and respect. 
“ He was the model of what a journalist should be… He spearheaded the creation of a journalistic landscape which has irrevocably lifted the bar for ethical and hard-hitting reporting. Gavin worked tirelessly to hold power to account. 
“His life and how he lived it were completely in sync with the principles that he held dear and practiced as a journalist and educator – to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable, ” Benn wrote . 
Recounting her husband’s achievements, she said he had produced and directed more than 50 investigative documentaries covering diverse and multiple countries and problems. She also noted that he had been banned from apartheid South Africa and the Soviet Union for his investigative work, and was also attacked by British Neo-Nazis. 
In his professional career, MacFadyen shed light on topics like child labor, pollution, the torture of political prisoners, neo-Nazis in Britain, UK industrial accidents, Contra murders in Nicaragua, the CIA, maritime piracy, election fraud in South America, South African mines, as well as many others. He worked on investigative television programs for PBS’s Frontline, Granada Television’s World in Action, the BBC’s Fine Cut, Panorama, The Money Programme, and 24 Hours, as well as Channel 4’s Dispatches. 
The cause of MacFadyen’s death has not yet been made public. In the original post from his wife Susan, she wrote that he had died from “ a short illness, ” but that line has now been removed. 
Did you know: Gavin Macfadyen was arrested with Bernie Sanders, was a body double for Nick Nolte & was banned from South Africa & the USSR? 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) 4:20 AM – 23 Oct 2016 
Twitter has been full of tributes from his colleagues and like-minded people. Even the hacktivist organization Anonymous has spoken out. Gavin MacFadyen, always kind & supportive of young journalists & filmmakers. Can never forget your booming laugh. Thank you my friend. 
Earlier this year, MacFadyen gave an interview to RT’s Going Underground program to talk about the publication of leaks related to US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, the most recent of which have been emails from the account of her aid, John Podesta. The barrage of sometimes shocking revelations has proven to be a bit of a thorn in the side for Clinton’s election campaign. In the interview, he said that the documents released so far are merely a drop in the ocean of the information WikiLeaks is receiving, and was hopeful that while “ there’s only one known Snowden, ” there may be other whistleblowers who will keep shedding light on injustice and other major global pain points.",0
7315,"’This is for Syria!’: Police Shoot Algerian Hammer Attacker at Notre-Dame, Paris","French police shot an Algerian man who reportedly attacked them while shouting “this is for Syria” outside the   Cathedral in Paris, France. One officer is reported to have been injured in the incident. [Police reacted to the event in central Paris Tuesday afternoon, having shut down the neighbourhood, with some 900 tourists and worshippers locked into the   Cathedral for their safety.  French television network BFMTV reports the assailant, who is said to have attacked a police officer with a hammer while shouting “this is for Syria” had been seen “on the ground” and that he had been shot in the chest. A search after the event found that in addition to the hammer, the man was also carrying two knives. The assailant is reported to have been a    Algerian student. Witnesses spoke of two shots fired, which came after the assailant reportedly went after members of the public with the hammer, before turning on a pair of policemen. After striking one in the head, the second officer used his firearm. The injured parties were subsequently taken to hospital. Police asking everyone to raise their hands in the church pic. twitter.   —   Matthew CurrieHolmes (@mch2k) June 6, 2017,  so we are trapped in Notre Dame Cathedral. Something is happening outside we don’t know what it is. Police sirens can be heard #NotreDame,  —   Matthew CurrieHolmes (@mch2k) June 6, 2017,  This story is developing",0
7316,Women’s March on Washington Opens Contentious Dialogues About Race - The New York Times,"Many thousands of women are expected to converge on the nation’s capital for the Women’s March on Washington the day after Donald J. Trump’s inauguration. Jennifer Willis no longer plans to be one of them. Ms. Willis, a    wedding minister from South Carolina, had looked forward to taking her daughters to the march. Then she read a post on the Facebook page for the march that made her feel unwelcome because she is white. The post, written by a black activist from Brooklyn who is a march volunteer, advised “white allies” to listen more and talk less. It also chided those who, it said, were only now waking up to racism because of the election. “You don’t just get to join because now you’re scared, too,” read the post. “I was born scared. ” Stung by the tone, Ms. Willis canceled her trip. “This is a women’s march,” she said. “We’re supposed to be allies in equal pay, marriage, adoption. Why is it now about, ‘White women don’t understand black women’?” If all goes as planned, the Jan. 21 march will be a momentous display of unity in protest of a president whose treatment of women came to dominate the campaign’s final weeks. But long before the first buses roll to Washington and sister demonstrations take place in other cities, contentious conversations about race have erupted nearly every day among marchers, exhilarating some and alienating others. In Tennessee, emotions ran high when organizers changed the name of the local march from “Women’s March on  ” to “Power Together Tennessee, in solidarity with Women’s March on Washington. ” While many applauded the name change, which was meant to signal the start of a new social justice movement in Nashville, some complained that the event had turned from a march for all women into a march for black women. In Louisiana, the first state coordinator gave up her volunteer role in part because there were no minority women in leadership positions at that time. “I got a lot of flak locally when I stepped down, from white women who said that I’m alienating a lot of white women,” said Candice Huber, a bookstore owner in New Orleans, who is white. “They said, ‘Why do you have to be so divisive? ’” In some ways, the discord is by design. Even as they are working to ensure a smooth and unified march next week, the national organizers said they made a deliberate decision to highlight the plight of minority and undocumented immigrant women and provoke uncomfortable discussions about race. “This was an opportunity to take the conversation to the deep places,” said Linda Sarsour, a Muslim who heads the Arab American Association of New York and is one of four   of the national march. “Sometimes you are going to upset people. ” The post that offended Ms. Willis was part of that effort. So was the quotation posted on the march’s Facebook page from Bell Hooks, the black feminist, about forging a stronger sisterhood by “confronting the ways women  —   through sex, class and race  —   dominated and exploited other women. ” In response, a New Jersey woman wrote: “I’m starting to feel not very welcome in this endeavor. ” A debate then ensued about whether white women were just now experiencing what minority women experience daily, or were having a hard time yielding control. A young white woman from Baltimore wrote with bitterness that white women who might have been victims of rape and abuse were being “asked to check their privilege,” a catchphrase that refers to people acknowledging their advantages, but which even some liberal women find unduly confrontational. No one involved with the march fears that the rancor will dampen turnout even many of those who expressed dismay at the tone of the discussion said they still intended to join what is sure to be the largest demonstration yet against the Trump presidency. “I will march,” one wrote on the march’s Facebook page, “Hoping that someday soon a sense of unity will occur before it’s too late. ” But these debates over race also reflect deeper questions about the future of progressivism in the age of Trump. Should the march highlight what divides women, or what unites them? Is there room for women who have never heard of “white privilege”? And at a time when a presidential candidate ran against political correctness and won  —   with half of white female voters supporting him  —   is this the time to tone down talk about race or to double down? “If your   goal is to get as many people as possible at the march, maybe you don’t want to alienate people,” said Anne Valk, the author of “Radical Sisters,” a book about racial and class differences in the women’s movement. “But if your   goal is to use the march as a catalyst for progressive social and political change, then that has to include thinking about race and class privilege. ” The discord also reflects the variety of women’s rights and liberal causes being represented at the march, as well as a generational divide. Many older white women spent their lives fighting for rights like workplace protections that younger women now take for granted. Many young activists have spent years protesting police tactics and criminal justice policies  —   issues they feel too many white liberals have ignored. “Yes, equal pay is an issue,” Ms. Sarsour said. “But look at the ratio of what white women get paid versus black women and Latina women. ” For too long, the march organizers said, the women’s rights movement focused on issues that were important to   white women, such as the ability to work outside the home and attain the same   positions that men do. But minority women, they said, have had different priorities. Black women who have worked their whole lives as maids might care more about the minimum wage or police brutality than about seeing a woman in the White House. Undocumented immigrant women might care about abortion rights, they said, but not nearly as much as they worry about being deported. This brand of feminism  —   frequently referred to as “intersectionality”  —   asks white women to acknowledge that they have had it easier. It speaks candidly about the history of racism, even within the feminist movement itself. The organizers of the 1913 suffrage march on Washington asked black women to march at the back of the parade. The issue of race has followed the march from its inception. The day after the election, Bob Bland, a fashion designer in New York, floated the idea of a march in Washington on Facebook. Within hours, 3, 000 people said they would join. Then a friend called to tell Ms. Bland that a woman in Hawaii with a similar page had collected pledges from 12, 000 people. “I thought, ‘Wow, let’s merge,’” Ms. Bland recalled. As the effort grew, a number of comments on Facebook implored Ms. Bland, who is white, to include minority women on the leadership team. Ms. Bland felt strongly that it was the right thing to do. Within three days of the election, Carmen Perez, a Hispanic activist working on juvenile justice, and Tamika D. Mallory, a gun control activist who is black, joined Ms. Bland. Gloria Steinem, honorary   of the march along with Harry Belafonte, lauded their approach. “Sexism is always made worse by racism  —   and vice versa,” she said in an email. Ms. Steinem, who plans to participate in a town hall meeting during the march with Alicia Garza, a   of Black Lives Matter, said even contentious conversations about race were a “good thing. ” “It’s about knowing each other,” she wrote. “Which is what movements and marches are for. ” But the tone of the discussion, particularly online, can become so raw that some   marchers feel they are no longer welcome. Ms. Willis, the South Carolina wedding minister, had been looking forward to the salve of rallying with people who share her values, a rarity in her home state, where she said she had been insulted and shouted at for marrying gay couples. But then she read a post by ShiShi Rose, a    blogger from Brooklyn. “Now is the time for you to be listening more, talking less,” Ms. Rose wrote. “You should be reading our books and understanding the roots of racism and white supremacy. Listening to our speeches. You should be drowning yourselves in our poetry. ” It rubbed Ms. Willis the wrong way. “How do you know that I’m not reading black poetry?” she asked in an interview. Ms. Willis says that she understands being born white gives her advantages, and that she is always open to learning more about the struggles of others. But, she said, “The last thing that is going to make me endeared to you, to know you and love you more, is if you are sitting there wagging your finger at me. ” Ms. Rose said in an interview that the intention of the post was not to weed people out but rather to make them understand that they had a lot of learning to do. “I needed them to understand that they don’t just get to join the march and not check their privilege constantly,” she said. That phrase  —   check your privilege  —   exasperates Ms. Willis. She asked a reporter: “Can you please tell me what that means?”",0
7317,GERMANY: About that “nice friendly Muslim family” next door….,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address",0
7318,"£100k in used notes might make poppies less political, say FIFA","Wednesday 2 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree €100k in used notes might make poppies less political, say FIFA 
Fifa has indicated that the row over England and Scotland players wearing poppies on their kit could be ended in recompense for a ‘gift’ of €100,000 in untraceable used bank notes. 
“FIFA is committed to a new era without corruption,” said FIFA head Gianni ‘Razors’ Infantino. 
“As such, we would never suggest any sort of bribe. However, if these guys, these British Legion guys, if they were to offer a small financial gesture of friendship, then perhaps we would be able to forget the political implications of wearing a symbol of remembrance and the whole situation could be resolved without any need for…unpleasantness.” 
The row began after FIFA refused permission for the England and Scotland players to wear a poppy symbol on their shirts because, unlike the Nike or Puma logos, there is literally no money in it. 
“I looked into it,” continued Don Infantino. 
“These poppy guys brought in over a mil last year, and that’s pure untaxed profit. Now we ain’t asking for much over here, just a taste is all. A gesture. But in Euros, none of that worthless Sterling rubbish. 
Although negotiations are currently amicable, there were indications that things could become less so. 
“Hey, we’re all friends here but if, you know, if we can’t all get along,” said Mr Infantino with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. 
“We’re going to have to make them an offer they can’t refuse.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
7319,Judge Orders Release of Some Documents Related to Clinton Email Inquiry - The New York Times,"A federal judge in Manhattan has ordered the partial unsealing of a government search warrant and supporting documents stemming from a federal inquiry into emails belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton. The judge, P. Kevin Castel of United States District Court, ordered on Monday that the documents be posted on the court’s docket at noon on Tuesday unless his decision is appealed and stayed or modified by a federal appeals court. The emails were discovered by the Federal Bureau of Investigation during an unrelated investigation of Anthony D. Weiner, the former congressman and estranged husband of Ms. Abedin. Mr. Weiner has been under investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan over allegations that he exchanged illicit text messages with a    girl. The emails, which the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, revealed to Congress on Oct. 28, jolted Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign and led to broad criticism of his handling of the investigation. On Nov. 6, Mr. Comey told Congress that the bureau’s review of the emails had not changed its conclusion: Mrs. Clinton should face no charges over her handling of classified information. The requested unsealing of the warrant and related materials was made by E. Randol Schoenberg, a lawyer who has criticized Mr. Comey’s handling of the investigation and who has written that Mr. Comey’s actions cost Mrs. Clinton the presidency. Mr. Schoenberg argued in a court filing that access to the materials “that provided the basis for the investigation are of the utmost public importance. ” Last week, a Justice Department lawyer, Jennie L. Kneedler, said the government objected to the unsealing request, but Judge Castel made it clear that he was leaning toward releasing the materials, with some redactions. He asked the government to provide the documents and proposed redactions to him under seal. In his ruling, the judge noted that the government, in its filing, “effectively” withdrew its opposition to Mr. Schoenberg’s request and asked that the documents be unsealed with redactions. In ordering the unsealing, the judge said Mrs. Clinton had little “privacy interest in the release of documents identifying her as the subject of this investigation. ” “The strong presumption of access attached to the search warrant and related materials is not overcome by any remaining privacy interest of Secretary Clinton,” the judge said. Although Ms. Abedin and Mr. Weiner are not mentioned in the ruling, their names appear to be among the redacted information, along with portions related to the investigation of Mr. Weiner. Mrs. Clinton had taken no position on the request, Mr. Schoenberg’s lawyer, David B. Rankin, said in a court filing last week. Mrs. Clinton’s lawyer, David E. Kendall, declined to comment on the ruling, as did Arlo   a lawyer for Mr. Weiner, and lawyers for Ms. Abedin. The Justice Department also declined to comment.",0
7320,More Reports Of Votes Flipping From Trump To Clinton In Texas ….election Officials Dismiss Concerns… An Ongoing Cbs4 Voter Fraud Investigation Finds People Voting Twice,"More Reports Of Votes Flipping From Trump To Clinton In Texas ….election Officials Dismiss Concerns… An Ongoing Cbs4 Voter Fraud Investigation Finds People Voting Twice by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet Following our story yesterday, there have been more reports of early voters in Texas seeing their ballots flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. Voters in Arlington and Amarillo complained that when they highlighted the box to select Trump/Pence, it switched to Clinton/Kaine. Now numerous other Texans have gone public on social media to report similar problems. However, election officials in Texas are denying that there is a problem. “Typically, we’ve found it’s voter error with the equipment,” Frank Phillips, Tarrant County’s election administrator, told WFAA . “Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates … or do something with the wheel….There is not an issue with the equipment.” Are all these examples just voters making mistakes or inaccurately reporting what happened? Or could there be a real problem with electronic voting machines in Texas? 
http://www.infowars.com/more-reports-of-votes-flipping-from-trump-to-clinton-in-texas/ 
An ongoing CBS4 VOTER FRAUD investigation Finds People Voting Twice 
DENVER (CBS4)– An ongoing CBS4 voter fraud investigation has uncovered a dozen cases where Coloradans are suspected of voting twice. Previous CBS4 Investigations revealed ballots cast in the names of Coloradans who had been dead for months– sometimes years- before votes were cast in their names. 
In six of the new cases, voting records show the same people voting twice in Colorado elections. In another six cases, people are suspected of voting in Colorado and another state during the same election cycle. 
http://denver.cbslocal.com/2016/10/25/cbs4-investigation-finds-people-voting-twice/ 
Voting Machine Caught on Camera Casting Ballot for Democrat when Selecting Republican 
Early voting has only been underway for two whole and we’re already facing a glitch in the system. Chambers County was forced to pull the plug on their voting machines and turn to the paper ballot due to a software problem. All electronic voting has been stopped until the software can be updated. 
http://kluv.cbslocal.com/2016/10/26/chambers-county-texas-switches-to-paper-ballots/ 
Florida Governor Busted Attempting To Toss Thousands Of Mail-In Ballots 
A federal judge on Saturday blocked Florida Governor Rick Scott’s attempt to throw out tens of thousands of mail-in ballots, then publicly reprimanded him. U.S. District Judge Mark Walker issued a blistering caution to Scott’s top election official on a lawsuit about vote-by-mail ballots. 
According to ABC News , the judge accused Governor Scott appointed Secretary of State Ken Detzner of “delaying a hearing on the lawsuit, so that he could use every second available to run out the clock,” . That means, there would not be enough time to address the lawsuit. Then, Judge Walker said the governor’s man, Detzner, was in effect committing an “undeclared war’ on Florida voters’ rights. 
Florida’s Democratic Party filed a lawsuit asserting that thousands of vote-by-mail ballots were rejected each election, because the voter’s ballot envelope and the registration file signatures do not match. Without a signature, Florida law says that a vote-by-mail ballot cannot be counted.",0
7321,Maher: ’Trump’s Stormtroopers’ Are Pulling 16-Year-Olds Out of Classrooms To Deport Them - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated, “Trump’s stormtroopers are pulling    Mexican kids out of classrooms to send them back to Mexico. ”  Maher reacted to Caitlyn Jenner’s criticism of Trump’s policies on transgenderism in schools by stating, “I love the   of this, where she draws the line. You know, Bruce Jenner was an idiot, adding tits didn’t make him a genius. Really, Trump’s stormtroopers are pulling    Mexican kids out of classrooms to send them back to Mexico. That’s okay, but mess with my right to pee? Shame on you, sir. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
7322,"Roger Federer Welcomes the End ... Of a Layoff, Not His Career - The New York Times","The Federer family has shared many a road trip, but in this unusually settled period, the patriarch and primary breadwinner has been fielding more and more questions. “The kids were asking, ‘When are we leaving again? ’” Roger Federer said in an extended interview from Dubai on Friday. “Because they were happy to get back on the road. It was like, when are we going the next time to Australia or the next time to New York? And I’ve been saying, ‘Not for a while. ’” But the next family business trip is now fast approaching. Federer is set to return to action next month in Perth, Australia, at the Hopman Cup team event before returning in earnest at the Australian Open in Melbourne. Federer has not played a match since July 8, when he lost in five sets to Milos Raonic in the semifinals at Wimbledon. In the last set, he took an awkward and uncharacteristic tumble on the grass that was too easy to see as a metaphor for the decline of a great, balletic champion. Federer landed on his   left knee, which in February had required him to have surgery for the first time in his career, keeping him out for more than two months. Though he got up slowly at Wimbledon and finished the match, he did not finish the season. He even missed the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, which had long been one of his major   targets. While his longtime rivals Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic duked it out for the No. 1 ranking and his Swiss countryman Stan Wawrinka won the United States Open, Federer got a taste of retirement with his longest break from the tour since he turned professional in 1998. Now, he will try his hand at a staple of modern tennis: the comeback. And he will do so with a world ranking of No. 16, his lowest since 2001. “It actually felt like I had my first real comeback in April when I came back in Monaco, especially having had surgery, because I never had surgery before,” Federer said. “So that felt like a real comeback to me, but this one feels bigger, obviously, because two months is not like six months. Clearly this comeback is going to have a different place in my career, for sure. ” Federer, 35, has little left to prove. He has already won a record 17 Grand Slam singles titles and 71 lesser titles. He has maintained a standard of excellence for far longer than most tennis champions do. Although he said he had treasured his time away from the tour with his wife, Mirka, and their four young children, he insisted that no consideration had been given to making the break permanent. “Mirka is totally committed, totally happy,” he said. “The kids love it, and I’m still hungry, and now I’m even refreshed and rejuvenated. ” The question of retirement never came up. For Federer, the questions were instead: “Can I still do it? As a player, can my body still do it? Can my mind still do it?” Those are particularly intriguing questions at a moment when so much talent  —   both rising and established  —   seems to be converging in the men’s game. Federer, as much a tennis aficionado as a tennis maestro, is well aware of the story lines. The old guard on the men’s tour remains with Federer and Rafael Nadal, who at age 30 is returning from more injury problems of his own with a new coach in his team: Carlos Moyá. The new wave is full of promise, led by Dominic Thiem, Alexander Zverev and Nick Kyrgios, all of whom have already beaten Federer. There are also many established stars in their primes: from Raonic, Kei Nishikori and Juan Martín del Potro to the multiple Grand Slam champions Wawrinka, Murray and Djokovic. Federer, even in absentia, said he had kept checking the scores on his phone as Murray dueled with Djokovic down the stretch in November to secure the   No. 1 ranking. “I was very surprised just because when a guy starts a season the way Novak does, achieves his dream by winning the French and his fourth Slam in a row, of course there’s no way in the world that anybody, even the players, start thinking another guy could actually finish No. 1,” Federer said. “Novak, let’s be honest, actually didn’t play too bad in the second half. He won Toronto. He played finals in many other tournaments: U. S. Open, the World Tour Finals. You would think that that’s going to be enough, but what it required was something extraordinary, and Murray was able to deliver that, and that’s where I take my hat off. ” Federer did not experience a letdown in 2009 after winning the French Open, the only major singles title he had lacked. But he said he could certainly comprehend the perils of Djokovic’s emotional journey in 2016. “Maybe it’s only human and understandable that Novak had a letdown, because he achieved everything he wanted to,” Federer said. “You have to maybe reinvent yourself or whatever you have to do. But it’s nice to see that maybe it doesn’t always come so easy for everybody for so long. “And I think it actually creates a great story for next year. Andy’s a great story. Novak’s a great story. Rafa, obviously, is always going to be a good story. Me coming back is hopefully going to be a nice story to follow, too. I think the beginning of the year, especially the Australian summer, is going to be epic. ” Federer said his decision to end his season after Wimbledon had been made out of a desire to get the most out of what remains of his career. “Maybe I could have, should have taken more time after the Australian Open once I had surgery,” he said. “Possibly, but I was well. I was training full on in Dubai. ” After withdrawing from the French Open, ending his consecutive streak of Grand Slam appearances at 65, Federer came back for the   season and Wimbledon knowing his knee was not quite right. “I don’t think it cost me the rest of the season by playing on the grass,” he said. “I just think the knee and the body needed a break, and taking six months off, I could take the time the body and knee required to heal. Now I can look back and say: ‘Look, if now it doesn’t go well, I did everything I possibly could. There are no regrets. ’” He said he had taken a particularly conservative approach this time around. “Especially the first three months, I was working out maybe one hour a day,” he said. When he did turn up the intensity with his longtime fitness coach Pierre Paganini, Federer said, he often avoided training on consecutive days. He started playing points again in early October, but he said he had not resumed full   sessions until late November after he left Switzerland for Dubai, his usual   training base. He has been practicing there frequently with the rising Frenchman Lucas Pouille, and on Thursday Federer planned to broadcast their practice session live on Periscope to give his fans an update on his progress. “I just felt I needed to start filling in people on how I’m doing as we get closer to the beginning of the season,” he said. The real test of how he is playing will have to wait for Australia, where his   preview of life without the tennis circuit will officially come to an end. “I did get that taste of retirement,” Federer said. “All of the sudden, I could be organized and say: ‘O. K. we’re going to be four weeks at home in a row in the same place. Who do you want to go for dinner with, Mirka? Or who shall we catch up with?” Federer enjoyed having that time with his family and the predictability of being in one place for more than a week at a time. Fortunately, he said, his knee held up, and he was able to make the most of it. “I think that was really exciting and good for us to have that time,” he said. “And it felt good, you know? It did feel good, but it can totally wait. No problem for me. It can totally wait. ”",0
7323,How many of you will never vote again if trump is not elected?,"How many of you will never vote again if trump is not elected? Page 1 Mail with questions or comments about this site. ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.144s (10 queries)",0
7324,Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   At the end of the Jean Paul Gaultier couture show  —   after a stream of etched tuxedo suits, 1980s Crayola leathers and   furs with hibiscus prints after the models had finally left the runway and the audience started packing up  —   a man with a guitar slung around his neck appeared and perched on a stool by the side of the stage. Oops. Guess it wasn’t over after all. Then up the curtain went again, to reveal   …     a barefoot girl standing on a swing in an angelic silken nightie with a long blond braid trailing down her back and lacy sleeves like wings. She swayed to and fro for awhile to the strumming, then hopped off the swing and twirled down the catwalk before being swept off her feet by a shirtless stud in denim overalls, deposited in a wheelbarrow and carted off with great fanfare, into the sunset. Or at least backstage. It was a vignette sweetly meant. But couture bills itself as “the dream. ” And are women’s dreams these days really about being spirited into the future by a    of burning man flesh? That was mostly a rhetorical question. There’s a reason that Isabelle Huppert, just off her best actress Oscar nomination for playing a woman in “Elle” who, instead of falling to pieces after an attack, takes her vengeance into her own hands, attended the Armani Privé show not in the usual elaborate cocktail gown that celebrities favor for the front row, but rather a turquoise trouser suit and black mock turtleneck, and looked the cooler for it. When her fellow   celeb, Nicole Kidman, in a classic little black dress with statement jewels, knelt down to pay homage, you thought, “I know what you mean. ” It was, on the other hand, more difficult to figure out what Mr. Armani meant with the tangerine dream on the runway, from orange croc jackets to orange sequined slithers to long jeweled orange vests (there was some black, too). To paraphrase Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, it’s 2017. The issue of how relevant a historic discipline that is defined by making handmade clothes to order for the very few can be in a world roiled by social and political disruption was unavoidable this week  —   in part because the couture shows began just after the Women’s March on Washington, not to mention its sister marches all over the world, including Paris, and ended just before the March for Life. It seemed, at least to start, an unfortunate juxtaposition. It was hard not to think we were in the middle of a Marie Antoinette moment in the making. Especially when Giambattista Valli situated his show of   ball gowns, minidresses cut to the thigh in front and streaming trains of mousseline and silk faille behind, in the Archives Nationales. The historic venue, that is to say, where the young queen’s papers are kept (including the final letter she wrote before her beheading). The idea did not go over well with a French national trade union, which handed out leaflets in protest of the   . Still, after it was all over, after we had finished the trek from one cultural monument to the other  —   from the Musée Rodin, Invalides, the Centre Pompidou, the Palais de Chaillot, the Cirque D’Hiver (in case, you know, anyone was in any doubt about whether the French consider this particular discipline part of their patrimony)  —   it was clear that behind the tulle and chiffon, the crystals and crepe, efforts were being made to bridge the gap between escapism and the contemporary. Couture is often treated as synonymous with the most extreme form of   in part because of designers’ own tendency to   with the decoration (more sequins! more encrustation!) and the show décor. But at its essence it is, or is when it succeeds, about empowering the individual. A point made crystal clear by John Galliano in a perfectly judged Maison Margiela show that was a graceful meditation on the connection between foundation and presentation. Silk trench coats were sliced away and reduced to checkerboards to give glimpses of the garments beneath a tweed blouse over a bias satin skirt unspooled on one side. Faces, from the filters we use to transform ourselves on social media, were traced on sheer overcoats or cut into cascading gowns, or imprinted on tulle. In those eyes, you saw yourself. Elsewhere, the difference was in the details. At Christian Dior, the first woman to run the house, Maria Grazia Chiuri, performed a deceptive sleight of hand. In a tent in the gardens of the Musée Rodin, she constructed a verdant   maze around a magical tree dripping jewels and trinkets that recalled nothing so much as “A Midsummer Night’s Dream. ” She populated it with Little Black Riding Hood tailleurs and an array of evermore romantic evening dresses clasped at the waist by sculptural belts and crowned at the head. Yet, fancy though they were, the clothes had a   insouciance. Oh, this old ball gown? Paired with barely there kitten heels that kicked up the moss as the models strode along, they looked as comfortable as a sweatshirt. Ms. Chiuri said she had been fascinated by the concept of transformation (hence the masked ball theme, and the set) but the real transformation was in taking a formal garment and giving it a palpable ease, so the woman inside could just, well  —   get on with it. Likewise, at Valentino, Pierpaolo Piccioli accessorized his Grecian columns and palazzo pants and Aphrodite dresses with flat   sandals, the kind found at many an Italian resort, and loosed  —   or lost  —   the structure from his clothes. Instead of being armored, or preserved in amber, femininity was being unbound, shrouded in crepe pleats and veils of tulle. (Mr. Piccioli and Ms. Chiuri worked together as design partners for more than two decades, and this season marked each of their solo couture debuts, so, if they were thinking along the same lines, it’s understandable. The separation process is probably going to take a while.) The idea that flat shoes could represent progress may seem absurd. But this is a world where words like “fairy and “princess” are used so often they have become clichés. In that context, a sandal and absolute simplicity can be a radical move. So was swapping out the paillettes and bugle beads, the way Riccardo Tisci did at Givenchy, and instead using small circular fabric “mirrors” as adornment on     silk gowns. The most complicated dress in the collection, one that took 2, 000 hours to make, was made solely of linked dream catchers, each woven from black thread by hand in a different pattern. It all made the corsetry and elaborate hip swathing on view at Ulyana Sergeenko seem stiff and   by comparison  —   situated at one end of the continuum that terminates on the other with the mesmerizing garments made from   polyurethane, injection molding and laser cutting at Iris Van Herpen, which are   in the most interesting way. Somewhere in the middle is Schiaparelli, where Bertrand Guyon is in the process of a slow shift away from   surrealism. And though Karl Lagerfeld constructed a mirrored Art Deco salon complete with cream suede sofas and calla lilies for Chanel, transposing rooms at 31 Rue Cambon to the echoing environs of the Grand Palais, what was most notable was not the surround, but rather the way the silhouette had been altered by adding a plain leather belt, cinched just at the lower ribs, to everything from bouclé suiting to crystalline slips finished in a flounce of feathers. It could have been a discordant note amid the sparkling sophistication but instead it created an impression of streamlined modernity, and kept nostalgia at bay. It’s worth noting that, while Chanel (like Gaultier) is one of the few houses left that still closes its show with a bride  —   Elie Saab and Ralph  Russo also cling on, but most have jettisoned that anachronism  —   this time around she had lost her veil and simply strode the runway in a long pink dress. There was a cascade of ruffles at the sleeves and skirt, but look closer and the latter was cut just high enough in the front to allow freedom of movement. Or, put another way: progress.",0
7325,Michael Brown’s Father on Ferguson Riots: ’They Asked for It’,"The father of Michael Brown accused the City of Ferguson of “asking for” the riots that plagued the city following his son’s death. [His comments came in response to the release of a film, “Stranger Fruit,” during Austin, Texas’ South by Southwest Film Festival. The film reportedly reveals new video footage taken from a market in Ferguson Michael Brown was accused of robbing, CNN reported. Director Jason Pollock claims Brown did not rob the store as widely reported, but was simply picking up some cigarillos the clerks had given him in exchange for marijuana.  The film’s producers accuse the City of Ferguson of hiding this video and only releasing the later video with claims Brown was robbing the store. “Maybe the City of Ferguson wouldn’t have gotten tore up like that,” Michael Brown Sr. said during a press conference about the video. “It’s almost like they asked for it, if you ask me, for not keeping no truth in there. ” Ferguson police responded to the claim by the senior Brown, stating that Michael Brown was not initially stopped in connection with the incident at the store. He was stopped for walking in the middle of the road, CNN stated. The riots that erupted following the shooting death of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer had nothing to do with anything that happened at the store, or even the facts of Brown’s encounter with the police officer. Rather, the riots broke out following a false “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot” narrative put forward by politically motivated activists. The riots were further fueled by the Obama Administration’s fanning the flames with rhetoric that supported the false narrative, Breitbart News reported in 2015. “Now the campaign of terror against police has come back to where the great lie started. Obama and Holder will not finish until they have destroyed Ferguson —  destroyed it, in the   parlance of the Vietnam era, in order to save it, razed it to rebuild it in the stylized image of Selma 1965, razed it in order to fit the delusions of an Attorney General who thinks we have made no progress since the era of Malcolm X and a President who once promised —  incredibly! —  to unite America,” Breitbart’s Joel Pollock wrote at the time. Breitbart News reported extensively on the aftermath of the shooting in Ferguson and the subsequent riots and political chaos that arose over the next several months. The release of the new video sparked a new round of protests in Ferguson over the weekend, CNN reported. During a protest Sunday night, a Ferguson police officer’s nose was broken after a female protester punched him in the face. Brandon Darby contributed to this report. Darby serves as Breitbart Texas Managing Director and   . He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
7326,"London, Gorsuch, Syria: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Mayhem in the heart of London. A lone assailant plowed a vehicle into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge, killing two and injuring 40 others, before crashing into a railing. One of the injured later died at a hospital. He then left the vehicle and fatally stabbed a police officer outside Parliament, before he was shot and killed. The police are investigating it as a terrorist attack. The attacker’s identity has not been released, but Scotland Yard officials said they believed they knew who he was. Here’s a quick rundown of what we know  —   and what we don’t know  —   about the chaotic episode, which came on the anniversary of the Brussels Airport and subway attack. _____ 2. Republican governors are rebelling against the deep cuts to domestic programs in President Trump’s proposed budget. They’re most concerned about cuts to job training and economic revitalization programs, and to grants from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The budget also calls for a $54 billion increase in military spending, though the U. S. already spends far more than any other country on defense. Here’s a breakdown of the military’s current size, equipment and funding. Above, Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified about the budget before a Senate subcommittee. _____ 3. House Republicans face an excruciating choice tomorrow. A yea vote on the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act risks havoc for voters in their districts. Voting nay risks the vengeance of the president. We’re keeping tabs on the expected votes here. If the bill goes to the Senate, negotiations could last months. _____ 4. The confirmation hearing for Judge Neil Gorsuch, Mr. Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, continued on Capitol Hill. Republicans lobbed softball questions on topics like mutton busting and Horse v. Duck, but Democrats grilled him  —   to little avail  —   about issues like his role in approving harsh interrogation techniques as a lawyer for President George W. Bush. “You have been very much able to avoid any specificity like no one I have seen before,” Senator Dianne Feinstein told him. _____ 5. The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee suggested that U. S. intelligence agencies monitoring foreign officials may have “incidentally” picked up communications of Trump transition team members. The statement by Representative Devin Nunes of California, above, by no means indicates that Mr. Trump himself was under direct surveillance. But the White House spokesman, Sean Spicer, seized on it as “startling information,” and Mr. Trump said he felt “somewhat” vindicated. Social science research suggests that Mr. Trump’s insistence that he was wiretapped, despite the lack of evidence, is part of a pattern that plays well in a highly partisan environment. _____  6. An airstrike by the   coalition against the Islamic State killed 30 civilians in a rural area of northern Syria, according to local reports. It was the second time in a week that Syrians accused the U. S. of killing civilians with airstrikes, raising concerns that the military has become less careful, or less selective, in its targeting under Mr. Trump. Above, burning tires to disrupt warplanes in Aleppo Province. _____  7. “I can’t imagine something that was more of a nightmare. ” So says a lawyer for an Army veteran, Elliott Williams, who died in an Oklahoma jail cell in 2011. A jury awarded his family $10. 5 million this week. Immobilized by a broken neck, Mr. Williams, 37, spent his last days lying on the floor of his cell, unable to reach the food and water placed nearby by guards who did not believe his claim that he was injured. The cell’s video monitor captured 51 hours of his suffering and death. _____ 8. Spurred by the presidential election, more women are running for local elected office, from school boards to town councils to state legislatures, including Lacey Rzeszowski, above. “It’s happening all around the country,“ said an expert. “Women are looking for a way to have a voice. ” In related news, a consumer research group says sales of art supplies were up in January, thanks to protest signs. _____ 9. A scholarly sting operation is shedding light on sketchy academic journals. A fake applicant whose name meant “fraudster” in Polish applied to 360 “ ” journals, listing fake degrees and publications, asking to be an editor.   of them accepted her  —   and four made her editor in chief. _____ 10. Lovelorn men in India are trying a new strategy: calling numbers at random until they hear a woman’s voice. Intentionally dialing wrong numbers is a   way to find romance, but it’s a popular move in places where traditional gender segregation has collided   with cheap new technologies. Reports of phone stalking and harassment have increased  —   a police call center above logs such complaints. But an unknown number of phone Romeos end up in successful “  relationships. ” _____ 11. Finally, on TV tonight, the new drama “Shots Fired” follows the spring premiere of “Empire” on Fox. Our critic says “Shots Fired,” above, about police shootings in a North Carolina town, shows “a broad curiosity, one that hears every character out but doesn’t confuse empathy with  . ” And Jimmy Kimmel asked Dave Chappelle why, after 13 years, he decided to release not just one new comedy special, but two. Mr. Chappelle: “Money. ” Have a great night. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
7327,"Treasury, Bank of England and IMF Brexit forecasts proved wrong","Treasury, Bank of England and IMF Brexit forecasts proved wrong Published: October 29, 2016 Source: Express UK 
THE Treasury, Bank of England and International Monetary Fund (IMF) are among the self-appointed anti-Brexit so-called economics experts who keep getting their forecasts WRONG. The IMF were among the institutions that forecast an economic disaster if Britain voted to Brexit 
Establishment institutions, as well as global investment banks, issued united and terrifying warnings of economic disaster if Britain opted out of the European Union (EU), in an effort to sway the public into voting to Remain. 
Yet figures released yesterday showed booming Britain's economy grew by 0.5 per cent in the three months after the vote, providing the crowning piece of unarguable evidence that the vote to leave did not negatively impact the UK. 
The Treasury, under the leadership of George Osborne, had predicted Britain would fall into immediate recession after a Brexit vote, with GDP coming in at -0.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2016. 
But yesterday the Treasury admitted the claim had been based on GUESSWORK which turned out to be wholly ill-informed. 
Despite the rank amateurism and inaccuracy of almost all forecasts since Brexit a negative report on Britain’s economic competence – and since Brexit they have almost ALL been negative – risks serious harm to the welfare of the nation. 
The IMF said Brexit could reduce the UK economy by as much as 9.5 per cent, and added that Britain could expect ""sizeable"" long-term losses in income. 
Head of the IMF Christine Lagarde had the audacity to say she could not see ANYTHING positive to come from leaving the EU and an exit could have ""particularly severe"" consequences. 
Ms Lagarde added that interest rates could also rise sharply in the event of leaving Europe, which would negatively impact on households with high debts.",0
7328,Trump: Polling Machines Are Flipping Votes For Hillary,"  Edmondo Burr in News , US // 2 Comments Donald Trump tweeted on Thursday that voting machines in the U.S. state of Texas have been ‘flipping’ his registered votes to rival Hillary Clinton. 
Sputnik reports: 
The Republican nominee has warned for weeks that the election could be rigged against him. 
“A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas,” Trump said via Twitter. “People are not happy.” 
Trump also noted in his Twitter message that the lines at the polling places are very long. “What is going on?” he asked. A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 27 October 2016 
On Tuesday, Chambers County in east Texas officially announced that it was switching over at least temporarily to the old-fashioned, low-tech system of voting with emergency paper ballots after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Electronic voting using the usual machines would be suspended until the problems with them could be fixed, Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne said in a press release.",0
7329,"When a Muslim in America runs for political office, the ONLY reason he is running is to spread Islam. Period.","BNI Store Oct 26 2016 When a Muslim in America runs for political office, the ONLY reason he is running is to spread Islam. Period. FLORIDA: Mass mailing sent to Temple Terrace homes in the Tampa area questions whether or not a Muslim candidate is fit for office and offers solid reasons why he probably is not. CAIR-Florida City Council candidate Wael Odeh has lived more than three decades in this town of 25,000 straddling the Hillsborough River. Odeh is also a Muslim, born in Palestinian territory, and some believes that’s enough to disqualify him from election to the City Council. An anonymous letter has been mailed to a number of addresses in Temple Terrace questioning whether City Hall is safe with a Muslim working there and whether Odeh has ties to terrorism. The typewritten, single-spaced, one-page letter is dated October 2016. Among a number of questions it poses: “Could Odeh’s election be a foot in the door of Sharia Law’s subtle influence in our community?” Sharia is the detailed system of religious law developed by Muslim scholars in the early centuries of Islam and still in force among fundamentalists. Among other questions raised in the letter are why Odeh has not revealed in campaign mailers where he was born. The letter also questions whether he forces his wife into a subservient role, as do some observers of sharia. In addition, the letter says that designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) endorses Odeh and claims the group has links to terrorism (It does) . In a statement to the Times, CAIR Florida’s government affairs director Laila Abdelaziz said, “This unfounded and slanderous attack on Mr. Odeh is concerning, and we hope Temple Terrace residents, community leaders and neighbors will reject its Islamophobic message.” Still, Temple Terrace City Council member Grant Rimbey said he worries the truth may not matter to a certain block of voters. “That is the sad reality,” Rimbey said. “I think there is racism in the city” and there are people “who want to keep Temple Terrace looking like it did in 1952 forever.” (What “race” is Islam?) Rimbey and Odeh estimate that 20 to 25 percent of Temple Terrace’s population is Muslim. (Now, that really IS disturbing – more Muslim block-busting) Six candidates have applied for two open seats on the council; the two candidates recording the most votes Nov. 8 will fill the positions. Odeh said he invites anyone with questions about Muslims to reach out to him — including the author of the anonymous letter. “If he wanted to learn more, he should have come to me directly.” (He learned everything he needed to know about Muslims on 9/11)",0
7330,Gatlinburg Wildfires Force Evacuations: ‘It Was Like Driving Into Hell’ - The New York Times,"PIGEON FORGE, Tenn.  —   Deadly wildfires ripped through the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains in Tennessee on Monday night and Tuesday, forcing thousands to flee as emergency responders sought to contain a blaze that conjured biblical comparison. “Everywhere you looked, there were fires everywhere. It was like driving into hell,” said Rain Moore, 32, a lieutenant with the Sneedville Fire Department, about an hour and a half away. Mr. Moore said he arrived early Tuesday and, while fighting the fire in the darkness, saw orange flames burning from the center of trees, indicating a strong intensity. Fueled by high winds and a drought in Tennessee, the fires damaged about 150 buildings and forced thousands to evacuate. Three people died and 14 others were injured, officials said Tuesday afternoon. More than 14, 000 people left Gatlinburg, and others were evacuated from nearby Pigeon Forge as well as other parts of Sevier County, in the eastern part of the state, according to the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency. More than 10, 000 people had been left without power in Sevier County. “This is the largest fire in the last hundred years of the state of Tennessee,” Gov. Bill Haslam said on Tuesday afternoon. Dramatic videos shot by residents and shared online showed flames lining the edge of the highways used for evacuations. The fires, the result of human error, started in Great Smoky Mountains National Park and were spread by winds that reached 87 miles per hour on Monday night. Greg Miller, the chief of the Gatlinburg Fire Department, said the authorities expected winds of about 60 m. p. h. overnight Tuesday, but were hopeful that rain would come first. Officials did not say how the three who died were killed. Gatlinburg’s mayor, Mike Werner, was among those who lost his home, he said on Tuesday. He also lost his business of more than three decades. “It’s a devastating time for us and for Gatlinburg,” he said. “But, as I said earlier this morning, we’re strong, we’re resilient and we’re going to make it. ” By early Tuesday evening, a thick,   haze cut visibility in Gatlinburg to only a few city blocks. The fire had hopscotched around the resort town of 3, 900 people and 60, 000 hotel beds, flattening some buildings while leaving others next door or around the block untouched. Emergency vehicles, lights flashing, cruised past   cars and gutted businesses as a city spokeswoman took reporters on a tour of the destruction. The town, located at the base of Great Smoky Mountains National Park about 50 miles from Knoxville, relies heavily on tourism. Pigeon Forge, home to Dolly Parton’s Dollywood theme park, is among the premier tourist destinations in the region. On Twitter, the National Park Service announced that officials had “closed all facilities in the park due to the extensive fire activity, and downed trees. ” Pete Owens, a spokesman for Dollywood, said in a statement that the park had not been damaged but that more than a dozen cabins managed by the company had been damaged or destroyed. Ms. Parton said she was “heartbroken” by the destruction: “I am praying for all the families affected by the fire and the firefighters who are working so hard to keep everyone safe. ” The fires spread through Tennessee as much of the South has been enduring a crippling drought, even though rainfall this week offered some relief. The United States Drought Monitor reported last week that 60 percent of Tennessee was in “exceptional” or “extreme” drought, the two most severe ratings. Wildfires, once a seasonal phenomenon, have become a consistent threat, partly because climate change has resulted in drier winters and warmer springs, which combine to pull moisture off the ground and into the air. The authorities closed Route 321 at the Rocky Top Sports World, barring access into downtown Gatlinburg. About 700 people gathered on Tuesday morning inside the complex’s main building, a   center on the   campus: mountain men with gray beards and canes alongside several people in blue surgical masks. One man was too choked up to talk, his tiny   bull mix shaking inside his battered camouflage jacket. Dozens of Red Cross volunteers and firefighters tended to people who seemed shellshocked. “I got my family, man,” said Greg Lanham, 36, who fled the flames around 8 p. m. Monday with his wife, Kara, 32, and their three children. The family moved from Henderson, Tenn. three months ago. Mr. Lanham, a maintenance worker, and Ms. Lanham, a maid, both worked at Sidney James Mountain Lodge, which survived the fire but remains closed. “We didn’t know what to do,” Mr. Lanham said. “We took what little money we had in our pockets and found a place to stay. ” The family did manage to save their dogs, Gizmo, a Pekingese, and Scruffy, a   Russell mix, along with their kitten, Snowball. Standing at the sports complex’s food counter, where Red Cross volunteers served free coffee, hot dogs, burgers and fries, and boxes of fried chicken, Ms. Lanham joined her family and, crying, told her husband: “It’s gone. It’s all gone. ” “We did lose everything,” Mr. Lanham said. “We got the clothes on our back. ”",0
7331,Syria’s UN Envoy ‘Appalled’ By Rebel Attacks On Civilians In Aleppo,"On Sunday Syrian state media said rebels had used chemical weapons against government-controlled districts of Aleppo. 

RT reports: 
Scores of civilians, including several children, were killed while hundreds of others were wounded in “relentless and indiscriminate” attacks carried out by opposition groups in the western districts of Aleppo, according to the UN statement. 
“Those who argue that this is meant to relieve the siege of eastern Aleppo should be reminded that nothing justifies the use of disproportionate, indiscriminate [attacks,] including heavy weapons on civilian areas and it could amount to war crimes,” de Mistura said. 
He echoed the condemnation voiced by the UN secretary-general regarding the attacks on schools. The special envoy also criticized the “use of heavy airpower on civilian areas.” 
“The civilians of both sides of Aleppo have suffered enough due to futile but lethal attempts of subduing the city of Aleppo,” he said. “They now need and deserve a stable ceasefire covering this ancient city of Syria.” 
Earlier on Sunday, state news agency SANA reported that “shells containing poison gases” had been fired at the residential district of al-Hamdaniya in western, government-held Aleppo. 
RT Arabic’s crew in Aleppo reported 36 cases of suffocation. Al-Mayadeen reported that all the victims of the attack are civilians. 
Just recently, the Russian Defense Ministry reported on a number of attacks in Aleppo that targeted schools and claimed the lives of at least three children in the period of 24 hours. Twelve more people died in an attack on a humanitarian aid corridor opened next to a school in the Al-Mashariq district, according to the ministry’s information. Twelve more people were injured. 
Meanwhile, according to Russia’s Permanent Mission to the United Nations, over 16,000 people have fallen victim to opposition groups meant to be under US control. “From February to September, the opposition groups that are supposed to be under the US control committed 2,031 violations of the [cessation of hostilities], which claimed lives of 3,532 military personnel and 12,800 civilians,” the Mission’s statement, published on the website of the Russian Foreign Ministry, reads. 
According to Dr. Said Sadek, professor of Political Sociology at the American University of Cairo, it’s not likely that Western powers and the Gulf states will end their backing for rebel groups, even if they are found responsible for using chemical weapons in Aleppo. “We have to understand that for six years, the Western countries and the Gulf states invested in those ‘moderate’ or radical groups, and so they cannot abandon them,” Sadek explained. “They cannot pull out now and say, ‘OK we discovered that we are wrong, let’s get out and leave them.’ They have invested in them and they will still use them for bargaining in the future of Syria.”",0
7332,History Is Made: Physicists Prove Einstein’s Theory Was Right 100 Years Later!,"After more than 100 years, an international team of physicists has confirmed that Einstein’s gravitational waves do in fact exist and that he was right all along. This is one of the biggest astrophysical discoveries of the in history. 
Via UsualRoutine 

About one month ago American theoretical physicist, Lawrence Krauss tweeted that the discovery was being peer-reviewed and that we would soon confirm tha light-speed ripples in the Universe actually exist. The gravitational wave signal were first detected by physicists at LIGO on September 14 last year, experts expect that the discovery will win the Nobel Prize.
The discovery confirms Albert Einstein’s 1915 general theory of relativity and opens an unprecedented new window onto the cosmos. This is the first time, scientists have observed ripples in the spacetime theory called gravitational waves, arriving at the earth from a cataclysmic event in the distant universe. And the event that triggered it was likely to have been caused by the final fraction of a second of the merger of two black holes to produce a single, more massive spinning black hole. Physicists say that the two black holes merging had been predicted but never observed.
Credentials provided by Australian Science Media Centre: The LIGO Observatories are funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF), and were conceived, built, and are operated by Caltech and MIT.
The discovery, accepted for publication in the journal Physical Review Letters, was made by the LIGO Scientific Collaboration (which includes the Australian Consortium for Interferometric Gravitational Astronomy (ACIGA) and the GEO600 Collaboration) and the Virgo Collaboration using data from the two LIGO detectors.
Australian scientists from The Australian National University (ANU), the University of Adelaide, The University of Melbourne, the University of Western Australia (UWA), Monash University and Charles Sturt University, contributed to the discovery and helped build some of the super-sensitive instruments used to detect the gravitational waves. source 
",0
7333,"The Soldier Who Wouldn’t Carry A Gun, Eat Meat Or Work On Saturday Is One Of America’s Greatest Hero","Girl Put Aluminum Foil After Washing Her Hair and She Delighted The Best Hairdressers of The World Ξ [November 1, 2016] BLOG The Soldier Who Wouldn’t Carry A Gun, Eat Meat Or Work On Saturday Is One Of America’s Greatest Hero posted by Eddie This is Desmond Doss, the soldier who refused to carry a gun during WWII. He was the first conscientious objector in America’s history to receive the Medal of Honor, the highest award the military gives. To say he wasn’t a typical soldier is putting it way too lightly. Desmond Doss didn’t eat meat, wouldn’t train on Saturdays and adamantly refused to carry a gun. Heck, he wouldn’t even carry a bayonet. But during one of the worst battles of WWII, Doss is credited with saving 75 lives himself. He was a member of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church, and he stuck to its principles — even refusing to train on Saturday, the Sabbath Day in his church. He was working in a shipyard in April, 1942 when he was drafted into military service. Because of his religion and his dedication to pacifism, Doss was registered as a conscientious objector. That meant he wouldn’t be forced to carry a gun. Doss became a medic for the 77th Infantry Division, and made up for taking Saturdays off by working extra hours through the week. Other soldiers found Doss a bit hard to understand, and one of his commanding officers even offered to have him discharged for mental health issues. Doss refused, on the grounds that being religious didn’t make him crazy. He was on the island of Okinawa in 1945 with the rest of the 77th on May 5, when the American military began to lose the battle at the top of a 400-foot ridge. The battle was fierce and fast, with at least 75 men falling in the first few minutes. Most of the American troops fell back as the Japanese soldiers swarmed. One man stayed on the battlefield, refusing to take cover. It was Desmond Doss, treating the dozens of wounded soldiers who had fallen in the first fierce rush of the day’s battle. Shells fired above his head as he worked on the field treating the fallen men. He lowered the wounded one by one down to the base, 35 feet below the ridge, using ropes and a litter he fashioned, all while wounded soldiers left behind on the field of battle shot at the advancing Japanese. This left Doss free to do his work. When he was awarded the Medal of Honor months later for his actions in the battle, Doss was credited with saving 75 lives…even though May 5, 1945 was a Saturday. Doss was badly wounded in the battle. A grenade went off near him, and he was covered with injuries from the shrapnel. Even so, when it was finally his turn to be on a litter, Doss jumped back off because he saw a soldier who looked to be in worse shape than he was. He was hit by enemy fire shortly after he got off the litter, and used a rifle stock to create an improvised splint for his shattered arm. It was the most Doss ever handled a weapon during his service in WWII. He spent the next 5 years in hospitals, having his injuries treated. Doss spent the rest of his life working with the church, mainly in programs involving children and teens. He is one of only two conscientious objectors to receive the Medal of Honor, and his story has recently been immortalized in film. 
Source:",0
7334,"Satanic Temple YES, Ten Commandments NO?","Satanic Temple YES, Ten Commandments NO? October 26, 2016 
A Satanic Temple opens its doors in Massachusetts proud to display their ""religious"" symbols! But removing the Ten Commandments is OK? With up to 50,000 members in chapters around the world, TST has garnered colossal media attention in the last three years. Outside of New England, TST has taken legal action against the placement of edifices of the Ten Commandments in civic settings, including statehouses. The Satanist group has intervened in various school districts to contest prayer or challenge Christian clubs. Salem is headquarters to this Anti Christian group. 
(SALEM,Massachusetts) Horror is not contained to October 31st alone. A controversial Satanic temple has set up its international headquarters in Salem Massachusetts. Just one mile from historic sites where ironically in the 16th century witches were hunted and killed. 
The building is a former funeral home, inaugurated last month by activist Malcolm Jarry, a self-described “secular Jew” who co-founded The Satanic Temple (TST) in 2013. It also houses an art gallery in honor of the heathen idol Baphomet, a “sabbatic goat”. Behind the two-story building, an eight-foot tall statue of Baphomet sits in a plain shed, where visitors can pay to view it. 
With up to 50,000 members in chapters around the world, TST has garnered colossal media attention in the last three years. Chief among Jarry’s causes are marriage equality and women’s reproductive freedom. Any issue related to the government using religion to restrict individual freedom is also likely to engage temple leaders, some of whom staged a 2014 “Black Mass” at Harvard University to push the envelope on religious freedom. 
Outside of New England, TST has taken legal action against the placement of edifices of the Ten Commandments in civic settings , including statehouses. To illustrate how such displays violate religious freedom, the temple has insisted it be allowed to erect goat-headed Baphomet statues in the same locations. TST is also planning to take on some schools’ use of isolation, denial of bathroom access, and corporal punishment of children. For the 49-year-old Jarry, there is not much conflict between being Jewish and a Satanist. As a matter of fact, the two identities have come to inform each other, he said. 
“I see it like Buddhism,” said Jarry. “Satanism is something that can co-exist with being a Jew,” he said. 
In addition to Jarry’s belief that Judaism and Satanism can co-exist, there are parallels with how Judaism and Satanism have been branded by their detractors, he said. 
“The false accusations that have been thrown at Jews historically are similar to what some people say about Satanism,” said Jarry, mentioning accusations of blood libel and — more recently — fabricated allegations that Israel perpetrates genocide against Palestinian children. 
In recent weeks, TST has been in the news for one member’s attempts to deliver a Satanist invocation at Boston City Hall . The opportunity to open meetings with prayers is by invitation only, and only mainstream religions have ever been asked, said Jarry. 
“If the decision is that only we cannot deliver an invocation, then we will sue and we will win,” 
“We expect to be treated in the same manner as all other religions and will sue for all of the same rights,” said Jarry, adding that TST’s campaigns are fueled by “the importance of standing for freedom of expression and against tyrannical authority.” 
According to Salem city officials, only a handful of citizens have expressed concern about the Satanic temple’s arrival to one of New England’s top tourist destinations. TRUNEWS counted about 20 churches in Salem alone, and not one Christian expressed concern? Where is the church? The TST has a clear agenda to stop Christians from evangelizing and in their quest they are winning legal battles to do so. With each Christian symbol taken down or expression of faith being censored, this groups' agenda advances. Again I ask, where is the church? 
Original article by Times of Israel. 
——- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  ",0
7335,Californians Legalize Marijuana in Vote That Could Echo Nationally - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   California, Massachusetts and Nevada legalized marijuana on Tuesday in what advocates said was a reflection of the country’s changing attitude toward the drug. Leading up to the election, recreational marijuana use was legal in four states: Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and Washington, along with Washington, D. C. With the addition of California, Massachusetts and Nevada, the percentage of Americans living in states where marijuana use is legal for adults rose above 20 percent, from 5 percent. Representative Earl Blumenauer, Democrat of Oregon and a supporter of legalization, said Tuesday’s votes would add to the pressure on the federal government to treat cannabis like alcohol, allowing each state to decide on its own regulations. “The new administration is not going to want to continue this toxic and nonproductive war on drugs,” Mr. Blumenauer said. The federal government’s ban on the drug precludes the interstate sale of cannabis, even among the states that have approved its use. But Tuesday’s votes created a marijuana bloc stretching down the West Coast, and Gavin Newsom, the lieutenant governor of California, said he saw an opportunity for the states where recreational marijuana is now legal to “coordinate and collaborate” on the issue, including applying pressure in Washington to relax the federal ban. A Gallup poll in October found nationwide support for legalization at 60 percent, the highest level in the 47 years the organization has tracked the issue. Support is rising even though some public health experts warn that there have been insufficient studies of the drug’s effects and that law enforcement agencies lack reliable tests and protocols to determine whether a driver is impaired by marijuana. Supporters in California portrayed legalization as both a social justice and a criminal justice issue, saying the measure would help redress the disproportionate numbers of arrests and convictions among minorities for drug crimes. “I think of this victory in California as a major victory,” said Lauren Mendelsohn, the chairwoman of the board of directors of Students for Sensible Drug Policy, a group that has campaigned against the government’s war on drugs. “It shows the whole country that prohibition is not the answer to the marijuana question. ” Ms. Mendelsohn spoke at a celebration in Oakland for the passage of Proposition 64, as California’s legalization measure was known. Supporters of legalization in California vastly outspent opponents. As of Nov. 6,   committees in the state had raised around $23 million, according to the California secretary of state’s office. Chief among the backers were marijuana companies and tech entrepreneurs, including Sean Parker, a founder of the   service Napster and a former president of Facebook, who was the single largest donor to the campaign. The   campaign had spent less than $2 million in California. Kevin Sabet, the president of Smart Approaches to Marijuana, one of the country’s major funders against marijuana legalization initiatives, attributed the imbalance in campaign spending to investments by marijuana companies hoping to profit if the industry was legalized. “There’s a lot of money to be made if marijuana is legal, not a lot of money to be made if it remains illegal,” he said. Opponents of legalization say the adoption of medical marijuana laws in more than 25 states has led to a popular perception that cannabis is good for you. They have called for more studies on the drug’s   effects, particularly on the developing brains of young people. “There is likely medical promise in the marijuana plant, but that is different than saying smoked marijuana is medicine,” Mr. Sabet said. “We wouldn’t smoke the opium plant to get the beneficial effects of morphine. ” A bill to legalize marijuana in Vermont, supported by Gov. Peter Shumlin, a Democrat, failed earlier this year. But in Massachusetts, public support for legalization rose during the fall, even with bipartisan opposition from the state’s top elected officials  —   including Gov. Charlie Baker, a Republican, and Attorney General Maura Healey, a Democrat  —   and an organized   campaign. Lawmakers in Rhode Island were watching Massachusetts closely, and they are expected to take up a legalization measure of their own now that one has passed there. Two other states  —   Arizona and Maine  —   were voting on recreational marijuana legalization Tuesday. Arizona voted against the measure. In Maine, a state with a libertarian streak that began decriminalizing marijuana decades ago, the referendum on legalization drew scant funded opposition. Still, proponents of legalization said California would represent the biggest victory because of its huge economy and population and also its fertile soil and amenable climate. Tuesday’s vote reinforced the state’s position as the epicenter of marijuana cultivation for the country, a role it has had illicitly for decades. Marijuana companies have been positioning themselves for the prospect of interstate commerce, buying large plots of land in areas that now grow vegetables and other crops. The California measure, which passed with 56 percent approval, allows people over 21 to possess limited amounts of marijuana for personal use and also permits the personal cultivation of up to six plants in private residences, provided they are shielded from public view. The sale of recreational marijuana will not be allowed until licenses are issued, a process that will take at least two years, said Steve DeAngelo, the founder of Harborside, a medical marijuana dispensary in Oakland. California officials expect additional tax revenue of around $1 billion from marijuana sales. The revenue is earmarked for the study of medical marijuana, for the California Highway Patrol to develop procedures to determine driver impairment due to marijuana consumption, for youth education on drugs, and for the prevention of environmental damage from marijuana production, among other programs. Support for legalization in California cut across all age groups except voters over 65, according to a Field poll released on Friday. Among those older voters, 42 percent were in favor, and 57 percent were against. A large majority of Republicans in the poll, 65 percent, were against the measure, compared with 72 percent support among Democrats. Support has been rising steadily since the 1960s, when only around 10 percent of California adults favored legalization, according to a 1969 Field poll, and legalization was the culmination of decades of campaigning by proponents. A measure to decriminalize marijuana in 1972 was soundly rejected in California, with 66. 5 percent of voters opposed to it. In 1996, California voted to allow medical marijuana. But a 2010 measure to permit recreational use failed. In addition to Tuesday’s votes on recreational marijuana, Arkansas, Florida, Montana and North Dakota had medical marijuana initiatives on the ballot. All four passed the legislation.",0
7336,"Rigged Primary, Media, and Candidate; the American Rigged System","Email 

The excitement over the US election is culminating as the due date is getting closer. Each candidate is trying to use any device at hand to denigrate the other and morality is the last thing to strike the minds of the candidates. The fact of the matter is that morality is a dead circle in the American politics. Hillary Clinton, the democratic candidate, uses f-word in a debate ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/did-hillary-clinton-mutter-donald-trump-debate.html ) watched by hundreds of millions of people around the world and finds no shame in it. Even American religious leaders believe that Clinton is not competent to be the president of a religious country like United States ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/christian-right-leader-hillary-clinton-hostile-biblical-christianity.html ). On the other hand, the GOP candidate, Donald trump , has no better condition. His sexual harassments and violent ideas towards women were shocking not only for female victims, but also for the dominant male group in America. The violent use of words to address different groups of people, mainly in social media ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/as-first-lady-melania-trump-wants-to-save-you-from-her-husband.html ) , made it hard for the parents to allow their kids to follow him. Besides, the number of women that accused Trump of groping and rape ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/list-women-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault.html ) is increasing day by day and the list is running on. The so-called locker-room video of Trump talking dirty about women and his attitude towards them leaked to the public to be the final shot on the republican candidate, but it did not have that much affect. It seems that even grabbing “the women by the p…y” could not change their idea about Trump. 
All these information, some released by the opponent candidate and some by other sources mainly WikiLeaks, seems to have had little significance in the public orientation in choosing a candidate. This has less to do with the people than with the administration system and media empire in the United States. 
The fact that Trump does not talk about a rigged-election for respecting democracy and exercising the law is clear as a truth. His words that “I will accept the result of the election if I were chosen” is more like a joke than the words of a would-be president. What Assange is trying to say in his tweet is that the rig is being done on a higher level than the polls or the voting system. The whole administration and political system is rigged in America and the people will not choose a candidate; they are chosen to choose. This is the truth behind the weird public orientation towards election in spite of all the information released about the corruptions of the two candidates in mass media. The fact that the media and the political system are rigging the election in a latent mode is the key to the question raised about the mysteries of the American election.",0
7337,Airport Security: What’s Behind the Backups - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Long security lines have at times prompted hours of delays at the nation’s airports, generated heated responses from frustrated travelers and led to calls for Congress and the Obama administration to fix the problem. Here are the answers to five questions to help passengers understand why waits are longer at airport security checkpoints. The Transportation Security Administration says the number of passengers has increased nearly 12 percent since 2011, while the number of screeners has declined by 12 percent, to 41, 928 this year from 47, 630 in 2011. The agency attributes the decline to budget cuts, though some Republicans in Congress blame the T. S. A. for cutting the number of screeners in recent years. The T. S. A. tightened security procedures after federal auditors managed to get fake bombs and weapons past screeners, which has also contributed to the long lines. The agency also stopped a program that allowed people who have not signed up for background checks to use expedited security lines. The result: waits of an hour or more at some airports. Last week, Jeh Johnson, the secretary of Homeland Security, announced that the T. S. A. would pay more overtime for screeners, speed up hiring and increase the use of   dogs. Congress has shifted $34 million in the T. S. A. ’s budget to help the agency pay for 768 additional screeners. The agency is also moving   dogs that screen passengers from smaller airports to larger ones. Mr. Johnson urged travelers to sign up for T. S. A.  Precheck, an expedited screening process that allows passengers to keep their shoes on and keep their computers in their bags. Enrollment in the program has fallen short of expectations, exacerbating the longer lines. Yes. Under the T. S. A. ’s Screening Partnership Program, 22 of the approximately 450 commercial airports in the country, including San Francisco International Airport, now use private screeners. Some airport executives and Republicans in Congress have proposed hiring private screeners to replace T. S. A. workers. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates Kennedy International Airport, La Guardia Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport, as well as officials at   International Airport in Atlanta and Douglas International Airport in Charlotte, N. C. say they are considering private security contractors. But some transportation experts point out that airports with private screeners, which must follow T. S. A. procedures, are also experiencing longer waiting times as passenger volume increases. And even if larger airports like the ones in New York and Atlanta moved to switch to private screeners, they could not do so in time to handle the increased summer travel. Senators Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, both Democrats, have called on airlines to help reduce waiting times by waiving fees for checked baggage. “Without charges for checking their bags, passengers will be far less likely to carry them on, which snarls screening checkpoints and slows the inspection process,” they said in a letter to a dozen major airlines. Representative Bennie Thompson, Democrat of Mississippi, has suggested that the agency reassign its behavior detection officers to screening duties. Those officers, many of them former screeners, are trained to look for and identify possible terrorists by studying their behavior. Reports by the Government Accountability Office have questioned the value of the program. Several Republicans have already called the increasing security lines an example of the government’s inability to operate airport security effectively. They say that mismanagement, rather than a shortage of resources, is the real problem. Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah and chairman of the House Oversight Committee, said the T. S. A. was unable to retain its screening work force and that spending extra money at the agency would not fix the problem. Signing up for T. S. A. Pre, the expedited screening program, could help. Otherwise, there is not much passengers can do to end the longer waits. A social media campaign, “I Hate the Wait,” has been started by the airline industry, giving travelers a chance to air their grievances. Passengers have complained to their congressional representatives, who have put pressure on federal officials to act. The T. S. A. has said that in the short term, though, the long lines will probably continue.",0
7338,Duterte: ’Priests Should Use’ Methamphetamine Before Judging Drug War,"Under pressure from Catholic leaders to put an end to a spate of extrajudicial killings against suspected drug criminals, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte insisted that priests and bishops should “use shabu,” the local name for crystal methamphetamine, to “understand” how devastating it is to communities. [“The church really doesn’t understand,” Duterte said during a speech at an event commemorating the anniversary of a local medical center in northern Nueva Ecija province. “They know [the drug problem] they know that it is worst, and yet they say ‘extrajudicial killing,’” he told the audience, with a wag of the finger meant to symbolize the church’s disapproval.  “When a person is high, they really put up a fight. So some priests should take shabu so they understand,” Duterte recommended. “I recommend one or two of the bishops [do it] too. ” “What is really raging in my heart is that you [drug traffickers] are making so many slaves, millions of them, in my country. I could not accept that,” Duterte told the audience. “Honestly, I could not allow that. They are slaves to a chemical and making the people very rich. ” “The killing? It will not stop,” he promised. Duterte also challenged priests on their piety. “We’re the same, with two, three wives. Don’t get me started  —   all the hypocrisy,” Duterte lamented, alluding to his own multiple marriages. The challenge to priests to use methamphetamine, a highly dangerous drug, comes at an unusually friendly moment in relations between the Philippine head of state and the Catholic church. While Duterte himself is Catholic, as is more than 80 percent of his country, he has long been at odds with the Vatican. As a candidate, he prompted criticism for calling Pope Francis the “son of a whore” in a rant about Manila’s traffic woes during the pontiff’s 2015 visit. Duterte subsequently promised to visit the Vatican and personally apologize for the remarks. This week, however, Pope Francis blessed Duterte from afar, receiving envoy Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process Jesus Dureza and blessing the nation of the Philippines before the Vatican moderates peace talks with radical leftist groups in the country. Dureza handed Pope Francis a letter from Duterte, whose contents were private, except for the first page, which conveyed a message of “profound respect. ” Duterte’s call for clergy to use illegal drugs closely followed the exchange with Pope Francis. Priests in the Philippines have begun to loudly protest Duterte’s policies against drug traffickers. “Moral norms are being violated and so now is the time for the Church to speak up,” Jerome Secillano, public affairs chief for the Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines, said this week. Another bishop, Teodoro Bacani, referred to the drug war as a “bringer of death. ” Duterte won the presidency on a campaign promise to eradicate drug abuse from the Philippines, particularly targeting the use of “shabu. ” In 2015, government estimates put the availability of shabu at 90 percent of neighborhoods in Manila, according to a Vice report from that year. Manila estimates that up to four million people are addicted to drugs or involved in the drug trade nationwide. According to the U. S. National Institute of Drug Abuse, use of methamphetamine can trigger “a number of psychotic features, including paranoia, visual and auditory hallucinations, and delusions” that can last for “months” after quitting the drug. The drug also causes “severe structural and functional changes in areas of the brain associated with emotion and memory,” and withdrawal from “shabu” can also trigger violent, erratic behavior. As of January, the Philippine government estimates that more than 6, 000 people have been killed in relation to   operations since Duterte took office, and more than 60 percent of these died as a result of an extrajudicial killing. An excess of one million people have surrendered to police to avoid being killed, and nearly 900 kilograms of “shabu” have been seized in police raids.",0
7339,BREAKING Wikileaks: Abedin’s Computer Confirms HillaryClinton Was Behind Murder of Ambassador Stevens - BIG NUGGET NEWS,"

Dear Mr. Hodges, 
This is to inform you that Wikileaks will soon, or has released Clinton emails which will demonstrate the following: 

Please note that I have covered the ISIS/Lafarge/Clinton connections very prominently in the past year. This is just more confirmation of what I have already covered. 
The above is already appearing on the Internet in several places. It is clear that Putin would be a fool to allow Clinton and her gang of thugs to continue with their plan. Every time Clinton sags in the polls, she starts talking about 9/11. The evidence is beginning to line up that Clinton interests had motive to commit 9/11. No wonder Clinton tries to blame the Russians for everything, she is the main culprit on the world being brought to the precipice of World War III. 
It is a gratifying feeling when the dots start to connect. 
The Aaron Klein Revelations 
Aaron Klein, the Breitbart Bureau Chief for Jerusalem revealed, in a B reitbart publication dated March 1, 2016, revealed that “the email from April 10th, 2011, the State Department employee, Timmy Davis, forwarded an email to the server by Clinton’s aide, Huma Abedin .” Please note that the time of this revelation, Huma Abedin, was not yet a household name. VIDEO: Pizza Hut Employees Caught On Tape Taking Celebratory BONG HITS AT WORK! 
The series of emails will eventually have catastrophic consequences for Ambassador Stevens. “An email containing the whereabouts and plans of murdered U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens passed through Hillary Clinton’s private server, dispatches released Monday in the final group of messages from Clinton’s emails reveal.” 
Below are some examples of the allegations posed by Klein and these are not empty charges as Klein offered as proof, the following emails . 
“A March 27, 2011 email released last year was titled, “Chris Stevens mission.” It divulged: “The current game plan is for Mr. Stevens to move no later than Wednesday from Malta to Benghazi. He will stage offshore initially for a one day visit during which he will have meetings with TNC interlocutors and get a sense of the situation on the ground. The goal of this one day trip is for him to lay the groundwork for a stay of up to 30 days. 
An April 8, 2011 email was forwarded to Clinton revealing the “security situation in Benghazi remains quiet. Chris Stevens & team are in the hotel, moving only for meetings as required.” 
An April 22, 2011 email revealed Stevens was on the road: “I want to let you know about a temporary rotation in Benghazi. TNC Envoy Chris Stevens has been on the road since March 13, when he began his outreach mission, and has been in Benghazi since April 5.” CONVICTED KILLER RELEASED FROM JAIL BY MISTAKE 
An April 24, 2011 email has the exact time of a Stevens meeting: “”Stevens will be meeting with MFA in one hour and will make a written request for better security at the hotel and for better security-related coordination. He still feels comfortable in the hotel. They are looking into the idea of moving into a villa, but that is some way off.” 
If later emails are released, I have no doubt, that we will see that Clinton was transmitting Stevens location up until the time of the attack upon the Benghazi compound and this explains why some of these emails are not being released. However, at some point, they will see the light of day. 
The release of travel information, in any form, is a felony! Remember, the Stevens travel plans are classified and they came from Clinton’s private server. A casual Law and Order fan could make the causal connections between the release of these emails and Stevens death. This is absolute evidence that Clinton not only is guilty of multiple felonies, she is an accomplice to murder! ",0
7340,Trump Jokes That They Should Just Cancel The Election Now.. Guarantees Win,"Take a look: 
It’s not just her policies that are bad — it’s practically everything she says and does . Advertisement - story continues below 
You’ve got to hand it to Trump. As we close in on the general election, and as polls continue to show Trump lagging behind Clinton, he till has a sense of humor about everything. 
Trump’s refusal to give up has carried him this far. He’s proven that he’s in this race to win it regardless of what polls may indicate. He — and the rest of the country — have seen the huge crowds that have come to hear him speak — crowds that dwarf the size of Clinton’s crowds . 
He also knows that the mainstream media, Democrats and establishment Republicans don’t want him to win, and they will do whatever they can to minimize his popularity in an attempt to discourage voters. But those tactics might not be working. 
Ohio, a must-win battleground state for Trump, has seen a drop in jobs because of trade deals. Trump has promised that he would bring jobs back to America if he won the election, and jobs are an issue that many citizens are passionate about. Advertisement - story continues below",0
7341,Canadian Boy Stripped of Bowling Title for Color of Pants - Breitbart,"March 4 (UPI)  —   A    Canadian boy’s bowling team was stripped of its   trophy after tournament organizers disqualified them because his pants didn’t meet the event’s dress code. [Grayson Powell had just bowled the three best games of his life  —   a top game of 171 pins  —   leading his   team to victory in the St. John’s, Newfoundland provincial tournament when the event’s organizer informed his parents the team had been disqualified.  The reason? Powell’s faded gray jeans did not meet the requirement for all participants to wear black pants, the tournament’s organizer and Youth Bowl Canada provincial director Gordon Davis said. Powell’s parents were outraged, the CBC reported. “Parents ruin it for kids,” Grayson’s father Todd Powell said. “If this is what sport is about when it comes to kids   …     shame on them. ” Child stripped of bowling medal after pants found not to be black enough https:  .  @AnthonyGermain @KrissyHolmes pic. twitter.   —   SJ Morning Show (@sjmorningshow) March 1, 2017,  Powell specifically questioned why they weren’t told before the event began that the jeans weren’t black enough to meet the dress code. Another team member’s pants were also deemed inappropriate. The Powells speculated the reason for the disqualification wasn’t merely a dispute over the color of their son’s pants. Powell’s team was on foreign turf, visiting Davis’ home alley, where several teams in the tournament regularly play. As a result of the disqualification, two teams from that alley who had finished second and third were bumped up to first and second. In a lengthy post on Facebook, Davis defended the organization’s decision. He said he was not aware of the child’s attire before the match started and didn’t want to provide further embarrassment by halting the match after it had already begun to announce the decision. Davis said tournament officials were approached by parents of children on other teams who said it wasn’t fair that some children were being allowed to wear jeans while their kids had to wear dress pants. Davis said he told Powell’s coach about the dress code violation while play was happening and said the coach could have made the decision to withdraw and spare the children the ordeal. “Mr. Todd Powell knew full aware [sic] of the dress code and sent his child to Provincials knowing that it was against the rules. There was another bowler on the team also with grey pants on who knew it was against our rules but sent their child anyway! What parent would do this? Was it to see if we would notice it or get away with it? Who knows but they knew it was against our rules,” the group wrote. “During the first game in the latter frames a coach and several parents brought it to my attention and complained that a team had players wearing faded jeans and grey pants. They asked why their players could not wear jeans and other pants too.   …     I was not going to embarrass those kids by stopping play and making a scene. The [coach] should have taken her parents aside and explained to them after she had our ruling about the disqualification. ” The post demanded the Powells apologize for publicly criticizing the volunteers who ran the tournament. Facebook users did not share the sentiment. The comment section of the post includes hundreds of angry responses, demanding Powell’s team be named the winners and given the award.",0
7342,Donald Trump Featured Paula Jones and 2 Other Women Who Accused Bill Clinton of Sexual Assault - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump held a surprise news conference shortly before the second presidential debate on Sunday with three women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault or sexual harassment in the past. A fourth woman who was raped by a man Hillary Clinton defended at trial in 1975 also appeared on the impromptu panel, which Mr. Trump billed as the end of debate preparations and broadcast via Facebook Live.  The four women were Paula Jones, Kathy Shelton, Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey. Here is a brief guide to the accusations each woman has made against Bill and Hillary Clinton. Ms. Jones is a former Arkansas state employee who sued Mr. Clinton for sexual harassment in 1994. She claimed that he exposed himself to her and propositioned her in a hotel room in 1991 when he was governor. Ms. Jones’s lawsuit led to Mr. Clinton’s impeachment in 1998 because it was during a deposition in that case that he first denied having had sexual relations with the White House intern Monica Lewinsky. A federal judge  dismissed the lawsuit in 1998. Ms. Jones appealed that ruling, and the next year Mr. Clinton settled the suit for $850, 000. As part of the settlement, he did not admit to any wrongdoing and did not apologize. On Sunday, Ms. Jones responded angrily to a reporter who asked Mr. Trump if his star power entitled him to grope women without their consent. “Why don’t you ask Bill Clinton that?” she said. “Why don’t you go ask Bill Clinton that? Why don’t you ask Hillary as well?” When she was 12, Ms. Shelton alleged that she had been raped by Thomas Alfred Taylor, a    man. Mrs. Clinton defended Mr. Taylor in his 1975 trial when she was a professor and a lawyer with the University of Arkansas Law School Legal Aid Clinic. In a 2014 CNN interview, Mahlon Gibson, the attorney who prosecuted Mr. Taylor, said that Mrs. Clinton had been assigned the case and tried to get out of defending Mr. Taylor, a request that was denied by the judge, Maupin Cummings. “She got appointed to represent this guy,” Mr. Gibson said. Mrs. Clinton succeeded in getting a plea deal for Mr. Taylor. He was charged with “unlawful fondling of a child under the age of 14” and sentenced to one year in a county jail and four years of probation. In 2014, The Washington Free Beacon published an audio recording in which Mrs. Clinton could be heard chuckling about Mr. Taylor’s case. On Sunday, Ms. Shelton said that “at 12 years old, Hillary put me through something that you would never put a    through” and accused her of “laughing on tape saying she knows they did it. ” In 1999, Ms. Broaddrick, a volunteer in Mr. Clinton’s first gubernatorial campaign, accused him of raping her in an Arkansas hotel room in 1978, recanting an affidavit that she had signed the previous year in which she said the episode had not taken place. She was referenced in Ms. Jones’s sexual harassment lawsuit as Jane Doe No. 5. On Sunday morning, Mr. Trump tweeted a link to an interview Ms. Broaddrick gave to the conservative news website Breitbart in which she repeated her accusations against Mr. Clinton and accused Mrs. Clinton of enabling her husband’s behavior. Ms. Broaddrick repeated her accusations against the Clintons at Mr. Trump’s hastily arranged news conference on Sunday night, defending him against the maelstrom of criticism caused by the release of a recording on which he could be heard talking about women in vulgar sexual terms. “I tweeted recently, and Mr. Trump retweeted it, that actions speak louder than words,” Ms. Broaddrick said. “Mr. Trump may have said some bad words, but Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me. I don’t think there is any comparison. ” Ms. Willey is a former White House volunteer who claimed Mr. Clinton made a “very forceful” sexual advance against her in his office in November 1993 when she met with him to seek a job. On Sunday, Ms. Willey said that she was a supporter of Mr. Trump’s campaign and that she believed in his campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again. ” “And I cried when he said that because I think that this is the greatest country in the world,” she said. “I think that we can do anything. I think we can accomplish anything. I think we can bring peace to this world, and I think Donald Trump can lead us to that point. ”",0
7343,The NRA Just Admitted It Was Always Lying About Obama Confiscating Guns,"  
The NRA has just s tated the obvious – that President Obama does not have the ability to confiscate guns, nor has he ever tried. This statement is an acknowledgment directly from the NRA, after years of warning their members that a Democratic president is going to take away their guns. This debunks the ludicrous “Obama conspiracy” to repeal the Second Amendment and confiscate guns, once and for all. 
The article was featured in NRA magazine, “America’s 1 st Freedom” on June 9 th , in which the author admits that “Congress writes the laws, not the president” and therefore the president does not have the power to repeal the right to bear arms. The piece was written after the author took issue with Obama’s “rude” response to a gun store owner named Rhune, on “gun control,” which is below as follows: 
“First of all, the notion that I or Hillary or Democrats or whoever you want to choose are hell-bent on taking away folks’ guns is just not true. And I don’t care how many times the NRA says it,” declared Obama. 
“I’m about to leave office. There have been more guns sold since I’ve been president than just about any time in U.S. history. There are enough guns for every man, woman and child in this country. And at no point have I ever proposed confiscating guns from responsible gun owners. So it is just not true.” 
The author’s response proves that the NRA has known all along that Dems will not take their guns and now they have publicly admitted it: 
“Congress writes the laws, not the president. He could then have listed the many attacks on the right to bear arms — from Operation Fast and Furious to Operation Choke Point to Obama’s attempted ban on common ammunition for AR-15-type rifles to his using a “pen and phone” to push anti-gun executive actions. But Rhude respectfully stayed silent.” 
Although neither Clinton or Obama have ever claimed they are going to take away guns from law-abiding gun owners, this has been the NRA’s campaign against Democrats for years. The NRA has basically just admitted to blatantly manipulating their members through scare tactics – but it hasn’t stopped them from reviving this tired old conspiracy theory and applying it to Hillary Clinton, who, for the record, does not want to take your guns. 
Indeed, even in the doubtful scenario that Congress and the president agreed to repeal guns, the Supreme Court would veto this as unconstitutional. NRA members need to acknowledge once and for all that a democratic president is not going to seize their firearms and stop listening to the organization that clearly does not have their best interests in mind.",0
7344,‘Long and Genuine’ Hugs: Shooting Victims’ Relatives Recall Obama’s Empathy - The New York Times,"ORLANDO, Fla.  —   It was a wrenching ritual that has become all too familiar for President Obama. One by one on Thursday, inside an arena in downtown Orlando where friends and relatives of the victims of the nation’s deadliest mass shooting had congregated, Mr. Obama embraced mourners sick with loss. He told them that the nation stood with them and that his own heart was broken, offering words of comfort for a tragedy that he confessed he could not fathom. “Their grief is beyond description,” Mr. Obama said after a   meeting with the mourners. “Through their pain and through their tears, they told us about the joy that their loved ones had brought to their lives. ” Behind closed doors, Mr. Obama told the grieving that it was the 15th time during his      tenure that he had had to offer these sorts of condolences after a shooting, according to those who attended. “There were times when he choked up,” said Angelica Jones, a performer at the Pulse nightclub, where a gunman killed 49 people and wounded 53 on Sunday. “And it’s a hard thing to do when you’ve got mothers crying out. He was up to it. ” Mr. Obama has had plenty of practice for this particularly grim task. The settings vary, but the pattern is chillingly constant. Mr. Obama’s armored limousine deposits him at a nondescript building big enough to hold a large number of families whose loved ones have died in a mass shooting somewhere in America. Away from the news cameras that normally track his every interaction, he enters rooms thick with grief and the hushed voices of people in shock. He grasps for words of sympathy, comfort and condolence and offers long, tight embraces that the mourners will remember far more vividly than his words. His visit to Orlando came four days after the massacre. Accompanied by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. the president entered the Amway Center, about two miles from the club, and the two men took turns hugging and grieving with the scores of people who lost sons, daughters, siblings, partners and friends. “Our hearts are broken, too,” Mr. Obama said he told them, after placing 49 white roses at a makeshift memorial nearby to commemorate each of those killed. In an emotional statement to reporters before he returned to Washington, Mr. Obama said the encounters with mourners underscored his determination to change the debate over gun restrictions and enact the sort of measures that might have prevented the tragedy. “As has been true too many times before, I held and hugged grieving family members and parents, and they asked, ‘Why does this keep happening? ’” Mr. Obama said. They pleaded for more to be done to stop the carnage, he said, adding, “Those who defend the easy accessibility of assault weapons should meet these families. ” Beyond politics, the trip was a moment for the president to play the somber official role of consoler in chief. It was also the setting for a deeply personal and private set of encounters in which Mr. Obama, better known for his cool and unruffled temperament, dispenses with the trappings of his office and becomes an emotional father identifying with parents who have lost children. “The president understands that he is a symbol of the country, and when he travels to a community and meets with a family that has endured a terrible tragedy, he’s offering a message of condolence and comfort on behalf of the American people,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday. “But it would be impossible for him to not be personally affected by these kinds of conversations and these kinds of interactions,” he added. In such instances, Mr. Earnest said, the president “draws on his faith. ” As Mr. Obama comforted the mourners, his critics in Washington were blaming him for Sunday’s tragedy. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and his 2008 presidential rival, told reporters on Capitol Hill that Mr. Obama, through his policy decisions, was “directly responsible” for the carnage because he had failed to thwart the rise of the Islamic State. The president has called visits like the one to Orlando among the most difficult duties he performs. Spending time with families who lost young children in the shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. in 2012, was the “hardest day of my presidency,” he said afterward. “And I’ve had some hard days. ” So over and over again on Thursday, the president hugged the mourners tightly, relying on body language almost more than words to convey his support. “He took time to go to each family individually and embrace them, and there was no rush or a sense he wanted to be anywhere else,” said Azsia Finn, a manager at Pulse. “It was embracing, hugging, just very warming. It felt like he cared. ” Amid a blur of sorrow and disbelief, these embraces have stood out to many of the mourners Mr. Obama has met after earlier tragedies. “He hugged each one of us individually  —   and I mean hug, so that I was able to smell his cologne,” said the Rev. Sharon Risher, 57, who lost her mother, Ethel Lance, and two cousins in the shooting in Charleston, S. C. last year, and met privately with Mr. Obama the next week. “It was not a little pat on the back. The intimacy of that hug is what I’ll always remember. ” Mr. Obama takes his time with each family, listening to details that mourners are eager to offer about their lost loved ones. It is at once intimate and awkward he is aware of how disorienting it is for people to be meeting the president of the United States at the worst moment of their lives. Many of them forget they are talking to the president. At a high school in Newtown, Conn. in 2012, Mark Barden, whose    son, Daniel, was among the 26 killed at Sandy Hook two days earlier, decided, in what he now calls a fog of shock and trauma, to lecture Mr. Obama on the importance of spending time with his children. “He looked me in the eyes and said, ‘I’m coming from a recital right now,’ ” Mr. Barden said in an interview, adding that he now finds the episode “horrendously embarrassing. ” But Mr. Obama could relate, he said. “He was looking at this 100 percent as a father,” Mr. Barden said. “He feels it in his heart as a human being, and it transcends his role as the leader of our country. ” Roxanna Green  —   whose    daughter,   Green, was one of six people killed in a 2011 shooting in a supermarket parking lot in Tucson where Representative Gabrielle Giffords was holding an event  —   said she had campaigned for Mr. Obama with her daughter and mother and had often dreamed of meeting him. “But you never want to receive a visit like that from anybody,” Ms. Green, 50, said in an interview. “He said she was a beautiful girl, and he’s so sorry, and it was just a horrible loss, and his girls are about the same age,” she recalled.",0
7345,Russian criminal tattoos now in porcelain - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
Valeria Monis makes unique ceramics, decorated with patterns based on Russian criminal tattoos. 
Scroll down to see more VALERIA MONIS Artist Valeria Monis now lives in Israel and is working on a series of porcelain, decorated with patterns based on Russian criminal tattoos. / The cat is the symbol of a successful thief. On the forearm or shoulder it symbolises a “native occupant of prison,” on the legs it means “convicted for robbery” or “convicted for life.” VALERIA MONIS 
The pattern is painted on dishes and vases. The series is called “From Russia with Love.” / Tattoos of crosses, churches, the Virgin Mary are reserved for the chest, the most significant part, and the back. VALERIA MONIS 
“In Russian prisons, tattoos serve as a unique language of symbols that represent the prisoner’s personal life stories. The rules for reading them are passed on by oral tradition.” / The text reads: “I call you, I miss you, I’ll drink you drop by drop, my love.” A tattoo worn by lesbians, it was widespread in 1970s-80s. VALERIA MONIS Valeria Monis: “Each ceramic piece is designed, crafted, and illustrated 100% by hand, incorporating illustrations taken from The Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopedia by Danzig Baldaev.” / Tattoos of crosses, churches, the Virgin Mary are reserved for the chest, the most significant part, and the back. VALERIA MONIS 
Tattoos confer a criminal’s identity; they are a seal of social standing and a repository of collective memory. In the criminal world, no tattoos means no status. / A female thief’s tattoo. The number of domes symbolises the amount of convictions or number of years served. VALERIA MONIS 
A humorous tattoo typical for collective labor camps, commonly called “Misha the accordion player.” VALERIA MONIS 
This rare tattoo belonged to an old thief named Shulga, whose left hand was missing. He was repeatedly convicted and well-known. VALERIA MONIS 
Women’s tattoo symbolising the loss of freedom and loving parents, an unhappy fate, the burden of loneliness or the disappointment of life. VALERIA MONIS 
The text reads: “Winged Russia is the queen of planet Earth.” Related ",0
7346,Texas Cop Survives New Year’s Day Ambush,"A central Texas police officer is lucky to be alive after he was shot in the back in what was described as a New Year’s Day   attack. The officer’s life was saved by his ballistic vest. [Calvert Police Officer Stephen Magnes, one of seven in the small town of Calvert, was giving a woman a courtesy ride home early in the morning of January 1, according to a police statement obtained by The Eagle newspaper in   Station. When he arrived at the destination and got out of his car to let the woman out, he was immediately shot in the back.  The suspect, identified later as    Petrick Leshane Jones, fired multiple shots at Officer Magnes —  striking the officer one time. Police reports did not indicate if Officer Magnes returned fire. Jones was taken into custody and is reportedly cooperating with police investigators, the local newspaper stated. Investigators said the ballistic vest likely saved the officer from serious injury or death. The officer was taken to a hospital in nearby Bryan, Texas. He was released after an examination. Magnes thanked   on his Facebook page for their words of support and prayers. His father, Robert Magnes, wrote on Facebook that his son was doing well and was resting at home. He said his son was sore and bruised from the attack. His post stated, “This was not the call we wanted for the New Year. Thankfully God was watching over my son and (he) is alright. He was wearing his vest and the bullet did not penetrate it. ” In a reply to a   the senior Magnes wrote, “He said it was like Mike Tyson let loose on him. ” The attack is being investigated by the Robertson County Sheriff’s Office and Texas Rangers. No motive for the shooting has been released at this time, but Jones is said to be cooperating with detectives. A local television station, KBTX CBS3, called the attack an “ambush. ” Calvert, Texas, is a town of roughly 1, 100 people and is located about 30 miles northwest of Bryan on Highway 6. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
7347,How to Save Money (and Hassles) on Your Black Friday Shopping - The New York Times,"If the idea of Black Friday shopping gives you the blues, cheer up. A few innovative approaches can help you find lower prices without having to camp outside a big box store. Joanie Demer, a   of thekrazycouponlady. com, recommended going to websites such as raise. com and giftcardgranny. com to buy discounted gift cards, a strategy that works  . Savings average from 8 to 12 percent. “It’s not a ton, but it adds up,” she said in an interview. Instead of buying a gift card before shopping, add up your purchases in the store and use an app from the site to download the amount you need. This will help curb overspending, she said. People who do all of their holiday shopping on the Friday after Thanksgiving are not getting the best deals, Ms. Demer said. The sweet spot for the best bargains is Dec.   but, she warned, shopping from Dec. 19 onward is not good because retailers know you are desperate, and they are less likely to cut prices. She added that 95 percent of the Black Friday bargains to be found in    stores  —   with the exception of “doorbusters,” those deeply discounted items intended to draw shoppers in  —   can be found online. If you are not keen on crowds, shop online. The week before Black Friday, fill your virtual shopping cart with merchandise, then log out of your account  —   don’t just close your tab but fully log out of the site  —   said Kyle James, the founder of   . com. “By doing so, in many cases, it will trigger an automated coupon sent to your inbox pleading for you to come back and complete your purchase with the coupon,” Mr. James said in an email. The coupon offers may be for free shipping or discounts of up to 20 percent off a purchase, he said. “It’s a   way to get a deal. ” Sometimes getting a price break can be as simple as asking. Activate the live chat feature that many online retailers have and politely ask for a coupon for free shipping or a percentage off your purchase. “These live chat operators are trained to see this person has stuff in their cart and they’re prepared to make a purchase  —   let’s throw them a bone,” Mr. James said in a telephone interview. Doorbuster merchandise is usually in such limited supply that only the most dedicated shoppers  —   those who camp outside the store to be the first ones in at opening hour  —   will get what they want. The remaining shoppers become a “captive audience, and now they’ll go out and buy a bunch of stuff at near full price or full price,” Mr. James said. Many of those people will turn around and sell the heavily discounted items on eBay, he said. Because they are looking to turn a profit quickly, their markups will be modest. Downloading the Amazon app can be a useful way to compare prices in stores against the online retail giant. “It’s a good tool to make sure you’re not making a stupid purchase,” Ms. Demer said. Many big box stores will match a lower Amazon price if you present proof of the lower price at the customer service desk. That rule is in place   but many stores make an exception for Black Friday. Dick’s Sporting Goods and Bed Bath  Beyond are among the few retailers who will still honor the price match on Black Friday, she said. Skip the shopping cart, because navigating crowded store aisles with one will only prolong your visit, Ms. Demer said. She recommended taking an oversize reusable shopping bag instead. It’s also best to avoid bringing your spouse and children to the store, she said. “The more people you bring, the more money you’re going to spend and the more angry you’re going to become,” she said. “Chaos and impulse buying, it’s all much worse. ”",0
7348,Bill Cosby Spokesman to Gloria Allred: ’Go Back to Law School’ - Breitbart,"Saturday after Montgomery County, PA Judge Steven O’Neill declared a mistrial in the Bill Cosby criminal rape case, Cosby’s spokesman Andrew Wyatt took aim at Gloria Allred, the lawyer for 33 of Cosby’s accusers.  Speaking to reporters outside of the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, PA, Wyatt first quoted Huey P. Newton, the founder of the Black Panther Party. “In the words of Huey P. Newton, power is the ability to define phenomenon, making it act in a designed manner,” he said. After that, he offered Allred and attorneys “who conspired” advice. “For all those attorneys, who conspired like Gloria Allred, tell them to go back to law school and take another class,” Wyatt added. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
7349,"Trump Calls Press ‘Dishonest,’ Then Utters Falsehoods of His Own - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump took aim at reporters on Thursday for more than an hour at an impromptu White House news conference. “The press has become so dishonest,” he said, and not talking about it would be “doing a tremendous disservice to the American people. ” He added that the “level of dishonesty is out of control. ” In accusing the news media, though, Mr. Trump uttered several falsehoods of his own. Here is a list of some of the most important. Mr. Trump won 306 Electoral College votes (and ended up with 304 officially) well above the threshold needed to secure the presidency but well behind several of his most recent predecessors. President Barack Obama won 332 Electoral College votes in 2012 and 365 four years earlier. President Bill Clinton received 370 Electoral College votes in 1992 and 379 in 1996. And President George Bush won 426 Electoral College votes in 1988. When a reporter pressed Mr. Trump on the claim, he laid the blame elsewhere. “I was given that information,” he said. Mr. Trump said the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which upheld a temporary restraining order on his targeted travel ban, was “in chaos. ” There is no evidence of that. The decision by the Ninth Circuit’s   panel in the travel ban case was unanimous. Mr. Trump also claimed that the court was “a circuit that has been overturned at a record number. ” He was apparently referring to the Ninth Circuit’s reversal rate, which the president cited correctly: “I find that hard to believe, that is just a number I heard, that they are overturned 80 percent of the time. ” PolitiFact found that of the cases the Supreme Court took up from the Ninth Circuit, about 79 percent were reversed from 2010 to 2015. But that was not the highest rate among the nation’s 13 appeals courts. The Sixth Circuit (87 percent) and 11th Circuit (85 percent) each had a greater percentage of reviewed decisions reversed. For all appellate court cases in that period, the Supreme Court reversed decisions about 70 percent of the time. By most definitions, the economy is not a mess, nor is it in recession. The unemployment rate in January was 4. 8 percent, compared with 7. 8 percent in January 2009, when Mr. Obama took office. Last month, the economy added 227, 000 jobs, even though the unemployment rate is already low. The number of people filing new claims for jobless benefits continues to hit lows not seen in decades. Other measures suggest the same thing, as our colleagues at The Upshot report: The economy seems to be taking off. Mr. Trump correctly cited the daily presidential tracking poll by Rasmussen. But the poll is an outlier, giving Mr. Trump an approval rating several points higher than others in the field. Real Clear Politics’ average of approval ratings finds that 44. 6 percent of Americans approve of the job Mr. Trump is doing, compared with 50. 3 percent who disapprove. Gallup’s daily job approval tracker puts Mr. Trump’s approval rating at 40 percent, the lowest since he has taken office, and disapproval at 54 percent.   percent of respondents to a Pew Research Center poll released on Tuesday approve of Mr. Trump’s performance, while 56 percent disapproved. The claim is not a new one for Mr. Trump, and has been fodder for fact checkers since September. Behind it is the purchase by Russia’s nuclear power agency of a controlling interest in a   company that has assets in the United States, including mills, mines and land used for producing uranium. Mr. Trump’s claim is incorrect on at least two points. First, the company’s American assets were equal to 20 percent of the country’s uranium production capacity  —   not its produced uranium, as Mr. Trump suggested. Second, Mrs. Clinton was not in a position to approve of or reject the deal herself as secretary of state. Though the State Department did sign off on it, so did eight other federal agencies. It is unclear whether Mrs. Clinton was briefed about or weighed in on the State Department’s decision. Mr. Trump’s instinct to hedge on the news media’s approval rating was right. The news media does not enjoy a great reputation among Americans, according to a variety of polls in recent years, but Congress fares worse. Gallup’s annual poll of Americans’ confidence in their institutions, the most authoritative on the matter, found that as of June 2016, just 21 percent of Americans had a “great deal” or “quite a lot” of confidence in television news and only 20 percent in newspapers. Congress, by comparison, inspired confidence in just 9 percent. There is evidence that Congress’s approval rating is on the rise in Gallup’s polling, but there is not more recent data comparing the institutions. Mr. Trump went on to say that aside from a federal district judge’s decision to temporarily halt the ban, its rollout had been “perfect. ” By most measures, that is far from true. The order’s announcement and speedy implementation created chaos across the country and around the world. Travelers already in transit were stranded, protests erupted in the United States, and green card holders were initially blocked from   the country before being allowed back in. Several additional judges challenged various aspects of the measure. Even senior Republicans who agreed with the order’s goals said it had been “poorly implemented” and had sown confusion by being “overly broad. ”",0
7350,CrossTalk: Bullhorns Electioneering!,"1 Comment on ""CrossTalk: Bullhorns Electioneering!"" Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. TooLegit2Quit",0
7351,Barcelona: Police Open Fire on Stolen Gas Truck Speeding Wrong Way Down Street,"MADRID (AP)  —   Police in Barcelona fired gunshots Tuesday to stop a man who stole a butane gas truck and drove it at high speed against traffic on a city highway, ramming several cars along the way, a police spokeswoman said. Authorities ruled out terrorism as a motive. [advertisement",0
7352,A ‘World Unto Itself’ in New York Area Yeshivas: Floor Hockey - The New York Times,"In the basement of a mammoth old building in Upper Manhattan that houses the Yeshiva University High School for Boys sits a cramped gym that is home to the high school’s floor hockey team, known as the Lions. The school calls the gym the Lions’ Den, but many visitors call it the Dungeon and liken playing there to playing hockey inside a box. Games are raucous affairs with rough play and frenzied fans squeezed onto the narrow bleachers at one end, between the squads of panting players. Several miles away, in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx, is the comparatively luxurious indoor rink at the Salanter Akiba Riverdale High School, known as S. A. R. With its sturdy boards and rounded sides, the rink resembles a real ice hockey surface. Its scoreboard is flanked by American and Israeli flags. Between these two extremes exists the   but thriving world of interscholastic floor hockey at yeshiva high schools in New York City and surrounding towns. The game in these Orthodox Jewish private schools stretches back at least to the late 1970s, but in recent years, it has grown enormously popular. The championship match can fill an arena with as many as 1, 000 fans, with more people watching live online. Players in elementary grades at Jewish schools now set their sights on yeshivas with the most powerful hockey programs. “Outside the Orthodox community, this is a foreign thing,” said Amir Gavarin, 22, a former floor hockey league player. “But inside, it’s a whole world unto itself, and supercompetitive. ” The teams play in the Metropolitan Yeshiva High School Hockey League, which includes 18 varsity and 15 junior varsity teams for boys. There are also 12 girls’ teams, which play in the spring season. The game is similar to ice hockey, but played on foot on a gym floor with a hard orange ball and   squads made up of a goalie and four roaming players. Goalies wear full padding, but the other players wear sweatpants, jerseys and helmets with face masks. Under the jersey, some players wear a tallit katan, a religious garment with knotted fringes, or zizit. Blatant body checking is banned, but there is plenty of contact. The teams play mostly in conventional gyms set up with temporary barriers. Orthodox youngsters are often introduced to the game in summer camp or by friends from their synagogue, and end up playing in one of the many youth leagues that have cropped up in Orthodox neighborhoods, before joining teams in middle school. “In some New Jersey yeshivas, floor hockey is more popular than basketball,” said Yoni Stone, the varsity coach at the Yeshiva University High School for Boys. “Forget high school  —   every single day school has a team, and the kids start in the youth leagues. ” Players, abiding by their religious tenets, use the sport as an outlet between long hours spent studying Judaic texts and other subjects. Since they observe the Sabbath, there is no play on Friday evenings or Saturdays before sundown. The season runs from late October through March. On a weeknight last month, the Lions made their dramatic pregame entrance to blaring rock music. They were there to take on the Cobras from the Rae Kushner Yeshiva High School in Livingston, N. J. a school financed by the family of Jared Kushner, the    of   Donald J. Trump. Mr. Kushner himself was proficient at the sport, having played for the Frisch School in Paramus, N. J. when he was a teenager. The Cobras wound up beating the Lions, a fatiguing feat since the ball rarely escapes the playing area, making for almost nonstop action. Each game has three periods, with each period lasting 12 minutes. In fact, the team from the Ramaz School on Manhattan’s Upper East Side prepared to play at the Lions’ gym by having one of its players, a senior training to enter the Israeli Army, put his teammates through rigorous military exercises. The Ramaz School holds games in a modern, brightly lit gym that is a far cry from the Lions’ Den. One night last month, the Rams of Ramaz took on the visiting Thunder from the Rav Teitz Mesivta Academy, or R. T. M. A. from Elizabeth, N. J. and won the game in   overtime, prompting a celebratory mob of Ramaz players. At certain powerhouses, hockey is perhaps the most prominent sport, and rivalries have developed between neighboring yeshivas. In Brooklyn, the games can be particularly intense whenever the Magen David Yeshivah or the Yeshivah of Flatbush, both in Midwood, or the Yeshivat Darche Eres in Sheepshead Bay, face off. “They’re seeing all these kids in synagogue the next day, so that creates a certain competitiveness,” Mr. Stone said. When rivals in the Five Towns section of Long Island play, “the whole town shuts down” for games that can attract hundreds of spectators, said David Kolb, a hockey writer for MSG Networks and the operator of Camp Dovid, a summer hockey camp in Pennsylvania where campers wear the names of their yeshivas on their jerseys. Two top teams in the Five Towns  —   the Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns and Rockaway and the D. R. S. Yeshiva High School for Boys  —   have nurtured a   rivalry. And in the league final in 2014, when the Hebrew Academy finally avenged years of losses with a victory, “you would have thought the messiah had come,” said Seth Gordon, the hockey commissioner for the Metropolitan Yeshiva High School Athletic League. “Some of these rivalries start in elementary school, with the seeds planted when these kids are in sixth grade,” Mr. Gordon said. Though the sport has drawn a loyal and passionate following, the athletes are ultimately religious students who are urged to put their spiritual priorities before their athletic ones. “It’s common with the Jewish identity that we can’t do certain things because of the boundaries of observant Jewish life, so we create our own parameters and do it to the fullest,” Mr. Gavarin said. Mayer Schiller, a Hasidic rabbi who in the 1990s coached Yeshiva University High School to six consecutive league championships, is recognized as the progenitor of the yeshiva floor hockey scene. He was hard to miss, since he coached wearing his black hat and coat. Rabbi Schiller, 65, still an avid fan of rock, pop and punk music, established the now popular tradition of having players enter the gym to loud music. The rabbi’s choice: the Ramones. He grew up playing roller hockey in Queens. In the late 1970s, with New York’s professional basketball teams sagging, students began rooting for two local hockey teams, the Rangers and the Islanders, Rabbi Schiller recalled. Rabbi Schiller was a devout Rangers fan who was particularly fond of the raucous play of Nick Fotiu, a native of Staten Island who became a brawler for the Rangers. The rabbi formed a team at the Ramaz School in 1979, and helped organize a fledgling yeshiva hockey league with a   teams that grew significantly over the years. He regarded coaching as a form of spiritual service and striving at sports as a complement to studying sacred texts and worshiping God. “If God didn’t mean for this greatness to exist, why did he give us Gretzky and Jordan?” Rabbi Schiller said. On a recent weeknight, the S. A. R. team  —   which includes Mr. Kolb’s two sons, Gordie and Henri  —   was put through   drills and scrimmaging by its longtime head coach, Howie Falkenstein. Mr. Falkenstein also runs a hockey program at the Westchester Summer Day camp in Mamaroneck, N. Y. and a league in the Bronx that attracts players from across the region. Its youngest level is the Mites division, which is open to first and second graders. Mr. Falkenstein was getting his team ready for its game against the Frisch School and had players practicing penalty shots. Gordie, the S. A. R. Sting’s captain, deftly scored on his brother, a goalie, prompting a chorus of hoots from teammates. S. A. R. wound up beating Frisch, solidifying its status as one of the league’s top teams. “It’s definitely its own niche, but it’s still hockey and it has the team camaraderie that people are looking for,” Mr. Falkenstein said. “It has the same excitement when you score a goal or make a save. ”",0
7353,Ronald Perelman Donates $75 Million for Arts Complex at World Trade Center Site - The New York Times,"Less than a year since he stepped down as the chairman of Carnegie Hall after clashing with its staff, Ronald O. Perelman, the billionaire businessman, announced Wednesday that he was donating $75 million to revive plans to build a performing arts center at the World Trade Center site. His donation immediately catapulted the   performing arts center, one of the last major pieces of unfinished business at the World Trade Center site, from aspirational to achievable and places him among a new generation of power brokers and billionaires who are reshaping  —   and renaming  —   the cultural infrastructure of New York. In recognition of his gift, the new theater complex, which will sit on one of the most emotionally resonant and most visited spots in the city, will be named for Mr. Perelman. “I think that this is a project that must happen,” Mr. Perelman said in an interview, adding that he had been drawn to it by the vision of the role that art could play at the site of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and in the continuing rebuilding of the area. “It is more than just a pure artistic center to serve a community. It is that, but at the same time it’s much more than that. ” In the last few years, the city’s wealthy elite have chiseled their names into some of the city’s most iconic cultural institutions  —   or sought to build their own. The New York Public Library’s main branch on Fifth Avenue has been renamed for Stephen A. Schwarzman, the old New York State Theater for David H. Koch and Avery Fisher (nee Philharmonic) Hall at Lincoln Center for David Geffen. The new Perelman center is also joining several other projects that are being planned, including Culture Shed, a performance space at the Hudson Yards on the West Side, and a new park on Pier 55 near 14th Street with three outdoor spaces underwritten by the billionaire Barry Diller. Some arts executives have questioned whether the city had the audiences and donor base to sustain so many new cultural spaces. But culture has long been envisioned as a key part of the rebuilt World Trade Center and was an important feature of the architect Daniel Libeskind’s 2003 master plan for the site. The performing arts center was placed on the back burner, though, as officials wrangled over the many other thorny issues involved in redevelopment. Groups including the old New York City Opera, the Signature Theater Company and the Joyce Theater all explored anchoring the new complex, but nothing came of it. The architect Frank Gehry was hired to design it, then his design was shelved. The project, which was championed by the Bloomberg administration and eagerly sought by downtown residents, was kept alive through the administrations of four governors and two mayors. The seeds of Mr. Perelman’s involvement were planted a decade ago when Michael R. Bloomberg, who was the mayor, became the chairman of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum to restore confidence in the project, which had gone off track. Mr. Bloomberg recalled in an interview that one of the first donors he turned to was Mr. Perelman, who quickly agreed to donate $5 million to the museum project. Mr. Perelman stayed involved, expressing enthusiasm for the idea of a performing arts center at the site, and, as the project finally took shape recently, he agreed to make the lead gift. “Perelman’s a funny guy  —   if he’s interested in the institution and its mission, he’s a very easy sell,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “There have been times I had to sell him when he didn’t care very much, and that took a little more work. ” The backers of the new Perelman center downtown see it as filling an important niche for a midsize theater that can accommodate the kinds of multidisciplinary works many artists experiment with today. The complex, which is being designed by REX, a   architecture firm, is to include three flexible, technologically advanced theaters that can individually seat 499 people, 299 people and 100 people, and which can be combined into one space that can accommodate 1, 200. The plan calls for the center to present or produce dance, concerts, new or early chamber opera, and theater, and to become the main venue of the Tribeca Film Festival each April. The performance plans have yet to come fully into focus: David Lan, the artistic director at the Young Vic in London, did a stint as its temporary artistic director, and Jenny Gersten, a former executive director of Friends of the High Line and artistic director of the Williamstown Theater Festival in Massachusetts, is a producing consultant. But the presence of Mr. Perelman, a   businessman who is known to favor a   approach with groups that he supports, suggests that there will be a powerful, wealthy patron pushing for it to succeed. Mr. Perelman left Carnegie after spending less than a year as its chairman after clashing with its staff and other board members  —   and before making an additional donation to the hall that had been expected to be in the $30 million range. He said in the interview that his support of the new performing arts center was unrelated to his departure from Carnegie and that he probably would have made the donation to support the new complex in any case. With Mr. Perelman’s donation, the project is now well on its way to covering its estimated $240 million price tag, said Maggie Boepple, the center’s president and director. The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation committed $100 million in federal funds awarded after the Sept. 11 attacks for the project’s design, construction and administrative costs. “Ronald’s gift is going to open the doors,” Ms. Boepple said. “We have some other donors in the wings. ” Mr. Perelman, who raised eyebrows with his call to stage more pop music at Carnegie Hall, said that he envisioned attracting a wide variety of artists. “I would hope it is the first venue of choice for the Bruce Springsteens and the Bon Jovis and the   Mas and the Lang Langs, and at the same time it’s a place where we could have produced a “Hamilton” project or where we could produce a new ballet,” he said. He added that he was excited by the technological possibilities of the plans, which call for adding   streaming capabilities that will allow the center to capture and disseminate performances in a much more immersive, sophisticated way than is done at most theaters. Mr. Perelman said that he had been particularly taken by the designs of the architect, Joshua   who was formerly a partner of Rem Koolhaas, and recalled a recent meeting in which they went over the renderings of the complex, which have not yet been publicly released, and then discussed the technological possibilities with Nicholas Negroponte, a founder of the MIT Media Lab, who had been visiting Mr. Perelman on other business. The news that the performing arts center finally had a lead gift, and was likely to get built, is sure to cheer downtown residents who have long seen it as a priority, said Catherine McVay Hughes, the chairwoman of Community Board 1. “The community that stayed was steadfast in supporting a cultural component,” she said. “It was important that something alive gets created here, right here, at the World Trade Center site. ”",0
7354,A Day When Fashion and Tragedy Continue to Intersect - The New York Times,"Sunday morning, officially the fourth day of New York Fashion Week and one scheduled with    shows from some of the   designers, started on a somber note. It was Sept. 11. At the Victoria Beckham show  —   held downtown not far from where many, including two presidential candidates, were gathering at National September 11 Memorial  Museum  —   attendees observed the two moments of silence before the first model walked the runway. It was part of a formal recognition of how, every year, Sept. 11 falls somewhere on the New York Fashion Week calendar and how, for 15 years, designers and attendees have struggled with how to mark that day in an appropriate way. This year, for the first time, the Council of Fashion Designers of America blocked off the 9 a. m. time slot on the Fashion Calendar  —   roughly the time the planes hit the Twin Towers  —   in acknowledgment, and donated $15, 000 to the Sept. 11 museum. “We lived it, saw it, smelled it and refused to be defeated,” Diane von Furstenberg wrote in an email, referring to New Yorkers who were in the city on that day. Ms. von Furstenberg, the chairwoman of the C. F. D. A. board, also noted the resilience: “We are not victims. We built a better building, an entire neighborhood. We are proud but we don’t forget. Living fully is the only way to honor those who perished on that terrible day 15 years ago. ” In fact, in 2001, the World Trade Center was hit by the terrorist attacks just as that day’s fashion shows were about to start in Bryant Park. At the time, the tragedy was met with confusion and uncertainty. “I remember thinking, ‘What’s happening with fashion week? Am I going to sneak in? ’” said Humberto Leon, who had not yet founded Opening Ceremony and was still a fashion hopeful. “You just didn’t know what was happening. I remember saying to somebody, ‘No, nobody’s going to have their show. ’” Within hours, fashion week had been suspended, many shows canceled. Vogue and Carolina Herrera joined forces to offer some of the younger, fledgling brands the opportunity to show later, at Ms. Herrera’s showroom. This year, throughout the day, front row chatter kept to the usual fashion week banter, about weather and logistics, but designers made acknowledgments in their show notes and programs, even if not aloud. “We have to,” said Sander Lak, the designer of Sies Marjan. “We can’t deny the fact that this is the 15th anniversary. ” He is a recent arrival to New York, unlike many others on the fashion week calendar who were living or working in the city in 2001. As a “new New Yorker,” he said, he wanted to pay tribute to the occasion but did not think the shows should have been paused for the day. “I think you should continue,” he said. “We should celebrate life, and beauty hopefully  —   the joys of making things. ” Joseph Altuzarra, who had just come to the United States from Paris to attend Swarthmore College in the fall of 2001, said he felt conflicted at his show at 5 p. m. “In a way, I think it’s a great message of rebuilding and going forward,” he said. “It’s also obviously a very sad day. It was really important for me in the program to address it. I feel dual emotions. It’s sort of how I felt when I was watching the ceremony this morning. It’s obviously incredibly sad, and there’s a sort of positivity also that you hear about rebuilding. ” That message was echoed by Mr. Leon and Carol Lim of Opening Ceremony, who closed the day with an 8 p. m. show that was also a political pageant, urging action and optimism. “We were actually excited,” Mr. Leon said of the overlap. “It made sense. We’re doing a very celebratory act to commemorate it. ”",0
7355,Smart Meter Case Testimony Before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission: What No One Wants to Acknowledge About EMF Damage (Part 3 of 4),By Catherine J. Frompovich This is the continuation of the testimony I will present before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court November 2... ,0
7356,"1 Patient, 7 Tumors and 100 Billion Cells Equal 1 Striking Recovery - The New York Times","The remarkable recovery of a woman with advanced colon cancer, after treatment with cells from her own immune system, may lead to new options for thousands of other patients with colon or pancreatic cancer, researchers are reporting. Her treatment was the first to successfully target a common cancer mutation that scientists have tried to attack for decades. Until now, that mutation has been bulletproof, so resistant to every attempt at treatment that scientists have described it as “undruggable. ” An article about the case, from a team led by Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg, chief of surgery at the National Cancer Institute, was published on Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine. The patient, Celine Ryan, 50, an engineer, database programmer and the mother of five, has an unusual genetic makeup that allowed the treatment to work. She is now   though not considered cured. The treatment was a form of immunotherapy, which enlists a patient’s immune system to fight disease. The field is revolutionizing cancer treatment. An experiment on one patient cannot determine whether a treatment will be effective in others, but doctors said the results had the potential to help more people. “It has huge implications,” Dr. Carl H. June, from the University of Pennsylvania, said in an interview. He was not part of the study, but wrote an editorial accompanying it in the journal. Dr. June said the research was the first successful targeting of a defect in a gene called KRAS, and is important because mutations in the gene are so common. “Every single pancreatic cancer patient has KRAS,” Dr. June said, adding that the pharmaceutical industry has spent billions trying unsuccessfully to target KRAS. Still, he said, the big question is whether this case is “one in a million, or something that can be replicated and built upon?” About 53, 000 cases of pancreatic cancer are expected in the United States this year, and nearly 42, 000 deaths. It is one of the deadliest cancers fewer than 10 percent of patients survive five years. Worldwide, it killed about 330, 000 people in 2012, the most recent year with global statistics available. From 30 to 50 percent of colorectal cancers have KRAS mutations, too, and about 13 percent have the same mutation that Ms. Ryan has. In the United States, about 95, 000 cases of colon cancer and 39, 000 cases of rectal cancer are expected in 2016, and 49, 000 deaths from the two forms combined. Globally, there were 1. 4 million cases and 694, 000 deaths in 2012. The new discovery might not have been made  —   at least, not now  —   without Ms. Ryan’s persistence. Researchers twice denied her request to enter the clinical trial, saying her tumors were not large enough, she said. But she refused to give up and was finally let in. The research involves   immune cells called   lymphocytes, or TILs. These are white blood cells that swarm around tumors, a sign that the immune system is trying to attack the cancer. Dr. Rosenberg has been studying TILs for decades, with the goal of enhancing their ability to fight the disease and using them as a treatment. An attempt to treat another patient with tumors much like Ms. Ryan’s did not work, almost certainly because the researchers could not produce enough highly targeted TILs, Dr. Rosenberg said. So far, the cells have worked best against advanced melanoma, a deadly form of skin cancer. By extracting TILs from tumors, multiplying them in the lab and then returning them to the patient, Dr. Rosenberg’s team has produced long remissions in 20 to 25 percent of patients with that disease. More recently, the team has focused on an even tougher problem: tumors in the digestive system, including the colon and pancreas, and in ovaries, breasts and other organs, which cause more than 80 percent of the 596, 000 cancer deaths in the United States each year. The researchers analyze tumors for mutations  —   genetic flaws that set the cancer cells apart from normal ones. They also study TILs, looking for immune cells that can recognize mutations and therefore attack cancerous cells but leave healthy ones alone. Ms. Ryan, from Rochester Hills, Mich. had colon cancer that spread to her lungs despite surgery, chemotherapy and radiation. With few options, she began looking into research programs and came across the TILs research at the National Cancer Institute. In December 2014, she called the institute, hoping to join the study. But she was told, based on her scans and records, that she did not have a tumor big enough to yield TILs. A research nurse suggested she send her next set of scans maybe, in the interim, the tumors would grow. Ms. Ryan took that advice  —   and was devastated to be turned down again. “I felt sure I’d get in,” Ms. Ryan said. “My heart sank. ” The rejection left her sobbing. But then she and her husband pulled up images of her scans on their home computer, took screen shots and measurements of a lung tumor that seemed to match the study criteria, and sent them to the cancer institute. She included a polite note asking that, if her tumor was not eligible, she be told why. “I was trying not to sound like a desperate maniac, but I was a desperate maniac,” she said. In March 2015, she got in. Whether the screen shots were a deciding factor is not clear. Dr. Rosenberg said the team had been watching her progress and brought her in as soon as they identified operable tumors. A month later, the researchers performed surgery, removing several lung tumors to search for TILs. Ms. Ryan’s tissue turned out to be a medical gold mine. She had a KRAS mutation and her TILs included killer   that locked onto the mutation like guided missiles. Her   were able to recognize the mutation because she has an uncommon tissue type, which is a genetically determined trait. As a result, she carries a certain protein on the surface of her cells that plays an essential role in displaying the KRAS mutation so that   cells can find it and attack. Best of all, from a scientific standpoint, was that Ms. Ryan’s KRAS mutation is shared by many other patients with colon and pancreatic cancers. Those who share her tissue type may also be good candidates for treatment with TILs. Researchers say they now have a blueprint that may enable them to develop cell treatments for other patients as well. The killer   have surface molecules called receptors that lock onto mutated cells, and it may be possible to genetically engineer patients’   to give them those receptors and their   ability. To treat Ms. Ryan, the team selected a culture of TILs with high levels of immune cells that specifically attacked her mutation. They multiplied those cells in the laboratory to produce huge numbers. Ms. Ryan was first given chemotherapy to wipe out most of her white blood cells and allow the TILs to flourish. Then, more than 100 billion TILs were dripped into her bloodstream through an intravenous line it took about 20 minutes, she said. About 75 percent were the killer   that targeted her mutation. She was also given   a substance that stimulates killer  . Before being treated, Ms. Ryan had seven tumors in her lungs. Over the next nine months, six shrank and then disappeared. The seventh shrank at first, but then progressed. To remove it, surgeons took out the lower lobe of her left lung. Tests of the excised tumor explained why it had resisted treatment: It had mutated and no longer carried the   marker that had enabled the   to attack it. The tumor’s ability to escape the   reveals a potential weak spot in the approach of targeting a single mutation, said Dr. Drew M. Pardoll, the director of the   Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Calling cancer “versatile,” he said, “The tumor always seems to come up with a workaround. ” Even so, he said the research was “a real and solid step forward. ” Today, Ms. Ryan has no signs of cancer. “I feel great,” she said. But recently, two friends died of colon cancer, she said, adding, “I so hope they can get this treatment to everybody who needs it, and that it works. ”",0
7357,The Fruits of Socialism: Venezuela in 20 Photos - Breitbart,"As Venezuela enters year eighteen of the Bolivarian Socialist Revolution, the international community is finally paying attention, as Venezuelans struggle to find food, medicine, and an outlet for their frustration that will not trigger rampant state violence. [There is no short version of the story of how South America’s wealthiest nation, which boasts the world’s largest known oil reserves, became a nation where 15 percent of people need to scavenge through garbage to eat while the nation’s dictator dances on state television. Venezuela’s decline is the inevitable endgame of socialism, told by the deterioration of its streets, the abuse of its opposition politicians, and the use of the military to maim and kill Venezuelan children as young as 14.  Below, 20 images show the true toll of socialism in Venezuela. December 2011: While the death of Hugo Chávez allowed for socialist leaders to rapidly develop the cult of personality around him as a saint and martyr of socialism, the North   cult worship of Chávez began during his lifetime. In 2011, chavista government officials put together a Christian “nativity scene” depicting Chávez as the baby Jesus figure, surrounded by founding fathers such as Simón Bolívar. (L’encre Noir)   May 2011: As violent drug and gang activity flourished under Chávez, Venezuelans grew to fear murder at the hands of thugs so much that they prayed to dead thugs to protect them, creating idols known as “santos malandros” —  ”holy thugs“ —  and offering them small sacrifices in exchange for safety on urban streets. (AP Photo) May 20, 2017: Protesters flood the streets of San Cristóbal, the capital of westernmost Táchira state, where resistance to socialism has been often the most aggressive. (Luis    Images) May 20, 2017: Caracas is also no stranger to giant peaceful opposition mobilizations, with the below protest occurring on the same day as the Táchira march. (Federico    Images) July 2016: Táchira residents cross the border between Táchira and Colombia by the tens of thousands to purchase necessary home goods unavailable in Venezuelan stores. Families crossed to buy detergent, paper towels, food, and other needs. (George  ) August 2015: To prevent Venezuelans from fleeing, and in protest of objections to human rights violations in the country from Colombia, Maduro shut the border down and violently deported all Colombian citizens on the border. Homes where Colombian citizens used to live were marked “D” for “demolition,” to erase any trace of Colombians there. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos denounced the move as using “Nazi ghetto tactics” against a friendly neighboring country. (Foto:Blu Radio) February 2014: Long before Táchira residents found themselves scrambling into Colombia for basic foods, however, they began demanding free exercise of political rights. Táchira was the first state to take down a likeness of dictator Hugo Chávez, nearly a year after the late dictator died. (Twitter) WARNING: GRAPHIC February 15, 2015: San Cristóbal residents gather around the lifeless body of Kluivert Roa, 14, shot and killed by Venezuelan soldiers while walking home from school. Witnesses say Roa saw a protest while walking home and shouted “stop the repression!” before soldiers shot him in the head. (George Castellanos   via Clarín) WARNING: GRAPHIC May 20, 2017: Due to the presence of armed soldiers and armed chavista gangs known as colectivos, protesters have grown extremely concerned that infiltrated government agents have joined the protests. During this protest, young protesters surrounded Orlando Figuera, accused of being a thief and chavista, and burned him alive. (AFP) April 1, 2014: While the government has reserved its most intense violence for the average protester, it has not relented on attacking government members of the opposition, either. Below, lawmaker Maria Corina Machado (center) —  illegally ousted from the National Assembly —  flees as soldiers attack her with tear gas during a peaceful protest. (Twitter) April 2017: Maduro has rounded up and arrested many opposition leaders. The most prominent among them is the head of the Popular Will party, Leopoldo López, who was banned from seeing family for a month this year. Below, wife Lilian Tintori points up at her husband’s prison cell in the notorious Ramo Verde military prison, surrounded by soldiers ensuring she could not meet him. (Ronaldo   Images) January 11, 2010: The violence that Bolivarian Socialism has brought to Venezuela only tells half the story. The other half is one of extreme poverty, where the value of the currency, the bolívar, has been in freefall for years. Even those with money struggle to find a store that is properly stocked. During the Chávez era, finding junk food and unhealthy soda in supermarkets was still possible, but not without encountering   soldiers posted to prevent visitors from photographing the shortages or attempting to buy more than “necessary. ” During the Maduro era, the government implemented a strict ration card system. (Juan    Images) May 2016: The below image is not an uncommon find in Venezuelan supermarkets. (Juan  ) June 2016: The cities of Caracas are lined with garbage, and up to 15 percent of the population need to dig through garbage to eat. The crisis is particularly affecting children, who are growing and have specific nutrition requirements impossible to meet with the average Venezuelan diet. (Sumarium. com) March 2017: While human families struggle to feed themselves, Venezuela’s zoos have been almost completely unable to fulfill the needs of their animals. In March, rare images inside a Venezuelan zoo (the Venezuelan military severely limits the public’s photographing rights) surfaced showing Ruperta, a    African elephant, showing clear signs of malnutrition. The Venezuelan government denied that the elephant was suffering. (Twitter) September 2016: Hospitals are faring little better than Venezuela’s supermarkets. Shortages of drugs and medical supplies have plagued the country for years, sending infant and maternal mortality rates skyrocketing. Below, a hospital uses cardboard boxes as cribs for their newborns. ( ) May 8, 2017: The staggering shortages have triggered waves of protests, like the one above in Táchira and daily protests in Caracas since March. Maduro has had two   responses to the protests: extreme military violence against civilians  …     [Federico    Images] November 2016:   …    and dancing. The dictator dances on the set of his new radio program, Salsa Time. (  government) November 2016: Maduro has also done nothing to successfully improve the economy. In November, the pile of bolivares, shown below, was worth $100. The value has decreased significantly since. (Ben   News) December 16, 2016: Maduro attempted to improve the ease of use of the bolívar by outlawing the   note and replacing it with larger denominations. The larger denominations were not printed in time, so the value of Venezuela’s   notes went to zero overnight. Venezuelans began burning the bills or ceremonially tossing them in trash cans. (George    Images.) Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
7358,"Exclusive — Leading Trumpocrat: Time for Paul Ryan to Resign, ‘I Just Don’t Know How He Can Be Trusted’ - Breitbart","One of the leading Trumpocrats, Billy Bova of Mississippi, is publicly calling for House Speaker Paul Ryan to do what is right by the country and President Donald Trump by resigning his position to move out of the way of the future of the Republican Party. [Bova was one of the key activists who was a lifelong Democrat who crossed over to support Trump for president against Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton —  working with the Trumpocrats PAC, which helped flip tens of thousands of registered Democrats in the key battleground states of North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin and Michigan.  In total, those states add up to 79 electoral votes —  and without them, Trump would not have won the election. In each of those states, including especially razor thin margins over Clinton in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, it was the Trumpocrats who delivered the win —  and the White House —  to President Trump. Bova made his comments in an exclusive interview on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM 125 the Patriot Channel the morning after Ryan failed President Trump on healthcare. “I think that it is time for him to go like it was time for [former Speaker John] Boehner to go like it was time for [former Speaker Nancy] Pelosi to go,” Bova told Breitbart News Saturday. “President Trump is president because of    registered mostly lifetime Democrat voters in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan —  and those people bought into President Trump hard and were for him before they even supported him and voted for him because they love his America First populism. Our jobs first, our factories first, our legal citizens first, our military and veterans first. “Those people understand that the establishment globalist corporatists of both parties —  Republicans and Democrats —  have sold them out. They’ve sold out our working and middle class here in America. They’ve sold out our country, people born here in America who were raised up and played by the rules and paid their taxes and are just looking for a level playing field. “And they also realize that those folks that put President Trump in office, that he was correct on healthcare —  that Obamacare should be repealed but you’ve got to do it in a way that gives people choice. It’s all about competition. The insurance companies have a monopoly. I live in the state of Mississippi —  one health insurance company, Blue Cross Blue Shield, has 60 to 65 percent of the health insurance business. What if you lived in a state where AllState had 70 or 75 percent of the car insurance business? Everyone would be jumping up and down, screaming, ‘why can’t we get different insurance? I don’t need the ugly kind that they’re selling.’ So we have got to have competition in the marketplace. “And Donald Trump is right, when we get competition in the marketplace. When people go to a restaurant they don’t want two items on the menu, they want 22 items to choose from on the menu because not everybody eats the same thing and not everybody needs to consume the same kind of health insurance or health care. It’s that simple. ” Bova said that a piece from Breitbart News’ John Carney detailing how Ryan is already contradicting President Trump’s administration on tax reform, the supposed next item on the agenda, is “exactly right” and questioned how President Trump can trust Ryan as he embarks on this next step. “I don’t know how Donald Trump, President Trump and his advisers, how they are going to trust him in the future,” Bova said. “I think his credibility is basically destroyed here this past week as Speaker and as leader in the House of the Republicans on Capitol Hill. “He dropped the ball, he tried to do an Obamacare Lite so as to not step on the toes of the big insurance companies and the status quo and the Big Pharma companies and all that stuff. I don’t know they could possibly trust him to try and give us a more fair and equitable and competitive tax structure. I just don’t know how he can be trusted to do that and to lead. “It’s a shame, I’m sorry to say, but he was opposed to Donald Trump from the  . So was Mitch McConnell. Much of the leadership of the Republican Party in D. C. in the House and the Senate was opposed to him. I think they might smile and shake his hand, and slap him on the back and eat free lunch and dinner at the White House with him but I think they got back to themselves on Capitol Hill and they got their knives out again for him and for his White House and I certainly wouldn’t trust them from here on out. ” Bova said the failure of the American Health Care Act is entirely Paul Ryan’s fault, but undoubtedly Ryan’s mistakes will cause some “blowback” against President Trump. However, he added, the president can get back on track by steering clear of Ryan’s pet issues and focusing on what won him the White House. “I think what we ended up with and unfortunately, the blowback —  some of it is going to come back to the president —  but he can rebound,” Bova said. “President Trump can rebound. He’ll recapture his narrative and get back on trade and economics and jobs and that kind of thing and illegal immigration and stuff like that. “But I think what happened is Ryan and McConnell —  especially Ryan and his top people over on the House side —  figured they would just take the healthcare ball and run with it. I think this ultimately would have turned out differently if this had been Donald Trump and his top advisers and people there in the West Wing and in the White House, orchestrating it, laying it all out, writing it all out and explaining it to the people. I think we would have seen a much more different outcome than what we saw yesterday. “I think Ryan and his gang of establishment, globalist, corporatist Republicans who want the health insurance companies to charge higher and higher premiums, who want the big pharmaceutical companies to charge higher and higher prices not lower prices, who want the big insurance companies to charge a    completely healthy male another $200 a month for his health insurance because he has to have maternity leave benefits in it. “I’m in my 50s, I’ve never needed maternity leave. I’ve needed basic, major medical health insurance as a working class person —  American —    American. I don’t need a $10, 000 deductible, I need a $1, 000 deductible. “So I think it was just one more instance where the globalist, corporatist, establishment Republicans on the Hill led by Paul Ryan grabbed the ball, and took the ball and ran with it, and we ended up with this incredible debacle that unfolded this past week. ” LISTEN TO TRUMPOCRAT BILLY BOVA CALL FOR PAUL RYAN TO RESIGN: ",0
7359,Donald Trump the Philanthropist Is Known for His Reluctance - The New York Times,"When Donald J. Trump made an appearance this spring at the New York Military Academy, his high school alma mater in    he spoke of it with gratitude and in glowing terms, describing it as “one of the really great military academies. ” “I had such incredible experiences here,” Mr. Trump told a crowd during a campaign stop in April. But six years ago, when it was on the verge of closing under the weight of debt, and a small group from the school came to Trump Tower seeking financial assistance, Mr. Trump gave a swift and firm response: No. “We were disappointed,” said Rich Pezzullo, an alumnus who attended the meeting, which took place as Mr. Trump was participating in an online real estate auction and ended when the winner of his Miss USA pageant showed up. “We thought he’d open up his checkbook,” Mr. Pezzullo said. Over the years, Mr. Trump has billed himself as an “ardent philanthropist,” and his official biography says that he is “involved with numerous civic and charitable organizations. ” But the depiction of Mr. Trump as a generous benefactor has recently come into question amid a series of reports raising doubts about whether he has followed through on his lavish pledges, whether he misused the foundation that bears his name and whether he financially supports it at all. Interviews with people who have worked with or solicited money from him, as well as years of publicly available charity records, paint a picture of Mr. Trump as a reluctant giver despite his wealth. Donations from his foundation, which in recent years has been exclusively financed by others, sometimes served his own needs while helping the recipients. Jack O’Donnell, who was president and chief operating officer of Trump Plaza Hotel  Casino in the late 1980s, said Mr. Trump would question the need for donations, even those as small as a couple thousand dollars. “He’d say ‘Why are we doing this?’ or ‘Do we have to give this much?’ ” said Mr. O’Donnell, who parted ways with Mr. Trump on bad terms and was described by the Trump campaign as a disgruntled former employee. “I don’t know how else to put it: He’s cheap. ” Mr. Trump’s philanthropic endeavors over the past four decades have been dotted with pledges to donate the proceeds from books or speeches. Sometimes, Mr. Trump has stepped in to help a person in need, with the cameras rolling. And Mr. Trump, usually accompanied by his wife, Melania, has been a familiar face at   benefit galas in New York and Florida, where the rich and famous mingle and are seen. He has also more quietly supported other causes over the years. He has donated to and sits on the board of the Police Athletic League, a youth sports organization in New York. And Mr. Trump has won a lifetime achievement award from the American Cancer Society for his giving. “At the end of the day, in my narrow world, he’s a board member who has consistently contributed to us,” said Frederick Watts, the executive director of the Police Athletic League. Mr. Trump’s campaign, in response to questions about his giving practices, called him “extremely generous with both his time and his money. ” “Mr. Trump regularly makes personal contributions to worthy charitable causes and organizations, but does not seek recognition,” his spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, said in an email. “Mr. Trump has made several significant contributions to the Trump Foundation, including an initial   lump sum at its inception. Since then he has made personal contributions, and regularly waives fees for appearances, speeches and publicity rights instead encouraging the donations be made to charity. ”  In 1987 Mr. Trump started the Donald J. Trump Foundation, a nonprofit through which his own donations and those of others are channeled to causes and institutions. Through 2014, according to the foundation’s tax filings, he had donated $5. 4 million to the foundation, a small fraction of his   net worth of billions of dollars. Mr. Trump and his aides say that in addition to what the foundation gives, he writes personal checks directly to charities. His personal tax returns would reveal his deductions for charitable giving, but he has refused to release those returns. Hillary and Bill Clinton’s returns show deductions for $23 million in donations since 2001, about 10 percent of their income. A series of reports in recent weeks, most notably in The Washington Post, have revealed that Mr. Trump has stopped giving money to his own foundation in recent years. Instead, the foundation has been relying exclusively on the donations of others. Mr. Trump has then given that money away, sometimes claiming credit for these donations. The Post also reported that it had not been able to turn up evidence that Mr. Trump had delivered on most of his pledges to donate income from speeches and books. Mr. Trump has also used the foundation’s money in questionable ways, including a donation to a political action committee aligned with the attorney general of Florida while she was considering whether to bring legal action against his Trump University. That led to a $2, 500 penalty by the Internal Revenue Service for improperly using the foundation for political purposes. The Trump campaign has called the $25, 000 donation a clerical error. The Post also reported this week that two donations totaling $258, 000 had been made from the foundation to settle legal disputes involving Mr. Trump’s businesses. “This story was not accurate,” Ms. Hicks said in a statement.  The attorney general of New York is currently investigating how the foundation’s money is spent neither Mr. Trump nor the foundation have been charged or penalized for any wrongdoing beyond the $2, 500. Other donations have been directed to organizations aligned with Mr. Trump’s politics. The foundation contributed $100, 000 to support Citizens United, the conservative watchdog group that, among other things, has sued for access to records from Mrs. Clinton’s State Department. The foundation also gave $25, 000 to a foundation affiliated with the conservative monthly The American Spectator. (Neither recipient was a political action committee.) Foundation tax records for 2014 illustrate how Mr. Trump has recently used its money. The Citizens United gift was the largest donation. The foundation gave $50, 000 each to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society in West Palm Beach, and to the private school his son Barron attends. Four other charities  —   the Police Athletic League, two health organizations and the   League  —   received about $100, 000 between them, and a collection of other groups received smaller grants totaling about $200, 000. His high school alma mater received roughly $30, 000 from the foundation over the years, but those contributions ended in 2005. When the academy contingent  —   which included Theodore Dobias, a former coach and administrator at the academy whom Mr. Trump has described as a major influence in his life  —   came by his office in 2010, Mr. Trump made clear that he did not view the school as a worthwhile investment given its dire financial straits, Mr. Pezzullo, the alumnus, said. The school would eventually declare bankruptcy and was close to closing before an investor bought it at auction last year. Even when donations were effectively made with other people’s money, Mr. Trump sometimes received the attention. In 2012, his foundation made a $10, 000 contribution to the charitable arm of the Florida Association of the American Institute of Architects as part of its 100th anniversary. The group had solicited the owners of Florida buildings it highlighted as great architecture, including Mr. Trump’s    estate in Palm Beach, which was honored as the top historic structure in the state. In return for their donations, the owners “got great publicity,” said Vicki Long, the association’s vice president and chief executive. The same year, foundation tax records show, it gave $50, 000 to the Child Mind Institute in New York, which bought Mr. Trump and his wife seats at the organization’s gala dinner. They also attended a gala for Operation Smile, a nonprofit that treats cleft palates and lips, and to which the foundation gave $100, 000. Mr. Trump’s meshing of charity and publicity goes back decades, including an episode in 1986 when he helped a Georgia widow save her farm from foreclosure. After the woman’s husband had committed suicide, Mr. Trump solicited donations on her behalf and made one of his own. When their goal was reached, he held a news conference at Trump Tower at which the widow did a symbolic burning of the mortgage papers. Frank Argenbright, an Atlanta businessman who was part of the   effort, recalled Mr. Trump paying great attention to the details of the event, including what cigarette lighter to use. “He said ‘I don’t want to go down there in front of the cameras and not have it work,’ ” Mr. Argenbright said.",0
7360,EXCLUSIVE - Linda Tripp: SNL Made Me into A ‘Villain’,"During a radio interview broadcast on Sunday, Linda Tripp, who was famously portrayed by John Goodman on Saturday Night Live during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, blasted SNL for what she described as a political campaign to “make me into a villain” instead of Bill and Hillary Clinton. [Tripp says she was prompted to go public about the issue in response to the NBC comedy sketch show’s negative portrayal of President Donald Trump and top White House officials. She charged the show and the mainstream news media were engaged in a deliberate “campaign of disinformation, confusion, and essentially propaganda. ”  Tripp also opened up about the personal toll she said the media’s negative portrayal had on her, describing how she banned television from her house for three years in the late 1990’s and at times engaged in binge eating as a coping mechanism. She was speaking on this reporter’s weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s Am 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia. In the interview, Tripp divulged she has been quietly writing a book about her experiences working directly adjacent to Hillary Clinton’s second floor West Wing office, where Tripp was afforded a front row seat into some of the most infamous scandals to rock the Clinton White House, misdeeds that she says partially prompted her to finally go public about the Lewinsky affair.  She explained she was also motivated to go public to protect Lewinsky. SNL ‘Had an Agenda’ During the Clinton administration, Tripp first served as support staff to the Immediate Office of the President, where she sat just outside Bill Clinton’s Oval Office. After three months, Tripp was asked to work for the White House Counsel’s office as executive assistant to White House Counsel Bernie Nussbaum, who played a lead role in defending the Clintons for their infamous alleged misdeeds.  Tripp’s office was located adjacent to Hillary Clinton’s. Tripp documented evidence of Lewinsky’s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton and submitted the evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr, leading to the public disclosure of the affair. Throughout the scandal, SNL repeatedly depicted Tripp, played by Goodman, as a wrongdoer who betrayed her friend by recording conversations with the younger Lewinsky in a bid to land a book deal, even though Tripp never published a book. In a previous interview on my show, Tripp explained she went public because she believed her own life and Lewinsky’s were in danger, saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship. During our interview on Sunday, Tripp commented on the SNL portrayals of her. “I had always been a great fan of John Goodman,” Tripp said. “I think he is funny. And actually, in the beginning I thought his portrayal was funny. But over time, I came to realize that there was more there than comedy alone. ” Tripp recalled SNL comedian Dana Carvey “did just amazing impersonations of President Bush. But it was just good clean fun. Much the way you saw Obama portrayed on Saturday Night Live. ” “And this was different,” she said, referring the show’s portrayal of her.  “It had an agenda. It had a focus. And it was a means to an end. And the means to an end was to use any and all opportunities to discredit and to vilify me.   …     What happened to me and what is happening today frankly is something completely different and scary. ” Tripp continued: “Many people don’t know this, but as soon as the (Lewinsky) story broke, Hillary Clinton is documented as saying, ‘Get me anything and everything on Linda Tripp.’ Which I knew she would do. They couldn’t discredit me professionally because they had promoted me many times over the time that I was in the White House. So, they were lost on that score. So, they had to make me into a villain. ” She took issue with the show’s framing of her as the offender. “Quite apart from being a betrayer, I believe I helped Monica Lewinsky. But the real issue is how the Clinton machine in conjunction with the media portrayed me as evil repeatedly. And frankly I don’t present well photographically so I helped them. ” Tripp subsequently said she found it interesting that liberals espouse “hollow claims to champion civil rights of all, want the federal government to assign gender neutral bathrooms, but were okay with SNL portraying me as a transgender villain. Their PC protections only apply to liberals. ” Media Coverage of Trump ‘A Sabotage of the Truth’ Meanwhile, Tripp said during Sunday’s interview that she sees SNL’s current negative portrayal of Trump and top administration officials, including Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway and White House Spokesman Sean Spencer, as part of a larger news media campaign aimed at discrediting the president and his policies. “Now I think what is going on on SNL is a part of it,” she said. “It’s all of a piece, though. It’s almost a psychological warfare tactic. I worked with special operations for many years. And I can’t overstate the effectiveness of this campaign that they are waging. “You have to understand that the media backed one candidate. And after she was defeated and after a campaign where the   mainstream media, which is a true misnomer, advocated essentially as an arm of the DNC. After her defeat, they have done nothing but double down in an attempt to take down what they perceive as their opponent. Because he had the nerve to actually win. When, if you will recall, virtually everyone in the mainstream media laughed on air about even the possibility of his winning. ” Tripp called the rampant   media coverage a “campaign of disinformation, confusion, and essentially propaganda. ” “It is a sabotage of the truth. And it’s on a grand scale. And for me it is painful to watch because even though the president has a bully pulpit, even he is at the mercy of what people refer to as the mainstream media. A private citizen has no chance. But even the president will face obstacles because this is an orchestrated effort. ” Mocking Took a Personal Toll, Tripp described how SNL’s mocking and the larger negative coverage in the news media caused her to go into hiding, created body image issues, and led to binge eating as a coping mechanism. “I know that I went into hiding,” she stated.  “I know that I have never been a vain person. I kind of have always been a pretty straightforward person. I have never obsessed about my looks. I guess I have never been that much of a girly girl. So, I was stunned at how I looked number one in the pictures. ” “Realizing that I had deteriorated in such an extreme way in my years following my exposure to the Clintons. And that is kind of how I cope. I eat myself into oblivion and it shows when I can’t deal on any level with what I am seeing. “I took TVs out of my house. We didn’t have TV in my house for a good three years. Because I couldn’t bear to see all the negativity and all the untruths. And it was a helpless feeling because as a private citizen you have virtually no chance at all to defend yourself. They can create the monster that they choose to create. And you are literally helpless to combat that. ” One of many examples of SNL’s targeting of Tripp was a skit jeering Tripp’s February 1999 interview with   reporter Jamie Gangel. In the skit, the mock Gangel stated: “Miss Tripp, no one understands, no one. No one understands why you did what you did. You betrayed your friend by taping private current phone conversations. ” Tripp’s character, played by Goodman, replied, “I don’t want to talk about that. Not because I think it was a horrible, gutless, soulless thing to do but apparently, it’s against the law in the state of Maryland. And they want to prosecute me for it. Big time. ” “Do you feel bad about what you have done?” asked Gangel’s character. “What have I done?” Goodman replies, as Tripp. “You went out of your way to betray a friend’s confidence. To end a relationship between two consenting adults and in the process caused an investigation that cost the American taxpayer tens of millions of dollars all in the hopes of getting a book deal. ” “Well,” retorted Tripp’s character, “if you put it that way no. I did what I did because I’m a patriot. As a New England Patriot. I’m their new starting outside linebacker. ” Far from that characterization, Tripp said on Sunday she documented evidence of Lewinsky’s phone calls in order to help Lewinsky. Speaking last September on my show, Tripp made similar remarks. She stated at the time: I say today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I took. That may sound melodramatic to your listeners. I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she and I at the time were in danger, because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends. I think that had it not become public when it did, particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit, which was coming to a head with President Clinton’s deposition, that we may well have met with an accident. It’s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation. Book, Tripp revealed during the interview that she has been working on a book for the past five years. Besides the Lewinsky issue, her front row seat during her White House days afforded her access to some inside stories on the scandals known as Travelgate, Filegate and Whitewater, and she says she personally witnessed the handling of documents from Vince Foster’s office the morning after the Deputy White House Counsel was found dead in an apparent suicide. Tripp stated the book would contain her “version of what happened and what caused me to go forward and the motivation that propelled me forward in the face of overwhelming obstacles. ” “I mean you just do not go up against the president of the United States for frivolous reasons,” she said. “Certainly, not for a book. I do think it may be time to put it out in the public domain. ” Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
7361,Re: - WikiLeaks,"How to contact WikiLeaks? What is Tor? Tips for Sources After Submitting 
This key's fingerprint is A04C 5E09 ED02 B328 03EB 6116 93ED 732E 9231 8DBA BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK mQQNBFUoCGgBIADFLp+QonWyK8L6SPsNrnhwgfCxCk6OUHRIHReAsgAUXegpfg0b rsoHbeI5W9s5to/MUGwULHj59M6AvT+DS5rmrThgrND8Dt0dO+XW88bmTXHsFg9K jgf1wUpTLq73iWnSBo1m1Z14BmvkROG6M7+vQneCXBFOyFZxWdUSQ15vdzjr4yPR oMZjxCIFxe+QL+pNpkXd/St2b6UxiKB9HT9CXaezXrjbRgIzCeV6a5TFfcnhncpO ve59rGK3/az7cmjd6cOFo1Iw0J63TGBxDmDTZ0H3ecQvwDnzQSbgepiqbx4VoNmH OxpInVNv3AAluIJqN7RbPeWrkohh3EQ1j+lnYGMhBktX0gAyyYSrkAEKmaP6Kk4j /ZNkniw5iqMBY+v/yKW4LCmtLfe32kYs5OdreUpSv5zWvgL9sZ+4962YNKtnaBK3 1hztlJ+xwhqalOCeUYgc0Clbkw+sgqFVnmw5lP4/fQNGxqCO7Tdy6pswmBZlOkmH XXfti6hasVCjT1MhemI7KwOmz/KzZqRlzgg5ibCzftt2GBcV3a1+i357YB5/3wXE j0vkd+SzFioqdq5Ppr+//IK3WX0jzWS3N5Lxw31q8fqfWZyKJPFbAvHlJ5ez7wKA 1iS9krDfnysv0BUHf8elizydmsrPWN944Flw1tOFjW46j4uAxSbRBp284wiFmV8N TeQjBI8Ku8NtRDleriV3djATCg2SSNsDhNxSlOnPTM5U1bmh+Ehk8eHE3hgn9lRp 2kkpwafD9pXaqNWJMpD4Amk60L3N+yUrbFWERwncrk3DpGmdzge/tl/UBldPoOeK p3shjXMdpSIqlwlB47Xdml3Cd8HkUz8r05xqJ4DutzT00ouP49W4jqjWU9bTuM48 LRhrOpjvp5uPu0aIyt4BZgpce5QGLwXONTRX+bsTyEFEN3EO6XLeLFJb2jhddj7O DmluDPN9aj639E4vjGZ90Vpz4HpN7JULSzsnk+ZkEf2XnliRody3SwqyREjrEBui 9ktbd0hAeahKuwia0zHyo5+1BjXt3UHiM5fQN93GB0hkXaKUarZ99d7XciTzFtye /MWToGTYJq9bM/qWAGO1RmYgNr+gSF/fQBzHeSbRN5tbJKz6oG4NuGCRJGB2aeXW TIp/VdouS5I9jFLapzaQUvtdmpaeslIos7gY6TZxWO06Q7AaINgr+SBUvvrff/Nl l2PRPYYye35MDs0b+mI5IXpjUuBC+s59gI6YlPqOHXkKFNbI3VxuYB0VJJIrGqIu Fv2CXwy5HvR3eIOZ2jLAfsHmTEJhriPJ1sUG0qlfNOQGMIGw9jSiy/iQde1u3ZoF so7sXlmBLck9zRMEWRJoI/mgCDEpWqLX7hTTABEBAAG0x1dpa2lMZWFrcyBFZGl0 b3JpYWwgT2ZmaWNlIEhpZ2ggU2VjdXJpdHkgQ29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbiBLZXkgKFlv dSBjYW4gY29udGFjdCBXaWtpTGVha3MgYXQgaHR0cDovL3dsY2hhdGMzcGp3cGxp NXIub25pb24gYW5kIGh0dHBzOi8vd2lraWxlYWtzLm9yZy90YWxrKSA8Y29udGFj dC11cy11c2luZy1vdXItY2hhdC1zeXN0ZW1Ad2lraWxlYWtzLm9yZz6JBD0EEwEK ACcCGwMFCwkIBwMFFQoJCAsFFgIDAQACHgECF4AFAlb6cdIFCQOznOoACgkQk+1z LpIxjbrlqh/7B2yBrryWhQMGFj+xr9TIj32vgUIMohq94XYqAjOnYdEGhb5u5B5p BNowcqdFB1SOEvX7MhxGAqYocMT7zz2AkG3kpf9f7gOAG7qA1sRiB+R7mZtUr9Kv fQSsRFPb6RNzqqB9I9wPNGhBh1YWusUPluLINwbjTMnHXeL96HgdLT+fIBa8ROmn 0fjJVoWYHG8QtsKiZ+lo2m/J4HyuJanAYPgL6isSu/1bBSwhEIehlQIfXZuS3j35 12SsO1Zj2BBdgUIrADdMAMLneTs7oc1/PwxWYQ4OTdkay2deg1g/N6YqM2N7rn1W 7A6tmuH7dfMlhcqw8bf5veyag3RpKHGcm7utDB6k/bMBDMnKazUnM2VQoi1mutHj kTCWn/vF1RVz3XbcPH94gbKxcuBi8cjXmSWNZxEBsbirj/CNmsM32Ikm+WIhBvi3 1mWvcArC3JSUon8RRXype4ESpwEQZd6zsrbhgH4UqF56pcFT2ubnqKu4wtgOECsw K0dHyNEiOM1lL919wWDXH9tuQXWTzGsUznktw0cJbBVY1dGxVtGZJDPqEGatvmiR o+UmLKWyxTScBm5o3zRm3iyU10d4gka0dxsSQMl1BRD3G6b+NvnBEsV/+KCjxqLU vhDNup1AsJ1OhyqPydj5uyiWZCxlXWQPk4p5WWrGZdBDduxiZ2FTj17hu8S4a5A4 lpTSoZ/nVjUUl7EfvhQCd5G0hneryhwqclVfAhg0xqUUi2nHWg19npPkwZM7Me/3 +ey7svRUqxVTKbXffSOkJTMLUWqZWc087hL98X5rfi1E6CpBO0zmHeJgZva+PEQ/ ZKKi8oTzHZ8NNlf1qOfGAPitaEn/HpKGBsDBtE2te8PF1v8LBCea/d5+Umh0GELh 5eTq4j3eJPQrTN1znyzpBYkR19/D/Jr5j4Vuow5wEE28JJX1TPi6VBMevx1oHBuG qsvHNuaDdZ4F6IJTm1ZYBVWQhLbcTginCtv1sadct4Hmx6hklAwQN6VVa7GLOvnY RYfPR2QA3fGJSUOg8xq9HqVDvmQtmP02p2XklGOyvvfQxCKhLqKi0hV9xYUyu5dk 2L/A8gzA0+GIN+IYPMsf3G7aDu0qgGpi5Cy9xYdJWWW0DA5JRJc4/FBSN7xBNsW4 eOMxl8PITUs9GhOcc68Pvwyv4vvTZObpUjZANLquk7t8joky4Tyog29KYSdhQhne oVODrdhTqTPn7rjvnwGyjLInV2g3pKw/Vsrd6xKogmE8XOeR8Oqk6nun+Y588Nsj XddctWndZ32dvkjrouUAC9z2t6VE36LSyYJUZcC2nTg6Uir+KUTs/9RHfrvFsdI7 iMucdGjHYlKc4+YwTdMivI1NPUKo/5lnCbkEDQRVKAhoASAAvnuOR+xLqgQ6KSOO RTkhMTYCiHbEsPmrTfNA9VIip+3OIzByNYtfFvOWY2zBh3H2pgf+2CCrWw3WqeaY wAp9zQb//rEmhwJwtkW/KXDQr1k95D5gzPeCK9R0yMPfjDI5nLeSvj00nFF+gjPo Y9Qb10jp/Llqy1z35Ub9ZXuA8ML9nidkE26KjG8FvWIzW8zTTYA5Ezc7U+8HqGZH VsK5KjIO2GOnJiMIly9MdhawS2IXhHTV54FhvZPKdyZUQTxkwH2/8QbBIBv0OnFY 3w75Pamy52nAzI7uOPOU12QIwVj4raLC+DIOhy7bYf9pEJfRtKoor0RyLnYZTT3N 0H4AT2YeTra17uxeTnI02lS2Jeg0mtY45jRCU7MrZsrpcbQ464I+F411+AxI3NG3 cFNJOJO2HUMTa+2PLWa3cERYM6ByP60362co7cpZoCHyhSvGppZyH0qeX+BU1oyn 5XhT+m7hA4zupWAdeKbOaLPdzMu2Jp1/QVao5GQ8kdSt0n5fqrRopO1WJ/S1eoz+ Ydy3dCEYK+2zKsZ3XeSC7MMpGrzanh4pk1DLr/NMsM5L5eeVsAIBlaJGs75Mp+kr ClQL/oxiD4XhmJ7MlZ9+5d/o8maV2K2pelDcfcW58tHm3rHwhmNDxh+0t5++i30y BIa3gYHtZrVZ3yFstp2Ao8FtXe/1ALvwE4BRalkh+ZavIFcqRpiF+YvNZ0JJF52V rwL1gsSGPsUY6vsVzhpEnoA+cJGzxlor5uQQmEoZmfxgoXKfRC69si0ReoFtfWYK 8Wu9sVQZW1dU6PgBB30X/b0Sw8hEzS0cpymyBXy8g+itdi0NicEeWHFKEsXa+HT7 mjQrMS7c84Hzx7ZOH6TpX2hkdl8Nc4vrjF4iff1+sUXj8xDqedrg29TseHCtnCVF kfRBvdH2CKAkbgi9Xiv4RqAP9vjOtdYnj7CIG9uccek/iu/bCt1y/MyoMU3tqmSJ c8QeA1L+HENQ/HsiErFGug+Q4Q1SuakHSHqBLS4TKuC+KO7tSwXwHFlFp47GicHe rnM4v4rdgKic0Z6lR3QpwoT9KwzOoyzyNlnM9wwnalCLwPcGKpjVPFg1t6F+eQUw WVewkizhF1sZBbED5O/+tgwPaD26KCNuofdVM+oIzVPOqQXWbaCXisNYXoktH3Tb 0X/DjsIeN4TVruxKGy5QXrvo969AQNx8Yb82BWvSYhJaXX4bhbK0pBIT9fq08d5R IiaN7/nFU3vavXa+ouesiD0cnXSFVIRiPETCKl45VM+f3rRHtNmfdWVodyXJ1O6T ZjQTB9ILcfcb6XkvH+liuUIppINu5P6i2CqzRLAvbHGunjvKLGLfvIlvMH1mDqxp VGvNPwARAQABiQQlBBgBCgAPAhsMBQJW+nHeBQkDs5z2AAoJEJPtcy6SMY26Qtgf /0tXRbwVOBzZ4fI5NKSW6k5A6cXzbB3JUxTHMDIZ93CbY8GvRqiYpzhaJVjNt2+9 zFHBHSfdbZBRKX8N9h1+ihxByvHncrTwiQ9zFi0FsrJYk9z/F+iwmqedyLyxhIEm SHtWiPg6AdUM5pLu8GR7tRHagz8eGiwVar8pZo82xhowIjpiQr0Bc2mIAusRs+9L jc+gjwjbhYIg2r2r9BUBGuERU1A0IB5Fx+IomRtcfVcL/JXSmXqXnO8+/aPwpBuk bw8sAivSbBlEu87P9OovsuEKxh/PJ65duQNjC+2YxlVcF03QFlFLGzZFN7Fcv5JW lYNeCOOz9NP9TTsR2EAZnacNk75/FYwJSJnSblCBre9xVA9pI5hxb4zu7CxRXuWc QJs8Qrvdo9k4Jilx5U9X0dsiNH2swsTM6T1gyVKKQhf5XVCS4bPWYagXcfD9/xZE eAhkFcAuJ9xz6XacT9j1pw50MEwZbwDneV93TqvHmgmSIFZow1aU5ACp+N/ksT6E 1wrWsaIJjsOHK5RZj/8/2HiBftjXscmL3K8k6MbDI8P9zvcMJSXbPpcYrffw9A6t ka9skmLKKFCcsNJ0coLLB+mw9DVQGc2dPWPhPgtYZLwG5tInS2bkdv67qJ4lYsRM jRCW5xzlUZYk6SWD4KKbBQoHbNO0Au8Pe/N1SpYYtpdhFht9fGmtEHNOGPXYgNLq VTLgRFk44Dr4hJj5I1+d0BLjVkf6U8b2bN5PcOnVH4Mb+xaGQjqqufAMD/IFO4Ro TjwKiw49pJYUiZbw9UGaV3wmg+fue9To1VKxGJuLIGhRXhw6ujGnk/CktIkidRd3 5pAoY5L4ISnZD8Z0mnGlWOgLmQ3IgNjAyUzVJRhDB5rVQeC6qX4r4E1xjYMJSxdz Aqrk25Y//eAkdkeiTWqbXDMkdQtig2rY+v8GGeV0v09NKiT+6extebxTaWH4hAgU FR6yq6FHs8mSEKC6Cw6lqKxOn6pwqVuXmR4wzpqCoaajQVz1hOgD+8QuuKVCcTb1 4IXXpeQBc3EHfXJx2BWbUpyCgBOMtvtjDhLtv5p+4XN55GqY+ocYgAhNMSK34AYD AhqQTpgHAX0nZ2SpxfLr/LDN24kXCmnFipqgtE6tstKNiKwAZdQBzJJlyYVpSk93 6HrYTZiBDJk4jDBh6jAx+IZCiv0rLXBM6QxQWBzbc2AxDDBqNbea2toBSww8HvHf hQV/G86Zis/rDOSqLT7e794ezD9RYPv55525zeCk3IKauaW5+WqbKlwosAPIMW2S kFODIRd5oMI51eof+ElmB5V5T9lw0CHdltSM/hmYmp/5YotSyHUmk91GDFgkOFUc J3x7gtxUMkTadELqwY6hrU8= =BLTH",0
7362,French Jews urged to rally over UNESCO resolutions,"October 28, 2016 French Jews urged to rally over UNESCO resolutions 
The main Jewish groups in France urged members to rally in front of the headquarters of the country’s Foreign Ministry to protest its failure to oppose UN resolutions that ignore Jewish ties to Jerusalem, JTA reported on Thursday. 
On Wednesday, UNESCO’s World Heritage Committee passed a resolution denying the Jewish connection to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. 
On October 13, the executive board of the UNESCO passed a similar resolution which refers to the Western Wall and the Temple Mount only by their Arabic-language names. 
France was among 26 countries that abstained from voting during the first resolution. 
CRIF, the political lobby group representing French Jewish communities, was joined in a rare move by the Consistoire, French Jewry’s organ responsible for religious services, in organizing a protest rally for Thursday opposite the Quai d’Orsay in Paris in reaction to the passing of the two resolutions on Jerusalem. 
“We were shocked by the anti-Israeli obsession of UNESCO and are now revolted by its disavowal of its own values,” CRIF President Francis Kalifat wrote Wednesday in his call for French Jews to rally outside Quai d’Orsay.",0
7363,"Obama: ’For The Most Part, Race Relations Have Gotten Better’ Under My Presidency - Breitbart","Thursday on Chicago’s ABC7 when asked by correspondent Judy Hsu if race relations have gotten better or worse during his tenure, President Barack Obama said “for the most part” they had gotten better.  Obama said “You know I think that in some ways, like everything else it’s gotten better and in some ways we have surfaced tensions that were already there but are getting more attention. Look, I came to Chicago in 1985, in the middle of Council Wars between Harold Washington and Eddie Vrdolyak. Some of your viewers are too young to remember this stuff. I promise you, for the most part, race relations have gotten better. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7364,Delete Your Account – Episode 24: President Trump,"If you want to support the show and receive access to tons of bonus content, subscribe on our Patreon page for as little as $5 a month. Also, don’t forget to subscribe, rate, and review the show on iTunes . We can’t do this show without your support!!! Yes, Trump looks like he will be our next president.
We have on @BrettPain and @MurderBryan from Street Fight Radio on WCRS in Columbus, Ohio to discuss what’s next for those of us on the left following this absolutely crushing defeat at the hands of the extreme right-wing. It’s definitely a cathartic conversation, but we don’t just vent, we discuss next steps for building a powerful counterweight to right-wing demagoguery. Liberalism and sectarian leftism have failed. We can’t keep blaming everyone else, this defeat requires some serious introspection from liberals and leftists alike. If you are unable to organize people to your political position, that’s your fault, not the fault of those you fail to convince.
It’s time for those of us on the Left to get it together. No one else is going to fix this for us.

The post Delete Your Account – Episode 24: President Trump appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
7365,"Volkswagen Scandal Reaches All the Way to the Top, Lawsuits Say - The New York Times","Three attorneys general on Tuesday directly challenged Volkswagen’s defense over its emissions deception, calling the decision to thwart pollution tests an orchestrated fraud that lasted more than a decade, involved dozens of engineers and managers and reached deep into the company’s boardroom. The accusations, leveled in lawsuits by New York, Massachusetts and Maryland, contradict Volkswagen’s portrayal of the deception, representing a new threat to the carmaker’s finances, reputation and management. For the first time, the suits connected Volkswagen’s chief executive, Matthias Müller, to the scandal, saying he was aware of a 2006 decision to not outfit Audi vehicles with equipment needed to meet American   standards. Volkswagen, which admitted late last year to equipping 11 million vehicles worldwide with software to cheat emissions tests, has maintained that the deception was limited to a small group of people. The company has said top management was not aware of the cheating software, known as a defeat device. But the New York civil complaint, drawing on internal Volkswagen documents, emails and witness statements, depicts a corporate culture that allowed a “willful and systematic scheme of cheating. ” The evidence paints the most detailed picture yet about how the deception unfolded and who was responsible. The suits identified six different defeat devices, saying the deception was an “iterative process” that started with an Audi model. They described the device as a   measure, because meeting American emissions standards would have required an overhaul of the vehicles. The suits stopped short of accusing Mr. Müller of having specific knowledge of the devices. At the time of the 2006 decision, Mr. Müller was head of project management at Audi, Volkswagen’s luxury car division. He became chief executive of Volkswagen in September, replacing Martin Winterkorn, who resigned days after the Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of the diesel deception that month. “The idea that this level of fraud could take place and involve so many people at such high levels of a major international corporation is appalling,” Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York attorney general, said at a news conference in New York, describing what he called “a cunningly cynical fraud at the heart of this scandal. ” He was joined by the attorney general for Massachusetts, Maura Healey. The suits claim that the company made false statements to regulators and broke laws requiring cars to have approved pollution control systems Mr. Müller and Mr. Winterkorn have previously denied any involvement in the wrongdoing. “There is no credible evidence to support the allegation regarding Matthias Müller,” a Volkswagen spokeswoman, Jeannine Ginivan, said in an emailed statement. “It does not bear scrutiny. ” The potential blowback for Volkswagen could be costly. The company last month agreed to pay nearly $15 billion, a record, to settle claims in the United States by Volkswagen owners and regulators. But the settlement did not resolve what penalties might be imposed on Volkswagen, leaving room for additional suits. New York said Volkswagen was exposed to state penalties of over $500 million. Suits from Maryland, Massachusetts and other states that might follow will add substantially to that sum. The company is also dealing with criminal investigations and shareholder lawsuits around the world. The United States Justice Department said it was still pursuing a criminal inquiry. Volkswagen, Ms. Ginivan said, was already discussing a comprehensive resolution that would settle environmental issues nationwide and had already addressed many of the accusations with federal authorities. “It is regrettable that some states have decided to sue for environmental claims now,” she said. The complaints break the silence that prevailed in Germany and the United States about the genesis of the scandal and who was involved. The New York complaint claims that more than two dozen Volkswagen engineers and managers were involved in the deception, including Wolfgang Hatz, the former head of engine and transmission development at Volkswagen and Audi Ulrich Hackenberg, former head of development for Audi and   Neusser, former head of development for the Volkswagen brand. While several executives have been identified by the media, German prosecutors, because of the country’s strict privacy laws, have named only one suspect, Mr. Winterkorn. The suit, filed in New York State Supreme Court in Albany, also criticized Volkswagen’s supervisory board for awarding 63 million euros (about $70 million) in salary and bonuses to Mr. Müller and other members of the management board last year. “Recent actions,” the complaint said, “demonstrate that the company’s culture that incentivizes cheating and denies accountability comes from the very top and, even now, remains unchecked. ” The deception, the complaint described, spanned more than a decade. While scrutiny has focused on the Volkswagen brand, the use of defeat devices was pioneered by Audi, according to the complaint. Engineers at Audi developed a way to eliminate the clattering sound that diesel engines tend to make after starting. But the solution increased pollution to impermissible levels. So Audi in 2004 programmed its diesels in Europe to turn off the noise reduction technology when software recognized that the cars were undergoing emissions tests, the complaint said. The defeat device was euphemistically labeled the “acoustic function. ” The same software was later adapted for a new generation of diesel motors that could not meet American emissions standards. The New York complaint is the first to explicitly present evidence that top managers, at the very least, were aware of the engineering problems that led to the use of defeat devices. According to the New York suit, Mr. Müller and Mr. Winterkorn were informed in 2006 that Audis with   diesel engines needed additional equipment to meet American standards. Specifically, they needed a larger tank to hold the chemical solution used to neutralize nitrogen oxide emissions in the exhaust. But Volkswagen and Audi, the complaint said, did not want to spend the money necessary to redesign the cars. Instead, the company decided to deploy defeat devices. Both Mr. Winterkorn and Mr. Müller held senior positions at the Audi unit at the time. Documents used as evidence refer to “H. Müller,” according to the complaint. An Audi executive told investigators that was a reference to Matthias Müller, the current chief executive, the suit said. The New York suit also takes aim at executives’ claims that they were ignorant of the defeat devices, citing their behavior when the threat of exposure loomed. In early 2014, engineers at West Virginia University published a study in which two unidentified diesel cars were found to have emitted up to 40 times as much pollution on highways as they did under laboratory conditions. Inside Volkswagen, there was widespread alarm, the complaint said. After it became clear that the cars in the study were Volkswagens  —   a 2012 Jetta and a 2013 Passat  —   company engineers in the United States were bombarded with requests for information by senior managers, including a management board member, Christian Klingler. He has since left Volkswagen for reasons the company said were not related to the scandal. Over the next 17 months, Volkswagen embarked on a campaign to “mislead and confuse” regulators and the public, according to the complaint. In a conference call with California regulators in October 2014, Volkswagen officials “cited phony technical explanations for high emissions,” the suit said. After learning in May 2015 that California regulators planned to conduct more thorough tests of Volkswagen diesels, executives’ emails “began to reflect desperation and panic,” the complaint said. One executive, facing questions from suspicious California officials, wrote to   “Come up with the story, please!” “This is an example of a company that not only engaged in deception and fraud on a brazen scale but covered up that deception,” Ms. Healey, the Massachusetts attorney general, said at the news conference. The conduct “reflects a corporate culture that had no regard for the law, no respect for the American people and no regard for the environment or people’s health. ”",0
7366,Electors Flooded With Nasty Calls and Death Threats: “Demand Electoral College Switch to Hillary”,"
This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Editor’s Comment: The blowback from Team Hillary, over their rage and anger at losing the election continues to build, and it is reaching an unsettling point. All sides seem determined to drag out their differences into the street, but not before first attempting to overthrow the electoral college. 
Since the election, people have been lobbying – or bullying – individual electors in various states, and have left angry, threatening messages and worse. Ironically, those who have threatened violence and attempted to insist on altering the results of the election are trying to convince the electors that Donald Trump is unfit to be president because of his divisive and offensive comments, and his tendency to attack various groups. 
More Electors Get Death Threats From Hillary Voters 
by Paul Joseph Watson
A member of the electoral commission in Texas says his colleagues are getting death threats as angry Hillary supporters ramp up the pressure before electors cast their vote on December 19th.

Hillary voters around the country are bombarding electors with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election.
“At first everyone was kinda enchanted by it. Now all the electors are starting to get beaten down. There are some electors who have been threatened with harm or with death,” Texas elector Alex Kim told NBC 5. 
“When people ask me to vote for Hillary Clinton, there’s no way,” he said. “I reject the Democratic Party principles and I reject Hillary Clinton.”
Kim said he had a message for all the people who are trying to pressure him into changing his vote; “Go to hell”.
As we previously reported , another elector in Michigan said he has also received a number of death threats, including a promise that he would be shot in the head if he voted for Trump.
“I’ve had people talk about shoving a gun in my mouth and blowing my brains out. And I’ve received dozens and dozens of those emails. Even the non-threatening-my-life emails are very aggressive,” Michael Banerian told the Detroit News, adding that he has been labeled a “hateful bigot” by the same people who are violently threatening him.
A petition to demand electors change their vote to Clinton has also surpassed 4.5 million signatures.
Meanwhile on Twitter, Hillary supporters are organizing on how to pressure electors under the hashtag #HamiltonElectors , a reference to Mike Pence being lectured by a cast member of the musical show.
Unfortunately for them, conservatives found the hashtag and have now largely taken it over to decry leftists attempting to overturn the results of a democratic election.
This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . ",0
7367,Heroic Prego Advertisement Replaces Refreshed Webpage’s Presidential Campaign Banner - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hillary Clinton Waiting In Wings Of Stage Since 6 A.M. For DNC Speech PHILADELPHIA—Saying she arrived hours before any of the members of the production crew, sources confirmed Thursday that presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been waiting in the wings of the Wells Fargo Center stage since six o’clock this morning to deliver her speech at the Democratic National Convention. Depressed, Butter-Covered Tom Vilsack Enters Sixth Day Of Corn Bender After Losing VP Spot WASHINGTON—Saying she has grown increasingly concerned about her husband’s mental and physical well-being since last Friday, Christie Vilsack, the wife of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, told reporters Thursday that the despondent, butter-covered cabinet member has entered the sixth day of a destructive corn bender after being passed over for the Democratic vice presidential spot. DNC Speech: ‘I Am Proud To Say I Walked In On Bill And Hillary Having Sex’ A friend of the Clinton family describes a Hillary who America never gets to see: the one he saw having sex. Trump Sick And Tired Of Mainstream Media Always Trying To Put His Words Into Some Sort Of Context NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the practice was just more evidence of journalists’ bias against him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated Thursday that he was sick and tired of the mainstream media always attempting to place his words into some kind of context. Who’s Speaking At The DNC: Day 4 Here is a guide to the major speakers who will be addressing attendees on the final night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention Bound, Gagged Joaquin Castro Horrified By What His Identical Twin Brother Might Be Doing Out On DNC Floor PHILADELPHIA—Struggling to free himself from the tightly wound lengths of rope binding his wrists and ankles together, bruised and gagged Texas congressman Joaquin Castro was reportedly horrified by what his identical twin brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro, might be out doing on the floor of the DNC Thursday. Obama: ‘Hillary Will Fight To Protect My Legacy, Even The Truly Detestable Parts’ PHILADELPHIA—Emphasizing the former secretary of state’s competence and tenacity during his Democratic National Convention address Wednesday night, President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton as someone who would work tirelessly to defend and advance the legacy he had built, even the “truly repugnant parts.” Tim Kaine Clearly Tuning Out In Middle Of Boring Vice Presidential Acceptance Speech PHILADELPHIA—Describing the look of total disinterest on his face and noting how he kept peering down at his watch as the speech progressed, sources at the Democratic National Convention said that Virginia senator Tim Kaine clearly began tuning out partway through the boring vice presidential acceptance address Wednesday night. Cannon Overshoots Tim Kaine Across Wells Fargo Center PHILADELPHIA—Noting that the vice presidential nominee had been launched nearly 100 feet into the air during his entrance into the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, sources reported that the cannon at the back of the Wells Fargo Center had accidentally overshot Tim Kaine across the arena, sending him crashing to the stage several dozen feet beyond the erected safety net. Biden Regales DNC With Story Of ’80s Girl Band Vixen Breaking Hard Rock’s Glass Ceiling PHILADELPHIA—Devoting a large portion of his speech to the “pioneering, stiffy-inducing” all-female quartet, Vice President Joe Biden regaled the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night with the rousing story of the metal band Vixen breaking hard rock’s glass ceiling in the late 1980s. ",0
7368,"A Mother Criticizes Vince Staples, and the Rapper Defends Her - The New York Times","Musicians do not usually respond with patience when listeners refer to their music as “filth. ” So the tweets that Vince Staples sent early Wednesday morning in response to a viral video of a mother criticizing his work were surprising, particularly to those unfamiliar with Mr. Staples’s worldview. In a video posted to YouTube last month, a mother of four girls, who does not identify herself by name, says that she was driving her daughter to school when she heard “Norf Norf,” a song from Mr. Staples’s 2015 album “Summertime ’06. ” “This rap song comes on. Guys, I could not believe what I was hearing,” she says, adding that she usually tunes her car radio to Christian music but put on a “top hits” station at her   ’s request. “This is on our local radio station? This crap is being played?” She continues, “I couldn’t even believe the words I was listening to. As a mom, it infuriated me. ” The      video has received more than 800, 000 views. The lyrics of “Norf Norf” are explicit, painting a violent picture of Mr. Staples’ adolescent years in Long Beach, Calif. In her reaction video, the mother reads the words aloud, bursting into tears several times. She seems particularly taken aback by the repetitive line of the chorus: “I ain’t never ran from nothin’ but the police. ” “Let’s just encourage kids to run from the police because that’s O. K. right? ,” she says. “We wonder why this society is so messed up  —   just listen to the music. ” But responding to the video on Wednesday, Mr. Staples said that the woman seemed confused and frightened, and went on to defend her. “No person needs to be attacked for their opinion on what they see to be appropriate for their children,” Mr. Staples tweeted. “They have a right to it. ” He continued, “This misunderstanding of our community leads to miscommunication which we should convert into a progressive dialogue. ” He then declared that he was done speaking about the issue. Mr. Staples’s tweets, which were meant  to clarify earlier comments in The Independent, were a contrast to the mother’s disgust and to those who had mocked her ignorance about rap by responding to the video with laughing emojis or syncing the audio from the YouTube video with the beat of “Norf Norf. ” Others blasted her comments as racist and ignorant. David Dennis Jr. a journalism professor at Morehouse College who has covered   online for close to a decade, said that Mr. Staples’s thoughtful reaction was “extremely unusual. ” “Twitter is 140 characters of quick reactions and not a lot of nuance whatsoever,” Mr. Dennis said. “There are brilliant people who, when they get on Twitter, they sort of become the lowest common denominators of themselves. ” He said that the rapper’s experience as a public figure with a vast online following may have helped him empathize with the mother. “As a famous rapper, he sort of knows how Twitter mob mentality works,” Mr. Dennis said. “Through the lens of somebody who goes viral a lot, I think that empathy is something he learned. ” In an interview in The Fader soon after “Summertime ‘06” was released, Mr. Staples talked about people he knew who were trapped in a cycle of gang violence. His attitude toward them mirrored his comments about the mother. “I just want to help people understand that we don’t get to pick, bro,” he said. “We don’t get to pick where we was from. That ain’t how it works. ”",0
7369,"Donald Trump Prepares for White House Move, but His Tower May Still Beckon - The New York Times","  Donald J. Trump won the White House with an outsider’s populist promise to “drain the swamp” of Washington. Now, as he prepares to assume the presidency, an open question remains about the capital he repeatedly spurned: Just how much is he willing to become a part of it? Mr. Trump, a homebody who often flew several hours late at night during the campaign so he could wake up in his own bed in Trump Tower, is talking with his advisers about how many nights a week he will spend in the White House. He has told them he would like to do what he is used to, which is spending time in New York when he can. The future first lady, Melania Trump, expects to move to Washington. But the couple’s    son, Barron, is midway through a school year in New York, and it is unclear when the move would happen. The questions reflect what Mr. Trump’s advisers described as the  ’s coming to grips with the fact that his life is about to change radically. They say that Mr. Trump, who was shocked when he won the election, might spend most of the week in Washington, much like members of Congress, and return to Trump Tower or his golf course in Bedminster, N. J. or his    estate in Palm Beach on weekends. Hanging on to the familiar for   and their families is not unusual. There were early questions about whether Michelle Obama would leave Chicago and move to the White House in early 2009 and disrupt her daughters’ school years, but the whole family moved in the day of the inaugural. Mr. Trump’s advisers hold out the possibility that the   may spend more time in the White House as he grows less overwhelmed and more comfortable in the job. Still, Mr. Trump has spent the last three decades, for the most part, cosseted within Trump Tower. His apartment is on the 58th floor, and a designated elevator takes him from there to his office on the 26th floor. He wakes at 5 o’clock most mornings, reads The New York Post, The New York Times and a handful of other newspapers, and tunes into the morning television news shows. In the final months of the campaign, he would hang around his apartment until about 10 a. m. joining his aides in the office later. Mr. Trump’s affection for his penthouse apartment runs deep, as his biographer, Michael D’Antonio, learned when Mr. Trump invited him inside the   unit in 2014 for an extended interview. Mr. Trump reveled in recalling the challenges required to design and build the apartment, decorated in   gold and marble in the Louis XIV style, saying he simply wanted to see if such an ambitious undertaking could be accomplished. He described it less as a home than a tribute to his own  . “I really wanted to see if it could be done,” Mr. Trump said at the time, as he showed Mr. D’Antonio around the apartment. “This is a very complex unit. Building this unit, if you look at the columns and the carvings, this building, this unit was harder than building the building itself. ” Yet after meeting with President Obama  on Thursday and touring the White House, Mr. Trump, according to two people briefed on his thinking, was taken with that building over all and marveled at the neoclassical architecture and history. Returning home to Trump Tower from the White House may not be Mr. Trump’s only embrace of the familiar. His aides say he has also expressed interest in continuing to hold the large rallies that were a staple of his candidacy. He likes the instant gratification and adulation that the cheering crowds provide, and his aides are discussing how they might accommodate his demand. “I think Trump has discovered that these rallies are tremendous opportunities for him to get his message out,” said Christopher Ruddy, chief executive of Newsmax Media, a conservative website. “It’s actually sort of   that you want to actually meet people and press the flesh with him. ” Not least, Mr. Trump is finding Twitter a familiar comfort, although it is unclear if he will be the first president to wholly control his own Twitter account once he is in the White House. “I know they’re willing to be unorthodox and want to be true to themselves and not fall into a habit of let’s just follow precedent on what’s been done,” said Mike DuHaime, an adviser to Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who supported Mr. Trump shortly after ending his own White House bid and who stepped back as the head of the  ’s transition team on Friday. Mr. Trump’s aides got him to agree to restrict his use of Twitter in the waning days of his campaign, but on Thursday, his second day as   Mr. Trump posted the kind of Twitter missive for which he has become known: a message complaining that “professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. ” “Very unfair!” he wrote. Mr. Trump checked himself later when he offered a more unifying message: “Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud. ” For now Mr. Trump remains in Trump Tower receiving congratulations, thanking those who stayed with him and venting to associates his lingering grievances with the news media over coverage of the campaign. He has stayed in touch with reporters at Fox News, checking in to ask about ratings and, as he has done for months, polling people about whom he should put in top jobs. One constant is that the small cadre of aides and advisers who signed on with the campaign in its early,   days will probably have jobs in the administration, should they want them. They have been told that all of the campaign staff will be taken care of. “It was such a small operation and it’s such a big government, so it’s very natural they’re going to look to the people who went with them early and stuck with them through thick and thin,” Mr. DuHaime said.",0
7370,David Duke’s Senate Run in Louisiana Draws Attention but Not Support - The New York Times,"MANDEVILLE, La.  —   It has so far been a mostly humdrum race for Louisiana’s open United States Senate seat, likely to end in a victory for some veteran officeholder: the Republican state treasurer, one of the congressmen, maybe even, in a surprise, a Democratic public service commissioner. But there have been gritted teeth across the state that the one candidate who has drawn by far the most attention, nationally and even internationally, is the one whom pollsters give virtually no chance, whose own party has publicly dismissed  as a “  fraud” and whose unfavorability ratings approach those of North Korea’s. That candidate is a previous   political contender, and     David Duke. Mr. Duke, the former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard and open Nazi sympathizer, relishes his fame and the conundrum facing his critics, who insist on ignoring him but have been forced not to. At a time when the openly white nationalist “ ” has rallied to the candidacy of Donald J. Trump, Mr. Duke’s reappearance on the scene seems practically inevitable. “After four decades, the issues that I’ve spearheaded and fought for are now mainstream,” Mr. Duke said at a seafood restaurant here, sitting across from a large, taciturn diesel mechanic turned bodyguard. Talking of what he called the egregiousness of   immigration, the war on Christmas, the nefarious plotting of the “Jewish elite” and the “cultural destruction” of white America, Mr. Duke was already declaring a sort of victory on the issues: “I’ve won, in the sense that these are now mainstream. ” On the one hand, Mr. Duke is widely seen here as a uniquely poisonous figure who must be publicly opposed, hence the recent reformation of a      group, The Louisiana Coalition Against Racism and Nazism. The group includes former governors and United States senators, as well as Representative Steve Scalise, the   House Republican, who faced a national firestorm two years ago when it was revealed that he had spoken to a   group in 2002. On the other hand, many of those who watched over the years as Mr. Duke attracted worldwide media attention and hauled in donations from his fans  —   a good deal of which he later pleaded guilty to spending on gambling and other personal pursuits  —   say the Duke campaign is just a tired publicity stunt. “The less you talk about him, the worse off he gets,” said Roy Fletcher, a Republican political consultant. Clancy DuBos, a political commentator who has covered Mr. Duke for decades, dismissed the media attention as “cheap headlines and click bait. ” “He’s not in this to win the Senate, he’s in this to make money,” he said. The state Republican Party, having condemned Mr. Duke, recently considered, but did not adopt, rules barring him and any other convicted felons from running as Republicans in the future. It is not as if there were few options for voters on the right: John Neely Kennedy, the state treasurer and presumed Republican   in the Senate race, has said he would “rather drink weed killer than support Obamacare,” and he is considered to be among the moderates. Along with Mr. Kennedy, there are also two sitting congressmen, a retired Air Force colonel and five other Republican candidates vying for the seat being left by David Vitter. Under Louisiana’s system, the two top   out of the two dozen candidates running in November’s nonpartisan    primary will head to a December runoff. Pollsters of both parties say they have trouble seeing Mr. Duke making the cut. Still, many nervously recall the shock of his one successful campaign, for a legislative seat in 1989, and how he won strong majorities of the white vote statewide in his subsequent unsuccessful bids for United States Senate and for governor. And for all the talk about not giving Mr. Duke attention, Democrats from the state party all the way up to Hillary Clinton have jumped at every opportunity to talk about him, and draw connections between Mr. Duke’s candidacy and the Trump campaign. “It’s not overstating things to say that Duke has a shot in this climate,” said Caroline Fayard, a Democratic Senate candidate, who has made opposition to Mr. Duke a central part of her campaign. Plenty of Trump supporters, including other Republican Senate candidates, have come out unequivocally against Mr. Duke. Mr. Trump himself, after some pressure, disavowed him after having first claimed not to know anything about him, though in 2000, Mr. Trump called him a bigot and a Klansman. Still, this is one area where the Democrats and the Duke campaign see eye to eye. “The views that Donald Trump is talking about now were David’s platform decades ago,” said Mike Lawrence, Mr. Duke’s campaign manager, a former state auditor who was kicked out of a recent state Republican Party meeting. And like Mr. Trump, Mr. Lawrence said, “Duke has become a narcotic to the media no Duke coverage in the short term and withdrawal sets in. ” At the restaurant, after a discourse on the evils of   fish, Mr. Duke denied being a racist (though he wrote in his 1998 autobiography that blacks were inherently less intelligent, more violent and more prone to “exaggerated sexual aggression” than whites) or an   (though he accused Jews of “brainwashing” whites in order to push policies “that will destroy us”). But he has embraced the current political moment. Brushing aside Mr. Trump’s disavowals, he described the Trump campaign as something of a scene setter for his own return to politics, after spending years lecturing in Russia and other European countries, though he was expelled from some and arrested in others. The police shootings in Dallas and Baton Rouge clinched his decision to run, because, Mr. Duke said, they clarified the existential threat faced by whites. “There’s a revolution going on in the Republican Party right now,” he said, describing the opposition movements within the party to Mr. Trump’s candidacy and to his own as “synonymous, absolutely synonymous. ” A server came to the table. Mr. Duke, apparently a regular, introduced him as Craig Williams, whose father, Louis Calvin Williams, was in New York on business on Sept. 11, 2001, and was one of five Louisianans to die in that day’s attacks. Mr. Duke asked Mr. Williams to explain to a reporter why his campaign should succeed. “I think they just need to stop letting all these people in,” Mr. Williams said. “You say the slightest thing and everything is race now,” he continued. “It didn’t used to be that way. ” After the interview, the bodyguard having left, Mr. Duke walked out to his white Mercedes and rummaged through the trunk for copies of books he had written to back up claims about Jewish global domination. A couple of days later, as Senate candidates shook hands with voters at the annual Shrimp and Petroleum Festival, Mr. Duke was giving an interview to a television station from Denmark.",0
7371,Top Russian expert on Ukraine: Could Trump replace Poroshenko with Saakashvili?,"November 12, 2016 - Fort Russ -  Viktor Pirozhenko, Izvestiya - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


On her Facebook page, Verkhovna Rada deputy Nadezhda Savchenko urged future US President Donald Trump to maintain and strengthen sanctions against Russia. In fact, she foreshadowed similar, official calls of the sort from Kiev to the new US administration.  
Such calls will necessarily follow insofar as the entire foreign policy of the Kiev regime is based on simple-minded and destructive assumptions: lobbying the West for extending anti-Russian sanctions and begging for aid and loans.  
However, likely changes in US foreign policy under Trump, including in relations with the Kiev regime, as well as internal political processes in Ukraine itself could seriously change both the relationship between Kiev and Washington and the balance of political forces within the Kiev regime.  
Overall, the situation in Ukraine is developing in the direction of early parliamentary elections with the possibility of nominating the now former head of the Odessa regional administration, Mikhail Saakashvili, for president in 2019. 
The US itself long ago formulated the clear demand for a new, distinctly pro-American oriented political force that could replace the Maidan politicians of the first wave. Washington, in the face of the departing Obama Administration, has finally refused to trust Poroshenko, Yatsenyuk, Avakov, and their entourage. 
Donald Trump, on the basis of his foreign policy ideas, will most likely significantly reduce the US’ active participation in ideologically-driven foreign policy actions like the Obama Administration’s policy in Ukraine.  
During his election campaign, Trump promised to transition US foreign policy to ""breaking even"" and threatened to stimulate America’s European allies to take greater responsibility for Ukraine upon themselves.  
In this situation, the number of those in Ukraine who want to show that replacing the corrupt government of Poroshenko and the People’s Front with a new pro-American government will allow the West to economize on aid to Ukraine is increasing. Trump’s foreign policy positions paradoxically give Saakashvili and the pro-American groups oriented towards him in Kiev an additional argument for the new administration and a powerful lever of pressure on Poroshenko and his entourage. We will soon see how Trump will react to these arguments. 
In addition to Saakashvili and his Volna (""Wave"") party, the “Leshchenko-Nayem group” is trying to become the new pro-Western bet in Ukraine. This group makes up the core of the Democratic Alliance party and a large mass of the pro-Western oriented public opinion leaders and influential officials in Kiev and in the regions. 
Washington’s unwillingness to destabilize the overall socio-political situation in Ukraine to such an extent that it would spin out of the US’ control is, like before, hindering the Americans from removing Poroshenko from the post of president. Poroshenko remains, but in such a situation, the role and importance of those pro-American oriented political forces who will start keeping a close eye on the corrupt team of the head of the Kiev regime will only grow. 
Washington’s claims against Kiev, duplicated by the American column in Ukraine, concern the lack of professionalism in the state administration, the indulgence of corruption, the use of grey financial schemes in the economy, robbing the budget, the misuse of foreign loans, etc.  
At the present moment, the anti-Poroshenko and pro-American forces in Ukrainian politics remain fragmented, but they now understand the necessity of unifying.  
The problem is that the “young reformers” that the Obama Administrated hedged its bets in Ukraine on, just like the third pro-American forces (besides the Poroshenko Bloc and People’s Front) have turned out to be at loggerheads with the future US president, Trump.  
Deputies Sergey Leshchenko and Mustafa Nayem are favorites of Joe Biden and Victoria Nuland who openly played along with Hillary Clinton’s election campaign. Leshchenko personally initiated the ""off-the-books"" scandal with the Party of Regions which forced Paul Manafort, the head of Trump’s election headquarters, to leave his post. The only chance for them now is to escape to Saakashvili’s patronage, who will be the only one in the Kiev regime that didn’t play in any anti-Trump campaign. 
Saakashvilli and his party, just like the Democratic Alliance, Yulia Tymoshenko’s Fatherland party, and the Opposition Bloc, are interested in early parliamentary elections and are likely to promote them. Saakashvili’s resignation, urgent party building, and the convulsive social and political activity of Poroshenko’s opponents show that no one in the opposition wants to wait until 2019. And so, a congress of the Democratic Alliance party is being prepared which will finally determine a program and elect a leadership. Someone is also trying to organize Volna.  
Whether the Trump Administration will give a green light to early parliamentary elections is unknown. However, Poroshenko’s competitors are obviously counting on their activism to influence the Trump Administration’s position and put the need to support such choices in front of it.  

In one way or another, some of Poroshenko’s competitors have perceived the change of government in the US not only as a challenge, but as a window of opportunity for themselves. Taking into account this factor, the development of events in Ukraine increases the likelihood of a change in the balance of political forces and early parliamentary elections.  
     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
7372,Wikileaks: Clinton Foundation’s ‘Pay-To-Play’ With Ukraine Oligarch To Show Support For Coup,"Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 9:58:55 AM To: Amitabh Desai Cc: Jon Davidson; Margaret Steenburg; Jake Sullivan; Dan Schwerin; Huma Abedin; John Podesta Subject: Re: Victor Pinchuk 
Team HRC – we’ll get back to you on this 
On Mar 30, 2015, at 9:53 AM, Amitabh Desai <ami@presidentclinton.com> wrote:>> Victor Pinchuk is relentlessly following up (including this morning) about a meeting with WJC in London or anywhere in Europe. Ideally he wants to bring together a few western leaders to show support for Ukraine, with WJC probably their most important participant. If that’s not palatable for us, then he’d like a bilat with WJC.>> If it’s not next week, that’s fine, but he wants a date. I keep saying we have no Europe plans, although we do have those events in London in June. Are folks comfortable offering Victor a private meeting on one of those dates? At this point I get the impression that although I keep saying WJC cares about Ukraine, Pinchuk feels like WJC hasn’t taken enough action to demonstrate that, particularly during this existential moment for the county and for him.> > I sense this is so important because Pinchuk is under Putin’s heel right now, feeling a great degree of pressure and pain for his many years of nurturing stronger ties with the West. >> I get all the downsides and share the concerns. I am happy to go back and say no. It would just be good to know what WJC (and HRC and you all) would like to do, because this will likely impact the future of this relationship, and slow walking our reply will only reinforce his growing angst. >> Thanks, and sorry for the glum note on a Monday morning… 

RT further reports on the pay-to-play involving Pinchuk and The Clinton Foundation… 
In 2008, Viktor Pinchuk, who made a fortune in the pipe-building business, pledged a five-year, $29-million commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative, a program that works to train future Ukrainian leaders “to modernize Ukraine.” The Wall Street Journal revealed the donations the fund received from foreigners abroad between 2009-2014 in their report published earlier this week . 
Several alumni of the program have already graduated into the ranks of Ukraine’s parliament, while a former Clinton pollster went to work as a lobbyist for Pinchuk at the same time Clinton was working in government. 
Between 2009 and 2013, the very period when Hillary Clinton was serving as US secretary of state, the Clinton Foundation appears to have received at least $8.6 million from the Victor Pinchuk Foundation. 
That places Ukraine as the leading contributor among foreign donators to the Clinton Foundation. 
The Pinchuk foundation said its donations to the Clinton-family organization were designed to make Ukraine “a successful, free, modern country based on European values.” It went on to remark that if Pinchuk was hoping to lobby the US State Department about Ukraine, “this cannot be seen as anything but a good thing,” WSJ quoted it as saying. 
However, critics have pointed to some disturbing aspects regarding the donations, including the coincidence of the Ukrainian crisis, which began in November 2013, and the heavy amount of cash donations being made to the Clinton Foundation on behalf of wealthy Ukrainian businessmen. 
This article originally appeared on The Duran. Be Sociable, Share!",0
7373,Sonnie Johnson: The People Marc Lamont Hill Calls ‘Mediocre Negroes’,"Earlier this week on the #FakeNewsNetwork CNN, Marc Lamont Hill said   Donald Trump’s diversity coalition are “a bunch of mediocre negroes being dragged in front of TV as a   for Donald Trump’s exploitative campaign against black people. ”[The Morehouse College professor also made his feelings about Steve Harvey’s meeting with Donald Trump very clear:    …    my disagreement is the way in which [Steve Harvey is] being used by folk like Donald Trump. Again, his intention is just to have a seat at the table. But when you’re at the table, you should have experts at the table. You should have people who can challenge the president at the table.   …     Because all  —   because they keep bringing up comedians and actors and athletes to represent black interests is demeaning, it’s disrespectful, and it’s condescending. Bring some people up there with some expertise, Donald Trump, don’t just bring up people to entertain. ” For my own sanity, I had to take a trip down memory lane. In June 2008, Barack Obama refused to meet with the black power brokers in Harlem, which led to Jesse Jackson desperately wishing to “cut his [Barack Obama’s] nuts out. ” In March 2010, to flex their muscles, the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) voted unanimously against an Obama “jobs” bill. They got a meeting. As Congresswoman Yvette Clarke ( ) explained: [President Obama] reached out to us because last week the caucus in a show of unity did something unprecedented in quite some time, actually. And that is to stand together to vote against what was called the jobs bill last week. We felt that it was important to highlight the fact that while we understand the crisis that small business is facing, the bill fell woefully short in terms of addressing needs in communities of color to really get people employed. In August 2011, while speaking before an audience at Detroit’s Wayne County Community College, another Congressional Black Caucus member, Congresswoman Maxine Waters ( ) was asked why Obama wasn’t visiting black communities during his bus tour of Midwestern states. She responded: We’re supportive of the president, but we’re getting tired. We’re getting tired. And so, what we want to do is, we want to give the president every opportunity to show what he can do and what he’s prepared to lead on. We want to give him every opportunity, but our people are hurting. The unemployment is unconscionable. We don’t know what the strategy is. We don’t know why on this trip that he’s in the United States now, he’s not in any black community. We don’t know that. ” In 2012, it was so bad, there was a Change. org petition for President Obama to meet with the Congressional Black Caucus. The petition read: Congresswoman Marica Fudge ( ) who leads the Congressional Black Caucus, (CBC) has asked for a meeting with President Obama since January. The President still has not found time to meet with the CBC, though he seems to find time to meet with every other constituency. True, he has lots on his plate. But is is very disrespectful NOT to have this meeting with a key core constituency, especially one that voted for him at 97 percent. At this point in The Obama Presidency, this is a disgraceful way to treat the duly elected Congressional representatives of his core national African American constituency. National Black Wall Street USA movement joins the call for President Obama to immediately schedule a meeting with The Congressional Black Caucus! In July 2013, the Congressional Black Caucus FINALLY got another meeting with President Obama. They discussed voting rights, the economy, and immigration. However, a   meeting wasn’t scheduled. In August 2014, riots started in Ferguson, Missouri. The Justice Department was dispatched, and this entire record of disrespect by the first black President towards the Congressional Black Caucus was forgotten. All the CBC wanted was a seat at the table. These are the experts, right? The purpose for my trip down memory lane wasn’t to play “hypocrisy gotcha” with Marc Lamont Hill. I wanted to remind the American people, and the Congressional Black Caucus, how irrelevant the CBC has been to Barack Obama’s presidency. That reminder is important as Congressman John Lewis ( ) is championed for standing up to Donald Trump, when he couldn’t even get a meeting with Barack Obama. If I can paraphrase the words of Marc Lamont Hill, they  —   the Congressional Black Caucus  —   couldn’t even get a seat at the table, and they are the experts. What’s really funny? On December 14, 2016, I tweeted: “Trump invites Blacks with ideas on improving communities. Obama invites them to perform. ” Trump invites Blacks with ideas on improving communities.  Obama invites them to perform.  —   DidSheSayThat (@SonnieJohnson) December 14, 2016,  The comment was in relation to   Donald Trump meeting with Ray Lewis and Jim Brown. I’m guessing these are the “athletes” whose meetings with Trump Marc Lamont Hill finds “condescending. ” I refuse to justify Marc Lamont Hill’s characterization of these men by stating their rags to riches stories. I don’t defend men. I defend ideas, and Marc Lamont Hill’s idea of black mediocrity needs to be exposed. This is why I love Breitbart. Let me turn into #DidSheSayThat Sonnie Johnson real quick. I have been fighting the Republicans and conservatives to include black culture for years. In fact, the entire #DidSheSayThat podcast is a mix of conservative intellect with Hip Hop culture. It’s what I do. By choosing this path, I have lost my seat at the “conservative intellectual” table. Republicans and conservatives looked at Hip Hop artists as nothing but entertainers. For years I’ve argued they are entrepreneurs, spouses, parents  —   they came from these Democratic hellholes, and they can help get the people out. While my intellect has never been questioned and my conservatism is second to none, my love of Hip Hop and support of its culture only have a home on Breitbart. If you ask an African American Republican or conservative intellectual about me, they would probably label me  …     mediocre. I don’t use their buzzwords, source their white papers, or talk about the Democrat plantation. I must come to them humbly, acknowledge their years of Republican service, and denounce Hip Hop to receive my place at the table. Not happening. This is not a trait of the Progressive left. This is a trait of the elites in BOTH political parties.   Donald Trump is changing that, and I pray the more people like Marc Lamont Hill criticize his outreach, the more he understands it’s working.",0
7374,NATO to Further Militarize the Black Sea - Peter Korzun,"Reality check media NATO to Further Militarize the Black Sea 
A permanent presence of non-Black Sea NATO members in the Black Sea is on the horizon Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The October 26-27 NATO defense ministers meeting confirmed the decisions to beef up the military posture against Russia along its borders. The plans to boost presence in the Baltic States and Poland were approved at the bloc’s Warsaw summit in July but the issue of strengthening Black Sea presence was hung in the air. The idea of forming a ""Black Sea Fleet"" did not materialize. 
This time the defense chiefs agreed to significantly boost allied forces specifically in that region. The US, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Turkey indicated their willingness to contribute. Other countries are also expected to join. Romania and Bulgaria will host an increased air force presence, designed to undertake surveillance missions over the Black Sea. Starting next year, Romania also hopes to head a multinational force there. The UK, Canada and Poland will send aircraft to be based in the Romanian southeastern Mihail Kogalniceanu air base. 
Romania, Bulgaria and Turkey are also expected to come forward with a plan to increase naval and air patrols in the area by the beginning of 2017. The US supports the Romania’s initiative to establish a multinational naval brigade in the region. The plans on enhancing Black Sea presence will be finalized during another meeting of NATO’s defense ministers in February. The proposals on two basic elements for the maritime component – a strengthened training framework and a coordination body for the Black Sea that reports to the specialized NATO command – are expected to be submitted for consideration by that time. 
Sofia and Bucharest would work together and define their takes on the increased NATO deployment in the Black Sea by December. With the naval brigade on the agenda, Bulgaria has agreed to participate with 400 troops in the multinational brigade in Romania. The unit is intended to facilitate the flow of forces throughout the region. 
According to Doug Lute, US ambassador to NATO, that amounts to a new land presence in NATO’s southeast. Romania calls for a regular trilateral format of joint naval exercises in the Black Sea, along with Turkey and Bulgaria, with the eventual participation of non-littoral NATO members. US servicemen conduct periodic training exercises on Romanian and Bulgarian firing ranges. 
NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg said Georgia and Ukraine will be fully involved in the plans. According to him, «It is important to have close contact with partner countries like Ukraine and Georgia—being non-NATO members but NATO partners—and to dialogue with them regarding our increased presence in the Black Sea». 
In September, US and Bulgarian aircraft launched joint regular patrols in the Black Sea. The patrolling mission greatly increases the risk of an accident, especially with the Russian S-400 long range systems stationed in Crimea. 
A NATO naval task force permanently deployed in the Black Sea will require non-Black Sea states to rotate their ships every 21 days, raising the cost of the operation, in line with the provisions of the Montreux Convention (1936). Bulgarian, Romanian, Ukrainian and Georgian navies can hardly make a significant contribution. It will put on the agenda the need for major NATO seafaring members hand over some of their own warships to them. One of the ideas under consideration is reflagging some NATO naval assets under the three Black Sea members’ flags to boost permanent naval capabilities in the theater. Politically, bringing together NATO and non-NATO ships together under one operational control is a highly provocative step towards Russia. 
US destroyers and cruisers visit the Black Sea from time to time to provide NATO with long range first strike capability. The Romania-based BMD system uses the Mk-41 launcher capable of firing Tomahawk long range precision-guided missiles against land assets. 
The NATO’s decision to beef up its presence in the Black Sea comes just four months after it unveiled the deployment of 4,000 soldiers to the Baltic republics and Poland, backed up by a rapid reaction force of some 40,000 troops capable of reaching the region in days. Romania already hosts a ballistic missile defense (BMD) with the plans under way to have another operational BMD system deployed on Polish soil in 2018. 
The NATO plans are doomed to be counterproductive bringing more escalatory than deterrent value. They will inevitably provoke Russia into taking measures in response. The Black Sea will become a region of uncontrollable arms race. For instance, with the NATO Aegis Ashore BMD system deployed, Romania has become a target for Russia’s military as it had been warned. 
Rather symbolically the announcement of the plans coincided with the news that Russia launched on October 26 Veliky Novgorod super-stealth submarine capable of striking land, sea and underwater targets - the latest addition to Russia’s Black Sea Fleet. Kolpino - another Varshavyanka-class submarine – will be launched in November. 
The Russian territory is protected by Russia's Bastion-P (K-300P) anti-ship coastal defense missile systems equipped with Onyx missiles. 
These Mach 2.6 supersonic missiles are highly maneuverable, difficult to detect and have a range of nearly 300 kilometers. With the help of the Monolith-B radar station, the system is capable of obtaining over-the-horizon target designation many miles beyond the horizon. The long range cruise missile capable Su-24 supersonic attack aircraft are already deployed in Crimea. By deploying a naval group to the Black Sea, NATO puts it at risk. 
The militarization of the region against the background of high tensions is a very negative trend. An accident may spark a big fire. The just announced NATO plans testify to the intention of NATO’s leadership to turn the Black Sea into a ""NATO lake"" permanently patrolled by a naval task flotilla with air cover in the proximity of Russian border. The October 26-27 NATO defense ministers’ meeting illustrated the fact that the alliance is shifting to a Cold War-era security framework . 
The decision to militarize the Black Sea will make Russia and NATO balance on the brink of conflict instead of joining together in the fight against terrorists - the common enemy. The costly effort will require a lot of time and effort to make the world less safe.",0
7375,Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar Against North Korean Missiles - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Three years ago, President Barack Obama ordered Pentagon officials to step up their cyber and electronic strikes against North Korea’s missile program in hopes of sabotaging test launches in their opening seconds. Soon a large number of the North’s military rockets began to explode, veer off course, disintegrate in midair and plunge into the sea. Advocates of such efforts say they believe that targeted attacks have given American antimissile defenses a new edge and delayed by several years the day when North Korea will be able to threaten American cities with nuclear weapons launched atop intercontinental ballistic missiles. But other experts have grown increasingly skeptical of the new approach, arguing that manufacturing errors, disgruntled insiders and sheer incompetence can also send missiles awry. Over the past eight months, they note, the North has managed to successfully launch three   rockets. And Kim   the North Korean leader, now claims his country is in “the final stage in preparations” for the inaugural test of his intercontinental missiles  —   perhaps a bluff, perhaps not. An examination of the Pentagon’s disruption effort, based on interviews with officials of the Obama and Trump administrations as well as a review of extensive but obscure public records, found that the United States still does not have the ability to effectively counter the North Korean nuclear and missile programs. Those threats are far more resilient than many experts thought, The New York Times’s reporting found, and pose such a danger that Mr. Obama, as he left office, warned President Trump they were likely to be the most urgent problem he would confront. Mr. Trump has signaled his preference to respond aggressively against the North Korean threat. In a Twitter post after Mr. Kim first issued his warning on New Year’s Day, the president wrote, “It won’t happen!” Yet like Mr. Obama before him, Mr. Trump is quickly discovering that he must choose from highly imperfect options. He could order the escalation of the Pentagon’s cyber and electronic warfare effort, but that carries no guarantees. He could open negotiations with the North to freeze its nuclear and missile programs, but that would leave a looming threat in place. He could prepare for direct missile strikes on the launch sites, which Mr. Obama also considered, but there is little chance of hitting every target. He could press the Chinese to cut off trade and support, but Beijing has always stopped short of steps that could lead to the regime’s collapse. In two meetings of Mr. Trump’s national security deputies in the Situation Room, the most recent on Tuesday, all those options were discussed, along with the possibility of reintroducing nuclear weapons to South Korea as a dramatic warning. Administration officials say those issues will soon go to Mr. Trump and his top national security aides. The decision to intensify the cyber and electronic strikes, in early 2014, came after Mr. Obama concluded that the $300 billion spent since the Eisenhower era on traditional antimissile systems, often compared to hitting “a bullet with a bullet,” had failed the core purpose of protecting the continental United States. Flight tests of interceptors based in Alaska and California had an overall failure rate of 56 percent, under   conditions. Privately, many experts warned the system would fare worse in real combat. So the Obama administration searched for a better way to destroy missiles. It reached for techniques the Pentagon had long been experimenting with under the rubric of “left of launch,” because the attacks begin before the missiles ever reach the launchpad, or just as they lift off. For years, the Pentagon’s most senior officers and officials have publicly advocated these kinds of sophisticated attacks in   testimony to Congress and at defense conferences. The Times inquiry began last spring as the number of the North’s missile failures soared. The investigation uncovered the military documents praising the new antimissile approach and found some pointing with photos and diagrams to North Korea as one of the most urgent targets. After discussions with the office of the director of national intelligence last year and in recent days with Mr. Trump’s national security team, The Times agreed to withhold details of those efforts to keep North Korea from learning how to defeat them. Last fall, Mr. Kim was widely reported to have ordered an investigation into whether the United States was sabotaging North Korea’s launches, and over the past week he has executed senior security officials. The approach taken in targeting the North Korean missiles has distinct echoes of the   and   sabotage of Iran’s nuclear program, the most sophisticated known use of a cyberweapon meant to cripple a nuclear threat. But even that use of the “Stuxnet” worm in Iran quickly ran into limits. It was effective for several years, until the Iranians figured it out and recovered. And Iran posed a relatively easy target: an underground nuclear enrichment plant that could be attacked repeatedly. In North Korea, the target is much more challenging. Missiles are fired from multiple launch sites around the country and moved about on mobile launchers in an elaborate shell game meant to deceive adversaries. To strike them, timing is critical. Advocates of the sophisticated effort to remotely manipulate data inside North Korea’s missile systems argue the United States has no real alternative because the effort to stop the North from learning the secrets of making nuclear weapons has already failed. The only hope now is stopping the country from developing an intercontinental missile, and demonstrating that destructive threat to the world. “Disrupting their tests,” William J. Perry, secretary of defense in the Clinton administration, said at a recent presentation in Washington, would be “a pretty effective way of stopping their ICBM program. ” Three generations of the Kim family have dreamed that their broken, otherwise failed nation could build its own nuclear weapons, and the missiles to deliver them, as the ultimate survival strategy. With nukes in hand, the Kims have calculated, they need not fear being overrun by South Korea, invaded by the United States or sold out by China. North Korea began seeking an intercontinental ballistic missile decades ago: It was the dream of Kim   the country’s founder, who bitterly remembered the American threats to use nuclear weapons against the North during the Korean War. His break came after the collapse of the Soviet Union, when    Russian rocket scientists began seeking employment in North Korea. Soon, a new generation of North Korean missiles began to appear, all knockoffs of Soviet designs. Though flight tests were sparse, American experts marveled at how the North seemed to avoid the kinds of failures that typically strike new rocket programs, including those of the United States in the late 1950s. The success was so marked that Timothy McCarthy of the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey wrote in a 2001 analysis that Pyongyang’s record “appears completely unique in the history of missile development and production. ” In response, President George W. Bush  in late 2002 announced the deployment of antimissile interceptors in Alaska and California. At the same time, Mr. Bush accelerated programs to get inside the long supply chain of parts for North Korean missiles, lacing them with defects and weaknesses, a technique also used for years against Iran. By the time Mr. Obama took office in January 2009, the North had deployed hundreds of   and   missiles that used Russian designs, and had made billions of dollars selling its Scud missiles to Egypt, Libya, Pakistan, Syria, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen. But it aspired to a new generation of missiles that could fire warheads over much longer distances. In secret cables written in the first year of the Obama administration, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton laid out the emerging threat. Among the most alarming released by WikiLeaks, the cables described a new path the North was taking to reach its   goal, based on a missile designed by the Soviets decades ago for their submarines that carried thermonuclear warheads. It was called the  . Unlike the North’s lumbering, older rockets and missiles, these would be small enough to hide in caves and move into position by truck. The advantage was clear: This missile would be far harder for the United States to find and destroy. “North Korea’s next goal may be to develop a mobile ICBM that would be capable of threatening targets around the world,” said an October 2009 cable marked “Secret” and signed by Mrs. Clinton. The next year, one of the new missiles showed up in a North Korean military parade, just as the intelligence reports had warned. By 2013, North Korean rockets thundered with new regularity. And that February, the North set off a nuclear test that woke up Washington: The monitoring data told of an explosion roughly the size of the bomb that had leveled Hiroshima. Days after the explosion, the Pentagon announced an expansion of its force of antimissile interceptors in California and Alaska. It also began to unveil its “left of launch” program to disable missiles before liftoff  —   hoping to bolster its chances of destroying them. Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, announced the program, saying that “cyberwarfare, directed energy and electronic attack,” a reference to such things as malware, lasers and signal jamming, were all becoming important new adjuncts to the traditional ways of deflecting enemy strikes. He never mentioned North Korea. But a map accompanying General Dempsey’s policy paper on the subject showed one of the North’s missiles streaking toward the United States. Soon, in testimony before Congress and at public panels in Washington, current and former officials and a major contractor  —   Raytheon  —   began talking openly about “left of launch” technologies, in particular cyber and electronic strikes at the moment of launch. The North, meanwhile, was developing its own exotic arsenal. It tried repeatedly to disrupt American and South Korean military exercises by jamming electronic signals for guided weapons, including missiles. And it demonstrated its cyberpower in the oddest of places  —   Hollywood. In 2014, it attacked Sony Pictures Entertainment with a strike that destroyed about 70 percent of the company’s computing systems, surprising experts with its technical savvy. Last month, a report on cybervulnerabilities by the Defense Science Board, commissioned by the Pentagon during the Obama administration, warned that North Korea might acquire the ability to cripple the American power grid, and cautioned that it could never be allowed to “hold vital U. S. strike systems at risk. ” Not long after General Dempsey made his public announcement, Mr. Obama and his defense secretary, Ashton B. Carter, began calling meetings focused on one question: Could a crash program slow the North’s march toward an intercontinental ballistic missile? There were many options, some drawn from General Dempsey’s list. Mr. Obama ultimately pressed the Pentagon and intelligence agencies to pull out all the stops, which officials took as encouragement to reach for untested technologies. The North’s missiles soon began to fail at a remarkable pace. Some were destroyed, no doubt, by accident as well as by design. The technology the North was pursuing, using new designs and new engines, involved multistage rockets, introducing all kinds of possibilities for catastrophic mistakes. But by most accounts, the United States program accentuated the failures. The evidence was in the numbers. Most flight tests of an   missile called the Musudan, the weapon that the North Koreans showed off in public just after Mrs. Clinton’s warning, ended in flames: Its overall failure rate is 88 percent. Nonetheless Kim   has pressed ahead on his main goal: an intercontinental ballistic missile. Last April, he was photographed standing next to a giant   celebrating after engineers successfully fired off a matched pair of the potent     engines. The implication was clear: Strapping two of the engines together at the base of a missile was the secret to building an ICBM that could ultimately hurl warheads at the United States. In September, he celebrated the most successful test yet of a North Korean nuclear weapon  —   one that exploded with more than twice the destructive force of the Hiroshima bomb. His next goal, experts say, is to combine those two technologies, shrinking his nuclear warheads to a size that can fit on an intercontinental missile. Only then can he credibly claim that his isolated country has the   to hit an American city thousands of miles away. In the last year of his presidency, Mr. Obama often noted publicly that the North was learning from every nuclear and missile test  —   even the failures  —   and getting closer to its goal. In private, aides noticed he was increasingly disturbed by North Korea’s progress. With only a few months left in office, he pushed aides for new approaches. At one meeting, he declared that he would have targeted the North Korean leadership and weapons sites if he thought it would work. But it was, as Mr. Obama and his assembled aides knew, an empty threat: Getting timely intelligence on the location of North Korea’s leaders or their weapons at any moment would be almost impossible, and the risks of missing were tremendous, including renewed war on the Korean Peninsula. As a presidential candidate, Mr. Trump complained that “we’’re so obsolete in cyber,” a line that grated on officials at the United States Cyber Command and the National Security Agency, where billions of dollars have been spent to provide the president with new options for intelligence gathering and cyberattacks. Now, one of the immediate questions he faces is whether to accelerate or scale back those efforts. A decision to go after an adversary’s launch ability can have unintended consequences, experts warn. Once the United States uses cyberweapons against nuclear launch systems  —   even in a threatening state like North Korea  —   Russia and China may feel free to do the same, targeting fields of American missiles. Some strategists argue that all nuclear systems should be off limits for cyberattack. Otherwise, if a nuclear power thought it could secretly disable an adversary’s atomic controls, it might be more tempted to take the risk of launching a   attack. “I understand the urgent threat,” said Amy Zegart, a Stanford University intelligence and cybersecurity expert, who said she had no independent knowledge of the American effort. “But 30 years from now we may decide it was a very, very dangerous thing to do. ” Mr. Trump’s aides say everything is on the table. China recently cut off coal imports from the North, but the United States is also looking at ways to freeze the Kim family’s assets, some of which are believed held in   banks. The Chinese have already opposed the deployment of a   missile defense system known as Thaad in South Korea the Trump team may call for even more such systems. The White House is also looking at   military strike options, a senior Trump administration official said, though the challenge is huge given the country’s mountainous terrain and deep tunnels and bunkers. Putting American tactical nuclear weapons back in South Korea  —   they were withdrawn a   ago  —   is also under consideration, even if that step could accelerate an arms race with the North. Mr. Trump’s “It won’t happen!” post on Twitter about the North’s ICBM threat suggests a larger confrontation could be looming. “Regardless of Trump’s actual intentions,” James M. Acton, a nuclear analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, recently noted, “the tweet could come to be seen as a ‘red line’ and hence set up a potential test of his credibility. ”",0
7376,"Libya is a Complete Western Disaster, Finds a British Parliamentary Report | New Eastern Outlook","Country: Libya Three years ago, NATO declared that the mission in Libya had been “one of the most successful in NATO history.” Today, this statement is a proven lie that was fed to the public at large in the West. A recently published report of British parliament’s foreign affairs committee has categorically acknowledged that the Western intervention in Libya in 2011 was not only based upon flawed intelligence but also directly paved the way for the resurgence of Islamist terror groups in the country. What had initially been propagated as a sort of “humanitarian intervention” to “protect” civilians from the “tyranny of Gaddafi” soon exacerbated into the notorious game of regime change and led to the subsequent disaster, proliferation of Islamist groups and Libya’s downfall from a reasonably stable state to a fragmented one. The report’s findings are, as such, highly critical in terms of the way the West, particularly the US, has been projecting the utmost necessity of NATO’s intervention. Even if we were to agree to the Western proposition that Gaddafi regime was inflicting atrocities on its people and that the real goal, as a recent article published by the corporate-funded Brookings Institute argues, was to protect people, the report finds it to be wrong. It unambiguously states: “Many Western policymakers genuinely believed that Muammar Gaddafi would have ordered his troops to massacre civilians in Benghazi, if those forces had been able to enter the city. However, while Muammar Gaddafi certainly threatened violence against those who took up arms against his rule, this did not necessarily translate into a threat to everyone in Benghazi. In short, the scale of the threat to civilians was presented with unjustified certainty. US intelligence officials reportedly described the intervention as “an intelligence-light decision.” Exposing the hollowness of the propagated “truths” that Gaddafi regime was indiscriminately killing his countrymen and that he would have continued to do so “ in large numbers if that’s what his survival required ”, the report states that nothing of this sort was happening at the time of intervention or was likely to follow. Intervention happened not because Gaddafi was inflicting atrocities but because he was winning the fight against Western and Arab funded militias: “Despite his rhetoric, the proposition that Muammar Gaddafi would have ordered the massacre of civilians in Benghazi was not supported by the available evidence. The Gaddafi regime had retaken towns from the rebels without attacking civilians in early February 2011.” The report goes on to state that: “On 17 March 2011, Muammar Gaddafi announced to the rebels in Benghazi, “Throw away your weapons, exactly like your brothers in Ajdabiya and other places did. They laid down their arms and they are safe. We never pursued them at all.” Subsequent investigation revealed that when Gaddafi regime forces retook Ajdabiya in February 2011, they did not attack civilians.” Contrary to this situation was the mantra of “protecting” people that was officially projected for public consumption, while the real goal was to send Gaddafi home and to re-design Libya’s future in which Gaddafi or his affiliates would have no role to play. The report states: “When the then Prime Minister David Cameron sought and received parliamentary approval for military intervention in Libya on 21 March 2011, he assured the House of Commons that the object of the intervention was not regime change. In April 2011, however, he signed a joint letter with United States President Barack Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy setting out their collective pursuit of “a future without Gaddafi”. That the goal was always to impose a new regime on the people of Libya is evident from another finding that no option other than that of military intervention was explored and considered: “The Government rapidly developed a new policy of intervention to protect civilians as Muammar Gaddafi’s forces approached Benghazi in mid-February 2011. It did not explore alternatives to military intervention such as sanctions, negotiations or the application of diplomatic pressure. In pursuing regime change, it abandoned a decade of foreign policy engagement…” What the West wanted to achieve by regime-change? As could be expected of the West, the real goal was to extend Western influence in the African continent. Libya was to be the gateway for that. However, as long as Gaddafi was there, this objective could never be realized. Hence, the anti-Gaddafi propaganda and the development of “pro-democracy” discourse in the West that paved the way for NATO-led intervention. The report enlists following critical objectives, which were of crucial importance for France’s Sarkozy, behind the military intervention and change of regime in Libya: 1. A desire to gain a greater share of Libya oil production. 2. Increase French influence in North Africa, 3. Improve his internal political situation in France, 4. Provide the French military with an opportunity to reassert its position in the world. 5. Address the concern of his advisors over Qaddafi’s long term plans to supplant France as the dominant power in Francophone Africa. Therefore to achieve these objectives, a dual strategy was implemented. On the one hand, NATO intervened and on the other hand weapons were allowed to be distributed to the Islamist militias. The report categorically states: “….the international community turned a blind eye to the supply of weapons to the rebels. Lord Richards highlighted “the degree to which the Emiratis and the Qataris…played a major role in the success of the ground operation.” For example, Qatar supplied French Milan antitank missiles to certain rebel groups. We were told that Qatar channelled its weapons to favoured militias rather than to the rebels as a whole.” Who were the “rebels”? While it is largely believed that that crisis in Libya were linked to a general uprising linked with the so-called “Arab Spring”, this is far from the truth. For one thing, a general popular uprising against an autocrat regime could not possibly have descended into a pure chaos but for the involvement of foreign funded extremist groups. This is precisely what happened in Libya. The critical question, therefore, is: were the Libyan rebels really “rebels”? The report disputes the Western official narrative that it was a general uprising and that extremists got involved at some alter stage . Contrary to the official narrative, the report concludes: “It is now clear that militant Islamist militias played a critical role in the rebellion from February 2011 onwards. They separated themselves from the rebel army, refused to take orders from non-Islamist commanders and assassinated the then leader of the rebel army, Abdel Fattah Younes.” That the West had “turned a blind eye” to the support certain militias were receiving from Arab countries is, in fact, an indication of the Western complicity in facilitating the rise of Islamist groups in Libya. And as the report states yet again: “We asked Lord Richards whether he knew that Abdelhakim Belhadj and other members of the al-Qaeda affiliated Libyan Islamic Fighting Group were participating in the rebellion in March 2011. He replied that that “was a grey area”. He added that “a quorum of respectable Libyans were assuring the Foreign Office” that militant Islamist militias would not benefit from the rebellion. He acknowledged that “with the benefit of hindsight, that was wishful thinking at best.” What is Libya today? A disastrous mess It is a mess, a victim of Western conspiracy and its notorious cold-war era policy of imposing regime change in countries that refuse to abide by their rules of global politics. Libya, today, is a disaster. Facts speak for themselves: In 2010, Libyan economy was generating US$75 billion in GDP, with an average per capita income of US$12,250, roughly equal to an average income in some European countries. As of 2016, however, Libya is likely to experience a budget deficit of some 60% of GDP. The United Nations ranked Libya as the world’s 94th most advanced country in its 2015 index of human development, a decline from 53rd place in 2010. Thanks to the Western intervention which was, to say the least, not only ill-informed and a result of propaganda against Gaddafi but also motivated by purely geo-political considerations. Thanks to the Western intervention that has ‘successfully’ transformed Libya from the richest African state under Gaddafi to a failed state under Western supervision. Its various experiments in Libya have failed to transform it into a pure Western vessel. And as the reports indicate, the US in now trying to install one of its long term assets, General Khalifa Hifter, who aims to set himself up as Libya’s new dictator and then help the West in transforming Africa’s political economy into a disastrous the kind of which Libya, Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan today are. 
Salman Rafi Sheikh, research-analyst of International Relations and Pakistan’s foreign and domestic affairs, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ”. Popular Articles ",0
7377,حكم نهائي بالسجن المؤبد لمرشد الإخوان في مصر - RT Arabic,"حكم نهائي بالسجن المؤبد لمرشد الإخوان في مصر 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 15:22 GMT | انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5gk قالت مصادر قضائية مصرية إن محكمة النقض أيدت حكما بالسجن المؤبد على محمد بديع المرشد العام لجماعة الإخوان المسلمين وعدد آخر من قيادات الجماعة المحظورة ليصبح أول حكم بات ونهائي بحقه. 
وصدرت على بديع عدة أحكام ابتدائية بالسجن وحكم ابتدائي بالإعدام في قضايا تتصل جميعها بالاحتجاجات العنيفة التي اندلعت عقب إعلان الجيش عزل الرئيس السابق محمد مرسي عام 2013 إثر احتجاجات حاشدة على حكمه. 
وقالت المصادر إن محكمة النقض، أعلى محكمة مدنية في البلاد، رفضت، الأربعاء 26 أكتوبر/تشرين الأول، طعنا تقدم به محامو بديع و36 شخصا آخرين بينهم عدد من قيادات الجماعة على حكم أصدرته محكمة للجنايات في يوليو/تموز 2014 بمعاقبتهم بالسجن المؤبد. 
وأفادت المصادر بأن محكمة النقض أيدت الحكم الصادر، ليصبح أول حكم بات ونهائي. 
ومن أبرز قيادات الإخوان التي شملها الحكم، الوزيران السابقان، أسامة ياسين وباسم عودة والبرلماني السابق محمد البلتاجي، بالإضافة إلى الداعية صفوت حجازي. 
وتتعلق القضية باحتجاج عنيف اندلع في محافظة القليوبية، شمال القاهرة، في 22 يوليو/تموز 2013، وأسفر عن مقتل شخصين وإصابة عدد آخر. 
وكانت النيابة قد وجهت اتهامات مختلفة للمتهمين من بينها القتل العمد والشروع في القتل والتجمهر والاعتداء على الأشخاص والممتلكات العامة والخاصة وقطع الطريق وحيازة أسلحة نارية وبيضاء والتحريض على التجمهر والاعتداء على المواطنين. 
كما شمل حكم الجنايات الذي صدر في 2014 معاقبة عشرة أشخاص بالإعدام غيابيا، لكن لم يشملهم الطعن الذي نظرته محكمة النقض، الأربعاء، لأن القانون ينص على وجوب إعادة محاكمة أي متهم يصدر بحقه حكم غيابي تلقائيا بمجرد تسليمه نفسه أو إلقاء القبض عليه. 
ويوم السبت، أيدت محكمة النقض حكما أصدرته محكمة للجنايات بسجن محمد مرسي 20 عاما في قضية تتصل بأحداث عنف اندلعت إبان فترة حكمه التي استمرت عاما واحد، وأصبح هذا أول حكم نهائي يصدر على الرئيس السابق الذي يحاكم في عدة قضايا. 
المصدر: رويترز 
ياسين بوتيتي تعليمات استخدام خدمة التعليقات على صفحات موقع قناة ""RT Arabic"" (اضغط هنا) العناوين ",0
7378,An Outrageous Merger,"It's outrageous that AT&T and Time Warner may be permitted to merge. Of course, there are antitrust issues. If it's approved, some competitors will go out of business, others won't get started, and consumers will pay more and get less. Antitrust law is not designed to regulate anticompetitive behavior; it is designed to prevent anticompetitive behavior. Permitting AT&T to acquire Time Warner would be like giving a small boy a ball and then saying, ""Now don't bounce it"" -- or hiring someone to watch him. Regulation doesn't work. What's called ""agency capture"" is widespread and well documented. In the BP oil-spill case, it involved the regulators literally sleeping with the regulated. Even if an agency isn't captured it probably doesn't have enough personnel to do meaningful regulation. The FCC of my day had three employees to respond to 85,000 complaints, and they travelled in pairs. - Advertisement - The only way to prevent anticompetitive corporate behavior is to forbid the mergers that make it possible. But antitrust law and lawyers often have ways of finding adequate competition when no one else can see it. Moreover, the serious antitrust issues and economic impact of this proposed merger are the least of our concerns. Mergers of media firms, unlike those in other industries, raise issues involving our democracy, analogous to those associated with the First Amendment. Some involve politics and governing. Major media owners are more politically powerful than major donors. When a single owner has dominant control of newspapers, radio, television and cable systems within a state or region it can affect elections. When a weapons manufacturer also owns a network, it creates an appearance of possible conflict in its war coverage. Other issues involve the creative community. Suppose a single corporation owns movie studios, theaters, a TV network, book publishers, newspapers, and other forms of media. It can favor its movies in its theaters, make its authors guests on its TV shows, and advertise all its products in its newspapers. - Advertisement - Both AT&T and Time Warner are among the world's largest corporations. Time Warner's HBO and Cinemax programming is sold in 150 countries, its Turner programs in 200. AT&T is the largest telecommunications company in the world, also in 200 countries. Both are holding companies, conglomerates, that together own dozens of corporations. Many are known to you, like CNN, HBO, or DirectTV. Check their corporate Web pages for more. Worst of all, and what ought to absolutely preclude this merger, they will represent a gigantic combination of programming and delivery (""content and conduit"") -- the ultimate chokehold on the distribution of a diversity of content. The AT&T of old only provided distribution, the conduit. Everyone was entitled to a phone. And once you got one, you could send any ideas you wanted into that phone and through AT&T's lines. Other institutions might come after you for disclosing national-security secrets, fraudulent marketing, or defamation, but not AT&T. There was a legal ""right of entry"" into the old AT&T network. No longer. There will be no legal rights for America's creators of content. Nor will there be a financial incentive for AT&T to carry their content.",0
7379,Orban Easter Speech: ‘Battlefield Europe... Stop Mass Migration. The Future of Europe Is at Stake’ - Breitbart,"Calling international politics a “battlefield” Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán told newspaper Magyar Idők that Hungary’s sovereignty is under constant attack from foreign interests and the powerful left wing activist George Soros. Adding that mass migration threatens the future of Europe, he urged for the preservation of Christian civilisation. [“Today we live in a time when international politics is a battlefield,” Prime Minister Orbán said on Easter Sunday. “The independence and freedom of European nations are at stake. And at the centre of the battlefield is migration. ”  “This is what our future stands or falls on,” he said, “the fate of Europe. The question is whether the character of European nations will be determined by the same spirit, civilisation, culture and mentality as in our parents’ and grandparents’ time, or by something completely different. ” Discussing how his government has come under criticism following the implementation of stricter border controls and asylum policies in the ongoing migrant crisis, Mr. Orbán observed that “those calling themselves liberal and    —   who are supported with the money, power and networks of international forces, with George Soros at the forefront  —   claim that taking action against migration is wrong, impractical and immoral”. Contrasting that with the wishes of the Hungarian people, Orbán said: “  …    we want to preserve the foundations of Europe. We do not want parallel societies, we do not want population exchanges, and we do not want to replace Christian civilisation with a different kind. Therefore we are building fences, defending ourselves, and not allowing migrants to flood us. ”  —   ‘National Governance Under Pressure’  —   The Hungarian government, led by Orbán’s Fidesz party, is also coming under attack from the European Union, the U. S. State Department, and nongovernmental organisations for its commitment to implementing legislation on transparency for foreign NGOs and universities operating in the country  —   issues the prime minister referred to as “secondary battlefields”: “National governance in Hungary is under continuous pressure and attack   …     the most important thing at stake is whether we will have a parliament and a government that will seek to serve the best interests of the Hungarian people, or a parliament and a government that will seek to serve foreign interests. ” Affirming that conflicts with external forces was a part of defending a nation’s sovereignty, the conservative Central European leader said: “If we were to accept that Brussels or other political and financial centres should dictate to us, or that Hungarian or American billionaires should tell us how things should be in our country, then we would have no conflicts. ”  —   George Soros  —   The prime minister singled out several times during the interview   billionaire and open borders financier George Soros, whose lobbyists Orbán claims are agitating European, the EU, and the U. S. governments to put pressure on Hungary over its domestic policies. “George Soros must not be underestimated: he is a powerful billionaire of enormous determination who, when it comes to his interests, respects neither God nor man. We want to protect Hungary, and so we must also commit ourselves to this struggle. ” “[He] is spending endless amounts of money to support illegal immigration. He wants to keep the pressure on Hungary: the country which expects even the likes of George Soros to observe its laws. ” When it comes to personal attacks against him, Orbán, a great admirer of the late British prime minister, quoted Margaret Thatcher: I always cheer up immensely if one is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.  ",0
7380,"Evergreen State Spokesperson Lies to Press, Says Weinstein has Returned to Campus - Breitbart","A spokesperson for Evergreen State College falsely told a reporter that Bret Weinstein, who was forced off campus due to concerns for his safety, has returned to campus to teach in his regular classroom. [College Spokesperson Zach Powers told the Olympian on Tuesday that Bret Weinstein returned to his campus classroom “just over a week ago,” despite Weinstein’s Monday appearance on Tucker Carlson’s Fox News program, during which he claimed that he was forced to relocate his family and class sessions away from campus due to safety concerns.  “The college has never acknowledged the danger that they put us in, and therefore I have no way of knowing whether it’s safe for me to return,” Weinstein said on Carlson’s program. “Their assurances that it is safe don’t mean anything, not that they’ve offered them. ” “I understand faculty member Bret Weinstein returned to campus just over a week ago to teach in his normally assigned classroom,” Evergreen Spokesperson Zach Powers claimed. “He has been notified by Evergreen Police Services of additional law enforcement present on campus. Weinstein quickly swatted down the Powers’ claim that he had returned to campus. “If college administrators say I was on campus last week, they are lying,” Weinstein told the Olympian. “I left campus when it was evacuated on the morning of June 1. I held my afternoon class in a downtown park that day, and left the state with my family that evening. We have not been in Washington since, and some administrators know that. ” Weinstein’s brother, Eric, who is the Managing Director at Thiel Capital, claimed that Evergreen State is “nakedly lying to the press about” Bret Weinstein. He called Evergreen the “1st failed US College,” before claiming that its president, George Bridges is “nuts. ” The @EvergreenStCol now openly  nakedly lying to the press about @BretWeinstein. This is the 1st failed US college  its President is nuts. https:  .   —   Eric Weinstein (@EricRWeinstein) June 14, 2017,  Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
7381,La oposición mexicana denuncia una posible simulación en el caso de Javier Duarte,"(actualizada a las 18:57 26.10.2016) URL corto 2 70 0 0 CIUDAD DE MÉXICO (Sputnik) — Los partidos de oposición de México consideran que la expulsión de Javier Duarte del PRI, gobernador de Veracruz, prófugo por acusaciones de corrupción y millonaria malversación de fondos públicos, es una simulación para engañar a la opinión pública. © AP Photo/ Marco Ugarte Javier Duarte, de gobernador a prófugo El Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI) del presidente Enrique Peña Nieto, anunció la noche del lunes la expulsión de Duarte, quien se esfumó luego de pedir permiso la semana pasada para dejar el cargo, un mes y medio antes del fin de su mandato de seis años en ese estado petrolero.
""Es una persona que no merece estar dentro del PRI, con su comportamiento violó el código de ética"", dijo en su dictamen la Comisión de Honor y Justicia del longevo partido gobernante. ""Todo es una simulación, pretenden lavarse la cara, el PRI quiere tomar a Duarte como chivo expiatorio, pero no quiere cambiar, seguiremos exigiendo castigo a la corrupción documentada"", dijo el líder nacional del opositor Acción Nacional (PAN, centroderecha) Ricardo Anaya. 
La fiscalía federal ""debe ofrecer una recompensa para quien dé información que lleve a la localización y detención"", no solo de Duarte, sino de otros exgobernadores del PRI, como los de Tamaulipas (fronterizo con EEUU), Tomás Yarrington, y Eugenio Hernández, dijo el PAN en un comunicado. 
""Los tres exfuncionarios tienen órdenes de aprehensión pendientes y por tanto son prófugos de la justicia"", dijo el portavoz del PAN al leer el comunicado en el Congreso. — Sputnik Mundo (@SputnikMundo) 25 de octubre de 2016 
​El principal partido de oposición no mencionó a Guillermo Padrés, exgobernador de Sonora (norte), que también está prófugo y es buscado por interpol. 
Por su parte, el Partido de la Revolución Democrática (PRD, centroizquierda) dijo en el Congreso que ""en el PRI todo es pura simulación, no solo con el proceso de expulsión de Javier Duarte, no están yendo al fondo contra la corrupción"". ""Para que todo esto sea creíble deben ser revisados los casos de los exgobernadores Humberto Moreira de Coahuila, César Duarte de Chihuahua (norte), y Roberto Borge de Quintana Roo (donde está el balneario de Cancún), queremos ver que instancias judiciales actúen claramente contra estos exgobernadores"", dijo en nombre del partido opositor Beatriz Mojica, secretaria general del PRD. 
Viejo modus operandi El Gabinete de Seguridad de México en busca del fugitivo gobernador de Veracruz Por su parte, la líder del PRD en la Cámara baja Concepción Valdés, dijo que ""se trata de una burla el proceso de expulsión de Duarte"".
""El PRI nunca hizo nada por amarrar las manos a un gobernador que dejó una herencia de violencia, corrupción e impunidad, aparte de sumir en la inseguridad a Veracruz, víctima de grupos delictivos"", dijo a periodistas la secretaria de la Comisión de Derechos Humanos del Congreso. 
El Movimiento Ciudadano (MC) dijo a su turno que ""es un modus operandi del PRI, una regla de lo que llamamos la peor generación de gobernadores de la historia de México"". 
El representante del minoritario MC, Jorge Álvarez, dijo que ""Duarte representa una red de corrupción, están documentadas varias empresas fantasma que trabajaron con el exgobernador Roberto Borge, y otros como el de Nuevo León, Rodrigo Medina"", que enfrentan procesos por corrupción. ""El PRI se quiere lavar las manos expulsando a Javier Duarte y dejar intacta a la red de corrupción que involucra a varios exmandatarios priistas, son la punta del iceberg"", puntualizó. 
Enrique Ochoa, dirigente nacional del PRI, dijo este miércoles que ""fue una decisión necesaria y correcta, lo que nos pide la ciudadanía es el combate a la corrupción, es una buena noticia para México"". © AP Photo/ Rebecca Blackwell Peña Nieto y su partido castigados por corrupción y violencia sin control ""Exhortamos a las autoridades que cumplan las ordenes de aprehensión, los corruptos deben terminar en la cárcel y debemos hacer una reflexión interna, no solo tomar medidas correctivas sino preventivas, crear un mecanismo anticorrupción interno que revise el perfil de los candidatos antes de postularlos"", dijo Ochoa.
Durante la campaña electoral de 2012, Peña Nieto dijo que los gobernadores de Chihuahua, César Duarte, de Veracruz, Javier Duarte (ambos sin parentesco), y de Quintana Roo, Roberto Borge, eran el más claro ejemplo de jóvenes actores de la nueva generación de políticos priistas jóvenes actores de la nueva generación política del PRI"". 
Duarte acusado por el PAN de malversar 50.000 millones de pesos (unos 2.500 millones de dólares), pero solo ha sido enjuiciado por unos 500 millones de pesos (unos 25 millones de dólares), comenzó a ser señalado por corrupción cuando en enero de 2012, a seis meses de la elección presidencial que ganó Peña Nieto, dos empleados del gobierno de Veracruz fueron detenidos en un aeropuerto con 25 millones de pesos en efectivo que llevaban en dos maletas (más de 1 millón de dólares), pero fueron liberados. 
Lea también: Lanzan la campaña #VamosPorMás contra la corrupción y la impunidad en México 
El PAN y el PRD dijeron en aquella ocasión que podían ser recursos públicos malversados hacia la campaña presidencial de Peña Nieto, pero ningún proceso prosperó. 
No obstante, el expresidente Felie Calderón, del PAN, lo acusó de sacar más de 2.900 millones de pesos (unos 145 millones de pesos) de una cuenta de 7.000 millones de pesos (350 millones de dólares) depositadas en Banco Santander, sin consecuencias. ...",0
7382,Life Beyond Bars: One Man’s Journey From Prison to College - The New York Times,"Around midnight on June 30, 1998, Juan Echevarria, a    principal in a drug crew, ran into a crack dealer on a Harlem street corner. What ensued, he later told the police, was an argument over money. In those days, Mr. Echevarria would case New York City in a bulletproof vest, often armed with a handgun and sometimes cocaine and cash, overseeing dealers who sold on the streets and in the lobbies of Harlem and Brooklyn apartment buildings. On this night, Mr. Echevarria was cruising for trouble. Hours before, he’d found out his girlfriend had dumped him. He’d just been across the river at Rikers Island on a drug possession conviction. He was feeling hopeless and angry. Pumped with alcohol and mounting rage, he slipped a small revolver out from under his waistband. As the argument heated up, he fired at the dealer, who staggered to his death. Looking back, he can’t quite explain what happened. “It went bad real fast,” he recalled. Mr. Echevarria pleaded guilty to manslaughter and spent 14 years in prison. Today, at 41, he is desperate to remake himself. Now a   college student, he lugs a   backpack around the Midtown Manhattan campus of John Jay College of Criminal Justice, part of the City University of New York, pulling   struggling with   papers and keeping close tabs on his 3. 47   average. Part of the    Pipeline, a   program that helps incarcerated and formerly incarcerated men in New York City pursue college degrees, Mr. Echevarria dreams of one day graduating. But his challenges have been numerous. He grappled with remedial algebra, required of matriculating CUNY students who can’t pass the basic math competency exam. He had to take it four times. Five years in, he is just a sophomore, still 84 credits away from a bachelor’s degree, and has accrued $18, 000 in student loans. Money has been a constant source of anxiety. Sometimes he had to rely on friends and family to feed him, and he worried about where he would lay his head at night. He has stayed in seven apartments since his release, in 2012. A day job  —   as a case manager helping mentally ill prisoners   society  —   has relieved some of the financial pressure, but it has taken its toll emotionally. Exhausted, he tosses and turns on the couch in his mother’s public housing unit in East Harlem, where he stays when not at his new girlfriend’s apartment, and he wonders: “Why am I doing this?” On other evenings, Mr. Echevarria sits in class scribbling copious notes and raising his hand frequently to answer questions, confident he has made the right choice. For a recent anthropology class, he arrived early and positioned himself in the center of the room. Raymond Ruggiero, an adjunct professor, offered up an energetic lecture on the rise and fall of democracy in Latin America, touching on the spread of the Enlightenment, the power structure of banana republics, and the Guatemalan peace activist Rigoberta Menchu. Pausing on the escapades of the Venezuelan leader Simón Bolívar, Dr. Ruggiero grew animated. “Bolívar’s whole idea was about equality, was about freedom, freedom of the mind,” he told the class. Mr. Echevarria, one of Dr. Ruggiero’s favorites, nodded enthusiastically. Later, when the discussion led to how nation states began to regulate themselves once Spanish rulers had left, Dr. Ruggiero asked, “What did they learn about governance?” “To do the same thing the king was doing,” Mr. Echevarria called out. “Yes,” Dr. Ruggiero confirmed. That night, Mr. Echevarria learned that he had earned an A+ on a paper about the paradoxical nature of violence in the modern world, borrowing from the ideas of the political theorist Hannah Arendt and referencing Karl Marx, the civil rights movement and the Cold War. “Juan, excellent work!” Dr. Ruggiero had scrawled at the bottom of the paper. That put him in good spirits. Much is at stake. With his degree, Mr. Echevarria hopes one day to become a director at the Center for Alternative Sentencing and Employment Services, the nonprofit organization where he works. It’s one of the rare places that appreciates an applicant’s time behind bars. He plans to major in culture and deviance studies, an academic field heavy on ethnographic perspectives and popular with undergraduates interested in social work, law or the social sciences. Mr. Echevarria’s employer has promised a promotion and a big raise if he gets his degree. With the extra income, he would like to settle into a   apartment in the Inwood section of Manhattan, removed from the   neighborhood where he grew up and the drug dealers who remind him of his former life. Without a degree, he worries, opportunities will “disappear. ” “You want to do this, but it adds a lot of stress,” he said. “I’ve had my ups and downs because of school. ” • According to the Department of Justice, there were 1. 5 million Americans in state and federal prisons in 2014 636, 000 were released. But the number who are likely to stay out  —   fewer than a quarter by the   marker  —   is dispiriting. With widespread consensus that the system is failing both offenders and their victims, state and federal governments are reinvesting in rehabilitative programs. Access to college is one of the most popular. From California to New York, states have announced plans to increase funding. New York is committing $7. 5 million to offer classes to 1, 000 inmates over the next five years. The White House has been particularly engaged in the   movement. In May, President Obama urged colleges to eliminate a question on applications about   students’ criminal history. The question has been found to have a chill effect on applicants with felony convictions. He has also sought ways around a law that bars prisoners from accessing Pell grants. Advocates estimate that there were at least 350 college degree programs for prisoners and the recently released in the early 1980s. But as crime rates skyrocketed and the national mood toward violent offenders turned unforgiving, many of the programs shuttered. Both Democrats and Republicans questioned the spending of higher education dollars on lawbreakers while   young people struggled with the relatively small sums that federal financial aid offered them. The 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act, signed into law by President Bill Clinton, prevents anyone in a state or federal prison from accessing Pell grants. Inmates also can’t take out   federal student loans. Last year, President Obama announced an experimental educational program (exempted from regulatory requirements) known as the Second Chance Pell Pilot Program. It is expected to award grants to 12, 000 inmates, many of whom began classes this fall 67 colleges and universities have been chosen to participate, and more than a quarter of them are starting new programs. Higher education behind bars is not free. Some colleges charge inmates regular tuition, or scale it to their prison wages. Others, including John Jay and Bard College, offer them full scholarships. The Bard Prison Initiative plans to expand its   program, which offers   classes to nearly 300 prisoners. The    Pipeline at John Jay, one of the nation’s premier criminal justice colleges, currently sends professors to teach for credit classes at Otisville, a   men’s prison in Orange County, N. Y. It hopes that with the Pell program, it can add 120 new   students, give inmates the opportunity to get an associate degree while still incarcerated and start a program at the Queensboro Correctional Facility in Long Island City. Baz Dreisinger, a popular English professor and spirited voice in the prison reform movement, founded the    Pipeline in 2011. The program is administered by the Prisoner Reentry Institute, an arm of John Jay dedicated to finding best practices for   inmates. The Pipeline, for male inmates five years or less before their release date, is noteworthy for providing its students with a community both on the inside and on the outside. On release, students are encouraged to transfer to a city campus. So far, 10 have. Once out, the men are offered a host of services by the institute’s College Initiative program. The small,   staff, made up of mostly young prison advocates, advises them  —   through workshops, office visits and anxious phone calls  —   on financial aid matters, what classes to take, ways to perfect term papers, and how to deal with ornery professors and manage girlfriends, parents and children while trying to hold down jobs. Proponents of college programs for prisoners contend that if getting a degree is a   for students who haven’t been to prison, it is even more curative for those who have. “Our people have a whole lot more to lose if they don’t graduate and a whole lot more to gain by graduating,” said Vivian Nixon, executive director of the College and Community Fellowship, a nonprofit that funnels dozens of former female prisoners onto college campuses in and around New York City every year. “It’s a natural time of transition and reinvention. ” Ruth Delaney, a senior program associate at the Vera Institute of Justice, which oversees its own    initiative in New Jersey, Michigan and North Carolina, says that when it comes to factors proven to prevent recidivism, clocking time with other students “checks all the boxes. ” College surrounds people with peers who are motivated and focused. It leaves them little time to fall back into old patterns and helps them build their résumés. And because campuses are ripe with resources  —   mental health services, financial counselors, food pantries  —   recently released prisoners who arrive on them are near the kind of assistance they desperately need. Indeed, a 2013 RAND Corporation study found that involvement in a prisoner education program reduced a person’s odds of returning to prison by 43 percent. Edward J. Latessa, director of the School of Criminal Justice at the University of Cincinnati, has spent years studying programs that work in reducing recidivism. He says most successful programs aren’t lofty and philosophical, and they don’t involve a lot of talk therapy, yoga or   scare tactics. The best programs, he says, are pragmatic. “You have to do something about people’s difficulties, rather than just talking about them,” he said. “You don’t just tell them what they need to do, you show them and then you let them do it. ” But getting through college is no easy feat. Five years in and only one of the 57 students in the    Pipeline (29 are still in prison) has graduated with an associate degree. No one has obtained a bachelor’s degree. And two who have been released have gone back to jail. • To survive in prison, Mr. Echevarria put on the tough, protective veneer that prisoners sometimes refer to as “the mask. ” He learned how to size up a cafeteria to determine who was a threat and how to make a knife out of a toothbrush and shards of metal to protect himself from gang attacks. He landed in solitary on various occasions  —   once for talking back to a guard, another time for smoking marijuana. He moved around a lot, from Rikers Island to the Sing Sing Correctional Facility to the Clinton Correctional Facility  —   a sign, in the prison world, that he was challenging to maintain. A few years into his sentence, though, while stationed in a   prison in Ulster County, he made friends with a longtime inmate who was teaching AIDS awareness classes. He signed on, read pharmacology and immunology textbooks, and eventually became an instructor himself. AIDS was still a significant killer, and men flocked to his classes. While teaching, Mr. Echevarria started thinking about his future. He thought about changing. “I knew I was going to get out. What would I do?” When he learned about the    Pipeline, he applied immediately. He had a high school equivalency diploma, but had lasted only a few semesters at a community college. Now, though, the idea of pursuing a degree appealed to him. He wrote a   essay and sat for the entrance exam. He was transferred to the Otisville prison in 2011 to begin taking classes, some with Dr. Dreisinger. A year later, Mr. Echevarria got the news. It was time for his release  —   his “homecoming. ” He sat on a bench in an International House of Pancakes, eating his first noninstitutional meal in more than a dozen years, and called his mother. Then he called Dr. Dreisinger. He wanted to start school on the outside as soon as possible. He had six credits under his belt. Mr. Echevarria credits those first   classes for “making me feel human again. ” By that fall, he looked like a model of renewal. He enrolled at Bronx Community College and was reading about Sigmund Freud in Intro to Psychology, dissecting the Constitution in an American government class and learning about linear equations, right angles and signed numbers in algebra. Out of class, he worked to avoid old friends and “business acquaintances” so he wouldn’t “end up with plans that were not initially mine,” and he started going to church. He was befriending professors and bonding with administrators at the Prisoner Reentry Institute. But if things looked good on the outside, he was emotionally raw on the inside. “I was a wreck,” he recalled. “Things were a roller coaster. ” He struggled to make emotional connections. He and his teenage daughter (now a single mother of a toddler and an infant) texted and saw each other on occasion, but she was not that interested in bonding with him. The relationship he had developed with a woman while in prison, involving long letters about the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda and the Mexican painter Frida Kahlo, had not translated to the real world, so he moved in with his mother, living blocks from the shooting that had led to his arrest. It was a situational quagmire putting him in contact with all the people recidivism research suggests he should avoid. It was also placing him too close for comfort to old family memories. Mr. Echevarria, whose father left when he was a tween, harbored resentment about his childhood. His mother had worked. He was often supervised by older siblings, and felt abandoned. He recalls being kicked out into the streets for days, as a teenager, after coming home high. His mother recalls warning him about drugs and drug dealing and being worried that she herself might get kicked out of the apartment building if he was involved with illegal substances. Twenty years later, tensions still brewed. Mr. Echevarria moved in with a girlfriend, but that didn’t work out either. Some weeks he had only a few dollars to live on. He worried that if he lost his Metro card, he would be in “crisis mode,” he said. Once, seeing a young man ruffling through garbage, he thought: I am steps away from that. He was beginning to feel “the temptation to go back to the old life,” and the quick and easy cash. It was fleeting. But there. At semester’s end, Mr. Echevarria had earned two B’s, but he failed algebra. The graphs baffled him. He had trouble remembering what formulas went with what problems. It was a blow to his  . But it was the rage he felt when things went wrong, lingering from his days behind bars and during his childhood, that seemed to be his most pressing problem. “I felt like I wasn’t going to be able to do all of this,” he said. “I got really discouraged. ” He didn’t go back to school for an entire year. Ask Mr. Echevarria how the    Pipeline has helped him, and he is likely to chat a bit about academics but mostly about the frustrating details of everyday life and how staff members have helped him manage his rage when confronted with them. During the 14 years he was in prison, the world went through a tech revolution. Dealing with CUNY’s online system nearly derailed him. One afternoon, Lila McDowell, the institute’s development and communications coordinator, met him at John Jay, where he had applied as a transfer student from Bronx Community College. A    University of Chicago graduate, she serves as helicopter   to many of the men in the program. Mr. Echevarria griped about the bureaucratic holdup. “I kept thinking: I don’t need to go through this. I don’t need to go through this. Old ways of dealing were popping up. ” “Calm down,” Dr. McDowell said. “This is exactly what everyone has to go through,” she told him, eyeballing the other students who were also waiting in line. “Part of college is learning how to navigate bureaucracies. ” Mr. Echevarria took a deep breath. “I really needed that,” he recalled. Heady and philosophical, Mr. Echevarria remains interested in the thinking patterns  —   the   and propensity for violence  —   that landed him in prison. As a result, many of the classes he takes delve deeply into the nature of violence, juvenile delinquency and prison life. They are as much a study of himself as a study of others. What does he most want to learn? How to master his emotions. “I still have a lot to work on,” he told me. “But I’m getting there. ” • At ease in a dress shirt and a pair of leather   Mr. Echevarria hobnobbed with professors, administrators and Manhattan artists at the program’s annual dinner at John Jay last spring. Dr. Dreisinger praised a group of John Jay students who had traveled to Otisville regularly to take classes alongside prisoners, a feature of the program that participants, both in jail and out, praise. Prisoners say it builds their confidence and creates bonds with students they can call on, once out. Traditional college students, particularly ones interested in criminal justice careers, say it offers them a bird’  view into the life of the kind of people they may soon serve. Dr. Dreisinger acknowledged an inmate who had been released but ended up back inside. She told the diners that the young man was with them in spirit, writing beautiful papers and taking an independent study course with her. “He’s engaged and still very much present in the program,” she said, sidestepping the heartbreaking reality of the situation. She also paid tribute to Devon Simmons, who landed in jail 16 years ago, convicted of assault and weapon and drug offenses. He was scheduled to graduate a few weeks later with an associate degree, the first to do so. A photo of him in graduation gear was flashed on an oversize screen in the center of the room. This fall, at 35, he is at John Jay pursuing his bachelor’s. “Devon is just opening the door because we have so many other graduations that are going to be coming up in years to come,” she said. As for Mr. Echevarria, he said he was proud of how his last few semesters had gone. He had finally passed remedial math. He had earned an A in Dr. Ruggiero’s class and a B in a criminal justice course taught by a former parole officer. Dr. Dreisinger even needles him about seeking a Ph. D. But he continues to oscillate between big academic dreams and the realities of his life. He talks about opening up a community center, or doing something that doesn’t require a degree at all. Then he latches onto the Ph. D. idea. And what of the man who fired a pistol on an East Harlem street 18 years ago, who was violent and  ? “I know who he is,” Mr. Echevarria said. “But I hardly recognize him. ” Then one of the last times I spoke to him, he said this: “College itself has changed me. But the finish line still seems far off. ”",0
7383,Can the Old Masters Be Relevant Again? - The New York Times,"Old masters, new world. At Christie’s over the last few weeks, two experts in old master paintings and drawings quietly left the auction house. Their departures followed a year of spotty sales, in which the values of works by old masters  —   a pantheon of European painters working before around 1800  —   fell by 33 percent, according to the 2016 Tefaf Art Market Report. At a time when contemporary art is all the rage among collectors, viewers and donors, many experts are questioning whether old master artwork  —   once the most coveted  —   can stay relevant at auction houses, galleries and museums. Having struggled with shrinking inventory and elusive profits, auction houses appear to be devoting most of their attention and resources to contemporary art, the most popular area of their business. “They want to be associated with the new and the now,” said Edward Dolman, chairman and chief executive of Phillips auction house, who spent much of his career at Christie’s chasing works by old masters but now focuses on contemporary art. “We have no intention of selling old masters pictures or     pictures, because these markets are now so small and dwindling,” he added. “The new client base at the auction houses  —   and the collecting tastes of those clients  —   have moved away from this veneration of the past. ” A shortage of old master treasures, fewer    old master specialists and public attention on the   pictures (which are in the contemporary market) are partly responsible for the shift in emphasis. The London dealer Guy Sainty, who has long specialized in old masters, said that he is mystified and frustrated. “I’ve been an art dealer for nearly 40 years, and I just don’t get it  —   I don’t understand where the collectors have gone, the people with knowledge,” he said. ”There’s a sense somewhere that the American collector has simply lost interest in European culture. ” The old masters category generally denotes the period after the Renaissance and mostly describes European artists  —   including Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael, Goya and El Greco  —   who were known for their highly detailed, realistic paintings and drawings, along with the floral still lifes of Flemishmasters like Jan Brueghel the Elder. To be sure, there is still a public appetite for viewing old masters. The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s show “Vigée Le Brun: Woman Artist in Revolutionary France,” for example, drew more than 165, 000 visitors. The Getty and the Frick Collection, which focus on historic works, say attendance remains strong. When prime masterworks do come up for auction, they perform well, as evidenced by the $58 million paid in July for Peter Paul Rubens’s “Lot and His Daughters” at Christie’s London’s old masters sale, the   expensive work ever sold at auction by the artist. But masterpieces surface only rarely private owners tend to hold onto them, as do museums. “It’s a real supply problem,” Mr. Dolman said. An appreciation for old masters, experts say, also requires a deeper history of collecting and an educated eye. Christie’s, for example, trains its old master specialists for six to seven years, whereas its contemporary experts get three to four years. And new collectors tend to find contemporary art more accessible. “People who buy into the old master field have more connoisseurship  —   maybe more passion,” said Christophe Van de Weghe, a Madison Avenue dealer specializing in   work by modern masters from Matisse to Basquiat. Some attribute the increasing interest in contemporary art to the rising popularity of contemporary architecture. “People who come into the contemporary field like colors that go well with their couches,” Mr. Van de Weghe said. “All these new buildings  —   with high ceilings, big windows,” he added, “they scream for contemporary art. ” Old master curators are also increasingly hard to come by. In university art history programs in the United States, contemporary art is “by far, the most popular,” reports Richard Meyer, an art history professor at Stanford University, in his book “What Was Contemporary Art?” (MIT Press, 2013). “We’re losing a sense of the value of the past, including the value of past art,” Mr. Meyer said in an interview, “not just the aesthetic value, but the ways in which it can teach us about the cultures and the people who came before us. ” To fill curatorial positions, museums are having to look to Europe. The Getty, for example, recently hired Davide Gasparotto  —   the former director of the Galleria Estense in Modena, Italy  —   as its senior curator of paintings. “You can’t find curators with the right training and knowledge of European art in American art graduate programs anymore,” Mr. Sainty said. “They want to do contemporary art. ” While acknowledging that the old masters market can be “very spiky,” Alexander Bell, the worldwide   of Sotheby’s old master paintings department, said: “We still very much believe in old masters,” adding that “we’ve all got to evolve in the way we present our material and engage with our clients. ” The art world is making adjustments, juxtaposing old masters alongside contemporary artists in exhibitions, galleries, art fairs and auction sales. The Metropolitan Museum of Art is planning a $600 million wing for contemporary and modern art in March, it filled its temporary satellite, the Met Breuer, with unfinished works from the 15th century to the present, presenting Renaissance masters like Titian and Rembrandt alongside contemporary artists like Brice Marden and Kerry James Marshall. Last year, the museum started an online series called “The Artist Project,” in which contemporary artists talk about historical works at the Met that inspired them  —   like John Currin on Ludovico Carracci’s 1582 oil on canvas, “The Lamentation. ” “When you hear contemporary artists talking with passion about the genius of old masters  —   that, we assume, will help open up the historical fields to new audiences,” Thomas P. Campbell, the director and chief executive of the Met, said, “to understand that all art was once contemporary. ” Similarly, the Art Institute of Chicago’s recent show of old master portrait prints explored how artists like van Dyck influenced contemporary artists like Chuck Close. “We brought printmaking into the present,” said James Rondeau, the museum’s president and director. This mixing of genres has been prominently tested at Christie’s themed sales, which include works from many different time periods. “Perhaps they would rather put their resources into other, potentially more profitable departments,” said Nicholas Hall, the former   of old master paintings at Christie’s, who left in July, along with Benjamin Peronnet, Christie’s head of old master and   drawings. While the Frick is eager to reach today’s audience, the museum is also wary of straying from its mission of showing classic European art and sculpture. “A lot of museums are focused on a false dichotomy  —   if they get young people in through contemporary exhibitions they’ll stay and get interested in old masters,” said Ian Wardropper, the Frick’s director. “I just don’t believe it. The point is to try to reach them in an intelligent way on their own terms and make it interesting  —   and that’s not easy we’re all struggling with that. ” In light of these developments, old masters have become a collecting opportunity. Printings and engravings can go for $4, 000 to $5, 000. While Orazio Gentileschi’s   “Danae” sold at Sotheby’s in January for $30. 5 million, “that is less than a Christopher Wool and half the price of a Warhol,” Mr. Sainty said. “You can buy a really good Rembrandt for $40 to $50 million. That’s not a lot of money when you think about how many Rembrandts there are  —   and how many Jeff Koons. ” Even as the collecting world continues to obsess over contemporary art, there are bargains to be had in the category of old masters, both at auction and in galleries, particularly if you’d be happy with a print or engraving. A few examples follow of old master works, currently  —   or coming up  —   for sale. Sotheby’s Prints  Multiples Sale in London, Sept. 27 Pieter van der Heyden, “Nemo Non: Everyman Looks for His Own Profit,” Engraving, circa 1558, £ £6, 000 ($5, 000 to $8, 000) Jacopo de’ Barbari, “Victory Reclining Amid Trophies,” Engraving, circa 1498, £ £4, 000 ($ $5, 200)   Desprez, “La Chimère de Monsieur Desprez,” Etching, circa   £ £30, 000 ($26, 000 to $39, 000) Nicoletto da Modena, “Ornament Panel With Bound Slaves and a Birdcage,” Engraving, late 15th century to early 16th century, £ £4, 000 ($3, 900 to $5, 200) Jusepe de Ribera, “The Poet,” Etching, circa   £ £8, 000 ($7, 800 to $10, 500) George Stubbs, “A Sleeping Cheetah,” Mezzotint, 1788, £ £5, 000 ($3, 900 to $6, 500) Sotheby’s Exhibition, “Glazed: A Legacy of The Della Robbia,” New York, Oct. 21  —   Nov. 12, $100, 000 to $3 million Marco (Fra Mattia) della Robbia, “Coat of Arms of the Bonsi della Ruota Family” Giovanni della Robbia, Decorative amphora vase with dolphin handles, circa   Andrea della Robbia, “The Annunciate Virgin,” circa   Andrea della Robbiam “Two Sleeping Soldiers From a Lunette Representing the Resurrection,” circa   An artist known as the Master of the David and Saint John Statuettes and Giovanni della Robbia, “Saint Michael the Archangel,” circa   Sotheby’s Old Master Paintings, Jan. 2017 Ridolfo del Ghirlandaio, “The Holy Family With the Annunciation to the Shepherds Beyond, Italian Renaissance” oil on panel, circa 1500, $ $120, 000 Christie’s Old Master Paintings sale, Oct. 26 in New York Jan Brueghel the Elder and Hans Rottenhammer I, “Winter Landscape,” oil on copper, $ $250, 000   Pater, “Soldiers and Vivandières Around a Campfire,” oil on canvas, $ $150, 000 Ippolito Caffi, “The Grand Canal, Venice,” oil on canvas, $ $90, 000 Stair Sainty Gallery in London Elizabeth Louise Vigée Lebrun, “Portrait of Countess Yekaterina Skavronskaia,” oil on canvas, 1790, $660, 000 Jean Baptiste Greuze, “L’Attention,” oil on canvas, 1780, $80, 000 Pierre Subleyras, “The Duke of Saint Aignan Investing Girolamo Vaini, Prince of Cantalupe and Duke of Selci, With the Insignia of a Knight of the Holy Spirit,” oil on canvas, 1737, $350, 000 Pierre   two landscape paintings, each titled “View of Corsica,” $15, 000 and $20, 000 Pierre   “Salomé,” four paintings, three on canvas, one on wood, priced individually, $45, 000, $55, 000, $65, 000 and $85, 000. Albert   “Barges on the Seine,” oil on canvas,   $48, 000 Simon Dickinson Gallery in London Jakob Marrel, “Roses, Tulips, Iris,” oil on panel, 1644, $500, 000 Pier Leone Ghezzi, “Susannah and the Elders,” oil on canvas, late   1730s, £330, 000 ($434, 500) Jan Brueghel the Elder, “Landscape,” oil on copper, 1606, $591, 000 Francesco Zuccarelli, “View of the River Thames From Richmond Hill,” oil on canvas, 1752, $525, 000",0
7384,Philippines v. China: Q. and A. on South China Sea Case - The New York Times,"An international tribunal in The Hague released a landmark decision on Tuesday in a dispute between China and the Philippines over  the South China Sea. Here are answers to six questions about the case.  What is this case about? The Philippines filed a complaint in 2013 after China took control of a reef about 140 miles from the Philippine coast. It accused China of violating international law by interfering with fishing, endangering ships and failing to protect the marine environment at the reef, known as Scarborough Shoal. But the Philippines also went further, asking an international tribunal to reject China’s claim to sovereignty over waters within a “  line” that appears on official Chinese maps. The dashes encircle as much as 90 percent of the South China Sea, an area the size of Mexico that is vital to global trade and rich in natural resources, including potential oil deposits. The Philippines also accused China of violating international law by dredging sand to build artificial islands out of several reefs in the South China Sea, including one it says is in its waters. The tribunal largely agreed, declaring that there was “no legal basis” for the   line and concluding that China had unlawfully built an artificial island in Philippine waters.  What does international law say? The Philippines filed its complaint under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which lays out rules for the use of the world’s oceans. The treaty came into force in 1994 and has been ratified by both China and the Philippines, as well as 165 other states and the European Union. The treaty says a country has sovereignty over waters extending 12 nautical miles from its coast, and control over economic activities in waters on its continental shelf and up to 200 nautical miles from its coast, including fishing, mining, oil exploration and the construction of artificial islands. The treaty sets out detailed rules for defining these zones, what to do when two nations’ zones overlap and how to resolve disputes. China’s   line includes waters beyond these zones, and Beijing has cited what it calls historical evidence to support it. But the tribunal rejected that argument, saying any historic rights that China enjoyed previously “were extinguished” by the treaty. The tribunal also said that while Chinese navigators and fishermen had historically used islands in the sea, there was no evidence Beijing had ever exercised exclusive authority over the waters or their resources.  What does China say? China has boycotted the international tribunal that was set up to hear the case. It says the panel of five judges and legal experts has no jurisdiction because the sovereignty of reefs, rocks and islands in the South China Sea is disputed. The argument goes like this: If you don’t know what countries these specks of land belong to, you can’t use the treaty to draw territorial and economic zones in the waters around them. And the judges can’t decide whom the specks of land belong to because the Law of the Sea deals only with maritime disputes, not land disputes. China also says it reached a deal with the Philippines years ago to settle disputes in the South China Sea through negotiations. That agreement, it says, prohibited the Philippines from taking the case to the tribunal. Why is this case important? In addition to China and the Philippines, four states  —   Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam  —   claim parts of the South China Sea, and China’s   line overlaps with the “exclusive economic zone” of a fifth country, Indonesia. Their differences sometimes escalate into skirmishes, and people are worried that an incident could erupt into a broader conflict. Tuesday’s decision is the first time an international tribunal has ruled on any of these disputes. It could set a precedent or establish principles for easing tensions. It could also alter the political dynamic in the region, restraining some countries while emboldening others. China probably has the most at stake. Since the case was filed, it has conducted enormous dredging operations to transform reefs into artificial islands with military runways and naval harbors, over the objections of countries with competing claims as well as those of the United States. The tribunal could declare some of this construction illegal, or it could leave the question unresolved. Either way, China’s response to the decision will be seen as a test of what kind of country it is becoming  —   a global leader committed to international law and institutions, or a superpower willing to take unilateral action against its neighbors.  Why does the Chinese government care so much about the South China Sea? Chinese military strategists say China needs to control the sea to defend itself, to push the United States out of the Western Pacific and to become a naval power. China also depends on the shipping routes that go through the sea, and is eager to lay claim to oil and other resources to fuel its voracious economy. There are domestic political factors, too. Chinese schoolchildren are taught that the sea has belonged to China since ancient times, and President Xi Jinping has used the construction of artificial islands in the sea to fan nationalist sentiment and strengthen his authority over the Chinese military.  What happens if the tribunal rules against China?  The Chinese government has said it will not “accept, recognize or execute” the decision. While the decision is binding, the tribunal has no power to enforce it, and no one expects that China will volunteer to dismantle its artificial islands and return the sand to the ocean floor. But the United States, the region’s dominant military power, could use the decision to justify more naval patrols in the area, to recruit new allies and give more support to old ones, and to rally world opinion against Beijing’s behavior. While it will denounce the decision in public, the Chinese leadership may decide to back off and begin easing tensions with neighboring countries. It could start with the new Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, who says he wants to improve relations with China and has proposed talks on maritime cooperation. But some analysts are worried that President Xi will respond instead with defiance. Chinese diplomats have already suggested China might withdraw from the Convention on the Law of the Sea. It could also begin transforming the reef at the center of the dispute, Scarborough Shoal, into a military outpost, risking a clash with the Philippines, an American ally. And it might try to impose a new “air defense identification zone” over part of the South China Sea, asserting the right to identify, monitor and take military action against planes in the area.",0
7385,Live at Truthdig: Robert Scheer and Thomas Frank Talk About His New Book at 4 P.M. PDT,"Live at Truthdig: Robert Scheer and Thomas Frank Talk About His New Book at 4 P.M. PDT Posted on Oct 30, 2016 Eventbrite 
Truthdig editor in chief Robert Scheer sits down with political analyst Thomas Frank to discuss his new book “Listen Liberal: Whatever Happened to the Party of the People?” as well as the 2016 election and other topics at 4 p.m. PDT in Los Angeles, Cali. 
You can watch the live discussion here on our Facebook , and it will be posted here later this afternoon. You can click here for more details about the event, and check out past Facebook live videos on our YouTube page! 
Advertisement",0
7386,"Trump’s Granddaughter, 5, Sings in Chinese, and China Swoons - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   President Trump may not be known for his diplomacy, but someone in his family appears to be picking up the slack. That would be Arabella, his    granddaughter. A video of her singing “Happy New Year” in Chinese has gone viral on social media in China. Arabella has been taking Chinese lessons. Arabella’s mother, Ivanka Trump, posted the song on her Instagram account on Thursday. “Arabella singing a song she learned for #ChineseNewYear. Wishing everyone an amazing year to come during these days of celebration,” Ms. Trump wrote on her account. Arabella appeared in a black cardigan with ornate pockets and skinny black pants, and she played with a Chinese marionette as she sang. On Weibo, China’s version of Twitter, more than 60, 000 people said they liked Arabella’s song. Some of them said they much preferred her to Mr. Trump, who has stirred the   relationship over Taiwan and the South China Sea, among other things. “The granddaughter is much more sensible,” said one. Another Weibo user noted, “Her Mandarin is perfect. ” Some people were more critical: “So you want to get the Chinese off your back with just this song?” However, this was not Arabella’s first diplomatic coup this week. On Wednesday evening, she and her mother turned up at a New Year’s reception at the Chinese Embassy in Washington. A beaming Chinese ambassador, Cui Tiankai, escorted the pair around the party, as Arabella, decked out in red dress with a big bow at her neck, played with Chinese traditional arts that were on display. China’s official broadcaster, CCTV, showed the    team at the reception on its   news broadcast on Thursday. The usually stern   newspaper Global Times almost gushed. “Her appearance at the Chinese Embassy, endowed with a certain political and diplomatic significance, could be invigorating to the  . S. relationship,” the paper said of Ms. Trump’s embassy visit, with Arabella in tow.",0
7387,"Extra Incentives to Benefit Russia-Serbia Trade, Economic Ties","Get short URL 0 1 0 0 Relations between Moscow and Belgrade are developing favorably, nevertheless, additional stimuli would benefit their trade and economic cooperation, Serbia's First Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic told Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev on Wednesday. 
BELGRADE (Sputnik) — During his visit, apart from Dacic and Stefanovic, Patrushev is expected to meet with Serbian Defense Minister Zoran Djordjevic, and President Tomislav Nikolic. As part of the visit, Patrushev will take part in the ceremony of laying wreaths at the memorial to the liberators of Belgrade and at the monument to Soviet soldiers. © AP Photo/ Darko Vojinovic Serbian Minister Stands for Increased Cooperation With Russian Security Services ""Minister Dacic stressed that relations between Serbia and Russia are traditionally good, and are developing in the interests, and to the satisfaction, of both countries, as well as that it is necessary to provide additional incentives for the development of trade and economic relations,"" the Serbian Foreign Ministry press service announced, citing the first deputy head of the Serbian government. 
In the afternoon, before speaking with Patrushev, Interior Minister of Serbia Nebojsa Stefanovic said that Belgrade was successfully cooperating with the Russian Interior Ministry, Federal Security Service and the National Guard. Patrushev proposed to work on a memorandum of understanding to create the conditions for regular communication on security matters of mutual interest. ...",0
7388,Comment on Leaked Email Proves New Clinton DOJ Investigator Tipped Off Hillary’s Campaign During First Investigation by Phil Freeman,"Home / BREAKING NEWS / Leaked Email Proves New Clinton DOJ Investigator Tipped Off Hillary’s Campaign During First Investigation Leaked Email Proves New Clinton DOJ Investigator Tipped Off Hillary’s Campaign During First Investigation Claire Bernish November 2, 2016 1 Comment 
Just yesterday, The Free Thought Project reported how the new Department of Justice investigation of Hillary Clinton is fated to fail from jump street, since Clinton campaign chair John Podesta’s best friend, Peter Kadzik, heads the probe — and now, evidence has surfaced veritably proving that theory. 
As Assistant Attorney General, Kadzik vowed in an anomalous letter to Congress Monday the Justice Department would “continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible” in its newly reopened investigation of Clinton’s emails, through documents from top aide, Huma Abedin, as discovered on the computer of her now-estranged and disgraced husband, Anthony Weiner . 
But, as it turns out, Kadzik gave Podesta the “Heads up” on March 19, 2015— via his personal Gmail account , not his government-issued email account — that “There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.” 
To say tipping off the Clinton camp about Department of Justice business — through a personal, more covert email account, no less — is an ethically and morally questionable move would be a serious understatement of the nature of the collusion. 
It would seem, if Kadzik indeed tipped off Clinton insiders more than once, the announcement of another probe only constitutes empty talk to placate politicians and the public now seething over continued revelations from Podesta’s emails now published on a daily basis by Wikileaks. 
In fact, this one email suggests the DOJ held intense bias in favor of Hillary Clinton during its first investigation — and with Kadzik again heading the second probe, any claims of ‘impartiality’ can be effectively abandoned. 
Reopening both the FBI and DOJ investigations has sparked serious contention both in and between the two, as well as spawning sharp criticism from former officials concerned protocol has been dismissed in the process. 
Rep. Adam Schiff said FBI Director James Comey’s publicly announcing the reopening its investigation put an “enormous hand on the scale in a political contest,” the Wall Street Journal reported . 
Schiff, a former assistant U.S. attorney, said the FBI has guidelines preventing such public announcements as the information could sway, or be viewed as influencing, a ‘political contest in its final days.’ 
“Clearly here the [FBI] director did not have the facts,” he railed, as the WSJ reported. “He had not read the emails. He didn’t know if they were significant or not, and I think we are seeing in all of its graphic character just why these DOJ policies exist.” 
Kadzik, in fact — as Wikileaks also revealed — had dinner with Hillary Clinton just one day after she testified before the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October. Further, as the Daily Caller reported , 
“Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta’s birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik’s son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign.” 
With the DOJ at least minimally compromised with Clinton insiders and sympathizers — and the FBI additionally so, considering Comey’s decades-long relationship with the Clinton family — it would seem both investigations are doomed to fail, whether or not any of the players actually misbehaved. Share Google + Phil Freeman 
Doesn’t matter, election results are in before the voting ends look and share before this is taken down http://82.221.129.208/basepaget2.html Jim Stone’found the hidden msm page that controls the narrative. Social",0
7389,Hillary’s Silent Plan to Destroy America,"PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 
This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information. Click on the image to begin the download process This Movie Reveals the Greatest Threats to the American People- If the movie did not make it to your neighborhood, you can order your copy of the DVD. 
Order your copy by clicking here. 
By Dave Hodges | 2016-10-26T18:01:03+00:00 October 26th, 2016 | United States | 0 Comments Share This Story, Choose Your Platform! About the Author: Dave Hodges Leave A Comment",0
7390,Arsonist Sets Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas on Fire - Breitbart,"A man ignited two large fires on the 17th floor of the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas, using toasters and towels to set the flames. [One person was injured during the blaze. The Hollywood Reporter reported that the injured person was a security guard the extent of the guard’s injuries are not known.  According to the Las Vegas   the man believed to be responsible for starting the conflagration was taken into custody Wednesday night. Local NBC News affiliate 3News identified the suspect as    Roger Fraley. The Clark County Fire Department was reportedly dispatched to the hotel at 2000 Fashion Show Drive, just after 5 p. m. on Wednesday after receiving reports of two separate, simultaneous fires. The firefighters reportedly found one small fire in a women’s pool deck restroom, and another in the hallway of the 17th floor. The fire did not activate the sprinkler system but it reportedly did activate the smoke alarms. The Las Vegas   wrote that it took more than 45 Clark County Fire Department personnel, arson investigators and Metro detectives to address the conflagration and ensuing investigation. Fraley is currently booked in the Clark County Detention Center. A police spokesman told the Las Vegas   that Fraley is facing charges of   arson and burglary. It is not clear what Fraley’s motives were in setting the fire. Three days before President Donald Tump’s historic inauguration, a man from California attempted to set himself on fire “as an act of protest” in front of the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D. C. “We have a dictator that has been elected,” the man reportedly said at the time. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
7391,Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ,"Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ By 0 65 
The campaign headquarters of Hillary Clinton in Brooklyn, New York, was taken over Thursday by protesters against the Dakota Access Pipeline being constructed in North Dakota and three other states. They’re demanding the candidate declare where she stands. 
READ MORE: Arrests as North Dakota cops remove pipeline protesters from private land (PHOTOS, VIDEO) 
Surrounding a drum circle and teepee in the middle of Clinton’s presidential campaign headquarters in Brooklyn was a coalition of Bernie Sanders supporters, environmentalists and members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, all demonstrating against the planned 1,172-mile, $3.78 billion pipeline known as the Dakota Access. 
The activists who call themselves “protectors, not protesters” are demanding Clinton openly take a position on the Dakota Access pipeline, or DAPL. 
The main protests are ongoing in North Dakota, where police ordered evacuations of activists demonstrating on private land reserved for the crude oil project. Other demonstrations have been held in the other states where the pipeline is scheduled to cross into, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. 
Other Clinton campaign offices were also targeted in solidarity on Thursday, including the one in Seattle, Washington. 
 ",0
7392,A Hillary Win Will Be Google’s Win of Everything,"Share This: Dispatches from Eric Zuesse O n November 7th, a Morning Consult and Politico poll of early voters showed Donald Trump to be overwhelmingly viewed by early voters as being the more dangerous of the two major-Party candidates. The mega-corporation Alphabet, formerly known as Google, deserves a lot of the credit for that result, on candidate Hillary Clinton’s behalf — against, first, Bernie Sanders, and, now, Mr. Trump. Eric Schmidt, the billionaire Chairman and top executive of Alphabet Corporation, has been behind the scenes working for her campaign all along, and will be beyond being the most powerful person in the world (which he already was) if she wins. On 1 February 2016, FORTUNE bannered, “Google’s Parent Seizes Apple’s Crown As Most Valuable U.S. Company” , and that understated the reality: it’s been actually the entire world’s most valuable company ever since that time (and not merely the “Most Valuable U.S. Company”). Eric Schmidt: One of the billionaires who control our destiny, for the worse. 
Schmidt detailed in the recently wikileaked 2014 email to Hillary’s campaign, the means for winning both the nomination and the ultimate victory. It was an email to Hillary Clinton’s aide Cheryl Mills, dated 15 April 2014 , and was promptly forwarded by her to John Podesta, Hillary’s campaign manager. Here is just the opening of it, to indicate the types of matters it addressed: 1. Size, Structure and Timing Let’s assume a total budget of about $1.5Billion, with more than 5000 paid employees and million(s) of volunteers. The entire startup ceases operation four days after November 8, 2016. The structure includes a Chairman or Chairwoman who is the external face of the campaign and a President who is the executive in charge of objectives, measurements, systems and building and managing the organization. Every day matters as our end date does not change. An official campaign right after midterm elections and a preparatory team assembled now is best. 2. Location The campaign headquarters will have about a thousand people, mostly young and hardworking and enthusiastic. Its important to have a very large hiring pool (such as Chicago or NYC) from which to choose enthusiastic, smart and low paid permanent employees. DC is a poor choice as its full of distractions and interruptions. Moving the location from DC elsewhere guarantees visitors have taken the time to travel and to help. The key is a large population of talented people who are dying to work for you. Any outer borough of NYC, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Boston are all good examples of a large, blue state city to base in. Employees will relocate to participate in the campaign, and will find low cost temporary housing or live with campaign supporters on a donated basis. This worked well in Chicago and can work elsewhere. The computers will be in the cloud and most likely on Amazon Web services (AWS). All the campaign needs are portable computers, tablets and smart phones along with credit card readers. 3. The pieces of a Campaign a) The Field Its important to have strong field leadership, with autonomy and empowerment. Operations talent needs to build the offices, set up the systems, hire the people, and administer what is about 5000 people. Initial modeling will show heavy hiring in the key battleground states. There is plenty of time to set these functions up and build the human systems. The field is about organizing people, voter contact, and get out the vote programs. .. Then, for example, there’s this: .. Partners like Blue State Digital will do much of the fund raising. A key point is to convert BSD and other partners to pure cloud service offerings to handle the expected crush and load. d) Media (paid), (earned) and (social), and polling New tools should be developed to measure reach and impact of paid, earned and social media. The impact of press coverage should be measurable in reach and impact, and TV effectiveness measured by attention and other surveys. Build tools that measure the rate and spread of stories and rumors, and model how it works and who has the biggest impact. Tools can tell us about the origin of stories and the impact of any venue, person or theme. .. and this: .. In the case where we can’t identify the specific human, we can still have a partial digital voter id, for a person or “probable-person” with attributes that we can identify and use to target. As they respond we can eventually match to a registered voter in the main file. This digital key is eventually matched to a real person. It’s focused on controlling the outcome regardless of the actual merits of the competing candidates; and Schmidt was an ultimate insider in his knowledge of what companies Podesta should select to carry out the various parts of this operation. (Of course, those companies will then be in a privileged position, alongside Alphabet, serving a Clinton Administration.) S chmidt also was proving to Hillary that in his work for her he was entirely objective in her interests, such as by his recommending Amazon, his big cloud-computing competitor, instead of Alphabet’s own cloud-computing service. This is a bipartisan operation, for her, against any and all other candidates. .. Schmidt also was crucially involved in helping in 2011 to plan the coup in Ukraine that Hillary’s State Department was then working on, and which culminated successfully in February 2014 . ( Here’s Hillary’s protégé Victoria Nuland overseeing the operation and selecting on 4 February 2014 who would be leading the country after the coup: “Yats” .) This ‘democratic revolution’ “featured civic self-organization aided by the use of Internet-based social media, neighborhood initiatives, and online news sites” , and this online operation (directed mainly at rallying Ukraine’s anti-Russians, called ‘pro-EU’ people) fits precisely the “tech camps” that started inside the U.S. Embassy in Ukraine on 1 March 2013 , after Google’s CEO Eric Schmidt and Google’s and the U.S. State Department’s Jared Cohen, had deceived wikileaks’ founder Julian Assange into informing them, on 23 June 2011 , how to foment massive public demonstrations online. As planned (and, of course, Assange had no fore-knowledge of any of this), the coup ended in a very bloody ‘false-flag’ operation on 20 February 2014, in which Right Sector paramilitaries who had been trained by the rabidly anti-Russian racist Dmitriy Yarosh , and who were dressed as state-security police, shot down upon the crowd and murdered both regular policemen and the protesters, so that the bloodshed would be blamed on the man Obama was trying to oust, the democratically elected President, Viktor Yanukovych (who was lots more popular among Ukrainians than any of the subsequent top leaders of Ukraine have been). .. Then these Right Sector mercenaries massacred an untold number of Crimeans who had been peacefully demonstrating there in Kiev against the anti-government (called ‘Maidan’) demonstrators, and who fled back into their eight buses that had taken them there from Crimea, back now to Crimea. Yarosh’s people blocked the buses at the town of Korsun and murdered some and injured others . This terrified the people in Crimea, which had voted 75% for the very person that the Obama Administration had just overthrown. That massacre was a key precipitating-event for the plebiscite that was then held in Crimea on 16 March 2014, at which over 90% of the residents voted for Crimea to rejoin with Russia, of which it had been a part until the Soviet leader in 1954 arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine. .. Right Sector thugs (now in plain clothes) were also behind the subsequent 2 May 2014 massacre of the new regime’s peacefully demonstrating opponents inside the Trade Unions Building in Odessa — the event that sparked the breakaway of yet another region of Ukraine: Donbass. .. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama wanted to control Ukraine because it has the longest border with Russia of any European country and would be ideal for placing missiles aimed at Moscow just a five minutes flight-time away. This was part of a plan that was started actually by U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush on the night of 24 February 1990 and which both Bill Clinton and Bush’s son advanced, as did Obama and as will Hillary — presumably to the plan’s ultimate conclusion, war against Russia. .. It’s a massive, decades-long, team-effort, on the part of America’s billionaires and their allied billionaires around the world; and, if Clinton wins, then it will be culminated. Eric Schmidt is key to her success in it, and will probably benefit hugely from it, if the conquest can be carried out by non-nuclear means or by ‘bluffing’ (which, of course, is being carefully gamed-out). But, just in case it goes nuclear, the people who are on the inside have already invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends’ friends . They are prepared for the worst, but hope for the best (for themselves, at least). About the author =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS",0
7393,"Beyoncé Is Pregnant, and Twitter Loses It - The New York Times","The reaction on social media to the news that Beyoncé is pregnant with twins was by turns swift, sweet and strange. While Beyonce’s Super Bowl performance of the hit song “Formation” was seen as a pointed political statement, addressing issues like black pride and police brutality, it and the video drew anger from some in law enforcement who said they were an attack on their profession. Then there were others like the police officer in Virginia who recreated her formidable choreography to inspire high school students. A phone call to the Atlanta department seeking comment was not immediately returned on Wednesday.",0
7394,Dan Savage: Melania Trump Is ‘Ugly on the Inside’ - Breitbart,"Content Warning: Adult language]  This week on his “Savage Love” podcast, gay rights activist Dan Savage went after first lady Melania Trump, saying she was “as ugly on the inside as she is pretty on the outside. ” “I want to open today’s show talking about someone I hate,” Savage, who is a     activist, said. “But God knows there’s enough hate in the world, and I don’t want to add to the sum total but forgive me, I have got to get this off my chest: I f***ing hate Melania Trump. ” He continued, “I’m not alone in loathing Donald Trump’s third wife  —   she’s married to a misogynist after all. Odds are good her husband hates her, too. But there are some folks on the left who not only don’t hate her. They view her as some sort of sympathetic figure. The pretty princess in the tower locked up by the orange ogre with the bad combover, a princess desperately blinking out distress signals during   ceremonies and inaugural balls. ” He added, “I think we can credit that undeserving charitable view of our new first lady to our propensity as humans, as a species to think that the insides of pretty people match the outsides of pretty people. And that may be true sometimes but only randomly. And everyone always beware of confirmation bias. And you know what it’s definitely not true in this case. Mrs. Trump, Melania Trump, is as ugly on the inside as she is pretty on the outside. She is a birther. Pretty Melania went on TV to push the same racist conspiracy theories about Barack Obama that her husband did. She’s an immigrant who doesn’t give a s**t about the plight of other immigrants. She’s famously a plagiarist. And she’s brought ruinous lawsuits against journalists and bloggers accusing them of, among other things, potentially interfering with her ability to profit off her role as first lady. ” (  The Wrap) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7395,Trump: Don't Follow the Bush-Obama Foreign Policy Legacy,"Written by Jacob G. Hornberger   Eight years ago, President Obama had a chance to change the warmongering direction that outgoing President Bush and the U.S. national-security establishment had led America for the previous eight years. Obama could have said, “Enough is enough. America has done enough killing and dying. I’m going to lead our country in a different direction — toward peace, prosperity, and harmony with the people of the world.” He could have ordered all U.S. troops in the Middle East and Afghanistan to return home. He could have ended U.S. involvement in the endless wars that Bush, the Pentagon, and the CIA spawned in that part of the world. He could have led America in a new direction.Instead, Obama decided to stay Bush’s course, no doubt believing that he, unlike Bush, could win the endless wars that Bush had started. It was not to be. He chose to keep the national-security establishment embroiled in Afghanistan and Iraq. Death and destruction are Obama’s legacy, just as they were Bush’s.Obama hoped that Hillary Clinton would protect and continue his (and Bush’s) legacy of foreign death and destruction. Yesterday, a majority of American voters dashed that hope.Will Trump change directions and bring U.S. troops home? Possibly not, especially given he is an interventionist, just as his Clinton, Bush, and Obama are. But there is always that possibility, especially since Trump, unlike Clinton, owes no allegiance to the U.S. military-industrial complex, whose survival and prosperity depends on endless wars and perpetual crises.If Clinton had been elected, there was never any doubt about continued U.S. interventionism in Afghanistan and the Middle East. Not only is she a died-in-the-wool interventionist, she would have been owned by the national-security establishment. She would have done whatever the Pentagon, CIA, and NSA wanted, which would have automatically meant endless warfare — and permanent destruction of the liberty and prosperity of the American people.It’s obvious that Americans want a new direction when it comes to foreign policy. That’s partly what Trump’s election is all about. Americans are sick and tired of the never-ending wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere. That includes military families, especially the many who supported Trump, Gary Johnson, or Jill Stein. Americans are also tired of the out of control spending and debt that come with these wars. By electing Trump, it is obvious that Americans are demanding a change on foreign policy.Imagine the benefits to American society if Trump were to change directions on foreign policy. No more anti-American terrorist blowback, which would mean no more war on terrorism. That means the restoration of a sense of normality to American lives. No more TSA checkpoints at airports. No more mass surveillance schemes to “keep us safe.” No more color coded warnings. No more totalitarian power to round up Americans, put them into concentration camps or military dungeons, and torture them. No more power to assassinate people, including Americans. In other words, the restoration of American civil liberties and privacy.The Middle East is embroiled in civil wars — wars that have been engendered or magnified by U.S. interventionism. Continued interventionism in an attempt to fix the problems only pours gasoline on the fires. The U.S. government has done enough damage to Afghanistan and the Middle East. It has already killed enough people, including those in wedding parties, hospitals, and neighborhoods. Enough is enough.Will Trump be bad on immigration and trade? Undoubtedly, but Clinton would have been bad in those areas too. Don’t forget, after all, that Obama has become America’s greatest deporter-in-chief, deporting more illegal immigrants than any U.S. president in history. Clinton would have followed in his footsteps, especially in the hope of protecting his legacy. Moreover, while Trump will undoubtedly begin trade wars, Clinton would have been imposing sanctions on people all over the world whose government failed to obey the commands of the U.S. government. A distinction without a difference.Another area for hope under a Trump presidency is with respect to the drug war, one of the most failed, destructive, and expensive government programs in history. Clinton would have followed in Bush’s and Obama’s footsteps by keeping it in existence, if for no other reason than to cater to the army of DEA agents, federal and state judges, federal and state prosecutors, court clerks, and police departments whose existence depends on the drug war.While Trump is a drug warrior himself, he doesn’t have the same allegiance to the vast drug-war bureaucracy that Clinton has. If we get close to pushing this government program off the cliff — and I am convinced that it is on the precipice — there is a good chance that Trump will not put much effort into fighting its demise. Clinton would have fought for the drug war with every fiber of her being.There is another possible upside to Trump’s election: The likelihood that Cold War II will come to a sudden end. With Clinton, the continuation of the new Cold War against Russia was a certainty. In fact, Clinton’s Cold War might well have gotten hot very quickly, given her intent to establish a no-fly zone over Syria where she could show how tough she is by ordering U.S. warplanes to shoot down Russian warplanes. There is no telling where that would have led, but it very well might have led to all-out nuclear war, something that the U.S. national-security establishment wanted with the Soviet Union back in the 1960s under President Kennedy.The danger of war with Russia obviously diminishes under a President Trump, who has said that he favors friendly relations with Russia, just as Kennedy favored friendly relations with the Soviet Union and Cuba in the months before he was assassinated.Indeed, given Trump’s negative comments about NATO, there is even the possibility of a dismantling of that old Cold War dinosaur that gave us the crisis in Ukraine with Russia. 
How about it, President-Elect Trump? While you’re mulling over your new Berlin Wall on the Southern (and maybe Northern) border and your coming trade wars with China, how about refusing to follow the 16 years of Bush-Obama when it comes to U.S. foreign interventionism? Bring the troops home. Lead America in a different direction, at least insofar as foreign policy is concerned — away from death, destruction, spending, debt, loss of liberty and privacy, and economic impoverishment and toward freedom, peace, prosperity, and harmony. Reprinted with permission from the Future of Freedom Foundation . Related",0
7396,"This Time, Anna Deavere Smith Cuts Close to Home - The New York Times","Anna Deavere Smith is coming home. The protean actress and playwright has spent her career interviewing and then embodying people of different races and divergent points of view  —   “chasing that which is not me,” as she put it in a recent interview. But her new play, “Notes From the Field,” a prolonged meditation on education and criminal justice, is different. “This piece,” she said, “is about me. ” That may not be obvious to the audience. Like her previous work, including her most famous   plays, “Fires in the Mirror,” about the 1991 race riots in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, and “Twilight: Los Angeles, 1992,” about the Rodney King riots, “Notes From the Field” is based on scores of interviews. Ms. Smith plays 19 characters, including Linda Wayman, the dedicated principal of a struggling high school in Philadelphia Kevin Moore, the deli worker in Baltimore who videotaped police officers dragging Freddie Gray into a police transport van and Niya Kenny, the high school student in Columbia, S. C. who videotaped a sheriff’s deputy slamming a    girl on the floor in an effort to extract her from her desk. As in her other plays, these people are represented in their own words, with Ms. Smith reproducing their intonation and cadence. But the themes in “Notes From the Field” are unusually personal, she said in an interview in Cambridge, Mass. in late August. Her mother was a teacher and then a principal in the Baltimore public school system many aunts and family friends were also teachers. All these women believed strongly in the power of education to lift children out of poverty. But her interviews revealed a system that no longer seemed able to do that in most cases. Instead, many children came to school angry, hurt or simply without the requisite   and quickly got into trouble. Some of the most disturbing stories she heard about harsh discipline early on were about the Baltimore schools. “I was like, ‘Oh my God, I’ve been gone from there all these years, and this is not the Baltimore that I knew,’” she said. “And I was like, ‘Man, it is time to go home. ’” She was sitting in a rehearsal room after a matinee at the American Repertory Theater, where she performed the play before its current run at Second Stage Theater, where it is in previews and opens on Nov. 2. Having just spent two hours onstage, she appeared tired, but still paused twice, amid answering questions about the play, to ask a reporter what she thought of certain issues in education. She was wearing soft white pants, a white   and neon rubber   sandals. She sipped tea out of a Harvard mug. Even at lower than usual volume, her voice was captivating  —   deep and slightly husky  —   and when she laughed, it was a hearty cackle. She explained the long and somewhat complicated genesis of the play. “Notes From the Field” began as an investigation of the   “   pipeline”  —   a phrase that refers to the tendency of punitive discipline and police presence in schools to draw young minority students into the criminal justice system. But as she did her research, Ms. Smith said, and spoke to educators, social scientists and others about the role of trauma in children’s lives, she became less enamored of the phrase “   pipeline,” which she believes “blames schools and teachers for something that’s so much bigger. ” Four educators are portrayed in the play. Tony Eady’s job title at North Charleston High School is “Student Concerns Specialist,” which he, by way of Ms. Smith, says means that he is “the eyes and ears” for the principal. He had been employed in a   prison before coming back to work at the high school, which he also attended. “I often tell some of my colleagues that the penitentiary where I used to work and the school, it is similar,” he says in the play. “These kids wanna control you. Be able to test you. Manipulate you. ” His wife works at another high school, and they talk on the phone every day as they are driving to work, giving each other pep talks. Ms. Smith said he’s important to the play because his viewpoint is likely to challenge her usual audience. “I really wish I had more voices like Mr. Eady,” she acknowledged. “Somebody who says: ‘This is hard. They’re disrespectful. They’re disobedient, and I can’t touch ‘em and grab ‘em anymore, and that’s why I need a cop. Because you took that away from me. You took the   discipline away. ’” The section of “Notes From the Field” about Baltimore is focused on the death of Mr. Gray and is less clearly about education than the rest of the play, although the bleak prospects faced by young men like Mr. Gray are partly a matter of education, or the lack of it. Besides Mr. Moore, there is Allen Bullock, a protester who describes feeling hatred from the police, and Jamal Bryant, a pastor whose eulogy for Mr. Gray describes the victim as caught in a   crisis, with no doors open to him. Ms. Smith, who had not visited Baltimore in many years, went twice in the spring of 2015  —   first, shortly before Mr. Gray’s death, for her younger brother’s funeral, and then a month later, in the wake of the protests, to conduct research for the play. She was shocked by the physical ruin of parts of the city. Her childhood neighborhood looked “bombed out,” she said. She visited her alma mater, Western High School, and found it very changed, as well. This   school had many Jewish students when she attended, some of whom she befriended through student government. She cannot remember any serious discipline issues. Now, because of white flight, the student body is mostly black, and there are fights and other problems. “That principal has to be not just a principal  —   she has to be a social worker,” Ms. Smith said. Second Stage has made two changes to the play. A subtitle, “Doing Time in Education,” was dropped because, the artistic director, Carole Rothman, said, “I don’t think the piece is only about education. ” Also, at the A. R. T. and at Berkeley Repertory Theater, where the play ran in the summer of 2015, there was a   second act in which audience members were organized into groups to talk about the problems it raised. Ms. Rothman said they were not doing that in New York mostly for space reasons  —   the theater’s lobby is small  —   but also because, she said, “New York is a little different than Harvard in terms of how people deal with their time. ” Ms. Smith said she had wrestled with how to get audience members to think more actively about the issues the play brings up. “There’s so much to learn about, how do you get an audience to change its position from the passive spectator?” she said in Cambridge. “What causes an audience to really say, ‘Well, what can I do about this? ’”",0
7397,Slower Growth in Jobs Report May Give Fed Pause on Interest Rates - The New York Times,"Good. But not too good. That is the verdict from economists after the Labor Department reported on Friday that in August employers added 151, 000 jobs, the unemployment rate was unchanged at 4. 9 percent, and wage gains were modest. It was a solid performance that keeps the economy on track, but not strong enough to push the Federal Reserve to raise its benchmark interest rate when policy makers meet this month. “It confirms that the economy is performing well, but does not provide the threat of overheating that might have caused an   increase sooner rather than later,” said Carl R. Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust. Since the financial crisis, the Fed has raised interest rates just once, in December, from near zero. Low rates are intended to encourage businesses to borrow and invest, but Fed policy makers are now split between those who worry that reducing this economic stimulus would undermine growth and those who fear that waiting could allow inflation to take hold. Republicans and Democrats mined the report for evidence that supported the economic arguments they will make through the November election. How to handle a recovery that has delivered steady but less than spectacular growth has not only been a flash point among Fed bankers  —   who will next meet on Sept. 20 and 21  —   but also between the presidential candidates Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton. For the Trump campaign, which has suggested that recent employment figures have understated the dire state of the labor market, the decline in manufacturing jobs was another sign that the policies of the Obama administration were leaving   workers behind. Mr. Trump, a Republican, has also railed against trade deals, blaming them for jobs lost to Mexico and China, as part of his strategy to appeal to disaffected white,   voters. “The latest economic numbers from the past day paint a bleak picture,” said Curtis Ellis, a senior economic adviser to Mr. Trump. Hoping to attract those same   voters, Mrs. Clinton, a Democrat, has proposed public investments in infrastructure like roads, affordable housing and renewable energy. Jacob Leibenluft, an economic adviser to the Clinton campaign, said that she was focused on dealing with “the challenge of not enough   jobs and the general sense of economic insecurity that persists. ” At the same time, Democrats have pointed to the positive signs in the overall economy, highlighting sturdy job growth in the private sector that has lasted a record 78 months, and a low jobless rate. Some economists say that a recovery as modest and uneven as this one would normally add to the problems for the incumbent political party, but the unorthodox nature of Mr. Trump’s candidacy could help Mrs. Clinton overcome the odds. “A kind of   status quo economy might not have been good enough for Clinton against a normal Republican candidate,” Kyle Kondik, of the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics, said. “But against Trump maybe it will be enough. ” The jobless rate, based on a separate survey of households, stayed at 4. 9 percent, roughly half of what it was seven years ago, and consumer spending remains healthy. But a broader measure of unemployment that includes discouraged and underemployed workers is nearly twice that figure. Wages have only recently begun to climb. The   increase was a modest 2. 4 percent in August, slower than in the previous month but a pace that keeps most workers ahead of inflation. Another report released on Friday offered more encouraging news, showing that the United States trade deficit shrank sharply, by 11. 6 percent in July from the previous month, because of an increase in American exports. Earlier, monthly job gains   plummeting to 24, 000 in May and swelling to more than 10 times that number in June and July. As Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez said, “Sometimes the porridge is really hot sometimes the porridge is really cold this one is in between. ” Revised estimates from the Labor Department left the hearty totals from the previous two reports little changed and took the   average of monthly job gains to 232, 000 after big gains of 271, 000 in June and 275, 000 in July. The August estimate is subject to two more revisions. Economists, who estimate that the nation needs about 100, 000 new jobs every month to keep up with population growth, say it is natural for the jobs machine to slow as the pool of unemployed workers gradually dries up. Still, large numbers of   workers remain out of the labor market altogether, widening the gap between the haves and the   and depressing wage gains. “A lot of people are still on the bench that could come into the labor market,” said Ken Esch, a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers or PwC, an accounting and consulting network. “Until more people are participating, I don’t see the inflationary pressures, and our data says we don’t expect to see much over the next 12 months. ” A recent PwC survey of private companies found that fewer than half of respondents planned to add positions in the next 12 months, a decrease from the first quarter of 2016, and that companies expected to increase wages, but by less than 3 percent. Retirements in the baby boom generation are also playing a role in keeping wage gains modest. “You have many young, inexperienced workers joining the work force today, and many older workers at the peak of their earnings retiring,” said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor Economic Research. “That churning is pulling the average wage down. ” Diversity in wage growth is wide. “Most of the best gains are in skilled jobs, like tech, health care and finance,” Mr. Chamberlain said. “There are very poor wage gains in many   professions, especially manufacturing and energy,” two areas that have also been shedding jobs. Ian Siegel, a founder and the chief executive of ZipRecruiter, which distributes job postings primarily from small and midsize businesses, said he had noticed that “the number of jobs posted stayed flat, but there’s been a shift in mix,” with a “big increase in   jobs. ” His observations are in line with a report released last month by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York that found the American economy was creating more   jobs, basically defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as those paying $30, 000 to $60, 000 a year. “The tide has begun to turn,” William C. Dudley, president of the New York Fed, said when the report was released. “For the first time in quite a while, we are seeing gains in   jobs actually outnumber gains in   and   jobs nationwide. ” Dan Finnigan, chief executive of Jobvite, a recruiting service used by   said the tightening job market might be prying open more opportunities for younger workers. “I’m hearing without a doubt that employers are taking more risks and are forced to hire less experienced people for jobs,” he said. In his view, older workers who were able to delay retirement when the recession hit did so, blocking more junior employees from moving up the pipeline. That clog is finally beginning to clear. The growing number of retirees accounts to some degree for the droopy labor force participation rate, offsetting the number of sidelined workers who have rejoined the labor force, Jason Furman, chairman of the president’s Council of Economic Advisers, said. At the same time, Mr. Furman acknowledged that a large proportion of   workers, 25 to 54, particularly men, remained outside the circle of work. This group’s participation rate, now at 88 percent, started slipping decades ago, he said, but the decline in the United States has been much sharper than in advanced Western European economies. “That leads me to the conclusion that it is not caused by technology but is a result of institutional and policy choices we’ve made as a country,” Mr. Furman said. “For women, we do very little to subsidize child care or make workplaces flexible. When it comes to men, we spend very little money to train people for jobs or find jobs. ” Jonas Prising, chairman and chief executive of the ManpowerGroup, one of the largest recruiters in the United States, agreed that low participation rates were troubling, despite the improving labor market. “It may look like full employment,” he said, “but it’s not full employment. ”",0
7398,#MyUnintendedJoy: Americans Show Why They Choose Life Over Abortion - Breitbart,"The hashtag #MyUnintendedJoy is trending on Twitter prior to Friday’s March for Life, as women faced with unplanned or complicated pregnancies are Tweeting their stories showing why they chose life over abortion. [The Federalist’s Bre Payton highlights the hashtag and draws attention to “the women and children the abortion industry doesn’t want you to know about. ”  The March for Life is the world’s largest   demonstration and will be held Friday, January 27, on the national mall in Washington, D. C. Here are some of the stories about the babies who were born because their mothers and fathers chose life, despite the recommendations of doctors and other family members and friends to abort: #MyUnintendedJoy came when we were young, broke and completely unready for a family. Now she’s almost 2 and the highlight of every day. pic. twitter.   —   Gabrielle Rystedt (@gabbithegreat) January 23, 2017,    Many warned me that keeping him would ruin my life. Instead he redeemed it. #MyUnintendedJoy pic. twitter.   —   Kayla (@VixenRogue) January 23, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy came after rape. https:  .   —   Denise Bossert (@denisebossert) January 26, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy will be 25 Friday. She’s special needs  most pro choice women wouldn’t have given her a chance! @ScottBaio @MrsScottBaio pic. twitter.   —   Jenn Graves (@JennGraves1) January 23, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy Is 14 and the light of my life. She is my hero. pic. twitter.   —   Heather (@hboulware) January 23, 2017,  My unintended became both mine and his adooptive parents joy. #MyUnintendedJoy,  —   Sweet_Me_Lissa (@Mel_lific) January 25, 2017,  Doctors Told Me to Abort My Disabled Baby But He Has Brought Me Unintended Joy https:  .  #MarchForLife #MyUnintendedJoy pic. twitter.   —   LifeNews. com (@LifeNewsHQ) January 26, 2017,  Contraceptive failure, on fetus damaging meds, refused recommended abortion. #MyUnintendedJoy is now a 27 year old mother of three beauties!  —   FederalistTXTwister (@KeleJohnson) January 24, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy is my everything and then some more pic. twitter.   —   Allison Bean Wrinkle (@AllisonMBean) January 24, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy came during my 3rd year in law school. It was not easy, but I wouldn’t trade anything in the world for him.  —   Naniluns (@naniluns) January 25, 2017,  #Myunintendedjoy is probably my favorite hashtag to date. Their momma’s chose life, and we chose #adoption. I’m endlessly joyful. pic. twitter.   —   Lauren Rae Konkol (@laurenkonkol) January 24, 2017,  Bio mom chose life and look what happened. 💕😍❤️ #MyUnintendedJoy pic. twitter.   —   Schültzie 🇺🇸🇻 (@schultzenfreude) January 23, 2017,  I was #myunintendedjoy born to parents who could not take care of me in addition to their 3 other kids and am so glad they chose adoption!  —   Miraculous Christine (@RevPokemon) January 24, 2017,  #MyUnintendedJoy turned me into a warrior: I protected him when no one else would. We both became stronger together :)  —   The Little Llama (@somelittlellama) January 25, 2017,  #myunintendedjoy is a strong, brave 25 year old man that is basically my caretaker now. His motto is ”you took care of me, now it’s my turn,  —   Karen Porter (@karenyporter) January 24, 2017,  #myunintendedjoy 6 yrs ago, appointment was set, money in pocket, best appointment I ever missed. pic. twitter.   —   ᱚɛɱ ղɛ۷ɛя λɠλɪղ (@XxKISxXx) January 24, 2017,  #myunintendedjoy Adopted, not aborted pic. twitter.   —   Floyd Lee Corkins (@epluribus2013) January 24, 2017, ",0
7399,Will a No-Fly Zone Help the People of Aleppo?,"Email 
Media coverage has recently been saturated with distressing scenes showing the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo, where aerial bombardment has led to a heavy loss of civilian life. The severity of the crisis instinctively makes us want to help – scores of protesters gathered outside the seat of the British prime minister on Saturday holding signs calling on the government to “Save Aleppo” and impose a “No-Bomb Zone Now”. While the anger is understandable, the way it is being channeled reflects a circumscribed policy debate – there are other options than a No-Fly Zone, which should be avoided as it would harm rather than help efforts to alleviate the suffering of Syrian civilians. 
In any area of policy, the mainstream debate revolves around policy alternatives that reflect establishment divisions. For example, in economics, ‘there is no alternative’ to neoliberalism, at least there wasn’t until Keynesianism was rediscovered by some elites after the 2008 crisis. The debate over what is to be done over Syria revolves around two policy alternatives: the hawks, including likely next U.S. president, Hillary Clinton, advocate a NFZ and the doves, including the current U.S. administration, maintain that the sanctions regime should be increased. This effectively reflects a division within the establishment on how to proceed. Serious policy alternatives are not discussed. In particular, discussion of increasing aid and support to refugees, surely the most obvious way of directly helping civilians in Syria, and what the UN has called on industrialized countries to do , is curious by its absence. 
This circumscribed debate does not logically follow from its supposed pretext – stopping civilian loss of life. In fact, a NFZ is a policy that would unavoidably lead to civilians dying. Enforcing a NFZ means destroying air defenses, which are located to defend cities – i.e. they are located in areas where there are many civilians. Even the flagbearer for the hawks, Hillary Clinton, has admitted privately that with a No-Fly Zone “you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians”; such intervention will “take a lot of civilians”. This realization would seem inconsistent with the often-used humanitarian pretext, but it makes sense given Hillary Clinton’s recent admission that her top priority in Syria is removing Syrian President Assad. 
There is a clear parallel with the imposition of a NFZ in Libya, which prolonged the conflict and worsened the situation for civilians. NATO bombing directly led to scores of civilian deaths and facilitated the overthrow of the regime by rebel militias that have killed, and are continuing to kill , thousands. Particularly repugnant was the ethnic cleansing of black people , including through public lynching . In a 2013 paper , Alan Kuperman, a Harvard academic, argued that NATO intervention extended the war by a factor of 6 and increased the death toll 7 to 10 times; given that Libya is now a failed state, torn apart by warlords, we can safely say that these estimates were too conservative. President Obama privately calls the situation in Libya a “ shit show ”. Only last month a report from the Foreign Affairs Committee of the British Parliament found that the humanitarian justification was an insufficient pretext and based on falsehoods, the supposedly limited intervention led “ineluctably” to regime change, and that the (British) government, and by implication other participating Western powers, did not seriously consider diplomatic alternatives to military action. 
Regardless, the mantra of Western foreign policy is “it will be different this time” – unlike all recent Western military interventions this one will be limited, successful and won’t leave a worse humanitarian situation in its wake. Although, if the dire humanitarian situation in Aleppo necessitates immediate action, then why are there not equally loud calls for action for civilians facing similar situations? U.S. bombing in Manbij and Kobane in Syria and Ramadi and Fallujah in Iraq has resulted in thousands of civilian deaths and flattened entire neighbourhoods ; more than a third of US and UK backed Saudi airstrikes in Yemen have hit civilian sites, including schools , hospitals , weddings and funerals . 
Talking about this is not meant as a distraction or relativization; the fact that the U.S. and Saudi Arabia are engaged in similar activities does not make the bombing of Aleppo less objectionable. However, it does raise questions about the motives of those pushing so hard for a no-fly zone. If western foreign policy actors, and their allies in press, were motivated by humanitarian concerns, then surely stopping these atrocities should appear on the policy agenda – especially given that the action required is easier and does not risk war with Russia. 
If humanitarian considerations were really the important factors in the foreign policy debate, then there would be discussion on the legitimacy of aerial bombardment of cities and towns, given that this invariably leads to civilian deaths. International agreements have been successful in making chemical and biological weapons illegal, a prohibition which is generally followed ( though not always ). The first well-publicized use of aerial bombardment, the Nazi bombing of Guernica in 1937, caused righteous, popular outrage. Tragically, however, its use became normalized during the Second World War and a ban on aerial bombing of cities was not included in the post-war international settlement. The fact that this seems so hopelessly idealistic reflects the fact that it is geopolitics, not humanitarian considerations, that govern international relations and foreign policy discussion; human suffering is nothing more than a useful pretext for whatever actions you want to take in order to secure geopolitical advantage. The U.S. and its allies want to remove Syria from Russia’s orbit, so therefore the dictator there must go, but airstrikes to support the dictator in Yemen are fine, because the dictator there is a friend of close U.S. ally Saudi Arabia. 
There is an added complication with the NFZ in Syria in that it marks a return to Cold-War era brinkmanship and possible armed confrontation with Russia. The logic of brinkmanship runs that to make geopolitical gains, one must escalate to a level that will make the other side back down, partly by convincing your enemy you are ready to commit irrational acts. There is an inherent danger in this game: both states are nuclear armed and the consequences of a spiral of escalation could be devastating . 
Syria hawks, or what close Obama aide Ben Rhodes called the “ pro-stupid shit ” caucus, argue that a NFZ will lead Russia to effectively back down: for example, Clinton argued that it will “give us leverage in our conversations with Russia”. (Interestingly, in the exchange this quote from Clinton indicated the war goal: a NFZ will make Russia “put the Assad future on the political and diplomatic track” – i.e. Russia will be forced to accept regime change.) After all, despite the panic in the press, Russia is actually a feeble successor state to a superpower, and would come off worse in a direct conflict with the preeminent might of North America, or so the logic runs. 
However, ‘dovish’ Western foreign policy actors point to the danger that advanced Russian materiel support to Syria poses to the enforcement of a NFZ. Unlike other recent U.S. military adventures, enforcing a NFZ in Syria could lead to significant, and politically unpalatable, American casualties – pilots will be shot down. This realization means that saner establishment figures are opposed to a NFZ. For example, U.S. Army General Carter Ham, who oversaw the NFZ in Libya, said a NFZ is a “violent combat action that results in lots of casualties and increased risk to our own personnel”. 
Instead, relative doves like current Secretary of State John Kerry advocate intensifying the sanctions regime against Syria and Russia. Again, this does not seem to be seriously about helping civilians. A leaked UN report has revealed that the existing Western sanctions regime is preventing humanitarian aid and creating a humanitarian disaster that threatens to rival that caused by the Oil-for-Food program in Iraq during the 1990s. The history of sanctions tends to show that the costs are borne by civilians, and a Petersen Institute study of all sanctions incidents since WWII shows that sanctions failed to achieve their goals in about ⅔ of cases, and are even less successful when applied against enemies and autocrats. 
So, what is to be done? What should people in the West and globally push for to help the people of Syria? Unfortunately, there do not seem to be any quick fixes – the situation in Syria is complex and involves diverse actors, with competing interests. Immediate relief to the refugees fleeing the conflict should be a priority. In terms of foreign policy, campaigning for de-escalation and diplomacy against constant militarism remain the best solutions for the Syrian people, and humanity generally.",0
7400,"Inside the Invisible Government: John Pilger on War, Propaganda, Clinton and Trump","Inside the Invisible Government: John Pilger on War, Propaganda, Clinton and Trump An American chopper patrols over the skies of Baghdad. (DVIDSHUB, Flickr) By John Pilger / newmatilda.com 
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term “public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, “Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” 
Bernays’ influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them]according to our will without their knowing about it”. 
He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government”. 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives as it does now, and to go unchallenged. 
Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. (IMAGE: The U.S. Army, Flickr) 
In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same thing is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by “us”– by the United States and Britain. They even have a media centre that is funded by Britain and America. 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain, and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was “vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell’s fabrications. Former US president George W Bush (IMAGE: Peter Stevens, Flickr) 
The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, “What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, “there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq”. 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question – Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande’s bombast about France being “at war” and “showing no mercy”. That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
“When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, “the silence is a lie.” 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable.​ 
As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: “We would feed journalists factoids of sanitised intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” 
The West’s medieval client, Saudi Arabia – to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars’ worth of arms – is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. 
Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs –“our” bombs – that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. 
The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. 
Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia – and with careers on the BBC, the Guardia n, the New York Times , the Washington Post . 
These organisations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. 
And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. An anti-Gaddafi rally, Libya 2011. (IMAGE: mojomogwai , Flickr) 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call “regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi’s influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, “We came, we saw, he died!” 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian : “Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” 
Intervention – what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, Nato launched 9,700 “strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, “most [of them]under the age of 10”. 
As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. 
Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times , the Washington Post and the Guardian , and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and Nato. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington’s military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the Ruskies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count.​ Russian president Vladimir Putin. (IMAGE: IoSonoUnaFotoCamera, Flickr) 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d’esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. 
But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behaviour and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America’s design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, “I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it’s over.” That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world – unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. US Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. (IMAGE: Gage Skidmore, Flickr) 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to “totally obliterate” Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a No Fly Zone in Syria — a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime –a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way – in the Caucasus and eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton’s victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defence drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays’“torches of freedom”. Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton. (IMAGE: iprimages , Flickr) 
George Bush’s press spokesman once called the media “complicit enablers”. 
Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: “Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.” 
This is adapted from an address to the Sheffield Festival of Words, Sheffield, England. JohnPilger.com – the films and journalism of John Pilge 3.5 ·",0
7401,Showdown! NFL MVP Matt Ryan Leads Falcons Against Tom Brady and the Patriots - Breitbart,"Sports play as an escape from real world negativity. Unfortunately, the sports and political worlds collide quite a bit recently. [Whatever your political persuasion, the actual game on Super Bowl Sunday should prove fun to watch. Neither the cast of the Mike   musical Hamilton singing “America the Beautiful” pregame nor   Lady Gaga performing the halftime show, or commercials with political agendas, can ruin a game, featuring two great quarterbacks, New England’s Tom Brady and Atlanta’s Matt Ryan.  Let’s take a closer look at the football game, which likely plays as a nice   escape from political football. One of the great   in this contest features Ryan against a superb Patriots secondary: cornerbacks Malcolm Butler and Logan Ryan, along with safeties Devin McCourty and Patrick Chung. They all play on a high level. However, the Patriots’ secondary faces a Herculian challenge against the Falcons’ coterie of   weapons, led by wide receiver Julio Jones, who averaged more than 100 receiving yards a game this season. If you take away Jones, Ryan happily targets other talented wideouts such as Mo Sanu or speedy Taylor Gabriel, or perhaps one of three talented tight ends. “As a defensive coordinator, you really have to pick your poison, and decide what you want to take away,” Jones said. And the poison includes a tailback tandem that can hurt you running and receiving. Atlanta’s dynamic duo of Davonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman combined for 2, 482 yards and 24 touchdowns this season. This pair of powerful runners are passing game weapons as well, combining for 85 receptions and 883 yards. The Patriots aren’t easy to run against with a cornucopia of talented, massive defensive linemen such as Alan Branch and Malcolm Brown. “They have big heavy guys up front that are ” said Falcons center Alex Mack. And Mack, Atlanta’s outstanding center, isn’t healthy. He’s dealing with a painful left fibula injury, and will probably need a Toradol shot to get through the game. “I’m concerned,” Falcons coach Dan Quinn said about Mack. “I’m not panicked, but I’m concerned. ” With a   quarterback and a coterie of weapons, the Falcons certainly shouldn’t struggle scoring, but they can score enough? Can they keep up with the Brady? While Atlanta’s defense has improved from early in the season, it’s still not an elite unit. In their regular season finale, a   win over New Orleans, Saints QB Drew Brees threw for 350 yards, wide receiver Michael Thomas snagged 10 catches for 156 yards and tailback Mark Ingram rushed for 102 yards. After watching this tape, Brady likely chomps at the bit. The Falcons start three defensive rookies  —   safety Keanu Neal and linebackers De’Vondre Campbell and Deion Jones. They also feature a rookie nickel back, Brian Poole, who plays a lot. Brady is superb at manipulating defenders with his eyes  —   throwing them off the trail of where he intends to throw. Rookies are particularly vulnerable to this chicanery. Expect Brady to target these rookies. “Brady is going to find out what the kids know,” said SiriusXM NFL Radio analyst Pat Kirwan. “I would expect him to [go after the rookies],” said Neal. “I would expect him to go to a guy that doesn’t have as much as experience as others. ” Neal embraces the challenge. “Bring it on,” Neal said. “I’m not scared. ” Be careful what you wish for. Brady, looking for his fifth Super Bowl victory, is coming off a virtuoso performance vs. Pittsburgh in the AFC Championship Game, throwing for 384 yards and three touchdowns. At 39, Brady is still at the top of his game, and wants to play six more years. “You combine his competitiveness, his preparation, his accuracy and his toughness with his memory, you’ve got the best quarterback to ever play,” Houston Texans coach Bill O’Brien, a former Patriots assistant, told the Boston Herald. A good way to mess with Brady is with interior pressure. “The best way to disrupt [his] rhythm has always been pressuring Brady from the center of the pocket,” Falcons coach Dan Quinn said. “Many times, when [pressure] comes from the edge he’s able to step up and find an extra [second] worth of time to find a free receiver. ” And blitzing Brady a lot isn’t a good idea. “There isn’t a blitz I haven’t seen,” said Brady, a   NFL starting QB. The New York Giants beat him in a pair of Super Bowls (2007 and 2011) without blitzing. They relied on their front four to pressure him, allowing them to drop seven guys into coverage. “When you can affect him with a   rush, it’s absolutely pivotal for our defense,” said Falcons defensive tackle Tyson Jackson. “You can drop more in coverage. ” Plus, if you blitz, you aren’t likely to get there the Patriots allowed only 24 sacks in the regular season. Aside from Brady’s greatness, another problem for the Falcons  —   they are sans their top cornerback Desmond Trufant, on injured reserve. “[The Falcons] will lose, if their defense isn’t good enough,” said retired coach Dick Vermeil. It probably isn’t. The pick here is New England.",0
7402,Erdogan: Soon Europeans ’Will Not Walk Safely on Their Streets’,"Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has warned the European Union (EU) that if the diplomatic spat between Turkey and several European countries continues, Europeans won’t be able to walk their own streets safely. [President Erdoğan made the comments Wednesday in what is another increase of tensions between Turkey and the EU that began when Germany and the Netherlands banned several Turkish ministers from holding campaign rallies for the upcoming Turkish referendum. Erdoğan has threatened Europe before, but this time he threatened the safety of Europeans if the row continues, Die Welt reports.  “If you continue to behave like this, not a single European, not a single Westerner will be able to take a step on the road safely anytime in the world,” Erdoğan said at a press conference adding: “We as Turkey are calling on Europe to respect human rights and democracy. ” Erdoğan did not go into specifics of the threat, though many Turks living in countries like Germany and the Netherlands have expressed massive support for him following the failed coup attempt last year. Shortly after the coup, tens of thousands of Turkish expats attended a rally in Cologne, Germany, to express support for Erdoğan. On the night two Turkish ministers were refused entry in the Netherlands earlier in March, hundreds of Turks flooded the streets of Rotterdam and rioted. Following the actions of the Netherlands, Erdoğan and his government have suspended   diplomatic relations with the Dutch and even accused the country of being complicit in the Srebrenica massacre calling them “Nazi remnants“. Germany has also seen heated rhetoric from Ankara and   Turkish press who depicted German Chancellor Angela Merkel as a Nazi on the cover of newspaper Gunes. Many in Europe are concerned what effect the row will have on the migrant deal made between the EU and Turkey last year. The deal rapidly slowed the number of migrants crossing from Turkey to Greece from hundreds a day to dozens. The Turks have made it clear that the deal is on the table and have threatened to scrap it and send 15, 000 migrants a month to Europe. Erdoğan said the political bloc can “forget about” the migrant deal and that it is, for all intents and purposes, dead.  The Turkish government has threatened the deal before when Ankara became frustrated with the lack of   access to the bloc for Turkish citizens. More troubling has been a recent report that showed an abnormal increase in the number of migrant arrivals over the past week. Some have attributed the rise in sea landings to improved weather conditions, while others question whether this may be the first signs of the end of the migrant deal.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com",0
7403,UN Urges EU to Stop Sending Migrants to Hungary,"GENEVA (AFP)  —   European countries must stop returning asylum seekers to Hungary due to deteriorating conditions there for new arrivals including children, and allegations of abuse, the United Nations said Monday. [The situation for asylum seekers and other migrants has long been considered dire in Hungary, but it has worsened since the country last month introduced a new law on the systematic detention of all asylum seekers.  “I urge states to suspend any Dublin transfer of   to this country until the Hungarian authorities bring their practices and policies in line with European and international law,” said Filippo Grandi, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. The   Dublin Regulation, which aims to stop people making asylum claims in multiple countries by requiring asylum seekers to be sent back to the first European country they arrived in, applies to European Union nations as well as   Switzerland and Norway. Grandi said he was “encouraged” by a European Commission decision to work with Hungarian authorities in a bid to bring Budapest’s practices in line with EU law, but stressed in a statement that “urgent measures are needed to improve access to asylum in Hungary. ” The UN refugee agency has repeatedly cautioned that Hungary’s use of physical barriers and restrictive policies basically deny the access to asylum guaranteed under international law. Since Hungary’s new law came into force on March 28, all new asylum seekers, including children, have been “detained in shipping containers surrounded by high razor fences at the border for the entire length of their asylum procedures,” UNHCR pointed out. According to the government 324 shipping container homes have been installed at two separate locations called “transit zones” built into a fence that Hungary erected along the   ( )  border in 2015. UNHCR warned last month that the new practice would “have a terrible physical and psychological impact on women, children and men who have already greatly suffered. ” As of last Friday, 110 people, including four unaccompanied children and children with their families, were being held there, UNHCR said. EU member Hungary previously systematically detained all asylum applicants but suspended the practise in 2013 under pressure from Brussels, the UN refugee agency and the European Court of Human Rights. Grandi on Monday hailed recent efforts by Hungarian authorities to address allegations of police violence. But he said: “We remain very concerned about highly disturbing reports of serious incidents of   and violence against people crossing the border into Hungary, including by state agents. “These unacceptable practices must be brought to an end and I urge the Hungarian authorities to further investigate any allegation of abuse and violence,” he added.",0
7404,"Trump Supporters Raise Nearly $24,000 For Muslim Immigrant-Owned Limo Torched by Left-Wing Protesters - Breitbart","Supporters of President Trump have helped raise nearly $24, 000 for a limo owned by a Muslim immigrant after it was set on fire and destroyed by   protesters during the inauguration riots. [The GoFundMe page for Nationwide Chauffeured Limo Service recently reached just under $24, 000 in donations, most of which have come from conservatives and other limo service workers, after one of the company’s limos was attacked by a mob of protesters and completely damaged on inauguration day.  The limo, which was owned by Muslim immigrant Muhammad Ashraf, was attacked with bricks and rocks after dropping off a customer, before the vehicle was completely torched —   leaving the driver with minor injuries. “Protesters don’t understand that they are putting innocent people out of business with their actions. I hope you get enough here to replace your limo so that you can continue your small business,” commented one user who donated $25, before tagging Trump’s signature slogan “#MAGA. ” “Showing the Left what tolerance looks like,” commented another with his $25 donation, while one $50 donation was signed “From a Trump Supporter. ” Ashraf, who did not support President Trump during the election, expressed disappointed in the protesters who torched his limousine. “I did not agree with many of the things he said, but that still does not give me the right to go and affect someone’s livelihood,” he said. “I really don’t think we need to take this [violent] route. ” Though nearly $24, 000 has been raised, the damage to Ashraf’s vehicle is reported to cost around $70, 000, which does not include the medical expenses and commission for the driver who was attacked. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
7405,Pope Francis: “…it is the communists who think like Christians”,"  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Pope Francis: “…it is the communists who think like Christians” Pope Francis: “…it is the communists who think like Christians” November 20, 2016, 4:37 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Pope Francis climbs the steps to the altar upon arriving to give the first mass of his visit to Cuba in Havana’s Revolution Square, Sept. 20. 
Last week, Pope Francis told Italian journalist and co-founder of the newspaper La Repubblica Eugenio Scalfari that “…it is the communists who think like Christians.” 
Here is the exchange: 
Q: You told me some time ago that the precept, “Love your neighbour as thyself” had to change, given the dark times that we are going through, and become “more than thyself.” So you yearn for a society where equality dominates. This, as you know, is the programme of Marxist socialism and then of communism. Are you therefore thinking of a Marxist type of society? 
A: “It it has been said many times and my response has always been that, if anything, it is the communists who think like Christians. Christ spoke of a society where the poor, the weak and the marginalized have the right to decide. Not demagogues, not Barabbas, but the people, the poor, whether they have faith in a transcendent God or not. It is they who must help to achieve equality and freedom”. 
Pope Francis also used a familiar progressive expression surrounding immigrants. He said in part, “…we need to break down walls and build bridges…” The pontiff said in part: 
We must break down the walls that divide us: we must try to increase well-being and make it more widespread, but to achieve this we need to break down walls and build bridges that allow us to reduce inequality and increase freedom and rights. More rights and greater freedom.” Wall at Vatican City 
As an aside, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerburg was quoted in April as saying, “Instead of building walls we can help build bridges.” Just one month later, Zuckerburg reportedly “…started buying parcels around his Palo Alto home to protect his privacy.” 0 Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under ""Key Links in our Chains,"" below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA (""progressive"" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, "" Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment "" and our earlier, ""Marxist President’s Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?"" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic ""sense"" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.",0
7406,"Is Trump Mentally Fit? ‘Sure,’ Gingrich Says - The New York Times","Does Newt Gingrich, the former Republican House speaker and     hopeful, think Donald J. Trump has the mental fitness to be president of the United States? His answer in an interview on Monday was not very convincing. “Yeah, and my answer would be, sure,” Mr. Gingrich said, after a sigh and a pause, in an interview for the first episode of “The ” a new politics podcast from The New York Times that was published on Tuesday. The former speaker declined to give a more emphatic endorsement of Mr. Trump’s psychological sturdiness when the interviewer, Michael Barbaro, asked if he could “be more forceful than ‘sure.’ ” Instead, Mr. Gingrich said he believed Mr. Trump was “at least as reliable as Andrew Jackson” and praised him for possessing “a personality which will by definition not be normal. ” Here is a transcript of the exchange: (Andrew Jackson was last in the news when the Treasury Department decided in April that the former president, a slaveholder known today for both his persecution of Native Americans and advocacy for poor whites, would share the $20 bill with the former slave and abolitionist Harriet Tubman.) Questions have mounted among both Democrats and Republicans about whether Mr. Trump possesses the mental fitness and strength of character to serve as president, and his poll numbers have fallen as a result. Mr. Gingrich acknowledged Mr. Trump’s trouble in his interview with “The  . ” “The last two weeks have been peculiarly bad for Trump,” he said. Mr. Trump has appeared to inflict much of that damage upon himself, including by engaging in a   feud with the parents of a fallen United States soldier who criticized him at the Democratic National Convention, confounding many of his supporters. As his numbers have fallen and his troubles have grown, some Republican officials have begun to publicly reject his candidacy. On Monday Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said she would not vote for Mr. Trump, citing his “constant stream of cruel comments and his inability to admit error or apologize” to those he has attacked. Earlier that day, 50 national security officials who served in Republican administrations signed an open letter warning that he “would put at risk our country’s national security and  ” if he won the election.",0
7407,Risky Baking: It’s Hard to Make a Perfect Bagel Without Lye - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   I hunched over the stove wearing protective eyewear and rubber gloves, boiling a pot of water laced with a toxic, corrosive chemical. I wasn’t trying to dissolve a body like Walter White in “Breaking Bad. ” I wanted to recreate the perfect East Coast bagel, the kind with a glossy brown, crunchy crust and pillowy crumb, the kind I’ve found to be elusive here in San Francisco, where airy buns with holes try to pass for the real thing. The bubbling caldron was the final step in a   baking saga that was as maddening as it was gratifying. The good news is it only took me 300 bagels to nail it. The frustrating news is that the key to nailing it had been just across the Bay Bridge all along. My journey of 300 bagels began in May and became an office ritual. A native Californian who spent only two years in New York (long enough to become indoctrinated with East Coast bagel and pizza snobbery) I complained bitterly about missing my blistery gold, crunchy salt bagel with a   tomato schmear from    in Midtown Manhattan. No matter. I would make my own. Every week after filing my technology column for the business section, I would treat my colleagues with results of my experimentation. After a few weeks, I thought I had perfected it. I told my editor. She told the Food section. They invited me to prove it. I submitted my recipe, overnighted some bagels to my colleagues and prepared to write a   article. But the Food editors told me to wait just a minute: A recipe tester for The New York Times (and the author of a pizza cookbook) was going to try to beat my bagel. Better yet, the tester would bake my bagels and four contenders, and let a panel of bagel snobs at The Times judge whose were best. You know what happened: I lost. And paradoxically, the panel picked a bagel from a transplanted East Coast baker: Dan Graf, the    owner of Baron Baking, based in Oakland, Calif. I was in bitter denial. I tried Mr. Graf’s recipe, which was published in The Times in 2012. I baked bagels using both of our recipes. I preferred mine to his. My bagel, a result of combining techniques from over a dozen recipes online, in cookbooks and in YouTube videos, was admittedly complicated. (I destroyed and repaired my stand mixer twice while experimenting with it.) But I believed it was worth it. I liked the crunchy crust from boiling the bagels and baking them at a very high heat I liked the tangy flavor from the sourdough starter. Mr. Graf’s recipe  —   a combination of   flour, salt, water, malt powder and yeast boiled in a solution of salt and baking soda and then baked  —   was simpler, more straightforward. It resulted in a chewier crust and a nice crumb, but his bagels had a slightly yellow tint and a bitter aftertaste from the baking soda. I invited Mr. Graf to meet me at a cafe, where, aficionado to aficionado, we could swap our creations and politely judge each other. Mr. Graf, a   bearded man with glasses, called my bagel “phenomenal,” adding, “If I saw that in a store, I would buy it. ” He also complimented me for the extra punch in flavor from the starter. But he noticed some cracks on the bottom half of my bagels and recommended flipping them in the oven to prevent them from drying out. Then I ate a Baron bagel. It had a   brown crust, a delightful chew and a rich, nutty flavor. His bagels were perfectly shaped and shiny, like something that could be on the cover of Bon Appétit. “Yours are definitely better,” I said. He did not disagree. I asked Mr. Graf whether he had changed his recipe. He said no, but added that the version he offered to The Times was tailored for home kitchens. For more flavor, he mixes a starter and lets it sit for about 28 hours. This serves as a base for the dough. After the bagels are rolled and shaped, they ferment in the refrigerator for another 20 hours. And he uses a secret ingredient: lye, or sodium hydroxide, in the water, a chemical base used for boiling pretzels, making soap and cleaning drains (that last phrase being one you don’t want to see in a sentence about food). A tiny amount of lye dramatically increases the pH level of the water, Mr. Graf said, which results in the crispy brown crust. But use too much  —   or boil it in the wrong kind of pot (a stainless steel one is required)  —   and it could be poisonous. “There is that liability there of, like, ‘Oh, don’t poison yourself,’” Mr. Graf said. “It’s really caustic. ” So his home recipe instructs the baker to boil the bagels in salted water. (A Times reporter revised his recipe in 2012 to include baking soda, a common alternative to lye.) Here I was trying to perfect the bagel and working with a   version of his recipe. “It’s the tragedy of the food commons,” he said, referring to the simplification of home recipes. I was determined to try lye. By coincidence, I had dinner days later with a friend who had an unopened bottle in his closet. My friend had gone through a   phase and had hoped to experiment with boiling in lye, but never had the guts to open the bottle labeled in red: “Poison: Causes Severe Burns. ” I took the bottle home. The next morning, I drank a cup of coffee and put on my safety gear. Mr. Graf told me in an email to weigh the water and the lye so the chemical accounted for 0. 15 percent of the solution. Using a kitchen scale, I weighed a pot with 2, 200 grams of water (a bit more than a  ) and determined I needed about 3 grams of lye, which amounted to a small pinch. (For safe measurements, brave bagel makers should always weigh the lye with a scale). I dropped the lye into the stainless steel pot of water, brought it to a boil and added the bagels. The water turned a disturbing yellow. But after I transferred the bagels to the oven and baked them for 20 minutes, flipping them halfway through the cooking, I knew my quest had come to an end. The bagels came out exactly how I wanted them: crunchy and brown with a glossy sheen, a nice chew and soft inside. Not nearly as perfect as Mr. Graf’s, but exceptional for a bagel from a home kitchen. That day, some friends dropped by for brunch. Not one of them was poisoned. We fantasized for a moment about quitting our jobs and opening a bakery. But then we remembered Mr. Graf, and that his establishment delivers bagels to grocery stores and restaurants throughout the Bay Area, including a nearby Whole Foods, and that he could give    a run for its money. Recipe: Baron Bagels",0
7408,"Omar Abdel Rahman, Blind Cleric Found Guilty of Plot to Wage ‘War of Urban Terrorism,’ Dies at 78 - The New York Times","Omar Abdel Rahman, the blind Islamic cleric whose fulminating sermons inspired violent fundamentalist movements in Egypt and, an American court found, a 1993 plot for a bombing rampage in New York, died on Saturday at a federal prison near Raleigh, N. C. where he was serving a life sentence. He was 78. Greg Norton, a spokesman for the prison, the Butner Federal Correctional Complex, confirmed the death, saying the cause was complications of diabetes and coronary artery disease. Born to a humble merchant in a Nile Delta village and blind from infancy, Mr. Abdel Rahman became one of the most influential and fearsome theologians of the Islamist fundamentalism that swept the Middle East in recent decades. On Oct. 1, 1995, Mr. Abdel Rahman was convicted, along with nine other defendants, on sedition charges in Federal District Court in Manhattan. He was found guilty of guiding a conspiracy to wage “a war of urban terrorism,” with the ultimate aim of carrying out a day of bombings against the Holland and Lincoln Tunnels, the George Washington Bridge, the United Nations and the Manhattan headquarters of the F. B. I. Those bombings never happened, but the intent of the conspiracy, prosecutors said, was to destroy New York landmarks, kill hundreds of people and force the United States to abandon its support for Israel and Egypt. Prosecutors also asserted that Mr. Rahman was linked to the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, which killed six people. In Mr. Abdel Rahman’s trial, prosecutors described the World Trade Center attack as part of a broader conspiracy involving the blind cleric. They depicted the bombing as part of a plot that included the killing of a militant rabbi in 1990 and the conspiracy to blow up New York landmarks. Before coming to the United States, Mr. Abdel Rahman was put on trial in Egypt. In 1980, according to courtroom testimony there, he gave a blessing to a cell of militant Islamists, emboldening them to assassinate President Anwar   during a military parade on Oct. 6, 1981, in Cairo. Mr. Abdel Rahman faced trial twice in Egypt for instigating Mr. Sadat’s assassination and for political disturbances that erupted at the time. Twice, in 1982 and 1984, he was acquitted. In learned but vitriolic jeremiads, Mr. Abdel Rahman denounced Egypt’s secularist leaders as corrupt pharaohs and infidels. He proclaimed that faithful Muslims had a duty to wage jihad, or holy war, to install a government in Egypt that would obey the strictest Islamic laws. He denounced what he saw as the corrosive effect on Islam of the materialistic and hypersexualized West. In 1990, as he fled from Egypt, Mr. Abdel Rahman moved to the United States, bringing his   preaching and his campaign against the Egyptian president, Hosni Mubarak, to mosques in Brooklyn and Jersey City. Mr. Abdel Rahman, who was known as the blind sheikh, spent years in the most severe solitary confinement, barred from communicating with his followers, praying with other prisoners or even listening to Arabic radio. Failing blood circulation had killed the sensation in his fingertips, making it impossible for him to read his Braille Islamic texts. Mr. Abdel Rahman was born on May 3, 1938, in a small village in the Nile Delta. An infection blinded him at 10 months. When he became an adult, his right eye remained open but clouded while his left eye stayed closed. Sent to a school for the blind, he excelled, learning Braille and memorizing the Quran by the time he was 11. He trained to be an Islamic scholar, completing his doctoral degree in 1973 at   University in Cairo, the world’s premier center of Islamic learning. Mr. Abdel Rahman first antagonized the Egyptian authorities in 1970 when he barred the faithful in a mosque where he was presiding, in the town Fayoum, from praying after the death of President Gamal Abdel Nasser, a secularist. He was imprisoned for several months. Soon he began to espouse a doctrine, rooted in   Quranic interpretation, holding that devout Muslims were obliged to kill rulers who did not follow Islamic law. Saad Hasaballah, a lawyer who represented Mr. Abdel Rahman in the Sadat assassination trials, said the sheikh told the Islamist army officers involved in the plot that a secular leader like Mr. Sadat deserved death  —   although he never mentioned the president by name. In 1984, Egypt’s highest court found that Mr. Abdel Rahman had been tortured while in prison during the trials. Years later, at a news conference in New Jersey, he enumerated 12 methods of torture he said jailers had used. During the 1980s, Mr. Abdel Rahman emerged as the imam of the Islamic Group, a student organization that grew to include thousands of members. Over more than a decade, the group carried out terrorist attacks, including many on tourist sites, killing foreigners and paralyzing Egypt’s tourism industry. The government responded fiercely, imprisoning thousands of the group’s followers. Mr. Abdel Rahman also traveled that decade to Afghanistan and Pakistan, giving religious teachings to the Islamist fighters battling the Soviet occupation. He brought two of his sons, Ahmed and Muhammad, still teenagers, to Afghanistan to join the jihad. His preaching there brought him in contact with Osama bin Laden. In 1989, Mr. Abdel Rahman was put on trial again in Egypt, charged with instigating an antigovernment riot in Fayoum. Placed under house arrest, he managed to escape. On July 18, 1990, he traveled to New York, carrying a visa granted by the United States consulate in Sudan. Since his name had appeared on a State Department terrorism watch list, the visa prompted outrage in Congress and an investigation of the immigration agency. Still, Mr. Abdel Rahman did little to mute his sermons when he took up preaching in Brooklyn and Jersey City. After several of the bomb plot suspects were arrested in the act of mixing a brew of explosives, Mr. Abdel Rahman surrendered to federal authorities on July 2, 1993. His trial hinged on transcripts of secretly recorded meetings with an F. B. I. informant, Emad Salem. He was represented by the civil rights lawyer Lynne Stewart, who was convicted in 2004 of smuggling messages from the imprisoned sheikh to his followers in Egypt. She was granted compassionate release from federal prison three years ago after being found to have breast cancer. In court, Mr. Abdel Rahman maintained his innocence. At his January 1996 sentencing, he called the trial “an attack on the words of God” and said the United States, “an enemy of Islam,” was seeking to give him “a slow death. ”",0
7409,KASSAM: A Very Real War on Women Arrived in Manchester Last Night,"Teddy bears, tears, candles, cartoons, murals, mosaics, flowers, flags, projections, hashtags, balloons, wreaths, lights, vigils, scarves, and more. These are the best solutions the Western world seems to come up with every few months when we are slammed by another Islamist terrorist attack. We are our own sickness. [If the words above look familiar, it is because they are.  They are the same words I wrote on March 23rd, 2016, just over one year ago, after coordinated suicide bombing attacks in the   Union capital of Brussels, Belgium, which left 32 dead and 340 injured. Last night, another 22 people died, and at least another 60 have been injured at a former Disney star’s concert in Manchester, England. The targeting of an audience predominantly comprised of young girls should haunt even the most callous of cynics, and the most relativist of liberals. But it won’t. Already we have witnessed large news sites demanding Britain refuse to change its approach to terrorism and extremism. Just keep sucking it up. Keep watching your friends and family die. After all, according to London’s mayor, terrorism is “part and parcel” of everyday urban life, right? All of it, ultimately, is a distraction. I don’t know if it’s meant to be or not. But it is a massive distraction from the facts of this case. And the reality of European life today. Let’s take 2017 alone so far. Yesterday marked the 142nd day of 2017. There have been, this year, at least 15 attempted terrorist attacks on European, British, or West Russian soil, killing dozens, and injuring hundreds. That’s one attack attempted every 9 days in Europe. Think about that. ONE ATTACK EVERY NINE DAYS. In the meantime, the Independent website wants us to “carry on exactly as before”: There’s only one way Britain should respond to attacks such as Manchester. That is by carrying on exactly as before https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   The Independent (@Independent) May 23, 2017,  I suggest we don’t “carry on exactly as before”. In fact, I suggest we do away with the trite “Keep Calm and Carry On” mindset that has been adopted by hipsters and tourist tat sellers. Instead, I suggest we look back in history a little further, for how we deal with this scourge. St. Augustine of Hippo  —   not to be confused with the homonymous St. Augustine of Canterbury who brought Christianity to England  —   once said: “Hope has two beautiful daughters. Their names are anger and courage anger at the way things are, and courage to see that they do not remain the way they are. ” Don’t let anyone tell you now is not a time to get angry or change anything. Now is absolutely that time. #Manchester pic. twitter.   —   Raheem  (@RaheemKassam) May 23, 2017,  This is our new mantra. This is our new slogan. This is our new way of life.  For news sources like the Independent, the ostensible fight in defence of multiculturalism is even more important than the news story itself, let alone   positions. Over the past 16 hours, the Independent has published and promoted at least seven separate articles targeting the critics of mass migration or lax security. I cannot for one second imagine being that editor and having the callousness to shout across the newsroom: “Let’s hammer Nigel Farage for what he said on Fox!” while young girls are still bleeding in hospitals in England. I encourage you to read their article, by the way, and find anything wrong in what Mr. Farage told Tucker Carlson last night. This is their new normal. Terror attacks are now political footballs for the left, while they, without a scintilla of   or irony, accuse the right of using these events for partisan gain. How heartless does someone have to be otherwise, to tweet something like this? Here’s a small insight into the mind of the author of that tweet, David Leavitt, for context: The only thing more aggravating than the ending of #GirlsHBO is that we still have Donald Trump as president. #resist #impeachTrumpnow pic. twitter.   —   David Leavitt (@David_Leavitt) April 17, 2017,  We now know that girls as young as eight years old died in the terror attack in Manchester last night. We know in neighbouring communities, young girls were targeted, groomed, and raped by Pakistani, more often than not Muslim, men living in the United Kingdom. And while the political left hurls accusations of a “war on women” at the right, for refusing to accept taxpayer subsidy of contraception or abortion, the real war on women is taking place in British towns and cities, conducted by fellow travellers of the high chiefs of multiculturalism. We must protect our beautiful daughters with the beautiful daughters of St. Augustine: courage, and anger. Anyone who cannot agree to this basic statement should find no support in public life. Raheem Kassam is the Editor in Chief of Breitbart London and tweets at @RaheemKassam",0
7410,Terry McAuliffe: Alexandria Shooting Proves We Have ’Too Many Guns on the Street’ - Breitbart,"Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) responded to the news of the shooting in Alexandria by saying it proves we have “too many guns on the street. ”[Breitbart News reported that at least four people were injured when a gunman opened fire on House and Senate members at a baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, Wednesday morning.  Former New York Times assistant managing editor Jim Roberts quoted McAuliffe as saying: “There are too many guns on the street  …    we worry about this every day for all of our citizens,” and BuzzFeed DC editor Sarah Mimms tweeted: VA Gov. McAuliffe: ”We lose 93  …     people per day due to gun violence,” mentions background checks, gun show loophole.  —   Sarah Mimms (@SarahMMimms) June 14, 2017,  The “93 people” a day claim is a talking point shared by gun control proponents throughout the U. S. Everytown for Gun Safety, Moms Demand Action, Hillary Clinton, and similar groups and individuals have been making for years. They repeatedly state more than 90 people are killed by “gun violence” in America every day. But in reality, the number of people killed annually by homicidal firearm use is about a third of that figure. Individuals like McAuliffe swell the number of deaths via “gun violence” by adding   suicides to homicides, more than doubling the number of people who are actually murdered with a firearm. Interestingly enough, Mimms reported that McAuliffe first said “93 million people [are killed] per day,” but he corrected that statement. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
7411,Two People Die after Eating Raw-Milk Cheese Made in New York State - The New York Times,"Two people have died following an outbreak of listeria linked to a popular artisanal raw milk cheese made in upstate New York, the authorities said this week. The deaths occurred in Vermont and Connecticut, local officials said. Four other people in New York and Florida reported feeling sick after eating Ouleout, the artisanal cheese, which is produced by Vulto Creamery in Walton. Illnesses started on dates from Sept. 1 of last year to Jan. 22, the Food and Drug Administration said. All six people were hospitalized and two people died. Ouleout has been celebrated across the United States as much for its unusual back story as for its flavor: It was created by Jos Vulto, a Dutch artist linked to the Museum of Modern Art, who started making cheese in his apartment and aging it under a sidewalk in Brooklyn. Vulto Creamery, which produces Ouleout, said it was recalling the product, and, as a precautionary measure, three other soft     cheeses: Miranda, Heinennellie, and Willowemoc. “We are very busy working on this recall with F. D. A. and our customers,” the creamery said in an email without offering details on the cause of the outbreak. Listeria monocytogenes is a health risk often connected to unpasteurized dairy products. It can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, pregnant women and the elderly, the Public Health Department in Connecticut said. “Although healthy individuals may suffer only   symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria infection can cause miscarriages, stillbirths and fetal infection among pregnant women,” a statement said. Vulto Creamery began contacting clients on March 3, asking them to return purchases of Ouleout after being informed of a listeria strain in a sample, the health department said. It issued a recall on March 7 and extended it to the three other brands. The deaths highlighted concerns over safety regulations around artisanal cheese production in the United States, particularly around the   cheese segment, which   only about a decade ago, experts say. The outbreak has also revived a continuing debate between the virtues of   cheese, which aficionados say tastes better, and safety. Some customers swear only by   cheese. Europeans have eaten   cheese for hundreds of years. In France, for example, 15 percent of its cheese is made of unpasteurized milk, according to French agricultural statistics. The thinking is that when milk is cooked, or pasteurized, many of the   enzymes are destroyed. Ouleout, a soft   cheese that is aged for 60 days, “requires real craftsmanship” because it needs to retain a good amount of moisture even as it matures, said Carlos Yescas, program director at Oldways Cheese Coalition, a nonprofit organization that promotes artisanal cheese making. “Otherwise, the cheese will dry out really quickly. ”   cheese is made by washing and curing the cheese in beer and other solutions, helping create its pungent flavor. More than half of artisanal cheese produced in the United States is made of unpasteurized milk, Mr. Yescas said, adding that there are a number of ways in which the cheese could be contaminated. Listeria, he said, could originate from the wood boards used to age the cheese, the water supply or improper sanitation, like walking in dirty boots. “It’s hard to pinpoint,” Mr. Yescas said. In the United States, regulations on   cheese are less stringent than in Europe, where more steps are required to ensure that there is no contamination, he said. Here, there is only a single national standard for   cheese production, Mr. Yescas said, which requires that the cheese be aged for at least 60 days to block E. coli from developing. “We need to take a look again at the   rule and have a consensus with the scientific community, regulators and cheese producers,” Mr. Yescas said. Ouleout was an instant hit when it came out a few years ago. Mr. Vulto quickly earned a reputation among cheese lovers as an urban cheese maker “extraordinaire. ” Mr. Vulto came to the United States from the Netherlands in 1990, according to several media outlets specializing in cheese. He spent two years as an    at P. S. 1 in Queens, a contemporary art institution affiliated with the Museum of Modern Art in New York. He specialized in crafting abstract installations made of metal. His specialty involved “wrapping empty buildings in cloth and building contained fires of sawdust and hay inside,” according to Culture Cheese Mag. When the building started to emit smoke, the cloth absorbed an imprint of the building. Mr. Vulto called the technique “rooking,” a play on the Dutch word for smoke. In 2008, Mr. Vulto switched to cheese making, reportedly inspired by the stink caused by a carton of soured milk in his refrigerator. He began creating rudimentary cheese in his apartment, and gradually mastered the art by making and remaking new batches and studying techniques. To store and age the cheese, Mr. Vulto used a “crawlspace in the floor of his Williamsburg studio, which opened up under the sidewalk,” wrote Geoffrey Gray, a food writer. It was “too small for a person but the conditions were just right for aging cheese. ” Mr. Vulto eventually moved to Walton, near the Catskills, where he opened his cheese production facility.",0
7412,Pelosi Calls on Speaker Ryan to Reconvene Congress for Syria Debate - Breitbart,"Nancy Pelosi ( ) on Friday called on Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) to reconvene the   Congress for debate on the United States’ Thursday night airstrikes on a Syrian military airbase. [Shortly after Thursday night’s   strike, President Donald Trump read a statement which proclaimed that he ordered the attack in response to Syrian President Bashar   launching chemical attacks on innocent Syrian civilians on Tuesday.  Early Friday morning Pelosi tweeted out a letter to Speaker Ryan in which she writes, “I am writing to request that you call the House back in session immediately to debate any decision to place our men and women in uniform in harm’s way. ” The letter continues: Bashar  ’s chemical weapons attack on his own people places him outside the circle of civilized human behavior. Assad also continues to attack his own people with conventional weapons. Meanwhile, Russia props up the Assad regime and enables its brutal war crimes to continue. The President’s action and any response demands that we immediately do our duty. Congress must live up to its Constitutional responsibility to debate an Authorization of the Use of Military Force against a sovereign nation. As heartbreaking as Assad’s chemical weapons attacks on his own people was, the crisis in Syria will not be resolved by one night of airstrikes. The killing will not stop without a comprehensive political solution to end the violence. The American people are owed a comprehensive strategy with clear objectives to keep our brave men and women in uniform safe and avoid collateral damage to innocent civilians in Syria. Directly following the U. S. airstrikes, Pelosi responded with condemnation of the Syrian government’s chemical and other attacks on its own people. She stated, in part, “Tonight’s strike in Syria appears to be a proportional response to the regime’s use of chemical weapons. If the President intends to escalate the U. S. military’s involvement in Syria, he must to come to Congress for an Authorization for Use of Military Force which is tailored to meet the threat and prevent another   war in the Middle East. ” Overall reaction to the U. S. strikes has been mixed on both sides of the aisle. Republican Sen. Rand Paul has condemned the attacks as “illegal” and “unconstitutional. ” Sen. Ted Cruz has expressed great anticipation to hear Trump make the case for military action in Syria and said he is “encouraged” by the Trump Administration’s foreign policy. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called the strikes “the right thing to do. ” Democrat Rep. Tulsi Gabbard said, “It angers and saddens me that President Trump has taken the advice of war hawks and escalated our illegal regime change war to overthrow the Syrian government. ” Congress recessed on Thursday for a   Easter break. Pelosi is calling on Ryan to call members right back. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
7413,20 Wines for Under $20: The Spring Edition - The New York Times,"Few things are more important to wine drinkers than value, but value can mean different things to different people. In March I wrote a profile of Eli Zabar, the New York food merchant whose restaurant is offering great values on    wines. I cited some examples like a 2004 Muscadet and a 2007 Touraine red, each for $60, as well as a 1995 Castell’in Villa Chianti Classico Riserva for $250 and a 1995 Hubert de Montille Pommard 1er Cru Rugiens for $295. The social media firestorm began almost immediately. “The wine prices are completely ridiculous,” one reader wrote. “$60 for a Muscadet? That’s a $10 bottle in France, as is any Touraine red. $250 for a Chianti? Please tell me it’s a misprint. No Italian would ever believe it. ” Some people are wed to a utilitarian notion of wine. It’s liquid, it has alcohol and the rest is marketing and gullibility. Others may see a vast chasm between a   bottle of Muscadet from the latest vintage (not even $10!) and a great    bottle from a master craftsman. The opportunity to appreciate its complexities and nuances might intrigue them enough to consider $60 well spent. But few places offer such an opportunity for value. A wine lover willing to spend $300 to savor a   Burgundy from a great producer will have to search long and hard, though any number of restaurants would willingly sell him the chance for $700. Value is not simply a synonym for inexpensive. It ought to mean that the amount of pleasure is beyond the norm for the price you paid. Great value can be had at $5 or at $500, though either is rare. By far, the greatest opportunity to find wine values is in the range of $15 to $25. Here, the qualities of conscientious agriculture, cultural tradition, craftsmanship, distinctiveness and deliciousness converge at prices that make these bottles worth seeking out. If you love them, they are well worth it. If you don’t, the exploration will have come at not too high a cost. Here, then, are 20 bottles I bought in New York for $20 or less. They are not the only examples by far. I could have bought many different bottles. Nobody will be able to find all of these, but if you have access to a good wine shop, you will discover your own treasures. I chose these with a mind to the season. They are generally   to   wines with an eye to freshness. Wine’s first duty is to refresh. In the added dimensions lies the value. Monastero Suore Cistercensi Lazio Bianco Coenobium 2014, $19. 99 This is a rare Lazio white with great character, a blend of trebbiano, malvasia and verdicchio. The grapes are grown by Cistercian nuns just north of Rome and made into wine under the supervision of Giampiero Bea of the great Umbrian producer Paolo Bea. It’s redolent of apples, herbs, citrus and volcanic soils, and has just the slightest pleasant tannic rasp, courtesy of    maceration with the grape skins. (Rosenthal Wine Merchant, New York) Ronchi di Cialla Colli Orientali del Friuli Ribolla Gialla 2014, $19. 99 Ribolla gialla is one of the indigenous grapes of the   Giulia region in northeastern Italy. This is a straightforward version compared with some of the vanguard wines made in the region, but it’s delicious, with flavors of nuts, flowers and tropical citrus fruits along with mineral undertones. (Soilair Selection, New York) Ravines Finger Lakes Dry Riesling 2014, $17. 99 Riesling has been a great success story in the Finger Lakes, and though it’s not the only winner in the region, it’s been by far the dominant grape there. Year in and year out, Ravines’s riesling has been one of my favorites. It’s absolutely refreshing, with earthy, citrus and wet stone flavors. If you like this, try the Ravines Argetsinger Vineyard riesling, a firmer, deeper   version. Domaine Michel Brégeon par Frédéric Lailler Muscadet Sèvre et Maine Sur Lie 2013, $17. 99 Muscadet is perennially a great value, especially from Brégeon, an    producer that always makes some of the more interesting wines in the region. This is characteristically fresh and tangy, with flavors of citrus, herbs and chamomile and a grainy, minerally depth that comes from aging on the lees, the remnants of yeast after fermentation. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, Berkeley, Calif.) Guímaro Ribeira Sacra Blanco 2014, $19. 99 Ribeira Sacra in the eastern Galicia region of Spain, where the vineyards rise at harrowing angles from the rivers, is best known for its reds made from the mencía grape. But the whites, like this one from Guímaro, made with godello, can be superb. This is refreshing, harmonious and a touch exotic, with flavors of citrus, flowers, herbs and stone fruits. (José Pastor    Gourmet, Richmond, Calif.)   Litaud Domaine des Vieilles Pierres St.  Les Pommards 2014, $19. 99 Must one always have chardonnay? Absolutely, if it is as good as this St.  often a source of exceptional values. Though it was aged in steel tanks, it has the rich texture that usually comes from   with great depth and presence, and lingering flavors of citrus, yeast, flowers and minerals. (  de   of the Vines, Long Island City, N. Y.) Ponce Manchuela Reto 2014, $19. 99 I’ve written before about the 2012 Ponce Reto, which was richer and juicier than the 2014, which is a bit subtler. Nonetheless, it is a distinctive wine, made entirely from the albillo grape, which I’ve never seen outside the Manchuela region of   Spain. It’s fresh, floral and herbal, another option in the array of dry, crisp whites. (T. Edward Wines, New York) Edmunds St. John El Dorado County Witters Vineyard   Rosé Gamay Noir 2015, $19. 99 The wine stores tell us it’s rosé season (though in my opinion, it’s never not rosé season). Here is an old favorite, which year after year offers the vivacity characteristic of a good young rosé. It’s made entirely of gamay noir, the grape of Beaujolais (hence the somewhat awkward name  ) and it’s exactly what you want on those first few days out on the deck, the balcony or wherever you can grab space in the open air. Bodega Chacra Patagonia Mainqué Pinot Noir Rosé 2015, $18. 99 Of course they make rosé in Argentina. The Mainqué comes from Bodega Chacra in Patagonia, an    producer of superb pinot noirs. This is made of pinot noir, too. It’s fresh and crisp, with a little more body than the   yet earthy, tangy and succulent. (Grand Cru Selections, New York) Carl Loewen Mosel Riesling Kabinett Longuicher Herrenberg 2014, $19. 99 I yearn for kabinett rieslings in the springtime. Something about their lightly sweet, delicate nature captures the newborn hope of the season. This is a lovely example, lively with acidity, redolent of herbs and stone aromas, deceptively substantial though nonetheless fine. (A Terry Theise Estate   Wines, New York)   Nahe Riesling Kabinett Münsterer Rheinberg 2014, $18. 99 Here’s another kabinett option. It’s fascinating to compare this   from Nahe side by side with the Loewen from the Mosel. It’s a little bigger boned, a little weightier, and slightly more obviously sweeter. Yet it’s still beautifully balanced, with apple and stone flavors, refreshing and great with river fish. (A Terry Theise Estate   Wines, New York)   Burgaud Morgon Les Charmes 2014, $19. 99 With so many good wines and great values coming from the crus of Beaujolais, it would be a shame not to include at least one here. This Burgaud Morgon was not in our recent wine panel tasting, but it could easily have been included, with its earthy, stony, focused red fruit flavors. It’s almost as if you can taste the granite of the vineyard underlying the wine. (Maximum Wine, Englishtown, N. J.) Domaine Zafeirakis Tyrnavos Limniona 2012, $18. 99 This wine is a new one for me, and am I glad I found it. It’s made of limniona, an indigenous Greek grape that had nearly disappeared until it was resurrected virtually   by Christos Zafeirakis in the last 15 years or so. This one comes from Tyrnavos in the Thessaly region of central Greece. It’s fresh, lively and absolutely delicious, full of the spicy flavors of dark fruits. It cries out for grilled meats. (Dionysi Grevenitis   Wildman  Sons, New York) Rovellotti Colline Novaresi Vespolina Ronco al Maso 2013, $19. 99 The nebbiolo grape thrives throughout the Langhe and Alto Piemonte regions of northwestern Italy. It is so successful that it overshadows a cast of supporting grapes that can be delicious on their own and great values, like vespolina from Colline Novaresi. It offers fresh flavors of raspberries and cranberries, and, like many of those supporting grapes, carries a hint of nebbiolo in its darker, slightly tarlike undertones. (Rosenthal Wine Merchant, New York) Montinore Estate Willamette Valley Pinot Noir 2014, $19. 99 Another perennial favorite and great value. This pinot noir from Montinore is grown biodynamically. Its dark, earthy fruit flavors are interlaced with savory, meaty herbal tones that make it versatile with many foods and give it a complexity that belies its modest price. Frecciarossa Uva Rara I. G. T. 2012, $19. 99 The Uva Rara grape comes from Pavia in Lombardy. Despite its name, it’s relatively common in that area. (In the essential reference “Wine Grapes,” it’s speculated that “rara” refers to the sparse number of grapes in a bunch.) Whatever the derivation, this wine is deeply fragrant, smelling like candied flower petals. On the palate it’s fresh, with a sort of herbal bitterness that’s actually quite appealing and sets you up for the next sip. (Vignaioli Selection, New York) Burlotto Barbera d’Alba 2014, $19. 99 This is how I remember Barbera d’Alba back when I was becoming obsessed with wine in the early 1980s: fresh, fruity, lively with acidity, and with hardly any tannin. Many modern barberas are aged in new oak barrels, and some are compelling in their own way. But I have a sentimental attachment to the brisk, direct older style, especially when it comes from a careful, traditional producer like Burlotto. (Bacchanal Wine Imports, Port Chester, N. Y.) Señorío de P. Peciña Rioja Crianza 2010, $19. 99 This crianza Rioja is a perfect example of the synergy that can be achieved between the tempranillo grape (with a dash or two of graciano and garnacha) and the spicy coconut flavors of American oak barrels. The result, particularly with a few years of age, is this mellow yet complex wine, with the earthy flavors of red raspberries, vanilla, coconut and tobacco. Just the thing for leg of lamb. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N. Y.) Bernabeleva Vinos de Madrid Navaherreros Garnacha 2013, $18. 99 This is a powerful wine at 15 percent alcohol, yet despite its size it is vividly fruity, explosively floral, spicy and beautifully balanced. It is intense and concentrated yet is not heavy. It’s the bigger, stronger sibling of the Bernabeleva Camino de Navaherreros, which I wrote about last fall. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N. Y.) François Chidaine Vouvray Brut Pétillant NV, $18. 99 This sparkling Vouvray is simply superb. It’s made entirely of chenin blanc and wears its chenin personality of honey, lemon, flowers and yeast, with all the finesse of a good Champagne. The French bureaucracy is making it difficult for producers in neighboring areas of Vouvray to use the Vouvray appellation, even if the grapes are from Vouvray. Because Chidaine is based in Montlouis, this might be the last Chidaine sparkler called Vouvray until the silly ruling is resolved. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N. Y.)",0
7414,6 Corporations Control 90 Percent Of American Media,"By True Activist The majority of America’s mainline media is owned and controlled by a mere 6 corporations, but few in the U.S. are aware of this… Unless you go out of your way to seek truthful news... ",0
7415,Trump Budget Defunds Planned Parenthood - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   The Trump Administration fiscal year 2018 budget set to be released on Tuesday factors in the defunding of Planned Parenthood, assuming the   American Health Care Act passes into law. [Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney was asked at a Monday press briefing if the new budget defunds abortion provider Planned Parenthood. He replied, “yes,” but added that it does “because it assumes the American Health Care Act passes and the AHCA in its current form, which is the one we assumed  —   and that’s making a bunch of assumptions, here  —   that it assumes that passes and that defunds Planned Parenthood. ”  The new budget entitled, “A New Foundation for American Greatness” will be posted to the OMB website at 11:00 a. m. on Tuesday morning. Mulvaney told reporters at the Monday briefing that the budget focuses in on more money for defense, border security, law enforcement, veterans, and school choice. The AHCA struggled to pass the House and faces an uphill battle to passage in the Senate. Asked during the Monday briefing about changes to Medicaid, Mulvaney said, “We assume the Affordable Health Care Act that passed out of the House passes. That has some Medicaid changes into it. We wrap that into our budget proposals. We go another half a step further and ratchet down some of the growth rates that are assumed in the AHCA. ” Defunding of Planned Parenthood was a provision of the AHCA that President Donald Trump used to put pressure on the conservative House Freedom Caucus to vote for passage of the bill. The Director said that the budget balances in 10 years and funds the President’s priorities. Mulvaney will deliver the budget to the Hill on Tuesday and will testify before the House Budget Committee on Wednesday and the Senate Budget Committee on Thursday. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
7416,Supreme Court Rules Iran Bank Must Pay for Terrorist Attacks - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Iran’s central bank must pay nearly $2 billion to victims of terrorist attacks, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday. In a    decision, the court said Congress had not exceeded its constitutional role in enacting a statute to make it easier for the plaintiffs to recover damages that had been awarded to them in a series of lawsuits. The cases were brought by the families of Americans killed in terrorist attacks found to have been sponsored by Iran, including relatives of those who died in the 1983 Marine Corps barracks bombing in Lebanon. That attack killed 241 servicemen. The plaintiffs sought to collect frozen funds from Bank Markazi, Iran’s central bank, relying on a 2012 federal law, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, that made the task easier by specifying assets of the bank that could satisfy the plaintiffs’ judgments. The law was quite specific, naming a single, pending consolidated case by caption and docket number. As a trial judge put it, the law “sweeps away” any “federal or state law impediments that might otherwise exist” to letting the plaintiffs obtain the money. The bank responded that the law violated the Constitution because it was focused on a single case and compelled courts “to reach a predetermined result. ” Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg rejected the argument, saying Congress has the power to alter legal standards in existing cases. In dissent, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said, “There has never been anything like” the 2012 law. “Hereafter,” he wrote, “with this court’s seal of approval, Congress can unabashedly pick the winners and losers in particular pending cases. ” But Justice Ginsburg said the law was fairly routine, listing earlier ones that applied to given railroads, a single bridge, a specific settlement agreement and one oil tanker. “Congress may indeed direct courts to apply newly enacted,   legislation in pending civil cases,” she wrote, adding that “a statute does not impinge on judicial power when it directs courts to apply a new legal standard to undisputed facts. ” The 2012 law, she wrote, “provides a new standard clarifying that, if Iran owns certain assets, the victims of   terrorist attacks will be permitted to execute against those assets. ” “Applying laws implementing Congress’ policy judgments, with fidelity to those judgments, is commonplace for the judiciary,” Justice Ginsburg wrote. In any event, Justice Ginsburg wrote, the 2012 law still left courts with work to do, as it did not define key terms. Courts were required to sort out questions over the ownership and location of assets, she added. The decision, in Bank Markazi v. Peterson, No.   came as the United States and Iran have taken steps to ease tensions. Justice Ginsburg said the court should be wary of intruding on judgments made by Congress and the president in the conduct of foreign affairs. “Congress passed, and the president signed” the 2012 law, Justice Ginsburg wrote, “in furtherance of their stance on a matter of foreign policy. Action in that realm warrants respectful review by courts. ” The Obama administration supported the plaintiffs in the Supreme Court. When the case was argued in January, a lawyer for the administration drew a distinction between laws intended solely to pick a winner in a pending case and ones that changed the applicable law, even if only for a pending case. Chief Justice Roberts said that was a distinction without a difference. “You’re saying Congress has to be cute about it,” he said. Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Stephen G. Breyer, Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Elena Kagan joined all of Justice Ginsburg’s opinion. Justice Clarence Thomas joined most of it, but he noted without explanation that he did not accept the part of the opinion concerning the deference due the other branches in matters of foreign affairs. In dissent, Chief Justice Roberts, joined by Justice Sonia Sotomayor, said the majority had yielded too much power to Congress. “No less than if it had passed a law saying ‘respondents win,’” the chief justice wrote, “Congress has decided this case by enacting a bespoke statute tailored to this case that resolves the parties’ specific legal disputes to guarantee respondents victory. ” The 2012 law, he wrote, allowed Congress to assume a role that the Constitution had committed to the judiciary, “changing the law  —   for these proceedings alone  —   simply to guarantee that respondents win. ” “At issue here is a basic principle, not a technical rule,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote, one that he said, quoting a 1988 dissent from Justice Antonin Scalia, may “effect important change in the equilibrium of power. ”",0
7417,Venture Communism: How China Is Building a Start-Up Boom - The New York Times,"HANGZHOU, China  —   In Dream Town, a collection of boxy office buildings on the gritty edge of this historic city, one tiny company is developing a portable   printer. Another takes orders for traditional Chinese massages by smartphone. They are just two of the 710   being nurtured here. Anywhere else, an incubator like Dream Town would be a vision of venture capitalists, angel investors or technology stalwarts. But this is China. The Chinese Communist Party doesn’t trust the invisible hand of capitalism alone to encourage entrepreneurship, especially since it is a big part of the leadership’s strategy to reshape the sagging economy. Which is why the government of Hangzhou  —   a former royal capital that has been a major commercial hub for more than a millennium  —   built Dream Town and lavishes resources on  . The businesses here get a slate of benefits like subsidized rent, cash handouts and special training, all courtesy of the city. Chemayi, which offers car repair services through a smartphone app, is staying   at Dream Town for three years and is applying for as much as $450, 000 in subsidies from city authorities to help pay salaries and buy equipment. “From the central government all the way down to local governments, we have seen a lot of warm support,” said Li Liheng,   and chief executive of Chemayi. For much of China’s long economic boom, young people flocked to manufacturing zones for jobs making bluejeans or iPhones. But today China is trying to move beyond just being the world’s factory floor. Policy makers want the next generation to find   work in modern offices, creating the ideas, technologies and jobs to feed the country’s future growth. Premier Li Keqiang frequently calls for “mass entrepreneurship. ” In March at the National People’s Congress, he bragged that 12, 000 new companies were founded each day in 2015. The entrepreneurial embrace comes with lots of financial support. Across the country, officials are creating investment funds, providing cash subsidies and building incubators. “Without these kinds of subsidies, you only rely on private money, and you wouldn’t see so many technology   happening today,” said Ning Tao, a partner at Innovation Works, a venture capital fund in Beijing. “Without quantity, you cannot have quality. ” But the heavy spending is adding to worries about an inflating bubble in the world of China’s tiniest companies. Along with the government funds, venture capital money is flooding the country. About $49 billion in deals were made last year, making China second only to the United States, according to the accounting firm Ernst  Young. Some economists and entrepreneurs are concerned that the government is helping fuel a frenzy that might ultimately result in failed businesses, wasted resources and financial losses. Just one city, Suzhou, near Shanghai, has announced it will open 300 incubators by 2020 to house 30, 000  . Beijing’s policy makers have a long history of giving favored companies easy access to loans and subsidies to propel certain industries, with both good and bad consequences. Though that tactic lubricated the nation’s industrialization, it also contributed to the excess that has buried the country in empty apartment blocks, mothballed cement plants and sputtering steel mills  —   all of which threaten the economy’s stability. “I think the subsidies shouldn’t be a   policy,” Jin Xiangrong, an economist at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, said of the   support programs. “They can lead to overcapacity like the kind we see now in China’s manufacturing sector, which is largely a result of government support. ” Hangzhou city officials turned down requests for interviews. At Dream Town, Mr. Li, 39, frets more about his own business. He got the initial idea for Chemayi in 2009 after a car accident. To find a trustworthy mechanic, he searched online, asked friends for advice and visited repair shops. But Mr. Li found it difficult to judge who was reliable. A car culture  —   and all the services that come with it  —   is relatively new in China. Aiming to fill the information void, he and three friends set up Chemayi in 2013 with 5 million renminbi (currently $750, 000) of their own money. For an annual fee, Chemayi sends out staff members to help fix flat tires, paint scratches or repair   engines. “Henry Ford is gone for so many years, but we are still driving his cars,” Mr. Li said. “I felt that I also must pursue a cause that will persist after I’m gone. ” Chemayi beat out more than two dozen other   for a coveted space in Dream Town in a 2014 competition. Another   Ouyang Feng, delivered a   presentation to a panel of judges who peppered him with questions about Chemayi’s business model and future prospects. The provincial governor watched over the grilling. In the end, the committee awarded Chemayi a   golden key that symbolically opened the doors to Dream Town. Chemayi now has 284 employees in four cities, with plans to reach 1, 000 by the end of the year. Mr. Li said his company had raised $22 million in private money and turned a profit of about 10 million renminbi last year. “A lot of Chinese people want to be successful. They want to initiate change through innovation,” Mr. Li said in his spacious corner office, while fussing with a traditional Chinese wooden   set. “That is a formidable power. ” Hangzhou is a natural center for China’s   fever. After China embraced capitalist reform in the 1980s, Zhejiang province, of which Hangzhou is the capital, emerged as a leading base for the export industries that fueled the country’s rapid growth. Factories pumped out products like socks and plastic Christmas trees. Now that zeal for commerce is being channeled into technology  . Hangzhou is home to China’s most famous internet company, the   giant Alibaba, which has become a training ground for   entrepreneurs. The neighborhoods near Alibaba’s sprawling campus, once a poorly developed area on the city’s outskirts, now make up a budding tech center with newly built office parks like Dream Town, dominated by ambitious college graduates, angel investors and venture capitalists. The local restaurants have become hangouts to exchange ideas and gossip over fried squid and stewed pork and eggs. Feng Xiao is typical of this new breed. Mr. Feng, 39 and a Hangzhou native, spent 11 years at Alibaba, mainly in sales and marketing. “There is a Chinese proverb, ‘The soil is too rich,’” Mr. Feng said. Alibaba “offered you a lot of opportunities. It was easy to have a sense of success. But I wanted to be able to start from scratch. ” His   was born in Alibaba’s cafeteria, where he ate meal after meal. “I really missed Mom’s cooking,” he said. He figured that many other people, trapped working for long hours far from home, felt the same. Mr. Feng and two other Alibaba employees left their jobs in 2014 and opened a food delivery service, Mishi. Their plan was to connect people willing to prepare homemade meals with    professionals who were too busy to cook. They set up shop in a friend’s empty house, decorated with secondhand furniture and photos from home. Along with raising $19 million from private investors, Mishi caught the eye of the Hangzhou city government. In 2014, district officials awarded Mishi 5 million renminbi to help pay the bills. Its rent in a Hangzhou office park is also subsidized. “The most important thing on the part of the government is whether they are open” to new types of businesses, Mr. Feng said. “We are glad to see they are aggressively supporting us. ” Hangzhou represents what Chinese leaders see as the nation’s economic future. The country used to generate astronomical growth rates by depending heavily on   exports and extremely high investment in apartment towers, factories and highways. China built so many steel mills that it can produce 10 times as much steel as the United States. But today, costs are rising, eating away at the competitiveness of many export industries. The long investment boom has saddled the economy with too many factories and a mountain of debt. Instead, policy makers are encouraging a shift to new growth engines, like services and high tech. The entrepreneurial focus is providing an economic boost for Hangzhou. The city’s gross domestic product rose 10. 2 percent in 2015, compared with the 6. 9 percent national growth rate. Hangzhou’s service sector, which includes many   was the main engine of that strong performance, surging 14. 6 percent. “The Chinese know that   enterprises are not going to employ everybody,” said Hans Tung, a managing partner at GGV Capital, a venture capital firm that operates in both Silicon Valley and China. “They need young people to create jobs for themselves, so they are encouraging them to try something new. ” Mishi, the food delivery   has created 100   jobs, and has bolstered the incomes of more than 10, 000 home chefs. Cai Liangen, a retired businessman turned Mishi cook, learned about the   when a marketing team visited his apartment complex seeking to enlist new chefs. Last November, he and his wife began making local specialties in their kitchen, including a sliced pork dish prepared with “my mother’s secret recipe,” Mr. Cai said. They now receive 40 orders a day and earn 5, 000 renminbi a month, increasing their total income 70 percent. “We do it because we love to cook,” Mr. Cai said, “but the money is good to have, too. ” After submitting a   proposal in 2014 to join a Hangzhou incubator, Ai Binke sat nervously before a committee of tech industry executives who questioned his future prospects. His software company, Yun Ran Internet of Things, had only four employees, and its business deals had been small. But his   Mr. Ai explained to the committee, had great potential. That was sufficient for the judges to award him 100, 000 renminbi in subsidies. The bulk, roughly 70 percent, was instantly transferred into his corporate bank account. “As long as you run projects that are encouraged by the Hangzhou government, you can get the subsidies,” said Mr. Ai, 29. “It’s not very difficult. ” Local governments around China are spending heavily on  . In Shenzhen, authorities are offering to subsidize up to 70 percent of rent for “creative”  . Local officials in the southwestern metropolis of Chengdu are setting up a 200 million renminbi “entrepreneurship and innovation development fund” and promising subsidies of up to 5 million renminbi. Officials in Guangdong province in China’s south will cover part of a  ’s losses. Even the   city of Yingtan, in an area of Jiangxi province mainly known for its ancient Taoist temples, is planning to build an incubator. Hangzhou’s government has been one of the more active. Officials are forming a venture capital fund of 4. 7 billion renminbi  with contributions from companies, according to the city’s website. This year, Hangzhou announced that it would give 100 million renminbi annually to help   pay expenses. But governments historically have a spotty record of using   money to generate business success stories. During Japan’s   decades, its bureaucrats tried to “pick winners” by selecting certain industries for support. Though they nurtured a few internationally competitive industries (shipbuilding and steel) they also had significant failures (chemicals and computer software). The Obama administration got a black eye for its financial aid to the solar technology firm Solyndra, which sank into bankruptcy. In China, government efforts to assist new businesses have often led to waste and excess. Too much investment pours into favored industries, spawning poorly conceived projects in areas like hotels and solar panels. By trying to spur   the state is also engaging in a   business that even for the most experienced venture capitalist is prone to produce more failures than successes. Hangzhou officials are trying to avoid such pitfalls. At Dream Town, the financial aid is often linked to a  ’s performance. The amount of free rent depends on how much private capital a company can raise. Cash handouts are tied to revenue targets or   apps. Government officials also enlist professionals to help allocate the city’s money. The committee that judges applicants to Dream Town is usually made up of tech executives, financiers and academics. Ye Feng, a manager at another incubator who has sat as a judge on three occasions, said she quizzed the contenders on their technology, business plan and even product pricing. Usually about 30   appear at each competition. No more than four make the cut to enter Dream Town. “The competition is quite fierce,” Ms. Ye said. “Sometimes it’s hard to make a decision. ” But some in Hangzhou fear that the government is doling out too much money, and it is flowing to   with weak business plans and feeble prospects. Mr. Ai of Yun Ran said that two neighbors also received city subsidies. One, a robotics   failed to attract private capital and closed, while the other, a mobile game company, is struggling to stay afloat as its business withers. The government money, Mr. Ai said, often cannot replace the private capital necessary for  . “Without financing, it would be very hard for them to survive,” he said.",0
7418,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Wikileaks Exposes Hillary’s Campaign “Remain Close” with Convicted Serial Child Molester – TruthFeed,"BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Wikileaks Exposes Hillary’s Campaign “Remain Close” with Convicted Serial Child Molester BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Wikileaks Exposes Hillary’s Campaign “Remain Close” with Convicted Serial Child Molester Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
We’ve learned a great deal from the Wikileaks Podesta emails. 
From pay to play scams run by the Hillary to vile, nasty name-calling by the campaign chiefs to macabre occult “spirit cooking” ceremonies and the ongoing attempts to hide Hillary’s emails from FBI investigators and the public. 
Now, we’re finding out a VERY DISTURBING fact. 
John Podesta, Hillary’s CAMPAIGN CHAIR has CLOSE family ties to CONVICTED SERIAL CHILD MOLESTER Denny Hastert . 
From Wikipedia… 
In the email below, Podesta’s brother mentions Denny, saying he’s remained “CLOSE” to him. 
Denny Hastert was a wrestling coach, and he molested the boys on his team and then paid “hush money” to cover it up. 
These are the people who the Hillary campaign, and their family members call friends and keep in “close touch with.” 
It’s disgusting. 
This is why the word is out that the FBI and NYPD are absolutely disgusted by the content of the new Clinton emails being investigated which may involve child sex trafficking. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
7419,"Donald Trump Talks at Debate, but Many Women Hear Only a 2005 Tape - The New York Times","It was Donald J. Trump’s chance to sound contrite and mature, to explain away the sexually predatory boasts he was caught making on tape and to persuade Americans that  —   for all his   braggadocio  —   he was, in fact, capable of feeling shame. Maura Cotter, 22, a senior at the University of Notre Dame, was shocked at what Mr. Trump did instead in Sunday’s debate: repeat, over and over, that what he had said on the 2005 recording, about forcing himself on women and grabbing their genitals, was simply “  banter. ” It was, Ms. Cotter said, “not an apology  —   no reason to believe he’s changed at all. ” A classmate, Abigail Wilson, who is a registered Republican, listened closely to Mr. Trump and was reminded, she said, of the time she was groped by a stranger. The Republican nominee, she said soberly, “may not have physically harmed anyone with his words, but he has the power to do so by example. ” Whether they love Mr. Trump or loathe him, many female voters interviewed across the country seemed to watch Sunday’s historically nasty debate through the same inescapable prism: a raunchy   recording in which Mr. Trump told of kissing and touching women however he pleased. “When you’re a star, they let you do it,” he said, loud and clear, on the tape. That is Mr. Trump’s new, agonizing and   reality: He may have uttered words about unfair trade deals or threats to national security, but what these voters heard instead was his voice on that searing recording, casually and excitedly explaining that he could sexually assault strangers with impunity. Some said they were so upset by what they had seen  —   over and over  —   that they could barely bring themselves to turn on the television and watch him in the debate. Others dismissed the tape as entirely beside the point, a   distraction with no bearing on the presidency. “We’re all human,” said Gayle Mason, 73, a retired kindergarten teacher and a Republican in West Covina, Calif. who watched the debate on Fox News over iced tea. “When he becomes president, you’re not going to see stuff like that. ” But on this, the voters interviewed all agreed: The sound of Mr. Trump at his most obscene lingered over Sunday night’s confrontation like an unbudging cloud. Several voters tuned in for the sole purpose of watching Mr. Trump explain his lasciviousness aboard the “Access Hollywood” bus. Joey Elliott, 63, who lives in South Bend, Ind. said she wanted “to see how he tries to squirm out of it. ” From the debate’s opening moments, Mrs. Clinton grabbed hold of the recording and turned it into a rhetorical battering ram. In a measured but firm tone, she seized on Mr. Trump’s claim that the tape did not really represent who he was. “I think it’s clear to anyone who heard it,” she said. “It represents exactly who he is. ” It was a striking and singular tableau: a male candidate for president being asked, by the first woman to share such a stage, to defend crude comments in which he had seemed to reduce her gender to its anatomy. Despite his best efforts, Mr. Trump could not quickly put the issue to rest. A moderator, Anderson Cooper, pressed him about the tape four times, wondering if Mr. Trump understood the gravity of what he had said, and whether he had ever carried out the lewd actions he had described. No, Mr. Trump said. Eventually, the debate moved on. After saying he was sorry but doing little to demonstrate remorse, Mr. Trump instead sought to turn the ugliest phase of his campaign into an attack on Bill Clinton’s past sexual trespasses  —   by turning Mrs. Clinton into a wife who had abided, aided and abetted her husband’s misdeeds. “There’s never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that’s been so abusive to women,” Mr. Trump said, minimizing his behavior as language, not actions. “Don’t tell me about words. ” Rarely has gender played such a significant role in a presidential debate. The candidates on the   stage, until now, were always men, and discussion of the sexes tended to be perfunctory. But Sunday night was different. Sex was a cudgel, a motif, a backdrop. It was never out of the picture. And the dynamics between the man and the woman onstage played out in powerful and unexpected ways. At one point, Mrs. Clinton deferred to Mr. Trump on a question about the future of President Obama’s signature health legislation, the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Trump tried a moment of male chivalry. “No, I’m a gentleman, Hillary,” Mr. Trump said, with a dramatic sweep of his arm. “Go ahead. ” And with each response, Mrs. Clinton stepped toward voters in the audience, paying little mind to Mr. Trump’s personal space, as if seeking to rattle Mr. Trump merely by being a woman unbound, free to roam where she pleased, as a nation watched. In nearly two dozen interviews conducted in person and by telephone during the debate, women expressed deep reservations about Mr. Trump’s demeanor, interruptions and, above all, the dismissive manner with which he brushed aside the recording in which he casually bragged about assaulting women. Diane Crawford, 62, a resident of Greenfield, Iowa, was struck by how eagerly Mr. Trump sought to change the subject to Mrs. Clinton’s spouse and his infidelities. “He just kept throwing Bill Clinton in there,” she said, “and Bill Clinton is not running for president. ” A skeptic of Mrs. Clinton’s heading into the debate, Ms. Crawford said she had changed her mind during those tense exchanges. “I’m not hesitant any longer to support Hillary,” Ms. Crawford said. “She showed her leadership ability with her response. ” Karyn Sloas, 48, an independent in Knoxville, Tenn. said she had planned to vote for Mr. Trump until she heard about the recording on social media over the weekend. She was repulsed. She thought of the example that Mr. Trump had set for her    daughter and her    son. “I don’t want him to think it’s O. K. to talk that way,” Ms. Sloas said. The tape was a breaking point for Donna Stevens, too. An independent in suburban Valley Cottage, N. Y. she was leaning toward voting for Mr. Trump. Then she watched the recording. “What he said was appalling,” she said. For Mr. Trump, Sunday night’s early focus on the 2005 tape was the culmination of a remarkable series of provocations against women. His first appearance in a primary debate, in August 2015, had led to a highly public  —   and deeply sexualized  —   attack against a woman, Megyn Kelly, when he suggested that Ms. Kelly, a Fox News anchor who was among the moderators, had been menstruating when she asked him tough questions. He went on to mock the appearance of a female rival, Carly Fiorina. And he accused Mrs. Clinton of playing “the woman card” in her primary, suggesting that she expected to prevail simply because of her sex. Now, in the final weeks of the campaign, it is Mr. Trump whose campaign is imperiled by his careless approach to gender. On Sunday, Ms. Sloas in Knoxville waited for Mr. Trump to redeem himself in her eyes, by displaying real regret for his treatment of women on the recording. “He’d have to show true remorse,” she said. “We, and I mean ‘we,’ as in America, would have to see remorse. ” All night, she said, he failed to demonstrate it. “I wanted to hear ‘I was wrong,’” Ms. Sloas said, minutes after the debate had concluded. “I didn’t get that. ”",0
7420,Venezuelan Court Revises Ruling That Nullified Legislature - The New York Times,"IQUITOS, Peru  —   Venezuela’s Supreme Court on Saturday reversed parts of a decision to strip the national legislature of its powers, an abrupt shift that came amid mounting domestic and international criticism that the country was edging toward dictatorship. “The decisions of the court have not divested the Parliament of its powers,” Maikel Moreno, the court’s chief judge, said in an address on Saturday afternoon. He said the Supreme Court should not be in conflict with other branches of government “because it is only an arbiter. ” The state television network VTV on Saturday published summaries of the court’s most recent rulings in which the judges said they had “suppressed” parts of an earlier decision to nullify the legislature and allow the court to write laws itself. Judge Moreno said the court had also reversed a decision to strip lawmakers of their immunity from prosecution. The court’s initial ruling, published on Wednesday night, prompted widespread outrage because it removed what most consider to be the last remaining check to President Nicolás Maduro’s growing power, the   legislature. The court, packed with judges loyal to Mr. Maduro, is considered to be controlled by the president. Saturday’s decision appeared to have support among top officials in Mr. Maduro’s government. Ernesto Villegas, the information minister, characterized the previous rulings as a mistake when he took to Twitter on Saturday to say that the court was “correcting the rulings. ” But as of late Saturday, the court itself had not published its rulings on its website, leaving it unclear how far the court planned to go in restoring the legislature’s powers, which it has been chipping away at for more than a year. Margarita López Maya, a Venezuelan political scientist, said the court appeared to consider the legislature to be in contempt, meaning that it might not be able to pass laws, even if the court agreed not to take over its legislative powers. The court has also spent the past year overturning major decisions made by the chamber, Ms. López said, including a law granting amnesty to political prisoners and moves to block the president from expanding his power over the economy. That stalemate, she added, seemed unlikely to change. “It’s like a chess game where you just moved one pawn,” she said. Enrique Sánchez Falcón, a Venezuelan constitutional expert, said he also believed that the court would continue to consider the legislature to be in contempt of the law and questioned whether it was even legal for its earlier decision to be revised. But the series of events had done damage to the rule of law in Venezuela, he said. “The constitutional order of Venezuela has been completely fractured,” he said. On Saturday, the Venezuelan opposition showed no signs that it would accept the court’s reversal as evidence that a respect for democratic principles had been restored. Several thousand protesters gathered in the streets in a show of support for the National Assembly. Witnesses said that security forces dispersed by firing tear gas canisters, which injured at least two lawmakers who had joined the protest. The court’s initial decision also revealed dissent within Mr. Maduro’s movement that could reflect limits on his march toward   rule. Chief among them was Luisa Ortega, the attorney general, who on Friday issued a dramatic rebuke to the president, holding a news conference in which she said that the rulings violated the inclusive spirit of Venezuela’s laws. The decision by the court represented “a rupture in the constitutional order,” Ms. Ortega said. Ms. Ortega, a longtime follower of Mr. Maduro’s predecessor, Hugo Chávez, has remained loyal to Mr. Maduro. But she emerged as a leading critic when she spoke out against a massacre of civilians by the military in the Barlovento region, outside Caracas, in October. Américo Martí, a Venezuelan lawyer and leftist leader, said that Ms. Ortega’s dissent represented a “kind of democratic reaction within Chavismo and a reflection of the international and national pressure” the movement was facing. The court’s decision generated condemnation outside Venezuela as well, with critics saying that the country had become a dictatorship in all but name. Luis Almagro, the secretary general of the Organization of American States, a regional body that aims to promote democracy, trade, and economic and social development, called the move a “  coup,” while the United States and other countries condemned the decision as eroding the country’s democracy. “What we have warned of has finally come to pass,” said Mr. Almagro, who has spent much of the past year chastising the government, even accusing Mr. Maduro of aiming to become a “petty dictator. ” Critics say the court’s assault on the legislature is part of a longer slide away from democracy that has come as the government’s popularity has declined amid the worst economic crisis in recent memory. Falling oil prices and years of economic mismanagement have left many Venezuelans facing shortages of food and basic medicines, setting off widespread protests. The government is holding at least 114 political prisoners, according to Penal Forum, a human rights group. Local elections that were to have been held last year have been postponed.",0
7421,Dutch Vote Watched Across Europe With a Finger in the Wind - The New York Times,"THE HAGUE  —   Elections in the Netherlands on Wednesday are being watched especially closely across Europe and beyond as a key gauge of whether formerly strong barriers to the far right still stand on a continent with painful memories of fascism, but also with a growing number of aspiring nationalist leaders. The Dutch vote is the first of several critical European elections this year, to be followed by those in France, Germany and possibly Italy. A common thread in the campaigns has been attacks on the European Union for diluting sovereignty, opening borders to migrants and leaving nations vulnerable to terrorism. “These are the quarterfinals in trying to prevent the wrong sort of populism from winning,” Mark Rutte, the Dutch prime minister and leader of the   People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy, said of the Dutch election. “The half finals are in France in April and May and in September in Germany, we have the finals,” he said. Almost everywhere populist parties have risen with nationalist calls to stem immigration to secure and preserve local cultures. The question now is whether the populists will maintain their momentum or be blunted by a newfound hesitancy among voters. Even as support for centrist parties craters nearly everywhere, some analysts see new hints of wariness of the protest and   votes that aided the rise of recent populist politicians, given the uncertainty and conflict ushered in by the first weeks of the Trump administration and the British vote last year to exit the European Union, or Brexit. Hajo Funke, a political scientist at the Free University in Berlin, said he had detected early signs in the past several weeks of a backlash against populism. In Germany, for example, the   Alternative for Germany party has slipped in the polls. Mr. Funke said he thought that voters in Europe were looking at Brexit and the Trump presidency not as points of inspiration, but rather with deep concern. “There is no Trump effect,” he said. “Nothing happened. ” On the current moment for populist parties, he said, “I see stagnation, or decline. ” In the Netherlands, Mr. Funke noted, Geert Wilders, one of the most stridently   politicians in Europe, has struggled to improve his standing in recent weeks after climbing quickly in the polls. “There is a danger that it can go out of control, as far as the voting for Wilders,” he said, “but I doubt that will be the case. ” Even if populists like Mr. Wilders do not prevail, other analysts said, their high profiles and often inflammatory presence had moved much of the political debate to the far right’s turf. The battle in many ways is already won. “Since the entrance of Geert Wilders into the political arena, he hasn’t had any office but he has exerted influence,” said Bert Bakker, a communications professor at the University of Amsterdam. Discussions in the Netherlands now often center on restrictions on immigrants, identity politics and nationalism. Professors, pollsters and others who closely watch elections emphasize that, at least in the Netherlands, the far right is not going to win or control the government  —   or even come close  —   not least because the other   parties have promised publicly not to work with Mr. Wilders in a coalition. That has not stopped them from adopting somewhat milder versions of the far right’s positions on many issues. One result is that the far right’s views have dominated the debate, crowding out other views and issues. “Even if these parties are not actually winning or part of the government, everything is moving to a more   stance, more   to try to win voters who are the losers in globalization,” said Jasper Muis, a professor of sociology at the Free University of Amsterdam, who studies populism. “Immigration and asylum seekers become the focus on the one hand and values and norms on the others,” he said, “but not much is said about economic development or employment and that’s a part of the success story of the populist right: that they’ve been able to make it difficult to talk about other subjects. ” In the most optimistic outlooks, Mr. Wilders, who heads the Freedom Party, will get about 15 percent of the vote. Even if his votes were combined with those of other   and   parties, the combined number of likely seats in the   Parliament would not exceed about 30, or 20 percent of the Parliament. However, the Christian Democratic Appeal party is promoting a line almost as conservative on immigration as that of Mr. Wilders, a change from its more moderate position of several years ago. That party now looks likely to win about as many seats as Mr. Wilders, and if the mainstream right’s seats are added to that, the   and   parties would have a majority. Even if the right has dominated the campaign, the reality is that the Netherlands is deeply divided and its centrist parties are losing ground in an increasingly fractured political landscape. There are 28 parties on the ballot. Only between 10 and 12 will get enough votes to win a seat in Parliament. There are still likely to be four or five parties in the governing coalition  —   all but guaranteeing it will include both   and   parties. For that reason some experienced observers of European politics say the rightward drift by the Dutch may be more important as a harbinger of trends on the Continent than for its practical impact. Some analysts are far more worried about the French vote, because the   leader of the National Front, the presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, has a bloc of voters that is much more solidified behind her. “The bloc for Le Pen is very consistent, which is different than the other populists,” said Mr. Funke of the Free University in Berlin. An even greater concern may be Italy, where the populist Five Star party and the Northern League could win if elections are held, in part on a platform proposing a referendum on whether Italy should continue to use the euro. That could trigger a loss of confidence by foreign investors and capital flight from the Continent. “Italy is potentially the worst case because if they are forced by election results to have a euro referendum,” Mr. Funke said, “then there would be a big danger. ”",0
7422,The Right Way to Say ‘I’m Sorry’ - The New York Times,"Most people say “I’m sorry” many times a day for a host of trivial affronts  —   accidentally bumping into someone or failing to hold open a door. These apologies are easy and usually readily accepted, often with a response like, “No problem. ” But when “I’m sorry” are the words needed to right truly hurtful words, acts or inaction, they can be the hardest ones to utter. And even when an apology is offered with the best of intentions, it can be seriously undermined by the way in which it is worded. Instead of eradicating the emotional pain the affront caused, a poorly worded apology can result in lasting anger and antagonism, and undermine an important relationship. I admit to a lifetime of challenges when it comes to apologizing, especially when I thought I was right or misunderstood or that the offended party was being overly sensitive. But I recently discovered that the need for an apology is less about me than the person who, for whatever reason, is offended by something I said or did or failed to do, regardless of my intentions. I also learned that a sincere apology can be powerful medicine with surprising value for the giver as well as the recipient. After learning that a neighbor who had assaulted me verbally was furious about an oversight I had not known I committed, I wrote a letter in hopes of defusing the hostility. Without offering any excuses, I apologized for my lapse in etiquette and respect. I said I was not asking for or expecting forgiveness, merely that I hoped we could have a civil, if not friendly, relationship going forward, then delivered the letter with a jar of my homemade jam. Expecting nothing in return, I was greatly relieved when my doorbell rang and the neighbor thanked me warmly for what I had said and done. My relief was palpable. I felt as if I’d not only discarded an enemy but made a new friend, which is indeed how it played out in the days that followed. About a week later I learned that, according to the psychologist and author Harriet Lerner, the wording of my apology was just what the “doctor” would have ordered. In the very first chapter of her new book, “Why Won’t You Apologize? ,” Dr. Lerner points out that apologies followed by rationalizations are “never satisfying” and can even be harmful. “When ‘but’ is tagged on to an apology,” she wrote, it’s an excuse that counters the sincerity of the original message. The best apologies are short and don’t include explanations that can undo them. Nor should a request for forgiveness be part of an apology. The offended party may accept a sincere apology but still be unready to forgive the transgression. Forgiveness, should it come, may depend on a demonstration going forward that the offense will not be repeated. “It’s not our place to tell anyone to forgive or not to forgive,” Dr. Lerner said in an interview. She disputes popular thinking that failing to forgive is bad for one’s health and can lead to a life mired in bitterness and hate. “There is no one path to healing,” she said. “There are many roads to letting go of corrosive emotions without forgiving, like therapy, meditation, medication, even swimming. ” Hardest of all, Dr. Lerner said, is to forgive a nonapologetic offender, like my aunt whom I had loved dearly and who served as my second mother after mine died. But when I, raised Jewish, married a Christian, she refused to come to the wedding and never apologized for the intense hurt her absence had caused. Although I made several attempts to restore the relationship, she always managed to deflect them, and to this day, more than half a century later, I cannot forgive her. The focus of an apology should be on what the offender has said or done, not on the person’s reaction to it. Saying “I’m sorry you feel that way” shifts the focus away from the person who is supposedly apologizing and turns “I’m sorry” into “I’m not really sorry at all,” the psychologist wrote. As to why many people find it hard to offer a sincere, unfettered apology, Dr. Lerner pointed out that “humans are   for defensiveness. It’s very difficult to take direct, unequivocal responsibility for our hurtful actions. It takes a great deal of maturity to put a relationship or another person before our need to be right. ” Offering an apology is an admission of guilt that admittedly leaves people vulnerable. There’s no guarantee as to how it will be received. It is the prerogative of the injured party to reject an apology, even when sincerely offered. The person may feel the offense was so enormous  —   for example, having been sexually abused by a parent  —   that it is impossible to accept a mea culpa offered by the abusive parent years later. Righting a perceived wrong can be especially challenging when it involves family members, who may be inclined to cite history  —   he was abused by his father, or she was raised by a distant mother  —   as an excuse for hurtful behavior. “History can be used as an explanation, not an excuse,” the psychologist said. “It should involve a conversation that allows the hurt party to express anger and pain if an apology, however sincere, is to heal a broken connection. ” As she wrote: “Nondefensive listening [to the hurt party] is at the heart of offering a sincere apology. ” She urges the listener not to “interrupt, argue, refute, or correct facts, or bring up your own criticisms and complaints. ” Even when the offended party is largely at fault, she suggests apologizing for one’s own part in the incident, however small it may be. Dr. Lerner views apology as “central to health, both physical and emotional. ‘I’m sorry’ are the two most healing words in the English language,” she said. “The courage to apologize wisely and well is not just a gift to the injured person, who can then feel soothed and released from obsessive recriminations, bitterness and corrosive anger. It’s also a gift to one’s own health, bestowing   integrity and maturity  —   an ability to take a cleareyed look at how our behavior affects others and to assume responsibility for acting at another person’s expense. ” Beverly Engel, the author of “The Power of Apology,” relates how her life was changed by a sincere, effective apology from her mother for years of emotional abuse. “Almost like magic,” she wrote, “apology has the power to repair harm, mend relationships, soothe wounds and heal broken hearts. An apology actually affects the bodily functions of the person receiving it  —   blood pressure decreases, heart rate slows and breathing becomes steadier. ”",0
7423,俄罗斯总统观注,"安理会28日会议2016年十月
俄罗斯总统观注 伏尔泰网 | 纽约（美国） | 2016年10月27日 français English Español русский عربي 联合国与区域及次区域组织在维持国际和平与安全方面的合作：集体安全条约组织、上海合作组织和独立国家联合体 俄罗斯联邦计划在2016年10月28日就“联合国与区域及次区域组织在维持国际和平与安全方面的合作：集体安全条约组织、上海合作组织和独立国家联合体”专题举行一次辩论，作为俄国担任安全理事会主席期间的一项中心工作。
鉴于当代挑战和威胁的全球性质，要制定采取有效对策所需的集体办法，就必须在维持和平与安全方面，加强联合国与区域和次区域组织的合作。
就联合国而言，这主要是其普遍性的一种反映，从联合国组织成员的普遍性及其工作的普遍性来看，都市如此；而且也是其国际公认的合法性的体现。另一方面，区域组织对其责任领域的情况往往有更好的认识，在许多情况下，他们都设有适应当地现实情况的预防机制及维和机制。在这方面，区域组织的活动要以寻求新冲突的和平、政治解决为方向。
正是在此背景下，同联合国主要区域伙伴进行正常协调以处理维持国际和平与安全问题，才具有高度的相关性。例如，安全理事会定期举行会议，讨论与非洲联盟、欧洲安全与合作组织和欧洲联盟合作事宜。近年来，对与阿拉伯国家联盟、东南亚国家联盟、南美洲国家联盟和其它区域行动者合作的情况，进行过审查。
众所周知，联合国组织同其区域伙伴之间的合作涉及日益广泛的问题。有关方面努力遏制大规模毁灭性武器的扩散和小武器的轻武器的非法流动，打击网络恐怖主义和非法移徙现象，——在所有这些领域，上述组织与联合国之间的合作势头日益增强；此种努力补充了维持和平和建设和平的目标。就在幅员广大的欧亚大陆(尤其是中亚区域)维持和平稳定而言，这一点至关重要。
正是在此领域，有三个相对年轻的组织，集体安全条约组织、上海合作组织和独立国家联合体(独联体)，在从东欧直至远东的广袤区域开展工作。这些组织正在世界上发挥其政治影响，对加强区域安全和国际安全作出重大贡献。
辩论将侧重于集体安全条约组织、上海合作组织和独联体对消除该区域和平与安全面临的威胁所作的贡献，包括反恐、打击贩毒和有组织犯罪。此项活动还提供了一个机会，可以在此确认这三个组织对同联合国(包括其中亚地区预防外交中心)切实合作的承诺。
集体安全条约组织是多层面结构，能对其成员国可能面临的当代广泛的挑战和威胁作出坚定回应。就此而言，联合国与集体安全条约组织在维和方面加强合作的潜力还很大。在集体安全条约组织内部，目前正在加紧工作，发展其自身维和能力，包括可能提供给联合国维和行动的能力。同时，集体安全条约组织正在积极促进帮助阿富汗进行冲突后重建以及消除来自该国的毒品威胁的国际努力。
该组织与联合国的关系在许多领域都得到成功的发展：反恐和打击贩毒、维持和平以及控制有组织犯罪。集体安全条约组织与联合国专门机构(包括安全理事会反恐怖主义委员会和联合国毒品和犯罪问题办公室)维持并发展有益的关系。
大会每两年就联合国与集体安全条约组织之间的合作通过一份决议。计划将在第七十一届会议审议题为“联合国同各区域组织及其他组织的合作”的议程项目范畴内，就此专题通过一份决议。
2010年，联合国秘书处与上海合作组织秘书处签署关于双方合作的联合声明，为两组织按照《联合国宪章》第八章就国际和平与安全问题开展合作提供了法律框架。目前，上海合作组织与联合国在下列领域开展积极合作：预防和解决冲突、反恐(为此目的，上海合作组织内的区域反恐结构正在运作)、不扩散大规模毁灭性武器、打击跨国犯罪、非法贩运毒品以及确保国际信息安全。
在此范畴内，上海合作组织积极支持国际社会和联合国机构努力恢复阿富汗和平，并一贯主张联合国在解决阿富汗问题进程中发挥关键的协调作用。
合作确保安全以及应对当代的挑战和威胁，一直是，并将继续是，独联体成员国之间开展专题合作的优先领域之一。
同国际组织开展建设性合作，也是积极消除新出现的威胁方面的关键因素。独联体国家加入了有关确保安全、裁军和消除当代挑战和威胁的所有最重要的国际文书，并正为实施此类文书作出重大贡献。
考虑到联合国的关键作用，考虑到必须与其他国际机构及其专门机构(反恐怖主义委员会、联合国毒品和犯罪问题办公室、国际刑事警察组织、国际移徙组织、联合国难民事务高级专员公署和反洗钱金融行动任务组)发展建设性伙伴关系，目前正在采取联合措施。
联合国与集体安全条约组织、上海合作组织和独联体在《联合国宪章》第八章基础上进一步加强和加深合作，在推进联合国组织各项目标方面正在发挥建设性作用，包括应对当代的挑战和威胁。一方面，这些区域组织应当积极作好准备，发挥自身潜力，维护联合国利益。另一方面，对于加大联合国与这些组织的协调与合作，联合国本身应继续给予必要重视，同时应坚持联合国及安全理事会的特权。
在此背景下，我们谨建议会员国就如何利用现有区域机制加强欧亚区域安全，提出自己的观点。很显然，该次区域的稳定将是欧亚各国经济增长和国家建设的基础，因此，我们欢迎各国代表团提出看法，包括通过安全与发展相结合这样做。我们坚信，在这里，在具有普遍合法性的联合国，我们将能够为处理稳定弱势区域的问题，集体提出创新办法，嗣后可推广到安全理事会重点关注的世界其他地区。
在辩论期间，联合国秘书长潘基文、集体安全条约组织秘书长博尔久扎、上海合作组织秘书长阿利莫夫以及独联体执行委员会副主席伊凡诺夫将发表讲话。我们也邀请上述区域组织成员国和其他有关国家的代表参加此次会议。",0
7424,Breaking! Google & Youtube Caught Censoring Bill Clinton’s Son,"Breaking! Google & Youtube Caught Censoring Bill Clinton’s Son Danney William's YouTube channel goes does days before election Infowars.com   
The YouTube channel of Danney Williams, the reported “son” of Bill Clinton, was taken offline Wednesday without explanation. 
Infowars reached out to Williams via cell phone to learn the details on why he believes his channel was removed. 
Williams recently joined the Alex Jones Show for an exclusive sit-down interview to reveal his past and current mission to reach his father. 
In a second exclusive interview Williams also revealed his views on Hillary Clinton and why he thinks she is keeping him away from his father. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP  ",0
7425,Music execs ‘dismayed’ at young stars reluctance to die for Xmas sales boost. More soon.,  Guest   Guest  ,0
7426,"GERMANY: Bigger than the Berlin Wall, the 12-foot-high ‘Munich Wall’ is being constructed to protect local residents from illegal alien Muslim invaders","BNI Store Nov 6 2016 GERMANY: Bigger than the Berlin Wall, the 12-foot-high ‘Munich Wall’ is being constructed to protect local residents from illegal alien Muslim invaders Locals campaigned for the wall, in the suburb of Neuperlach Süd, after authorities decided that some 160 young (up to age 40) unaccompanied Muslim illegals will move into a large shelter which is less than 100 metres from a residential estate. UK Daily Mail Critics say the wall is further proof of the alienation voters feel with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s refugee policy. Deputy District Chairman Guido Bucholtz, said: ‘I was frightened when I saw this monster of a wall.’ (Not as frightened as Germans are of the Muslim invaders) He added that he thinks the wall is too high as another similar structure designed to fence off a migrant camp was just three metres high. He said: ‘This whole propaganda really sucks.’ (Yeah, I guess you don’t like it when people find out you’ve been lying to them) However residents from the neighbouring housing development from the asylum centre went to court to get the wall built. One of their arguments for the wall was the fear that the value of their homes would plummet if there was nothing to separate them from the refugees who could be there for years to come. Local residents said they are fearful of the ‘noise and behaviour’ of the Muslim thugs. The judge of the Administrative Court in Munich confirmed the wall in a judgment – noted that the migrants should not use if for ‘ball throwing games’ or other ‘leisure use’. The fact that it is higher than the Berlin Wall of the Cold War is not lost on locals and officials. But engineers said it had to be that high to provide an effective sound insulation. The wall is nearly finished. Locals say they do not care about how it looks; only that it will separate them from the unaccompanied Muslim freeloaders, rapists and jihadists who have often been at the centre of friction with locals in other German towns.",0
7427,"General Soleimani in Mosul Operations Room, Cutting off ISIS Retreat to Syria","Trump and all the other far right leaders are Zionist stooges ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board General Soleimani in Mosul Operations Room, Cutting off ISIS Retreat to Syria By GPD on October 28, 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- Commander of the Quds Force of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Major General Qassem Soleimani has arrived in Hashd al-Sha’abi (popular forces) operations room in Mosul to play his advisory role in anti-ISIL campaign in Iraq, Arab media reported on Wednesday. “Hashd al-Sha’abi will soon start its operations in Western Mosul to cut the ISIL’s supply routes to Syria and defuse the US plots to postpone the popular forces’ participation in the Mosul operations, and General Soleimani has also joined them as a military advisor,” the Arabic-language al-Akhbar said quoting renowned Iraqi figures. No other source has yet confirmed the report. Washington is pressuring Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi not to allow Hashd al-Sha’abi forces to participate in the Mosul liberation operations. Spokesman of the Iraqi popular forces Ahmad al-Assadi had confirmed in August that General Soleimani would play a major role in operations to liberate Mosul, stressing that his country is in dire need of Iranian military advisors. “The presence of Brigadier-General Soleimani in the operations to free Mosul and Nineveh province is necessary and General Soleiman is the greatest advisor that has helped the Iraqi government in the war against the ISIL,” al-Assadi told FNA. “Hajj Qassem Soleimani is one of the most important military advisors of the Islamic Republic of Iran who is in Iraq at the invitation, demand and agreement of the Iraqi government,” he added. Stressing that the Iranian advisors are in Iraq at the demand of the Iraqi government and have played a big role in most operations conducted by the popular forces, al-Assadi said, “They provided the Iraqis with strong views and important consultations with respect to their experience and capabilities.” In relevant remarks in June, Iraqi Foreign Minister Ebrahim al-Jafari underlined that General Soleimani is in Iraq to help the country in campaign against terrorism after receiving Baghdad’s rigid request. “General Soleimani is in Iraq at the invitation of the Iraqi government to provide military counseling to the Iraqi forces,” the Arabic-language Sumeria news channel quoted al-Jafari as saying. Also in June, Hashd al-Sha’abi Commander Abu Mehdi al-Mohandes underlined that General Soleimani is helping the Iraqi forces in their campaign against terrorism upon a request by the Iraqi government. “The Iranian advisors, headed by dear brother Qassem Soleimani, have been beside us since the start of war and his presence has happened upon the demand of the Iraqi government and agreement of the Armed Forces’ top commander,” Mohandes said in an interview with Sumeria news channel. He, meantime, said that the Iraqi nation is able to kick the terrorists out of Iraq with the possibilities in their hands now, adding that Hashd al-Sha’abi doesn’t have any political plan and merely supports the political process. Related Posts:",0
7428,Kris Kristofferson’s “Dementia” Turned out to Be Something Completely Different…,"Kris Kristofferson’s “Dementia” Turned out to Be Something Completely Different… 
Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium Borrelia burgdorferi and is transmitted to humans through the bite of infected blacklegged ticks. Typical symptoms include fever, headache, fatigue, and a characteristic skin rash called erythema migrans. If left untreated, infection can spread to joints, the heart, and the nervous system. 
Songwriter and actor Kris Kristofferson has Lyme disease. While this isn’t necessarily good news, it’s new news because for years he was told he was suffering from Alzheimer’s disease or some other type of dementia. 
For years Kristofferson, 79, was misdiagnosed, his doctors assuming his issues stemmed from Alzheimer’s or dementia. Thankfully, earlier this year someone finally did a test and it came back positive. 
His wife Lisa remembers him taking medications for things he didn’t have, and dealing with all the side effects, but after just three weeks of Lyme treatment, he was back. There are still some down days, but for the most part, he’s his old self. 
Lyme disease is caused by the bite of an infected blacklegged or deer tick. If the tick is a lyme carrier and the bite is left untreated, it can eventually cause a host of debilitating symptoms, weeks or months later. While the disease may reveal itself within 30 days as a characteristic “bull’s-eye” rash, some people never get a rash. 
Most bites come from the immature form of the tick- the nymph- which is about the size of a poppy seed, so the bite can easily go unnoticed. Someone who has been bitten may experience one or more of the following: Severe headaches Additional rashes on other parts of the body Arthritis with severe joint pain and swelling, often in the knees Facial or Bell’s palsy Muscle and joint pain that comes and goes Heart palpitations or an irregular heartbeat (Lyme carditis) Dizziness or shortness of breath Nerve pain Shooting pains, numbness, or tingling in the hands or feet Problems with short-term memory 
And, even after months or years of infection, other cognitive problems can occur: problems remembering names or words slowed thinking “brain fog” difficulty following conversations 
Perhaps this is why doctors assumed Kristofferson was suffering from dementia, the symptoms are similar. However, many patients say that their doctors pay little attention to their persisting symptoms and often either assume it’s something else or brush it off. 
But it’s time to stop pretending that Lyme disease isn’t the major health threat the government has labeled it. According to the CDC, about 300,000 people a year are diagnosed with Lyme disease. 
The medical establishment has been at odds for years. There is strong disagreement about how reliable current testing methods are and even if it should be called a lasting illness. 
From the Next Avenue article: 
“The term ‘chronic Lyme disease’ (CLD) has been used to describe people with different illnesses,” the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases says on its website. “While the term is sometimes used to describe illness in patients with Lyme disease, in many occasions it has been used to describe symptoms in people who have no evidence of a current or past infection with [the Lyme bacterium]. 
The best way to prevent Lyme is to keep from getting bitten. Avoid wooded areas with a lot of brush, high grass, and leaf litter. When you go off trail (if you must) use bug repellent on exposed skin and clothes and ALWAYS check yourself and your loved ones as soon as you get done. 
Don’t forget that your pets can also bring them inside so make sure to protect them too. If you use traditional methods, your vet can prescribe something but lavender and geranium oil are also good, natural deterrents for ticks. 
Again, you can have fun outside where the ticks are. Just remember to very carefully inspect yourself for ticks after hiking, camping or being in the backyard if it’s close to a wooded area.",0
7429,Black Lives Matter Activists Stage Protests Across Britain - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Black activists, responding to calls for a nationwide protest against racial injustice, staged demonstrations in London and several other cities across Britain on Friday, in their boldest show of support to date for the emerging Black Lives Matter movement here. Black Lives Matter U. K. had called for a nationwide “shutdown” to protest an array of injustices, including police brutality racial disparities in arrests, convictions and sentencing the treatment of immigrants in detention inadequate mental health services and a reported increase in hate crimes since Britain’s decision, in a June 23 referendum, to leave the European Union. “We are here because we have no choice,” Wail Qasim, an activist and journalist who took part in a protest near Heathrow Airport, which serves London, wrote on Twitter. “We are here because this is a crisis. ” The Black Lives Matter movement, which emerged in the United States in 2013, has spread to several countries, including Britain, Canada and France. On Friday morning, activists unfurled a giant banner and lay down on an access road near Heathrow, bringing traffic to a standstill for several hours. The police arrested 10 people. Five more people were arrested in Birmingham, Britain’s   populous city, after blocking traffic leading to the airport. Four activists were arrested in Nottingham, a city of more than 300, 000 in the Midlands, after protesters blocked trams and buses by lying down in front of the Theatre Royal. The demonstrations were peaceful but powerful in several cases, the authorities had to use special equipment to cut through the tubes the protesters had used to link their arms. The demonstrations were timed to coincide with the fifth anniversary, on Thursday, of the fatal police shooting of Mark Duggan, a    unarmed black man, in the Tottenham section of London. His death touched off riots in poorer sections of the capital, as well as in cities including Birmingham, Bristol and Liverpool. In January 2014, an inquest jury found that the killing of Mr. Duggan had been justified, finding it more likely than not that he had tossed a firearm from a taxi shortly before he was shot. But in October, a judge granted Mr. Duggan’s family the right to appeal those findings. The 2011 riots echoed disturbances that shook the Brixton neighborhood of London no fewer than three times  —   in 1981, 1985 and 1995  —   in response to anger at police treatment of black residents. The activists have been upset by three recent deaths of black Britons: Mzee Mohammed, 18, who died last month after he was arrested in Liverpool Sarah Reed, a    with a history of mental illness, who died in a jail in North London in January and had previously been the victim of police brutality and Jermaine Baker, 28, who was fatally shot by the police in North London in December, after he tried to free a convict from a police van. “In the U. K. we have exactly the same problems as in America, but in America they’re far worse,” Kehinde Andrews, an associate professor of sociology and head of the black studies program at Birmingham City University, said in a phone interview. “You’re three times more likely to be killed by the police if you’re black, but the police don’t kill that many people in Britain in general. ” So far this year, the police in Britain have shot and killed two people, compared with 571 in the United States. Britain has the largest prison population in Western Europe, and blacks are overrepresented. But even so, the incarceration rate is far lower than in the United States. Gun violence is also relatively rare in Britain handguns were effectively prohibited after a 1996 massacre at a school in Scotland. Most police officers in the country do not carry guns. Because deadly encounters with the police are fairly rare, activists in Britain have tended to focus more on the treatment of black people in custody, like Sean Rigg, a    musician who had schizophrenia and who died in a police station in Brixton in 2008 and Kingsley Burrell, a    student who died in police custody in Birmingham in 2011. Hundreds of Black Lives Matter protesters demonstrated in London last month after the police shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota. When she took office as Britain’s prime minister on July 13, Theresa May pledged to fight “burning injustice” and to “make Britain a country that works for everyone,” noting that “if you’re black, you’re treated more harshly by the criminal justice system than if you’re white. ” In her previous position, as home secretary, Ms. May reduced the prevalence of “stop and search” (what Americans call “stop and frisk”) a policing practice that she denounced as ineffective and unjust, saying that people were often subject to scrutiny on no other basis than their skin color. But Gus John, a black educator and activist who immigrated to Britain from Grenada as a young man, described Ms. May’s speech as “a bit rich,” noting that she was in charge of domestic security and policing when Mr. Duggan died. “If society tacitly endorses racial injustice, and doesn’t see the matter as one that faces the country as a whole but simply as episodes that the black community has got to deal with, it is not just legitimate but necessary to take the struggle to them,” Mr. John said, adding that he “absolutely” supported the protests. Blacks account for about 3 percent of Britain’s population, compared with nearly 13 percent in the United States. While people of African origin have lived in Britain for centuries,   black migration began with people from the Caribbean after World War II, followed by an influx from former British colonies in Africa, especially Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, Uganda and Zimbabwe.",0
7430,Bishops Warn of Anti-Christian Intolerance after Government Advisor Criticises Catholic Schools,"Two English bishops have hit out after the government’s top advisor on integration said it was “not OK” for Catholic schools to oppose gay marriage. [The Catholic bishops of Portsmouth and Shrewsbury said it was becoming increasingly difficult to pass on traditional teaching in Britain, and that Christian values are facing discrimination.  Earlier this week, Dame Louise Casey, the British government’s senior advisor on integration told MPs: “It is not OK for Catholic schools to be homophobic and   marriage,” adding: “I have a problem with the expression of religious conservatism because I think often it can be  . ” Philip Egan, the Bishop of Portsmouth, said any restrictions on Catholic schools passing on Church teaching would by worthy of George Orwell’s Nineteen  . He told Catholic News Service that trying to preach on traditional sexual morality in Britain has become “like arguing with an alcoholic”. “After a while, they won’t argue with you on grounds of reason, they just become furious and respond that way. There is something in our culture increasingly like that,” the bishop said. Bishop Mark Davies of Shrewsbury also said that Britain’s values had been shaped by its Christian heritage. “These values would be undermined if an ‘equalities agenda’ in schools became the vehicle for an increasing intolerance of Christian teaching,” he said. “Strangely, it is the historic teachings of Christianity and the Christian vision of marriage which might be in need of toleration,” Bishop Davies added. He said the Catholic Church would benefit from a new papal document on anthropology to clarify Church teaching and counter the rise of gender ideology. In November, Dutch cardinal Willem Eijk called on the Pope to issue a   document condemning gender ideology, saying many Catholics were being “misled” into believing people could choose their own genders, partly because “they don’t hear anything else”. “[Gender theory] is spreading and spreading everywhere in the Western world, and we have to warn people,” he said. “From the point of moral theology, it’s clear  —   you are not allowed to change your sex in this way. ”",0
7431,"Bob Dylan, Donald Trump, Michelle Obama: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. He has a Pulitzer, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and Grammy, Academy and Golden Globe Awards. He was inducted into the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame decades ago. And now, Bob Dylan adds a Nobel Prize to that list. The    songwriter and musician was honored in the  literature category, a distinction that set off intense debate on social media. Our music critic had one question: “What took them so long?” ____ 2. Donald Trump counterattacked after several women came forward with accounts of his sexual aggression, singling out The Times for publishing what he called “false smears. ” Here’s what our lawyer had to say about that. Hillary Clinton will be off the campaign trail for days, letting the furor over Mr. Trump play out in a race tilting in her favor. Michelle Obama, the first lady, sharply criticized Mr. Trump in a speech, saying in a voice that shook with emotion that his lewd comments about women were “disgraceful” and “intolerable. ” ____ 3. An American warship fired “limited,  ” cruise missiles at Yemen, where Houthi rebels are fighting the   government. The Pentagon said insurgents had fired two missiles at another American warship in the area in recent days. It was the first time the U. S. had become directly involved in the   conflict. ____ 4. The train that smashed through a station in Hoboken, N. J. last month drew attention to a railroad that has been deteriorating in recent years. Despite booming ridership, New Jersey Transit’s finances have suffered during Gov. Chris Christie’s administration. New Jersey Transit hasn’t had a permanent leader for nearly a year, nor a public meeting in months, and it was fined for several violations during a recent audit. Another headache for Mr. Christie: A judge allowed a criminal complaint accusing him of misconduct in the bridge scandal to move forward. ____ 5. The Nigerian government said 21 of the schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram two years ago had been freed. They were among nearly 300 students kidnapped from a school in the town of Chibok, sparking an international campaign using the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. Most of the girls are still missing, believed to be held in remote areas controlled by the militant group. ____ 6. An autopsy requested by the family of Keith Lamont Scott, whose fatal shooting by the police last month prompted days of protests in Charlotte, N. C. showed that he died from gunshot wounds to the back and the abdomen. The county medical examiner’s office has not yet released the results of its own autopsy. Four cameras recorded his death, but none clearly show whether he was holding a gun. We did a    analysis to create a   reconstruction of the moments before and after the shooting. ____ 7. Demand for pastry chefs is soaring, but salaries are stagnant. Our financial columnist says restaurants are simply hiring younger people with less training, a dynamic at work in other U. S. industries, too. Above, Emily Spurlin, at work at a “ ” restaurant in Chicago’s West Loop. ____ 8. Hyperrealistic video games like the FIFA series and Pro Evolution Soccer are changing the way soccer is played. Many professional players are obsessed with the   versions of their jobs, and use them to study the moves and strategies of famous players. FIFA, world soccer’s governing body, is expected to decide in January whether to expand the World Cup finals from a   tournament to include as many as 48 countries. ____ 9. #thisis2016. Reactions are pouring in after an open letter from a Times editor to the woman who yelled “Go back to China!” at his family on the street. In the video above,   recount their experiences with racism. One man was once asked, “Is your peripheral vision as good as mine, or better? ’Cause, you know, your eyes. ” ____ 10. Finally, a reader asked if eating fish is good for us just because it replaces red meat. There are other reasons, like: vitamins A, D and B, a host of minerals and protein that is lean and  . Fish is also low in saturated fat and cholesterol, but high in   fatty acids. Happy eating. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
7432,‘Is America Now a Banana Republic’,"Zero Hedge October 28, 2016 
Moments ago, Russian president started speaking at the final session of the Valdai International Discussion Club’s 13th annual meeting in Sochi. More than 130 experts and political analysts from Russia and other countries are taking part in this year’s three-day meeting, titled ‘The Future in Progress: Shaping the World of Tomorrow’. 
While Putin’s speech can be seen below, he has already had a handful of soundbites, most notably the following he just said in response to accusations that Russia could influence the US election: 
“Hysteria has been whipped up in the United States about the influence of Russia over the U.S. presidential election,” said Putin, calling it a ruse to cover up for the fact that the U.S. political elite had nothing to say about serious issues such as the country’s national debt or gun control. 
“It’s much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence. Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people’s choice in any way? The number of mythical, dreamt-up problems include the hysteria – I can’t think of another word – that has broken out in the United States about the influence of Russia on the current elections for the US president.” 
He ended that phrase as follows: “What, is America a banana republic?!” Putin mocks claim that Russia is trying to influence the US elections: “What, is America a banana republic? America is a great power” 
— Steve Rosenberg (@BBCSteveR) October 27, 2016 
And then, to emphasize his trolling, added the following: “correct me if I am wrong.” 
He also said that “Russia has no intention of attacking anyone, it is ridiculous, foolish and unthinkable. I read your analytical materials prepared not only by those present but also by analysts in the US and Europe. However, it is just unthinkable, silly and unrealistic. In Europe alone, the combined population of NATO countries stands at 300 million, in the US the total population is, probably, 600 million, while in Russia – 146 million. It is just funny to talk about this.” 
According to the Russian president, contradictions stemming from redistribution of political power are growing. 
“Regrettably, next to nothing has changed for the better in the past months. To be frank, nothing has changed. Contradictions stemming from redistribution of economic power and political influence are only growing,” Putin said. 
Hence, according to the Russian leader, the burden of mutual mistrust is limiting possibilities to stand to real challenges and real threats facing the world community. “As a matter of fact, the entire globalization project has turned to be a crisis and voices in Europe are speaking (and we know and hear it well) about the failure of the policy of multiculturalism,” Putin said, adding that this situation is a consequence of a wrong, hasty and somewhat arrogant choice made by Europe’s political elites some twenty-five years ago. 
“Back then, at the turn of the 1980s and 1990s, there was a chance not only to spur globalization processes but to give them a qualitatively new, harmonious and sustainable character,” the Russian leader said. 
He drew attention to the fact that the countries that claimed to be the winners in the Cold War began to reshape the global political and economic order in their own interests. 
These states, in his words, embarked on a path of “globalization and security for themselves only, but not for all.” But not all agreed on that.Some could not resist that any longer whereas others were not yet ready, so, no wonder the system of international relations has been feverish and the global economy is failing to recover from the crisis, Putin added. 
On globalization 
The Russian president stressed globalization should be for all but not only for the select few. 
“Obviously, the global community must focus on really topical problems facing the entire humankind, the solution of which will make the world a safer and more stable place and the system of international relations equal and fair,” Putin said. 
He said such an approach will make it possible to “make the globalization for the select few turn into globalization for all.” 
“I am confident that it is possible to overcome any challenges and threats only together,” Putin stressed. 
On Global Propaganda 
The president said he regrets that Moscow does not possess such global propaganda techniques as Washington does. 
“I would like to have such a propaganda machine in Russia. But, unfortunately, I don’t. We have no such global media as CNN, BBC and some others. We have no such opportunities so far,” Putin said at a session of the Valdai Discussion Club. 
On the world economy 
The president expects the trend towards regionalization of the world economy will continue. It is absolutely evident that economic cooperation must be mutually advantageous and be based on general universal principles so that each state could become a full-fledged participant in the global economic life,” Putin said. 
“In the mid-term prospect, the tendency towards regionalization of the global economy will apparently continue, but regional trade agreements should complement, develop, and not substitute universal norms and rules,” the president said. 
The global economy is unable to get out of the current systemic crisis and the political and economic principles continue to be reshuffled, Putin stressed. 
“The system of international relations remains feverish. The global economy is unable to get out of the systemic crisis. The principles and rules in politics and the economy continue to be reshuffled. Quite often dogmas that until recently had been regarded as fundamentally true are turned inside out,” Putin said. 
These days, he said, whenever the powers that be find some standards or rules beneficial, they force everybody else to obey them. However, if at a certain point the very same standards begin to pose obstructions, they are at once sent into the dustbin as outdated and new rules are established. 
As an example of that strategy Putin mentioned the missile and bombing strikes against Belgrade and Iraq, then against Libya and Afghanistan. The operation began without a corresponding resolution by the UN Security Council. Some superpowers, the Russian leader said, in their attempts to change the strategic balance of force in their favor have torn down the international legal regime that prohibited the deployment of new missile defense systems. They have created and armed international terrorist groups, whose cruelty is now pushing millions of migrants out of the unsafe areas. 
Whole countries are being plunged into chaos. The principles of free trade are trampled on and sanctions are used to exert political pressures. 
“We can see the freedom of trade being sacrificed and so-called sanctions being used for exerting political pressures. In bypass of the World Trade Organizations attempts are being made to form closed economic alliances living by harsh rules and putting up firm barriers alliances where dome 
On NATO 
He said that NATO has outlived its usefulness as a structure and on the topic of the escalating proxy war in Syria, Putin had a simple comment: “Our agreements with the US on Syria did not work out.” 
And some more headlines from his pragmatic remarks: RUSSIA’S PUTIN SAYS RUSSIAN MILITARY THREAT BEING EXAGGERATED TO JUSTIFY MILITARY SPENDING RUSSIA’S PUTIN SAYS CYBER ATTACKS OR OTHER TYPES OF INTERFERENCE INTO OTHER COUNTRIES’ AFFAIRS UNACCEPTABLE RUSSIA’S PUTIN SAYS DONALD TRUMP BEHAVES EXTRAVAGANTLY , BUT IT IS FOR A REASON 
Follow Putin’s speech live below.",0
7433,Puppet Hillary's Blame Game,"During the 3 rd presidential debate Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton laughably claimed that self-made billionaire, Donald Trump —a political outsider—was a puppet, rather than herself: 
“He'd [Vladimir Putin] rather have a puppet as president of the United States.” 
“No puppet, no puppet… You're the puppet,” was Mr. Trump's honest reply. 
Excuse me, but which scandal-embroiled candidate made a dirty U.S. uranium deal with Russia? Which same one blatantly broke American law and fostered potential espionage? As with everything two-faced Hillary says, the truth opposes her own words and deeds. Via Charity-gate , Mrs. Clinton did the former; with Server-gate, she did the latter. Thus, at the debate, she falsely accused Trump of her own crimes. This behavior is classical psychological projection: her own deep-seeded guilt blamed on her innocent political opponent. 
Beyond a worthless apology, Hillary's blame game never includes herself. Mr. Trump's call to Russia to release her illegally destroyed emails (if they have them) isn't espionage. He has nothing to do with what was left unprotected or has likely been stolen. First, wasn't it Hillary who intentionally had unauthorized, private servers set up in the first place as Secretary of State? Second, wasn't it Mrs. Clinton's responsibility to follow the law forbidding such extraneous storage of classified information? Third, since she knowingly ignored the rules, doesn't she own the consequences of hackers and potentially “interfering” foreign governments in next month's election? 
Hillary has aided Russia, the foreign government she now publicly demonizes. In reality, if anyone is a hypothetical puppet of Putin's, it's Hillary Clinton , not Donald Trump. Specifically, her State Department approved the Uranium One deal, which insanely ceded Russian control of 20% of American produced uranium for a fat donation to her pay for play sham of a charity, the Clinton Foundation . (That's the highly prized “ yellow cake ” used in nuclear weapons.) What's to stop the Kremlin from sharing the extra supply with their Middle East allies, the nuclearly ambitious Iranian Imams ? You know, the same bearded fellows who finessed a toothless, Obama-approved nuclear deal that virtually guarantees them the bomb within the next decade? The answer to all of the above is nothing at all. 
Moreover, if the Soviets do have her destroyed emails, Mr. Putin has a treasure trove of top secret material with which to blackmail the normally paranoid and self-obsessed Hillary . Therefore, Mrs. Clinton would waste critical years in office (vital to the continued solvency of America) looking only to save her own skin. Indeed, the next president must contend with the escalating, unsustainable 19.7T debt . (That sounds like a wheelhouse challenge to a businessman and job creator like Donald Trump .) 
Yet, Hillary's not up to that, or anything constructive. Crooked Hillary will be embroiled in ever worsening scandals, and future Nixon style cover-ups. Just like her impeached hubby Bill, she'll remain in an endless cycle of political damage control. Recall her already well-established track record of incompetence and lawlessness. While the country seizes in a hellish Clinton Administration death spiral, how would this divisive rabble-rouser lead—except disastrously—over a social and economic cliff? 
It doesn't take a dummy to know who's better for America's future . If ventriloquists were Wall Street bankers, speechifying “Hillary six figures” would be their open borders , amnesty-promising marionette. Brassy Donald Trump should not be confused with any of that. Unlike the shifty one percenters who finance Mrs. Clinton's corrupt candidacy, Donald Trump's a captain of industry who can't be bought. He already has all of the fame, wealth and power anyone could want. America needs his tell-it-like-it-is 'can-do' optimism—not an elitist figurehead for foreign and domestic special interest groups, and corporate masters. shares",0
7434,"Trump Spent Far Less Than Clinton, but Paid His Companies Well - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Donald J. Trump won the White House after spending a little more than half of what Hillary Clinton did, using a combination of his own money and contributions from donors big and small to fuel a campaign that shattered the modern conventions of money and politics. The figures for the final weeks of the campaign, released late Thursday, showed that Mr. Trump paid his own companies nearly $12 million over the course of the election  —   reimbursement for flights, hotel stays, meals and services for him and his staff members, as well as office space in the tower he owns on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. His preferred mode of transportation  —   his private aircraft  —   made up the largest chunk of money that went back into Trump entities, $8. 7 million. The figures also show that Mr. Trump put in $65 million of his own cash, well short of the $100 million he had originally promised he would spend on his campaign. These unusual practices provide a glimpse of the kind of potential conflicts and ethical issues that Mr. Trump will have to resolve as president. The wealthiest man ever elected president, Mr. Trump is already facing calls from government ethics officials to sever ties to his vast real estate and financial holdings around the world. He is resisting so far, raising the possibility that he could enter office with a virtually unknowable number of personal entanglements that is without precedent. Over all, Mr. Trump raised far less money than Mrs. Clinton did, though the disparity  —   like the race itself  —   closed at the end of the campaign. The Clinton campaign brought in $70 million from Oct. 20 to Nov. 28, compared with $86 million for the Trump campaign, of which $10 million came from Mr. Trump’s own pocket. The combined figures, which include what each campaign and its outside allies raised, reinforce just how little money seemed to matter in this election. Mrs. Clinton and her allies took in about $1 billion Mr. Trump and the groups working on his behalf raised only about $600 million. Sustained at times by little more than a Twitter account, his own money and extensive news media coverage, Mr. Trump relied far less on the traditional tools of campaigning. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign was more dependent on television advertising, spending hundreds of millions of dollars on almost relentlessly negative attacks. At a time when every presidential election promises to obliterate spending records, 2016 was an exception. Both candidates spent significantly less than their counterparts did in 2012. Mrs. Clinton’s total expenses were $565 million, compared with $775 million for President Obama Mr. Trump spent $322 million, while Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee that year, spent $460 million. Mrs. Clinton closed with under $1 million in the bank, much less than the $7 million remaining for the Trump campaign. Though Mr. Trump would often brag that he was financing his own campaign, that was only partially true. The new disclosures show that nearly 80 percent of the money his campaign brought in came from donors. The disclosures also undercut another theme that was central to Mr. Trump’s appeal as an antipolitician  —   his insistence that he would not favor wealthy donors and powerful interests if elected. Some of his   nominees, who include millionaires and billionaires, made large donations to his campaign or to “super PACs” supporting him. For example, Linda McMahon, the professional wrestling mogul whom Mr. Trump has chosen to lead the Small Business Administration, donated $7 million to two   groups. The records also show that the men he intends to nominate for his secretaries of Labor, Treasury and Commerce all made   contributions to his campaign, the Republican National Committee or another group supporting him. Still, Mr. Trump’s campaign also benefited from a   network of ordinary Americans who gave small amounts of money, an illustration of his powerful   appeal.   percent of the amount donors gave directly to his campaign came from people who donated $200 or less. The financial fortunes of the political parties are also reflected in the outcome of the campaign, with Democrats in worse shape than Republicans as they head into 2017. The Democratic National Committee reported having $13 million on hand and $2 million in debt. The Republican National Committee has $21 million on hand and no debt. The figures also showed the extent to which the Republican National Committee benefited from its financial arrangement with Mr. Trump, who despite being a drag on the party’s finances early on ended up helping to rescue it. The committee kept a slice of the money it had raised with Mr. Trump through two joint   committees, helping to pay off $7 million in debt and leaving it in much better financial condition than at the beginning of the campaign.",0
7435,Trump’s Take on Corporate Tax Rate Could Look Very Much Like Obama’s - The New York Times,"Just a few days after being sworn in as president, Donald J. Trump convened a meeting at the White House of some of the nation’s most prominent chief executives to discuss how to improve manufacturing. Mr. Trump was joined by Elon Musk of Tesla, Mark Fields of Ford, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical, Marillyn A. Hewson of Lockheed Martin and Michael Dell of Dell, among others. Before the meeting formally began, with cameras rolling, Mr. Trump wanted to talk about corporate tax rates  —   specifically lowering them. During one debate with Hillary Clinton, he had told voters: “Under my plan, I’ll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35 percent to 15 percent for companies, small and big businesses. That’s going to be a job creator like we haven’t seen since Ronald Reagan. It’s going to be a beautiful thing to watch. ” He repeated the 15 percent figure over and over again. However, when Mr. Trump spoke to the C. E. O.s that morning, he shifted the goal post slightly: “We’re trying to get it down to anywhere from 15 to 20 percent. ” Inside the White House, until last Friday, according to people involved in the conversations, the target rate had been bumped up again, to a minimum of 20 percent and very likely a bit more. And now, given that the repeal of the Affordable Care Act is off the table  —   and with it the $1 trillion in tax cuts over the next 10 years that the administration needed to help make its tax plan deficit neutral  —   there is a good chance that any tax package would include a corporate rate that is even further from Mr. Trump’s initial pledge, perhaps as high as 28 percent. Don’t take my word for it. That’s the figure that Grover Norquist, the   activist who is the president of Americans for Tax Reform, and who has long sought the lowest rate possible, has calculated would be needed for the plan to be deficit neutral after 10 years. That way it could come under the heading of budget reconciliation, which would allow the Senate to pass legislation with a simple majority. If the 28 percent corporate tax rate sounds familiar, that’s because it is: It was the same rate that President Barack Obama proposed in 2012 and again in 2013, when he also proposed to lower the tax rate for United States manufacturers to 25 percent. He made the proposal again in 2014, 2015 and 2016. Each time, his tax plan was summarily dismissed by Republicans who called the rate too high and uncompetitive. Now, Republicans may end up negotiating a tax package with a corporate tax rate that looks a lot like the one they rejected out of hand for the last five years. Why is the rate so important? Because almost all those on Wall Street  —   and in corner offices throughout corporate America  —   have been baking into their models a tax reform plan that they say will   additional investments, leading to higher growth in the economy. As an example, Randall Stephenson, the chief executive of ATT, told analysts this year, “We know at ATT that if you saw tax rates move to 20 percent to 25 percent, we know what we would do: We would step up our investment levels. ” Some of those investments become harder to justify if the rate is higher, executives say. The Standard  Poor’s   index already has an effective tax rate of about 28 percent, according to WalletHub. The United States has the highest top statutory corporate tax rate among Group of 20 nations, according to a study by the Congressional Budget Office. As evidenced by the stock market’s pullback on Friday and again on Monday, investors and analysts are redoing their math to account for the fact that tax reform may not happen as soon as they expected  —   the Trump administration had said it would happen by August  —   and that rates will not come down as much as had been anticipated. Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who oversaw the effort to repeal Obamacare, acknowledged that the bill’s failure would “make tax reform more difficult. ” He has yet to publish a new set of corporate tax rates, but his original plan called for a rate of 20 percent. That plan depended not only on Obamacare’s repeal, to save $1 trillion, but also on another plan that seems increasingly unlikely to gain support: a   border adjustment tax  —   a euphemism for an import tax on all goods  —   that was expected to raise another $1 trillion over 10 years. The border adjustment tax, an obsession of Mr. Ryan’s, has divided Mr. Trump’s advisers. Stephen K. Bannon has been a proponent, seeing it as an incentive for more companies to make goods here in the United States. Others, like Gary Cohn, Wilbur Ross and Steven Mnuchin, have been more ambivalent, people involved in the discussions say, in part because other countries could retaliate, making it harder for United States manufacturers to export goods. Many American retailers, like Walmart, and even some manufacturers  —   including Ford and Fiat Chrysler, which make some car models in Mexico and Canada and import them into this country  —   have expressed their anxiety about how a border adjustment tax would affect their business. Given the squabbling within the Republican Party over the repeal of Obamacare, it’s hard to imagine that a congressman with constituents including big retailers  —   retail jobs outnumber manufacturing jobs in the United States by about four to one  —   would vote in favor of a border adjustment tax. “The border adjustment tax, the most controversial piece of current   discussions, is less likely to pass,” Société Générale wrote in a note to clients over the weekend. “If Congress fails to approve tax reform ahead of August, confidence is likely to slip. Congress could still pass a bill by the end of the calendar year, but even that could slip. ” Without the $2 trillion in revenue and tax savings that the border adjustment tax and Obamacare repeal would generate, it is virtually impossible to see how the Trump administration could find a path to a corporate tax rate anywhere near what it originally promised. (Of course, the administration could pull back on its pledge to lower taxes for the middle class, but that seems unlikely.) The   question is whether lowering corporate taxes would ultimately have the desired effect. “While there is no doubt that tax policy can influence economic choices,” a study by the Brookings Institution determined, “it is by no means obvious, on an ex ante basis, that tax rate cuts will ultimately lead to a larger economy in the long run. ”",0
7436,Justice or ‘Conspiracy’? Terrorism Trial Divides Somalis in Minneapolis - The New York Times,"MINNEAPOLIS  —   The day after his oldest son was convicted of conspiring to join and kill for the Islamic State in Syria, Abdihamid Yusuf just wanted to go home and rest. But bills were stacking up, so on Saturday morning he and his wife visited the jail and then reopened Hooyo’s Kitchen, the small Somali restaurant where they serve plates of chicken, rice and bananas. “We try to survive,” Mr. Yusuf said. The trial of his son and two other young   men splintered families and opinions here in the country’s largest Somali community. Former friends testified against one another, describing how they had watched propaganda videos, bought fake passports and plotted their paths to Syria. Family members squabbled in the halls of the courthouse. Some said they had been threatened or shunned. When the jury came back on Friday afternoon, Mr. Yusuf did not even get word in time to reach the courtroom to see his    son, Mohamed Farah, and the two other defendants, Guled Omar, 21, and Abdirahman Daud, 22, declared guilty. A total of nine men  —   including another of Mr. Yusuf’s sons, Adnan  —   have been convicted in the case. Federal prosecutors say the case shined a light on the persistent problem of terrorist recruiting here. Law enforcement authorities have said that more than 20 young men from Minnesota have left to join the Shabab militant group in Somalia and that more than 15 have tried or succeeded in leaving to join the Islamic State. But it also opened wounds among families, and at the end of the trial, some in the community praised justice served, while others pointed to what they called another injustice. Deqa Hussen said she had learned the price of cooperating: “They’ve been calling me snitch. ” Her oldest son, Abdirizak Warsame, 21, briefly acted as the leader of a group of friends as they planned to travel to Syria in 2014. He pleaded guilty and testified for prosecutors, telling the jury how he had wanted the rewards of martyrdom. Now, Ms. Hussen said, longtime friends and strangers have accused her of selling her son to the government. During the trial, she said, the mother of another defendant threatened her life. “I have to respect the government and I have to respect my son,” she said. “My culture is a culture of silence. You cannot speak your rights. ” Some in the Somali community praised the government. They said that the three defendants had gotten a fair trial, and that they hoped the convictions would prompt candid talks about extremism and its allure to some young men here. “This is good for the community,” said Mohamed Ahmed, a gas station manager who created an online cartoon character, Average Mohamed, to condemn extremism. “It unmasks the fear, forces us to think deeply. We can either confront it or bury our heads. ” Jibril Afyare, an IBM software engineer and community activist, spoke of vigilance. He said he talked regularly to the United States attorney about the threat of recruitment by terrorist groups, and has a local police captain’s number on speed dial. “We cannot afford even one Somali youth to be recruited by extremists,” he said. “It’s dangerous for the country, and it’s dangerous for the Somali community. ” But others called the case a setup, and said the defendants had been goaded to act and praise terrorism by a onetime friend who made secret audio recordings as a paid federal informant. In barber shops and cafes where the case flashed on television screens, young men and old said the trial would harden the community’s relationship with law enforcement, and said the defendants did not deserve potential sentences of life in prison. “People think the trial was dishonest and was done in a hurry, that this is a conspiracy,” said Jamaal K. Farah, 35, a barber and comedian who goes by the name Happy Khalif and has attracted hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube. Mr. Farah said he used to give haircuts to some of the nine friends who have now pleaded guilty or been convicted. He rejected portrayals of them as eager,   militants who spoke of wanting to spit on the United States, kill Turkish security forces or die as martyrs. The case focused on conversations and events in 2014 and 2015. Prosecutors said some of the defendants had watched Islamic State propaganda videos, met to discuss routes and timing to leave for Syria, tried to buy fake passports from an undercover F. B. I. agent and played paintball to train for combat. But to Mr. Farah and others skeptical of the convictions, the men were not defendants or terrorists, but boys, brothers, kids who had messed up but deserved a second chance. “These kids used to be part of this community,” Mr. Farah said. “This country gave us hope and a better life. We think this trial was a total injustice. ” As he watched boys play basketball outside a community center in central Minneapolis, Burhan Mohumed thought of his friend Guled Omar. He said Mr. Omar had played here before “he was caught up in that storm. ” Mr. Mohumed attended the trial regularly but was barred from the courthouse after he intervened in a fight and argued with court security officers. After the trial, Andrew M. Luger, the United States attorney for Minnesota, condemned the threats and courthouse scuffles as intolerable and “ . ” Mr. Mohumed supported the three defendants and, echoing others here, he was upset they could face life in prison even though they never left for Syria and never pulled a trigger. “If they can convict them on words and thoughts, it’s over,” he said. “People will not feel safe in our communities. ” But prosecutors said the case involved far more than thoughts. They said the defendants were ready to kill for the Islamic State and had made   efforts to fly out of Kennedy International Airport or cross the Mexican border to travel to Syria. On Saturday, Mr. Yusuf said, his wife insisted that they go back to work after they visited their son in jail. He said he had taken time off from his job driving a school bus to deal with the criminal cases against his sons. But they still had five other children to care for. So they opened Hooyo’s Kitchen, in a Somali shopping center stuffed with rug stores, barber shops, classrooms and kitchens, four floors above Mr. Farah’s barber shop. As his wife cooked, Mr. Yusuf rushed food to customers. People stopped by to tell them to be strong. Mr. Yusuf’s thoughts tilted back to his sons. He said Mohamed Farah, the oldest, was hopeful about sentencing, and had told him that whatever came next was God’s will. He worried about the cost of funding two commissary accounts so his sons could call him from jail. He worried about the distance he would have to drive to visit them. “It’s not fair,” Mr. Yusuf said. But he said they were propped up by faith. “We believe God will give, no matter what. ”",0
7437,"Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket'","Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket' Previously tweeted call for 'war' against Obama after Dallas police shootings Published: 11 mins ago 
(The Hill) A former congressman on Wednesday threatened to grab his musket if GOP nominee Donald Trump loses the presidential election. 
On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump,” former Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) tweeted on Wednesday. 
“On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket.You in?”",0
7438,"Hillary Says Trump Disrespects Women, But Look Who She’s Fundraising With…","Pinterest 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s glass house of sexual impropriety and hypocrisy just got a new addition. Clinton is set to fundraise with rapper Jay-Z, whose lyrics put GOP nominee Donald Trump’s 11-year-old comments to shame. 
Clinton, who brands herself as some sort of champion of women’s issues, will fund-raise with Jay-Z, whose popular song titled “Big Pimpin” includes the following lyrics: You know I – thug em, f— em, love em, leave em Cause I don’t f—in need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don’t f—in feed em First time they fuss I’m breezin. 
Taking desperate women “out the hood,” taking the money they make from selling their bodies and further abusing them is really championing women’s issues, eh? 
Let’s see, Trump made some lewd comments about what consenting adult women would hypothetically allow him to do because of his star status and he’s a monster, but Jay-Z talks about profiting off of the misery of desperate women and treating them like garbage and hey, he’s with her! 
Western Journalism reported : 
Writing on TruthFeed , Amy Moreno noted that Clinton has a stable of rap artists supporting her whose language is beyond offensive. 
“Even while Hillary and her supporters are feigning outrage, she ran a contest on her website promoting a ‘meet-and-greet’ with rap artist Pusha T, who says vulgar things about women in his songs,” she wrote. 
In Got ‘Em Covered , Pusha T sings: All of you lil’ n—as quote all of the wrong figures Poke all of the wrong b—s And follow the wrong n—as.” 
“Yet, besides all that anti-woman vulgarity, Hillary had a contest on her website to meet this animal,” wrote Moreno. 
Western Journalism also reported that earlier this month, Trump supporter Betsy McCaughey called out Clinton’s hypocrisy. McCaughey responded to the video of Trump’s comments by noting how Clinton accepts support from rappers who denigrate women for a living. 
“Hillary Clinton expresses that she finds the language … horrific, but in fact she likes language like this, quote, ‘I came to slay, b—-. When he F me good, I take his a– to Red Lobster,’ McCaughey said and added, “That happens to be a line from Beyoncé.” 
“Her [Clinton’s] favorite performer whom she says she idolizes and would like to imitate,” she continued. “So you know what I’m saying to you? There’s a lot of hypocrisy.” 
Clinton doesn’t care about women, children , minorities, or anyone else that she uses and abuses to gain votes. Clinton cares about money and power — that’s it.",0
7439,Deep State Leaks Highly Classified Info to Washington Post to Smear President Trump - Breitbart,"Current and former U. S. officials, supposedly concerned that President Trump had shared some “highly classified information” with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador to the U. S. last week, leaked that information to the Washington Post in an article published Monday. [However, the report admits that it is “unlikely” Trump broke any laws.  “As president, Trump has broad authority to declassify government secrets, making it unlikely that his disclosures broke the law,” the report said. In addition, his national security adviser, who was at the meeting, told the Post nothing was shared that was not already publicly known. “At no time were any intelligence sources or methods discussed and no military operations were disclosed that were not already known publicly,” said Army Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster. McMaster later told reporters at the White House, “Two other senior officials who were present, including the secretary of state, remember the meeting the same way and have said so. Their    accounts should outweigh those of anonymous sources. I was in the room, it didn’t happen. ” “This story is false. The president only discussed the common threats that both countries faced,” added Dina Powell, Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy, who also attended the meeting. The current and former officials told the Post that Trump shared information with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak that was obtained by a U. S. partner through an   agreement and was so sensitive it was withheld from U. S. allies and restricted within the U. S. government. The officials said Trump’s disclosure risked cooperation from an ally that had access to the inner workings of the Islamic State, which they then shared details of with the Post. The current and former officials told the Post that Trump discussed an Islamic State terrorist threat related to the use of laptop computers on aircraft. They said that senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and National Security Agency after the meeting. The officials bashed the president, portraying him as “reckless. ” A “former senior U. S. official close to current administration officials” said Trump “seems to be very reckless, and doesn’t grasp the gravity of the things he’s dealing with, especially when it comes to intelligence and national security. And it’s all clouded because of this problem he has with Russia. ” They also claimed that Trump seemed to be “boasting” about his inside knowledge of the threat. The officials said Trump “did not reveal the specific intelligence gathering method, but described how the Islamic State was pursuing elements of a specific plot and how much harm such an attack could cause under varying circumstances. ” “Most alarmingly, officials said, Trump revealed the city in the Islamic State’s territory where the U. S. intelligence partner detected the threat,” it said. The officials then leaked the name of the city to the Post, which decided to withhold most of the plot details under the urging of current officials. The officials said the name of the city would be useful for Russia to help identify the U. S. ally or intelligence capability involved. The Post said the officials declined to identify the ally that collected the information, but said, “It is one that has previously voiced frustration with Washington’s inability to safeguard sensitive information related to Iraq and Syria. ” The officials claimed Trump  described measures the U. S. has taken or is contemplating to counter the threat, “including military operations in Iraq and Syria as well as other steps to tighten security,” but did not say what those were. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that was false. “During President Trump’s meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov a broad range of subjects were discussed among which were common efforts and threats regarding  .  During that exchange the nature of specific threats were discussed, but they did not discuss sources, methods or military operations,” he said. Michelle Moons contributed to this report.",0
7440,WW3 averted? Putin congratulates Trump! [Video],"
November 10th, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
RT- Translated by  Inessa Sinchougova 



Putin took a minute to congratulate Donald Trump on his victory, during a reception of foreign delegates in the Kremlin.  


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
7441,Fake News: CNN’s Zucker Claims Network’s Credibility ’Higher Than Ever’ - Breitbart,"In an interview with Gabriel Sherman at New York Magazine, CNN President Jeff Zucker claimed that his network’s credibility is “higher than ever” at a time when it is under fire for partisan and dishonest reporting, adding that it would be a “mistake” for the incoming Trump administration to have an adversarial relationship with CNN. [Asked whether he was concerned about the network’s ongoing access to Donald Trump and the new administration, Zucker said it “doesn’t worry [him] that Donald Trump has not done an interview with the network in eight months. ”  “I think our credibility is higher than ever, and our viewership is higher than ever, and our reporting is as strong as ever,” he continued. “The perception of Donald Trump in capitals around the world is shaped, in many ways, by CNN. Continuing to have an adversarial relationship with that network is a mistake,” he continued. Zucker’s comments come at a time when his network’s credibility is under intense scrutiny. Last week, CNN was at the centre of a fake news controversy after it reported on an unverified document, originally published by BuzzFeed, suggesting that Donald Trump had deep ties to the Russian government. At his first press conference since his election, Trump refused to take a question from a CNN reporter, saying that his network had been propagating “fake news. ” In the runup to November’s presidential election, information released by Wikileaks showed the network consistently attempting to help Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential campaign. Examples of this included the network asking senior Democrats to draft questions for interviews with Republican candidates, as well as evidence that DNC Chair Donna Brazile received questions prior to a Democratic primary debate, which she subsequently fed to Hillary Clinton. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
7442,There Is No One Right Way to Be an Activist,"There is no one right way to be an activist. There is no one right way to change the world. There is no one right philosophy of leftist politics. There is no one right reaction to the election. There is no one right solution to the massive problems we're facing. 
That list is just for us, because this toxic ""one right way"" meme is burrowed deep into the left subconscious as much as the ""one right way"" meme has burrowed into the rest of our culture, and those we call our enemies. The left's version is far less destructive than the way it manifests in the right, but it is there nonetheless, causing all sorts of suffering among ourselves, and scaring away many who might join our cause. 
Very few people are aware that our entire culture is guided by this invisible cultural meme, but make no mistake - the idea that there is ""one right way and my way is it"" is perhaps the most deadly and toxic meme in our entire culture, and if we ever want to stop reproducing the systems of oppression we are fighting against, we must weed out this idea within ourselves. 
Fortunately, once you see it, you can't unsee it, so let me give just a handful of examples. 
In our, the dominant, culture (which began 10,000 years ago and grew to dominate the entire planet, save for the few indigenous societies which have managed to survive thousands of years of colonialism, assimilation, and destruction): 
There is one right economic system. There is one right religion. There is one right country. There is one right political party. There is one right sexual orientation. There is one superior gender. There is one superior race. There is one superior language. There is one superior form of civilization. 
All of these are subsets of the one meta-meme to rule them all: 
There is one right way to live, and our way is it. 
No doubt we can trace the vast majority of death, colonialization, conquest, war, genocide, discrimination and suffering in the entire history of our culture (which began roughly 10,000 years ago) to this belief in the ""one right way."" 
Capitalism, religious persecution, white supremacy, patriarchy - they are all symptoms of a dominating way of life that seeks to homogenize the great diversity of the world, creating a planet where one way of life reigns supreme. 
Trump and the authoritarian right, in the coming years, will be doing their best to force their way onto the rest of the world. We must resist this homogenization, but while we are doing it, we must not also do this to each other, on a smaller scale. 
The ""one right way"" meme is a killer, that much should be clear. If we strive to be more than the mirror reflection of those we are fighting against, let us agree to not bring the ""one right way"" meme into our own discussions, politics, and organizing. 
The antidote to a toxic, deadly meme is a more compelling and truthful meme, which is rooted in the natural laws of the universe. 
Daniel Quinn, to which I owe the inspiration for all of the above, said it best. 
That alternative meme is this: 
There is no one right way to live. There never has, and never will be. 
There are thousands of ways to live that work well for its members, and there are many ways that don't work (we've been trying one that doesn't work for 10,000 years, which has almost brought our species to extinction in the blink of a geological eye). 
Let's fight for a world where thousands of diverse ways of living and being can co-exist. This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 0.0 ·",0
7443,7 Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff defendants acquitted in Oregon,"VIDEOS 7 Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff defendants acquitted in Oregon The federal trial of 7 Malheur Wildlife Refuge occupiers has come to an end and the verdict is in October 28, 2016 Via Pete Santilli/LiveStream 
PORTLAND (INTELLIHUB) — Seven brave individuals who occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last winter in protest of the Bureau of Land Management’s treatment of the Hammond Family were acquitted of conspiracy charges Thursday as supporters cheered outside the courthouse. 
Ammon Bundy, Shawna Cox, David Lee Fry, Jeff Wayne Banta, Neil Wampler and Kenneth Medenbach were found not guilty on all counts, however the court could not reach a verdict on Ryan Bundy regarding a theft charge. 
The group’s leader Ammon Bundy will remain in custody to later stand trial for another high-profile standoff which took place at the Bundy Ranch in Nevada where members of militia and the BLM pointed loaded rifles at each other. 
Ammon’s attorney Marcus Mumford was tased in the courtroom then detained, following a small protest where he demanded that his client be set free, but U.S. District Court Judge Anna Brown said Ammon needed to be held by federal marshals until the Nevada trial. 
Oregon Governor Kate Brown (D), who ordered the FBI to act swiftly during the occupation, was not happy with the verdict, nor were other corrupt local officials, like Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward who violated the U.S. Constitution during the occupation. 
Shockingly, this case is a major victory for ranchers and Americans in general who surprisingly may still have rights. 
Brian Cavalier, Ammon’s personal bodyguard, was sentenced earlier in the week to time served, 9 months, “but remains under a U.S. Marshals Service hold, and is expected to be transferred to Nevada, where he faces another federal indictment stemming from the 2014 armed standoff with federal agents outside controversial rancher Cliven Bundy’s ranch near Bunkerville, Nevada,” according to a report by OregonLive.com. 
Intellihub broadcast hours of the FBI’s siege on the final four occupiers live, before and during their surrender, which you can find here . 
You can read more about the Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff here . 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep’s World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter .",0
7444,"Cubs, Trump, Mosul: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The contentious presidential election is fracturing the Republican Party. House Speaker Paul Ryan, who broke with Donald Trump earlier this month, could face a postelection revolt. “You can’t ignore what millions and millions of people have expressed in this election cycle,” one Republican representative said, warning party leaders to proceed cautiously on trade and immigration. A new poll found that Hillary Clinton has strengthened her position with younger voters. And she turned 69. ____ 2. Mr. Trump held a   at his newest luxury hotel, near the White House in Washington. It was the latest in a series of promotional events he’s dragged reporters to in recent days, even as his poll numbers have fallen. He also praised Newt Gingrich, a day after Mr. Gingrich accused Megyn Kelly of Fox News of being “fascinated with sex” when she grilled him about Mr. Trump’s treatment of women. A man with a sledgehammer and a pickax smashed Mr. Trump’s star on Hollywood Boulevard, above, saying he wanted to sell it and donate the proceeds to Mr. Trump’s accusers. ____ 3. The Pentagon said it would stop trying to claw back money it overpaid to thousands of California National Guard soldiers  —   at least for now. A report in the The Los Angeles Times over the weekend about the hardships the soldiers are facing  —   some owing tens of thousands of dollars  —   provoked broad criticism from lawmakers and veterans. Above, Robert D’Andrea, a retired Army major, was told to return a $20, 000 bonus. ____ 4. President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines wants to oust American troops from his country. Speaking in Tokyo, he said he was willing to revoke or renegotiate the agreement that lets the Pentagon use five military bases there. Distancing the Philippines from the U. S. would please China. ____ 5. “Incredibly lucky. ” That was our photographer, who was covering Iraqi forces’ push toward Mosul when his convoy was hit by a suicide car bomb. His account, with photos and videos, takes you to the front lines of the fight against the Islamic State. ____ 6. H. I. V. arrived in the U. S. long before “Patient Zero. ” A new genetic analysis exonerates a French Canadian flight attendant who had been blamed for bringing the virus into the country. Above, an AIDS patient in 1987. ____ 7. The Chicago Cubs defeated the Cleveland Indians,   to tie up the World Series at one game apiece. Neither team has won the Series in decades. Our columnist is delving into Indians history, taking their train route home from Boston in 1948, when they celebrated their last title. Above, nuns got some batting tips from Indians outfielder Rocky Colavito in 1959. ____ 8. Patton Oswalt, the comedian known for TV and film roles, including “The King of Queens,” was crushed by the sudden death of his wife, the true crime writer Michelle McNamara. In one of our   articles today, he talks about trying to cope and how   is the one thing that helps. Going onstage, he said, was “a rebuke to grief, an acceptance of the messiness of life. I’ll never be at 100 percent again, but that won’t stop me from living this. ” ____ 9. You may know the Afghan woman arrested in Pakistan, accused of trying to obtain illegal identity cards. Sharbat Gula, above, became a symbol of her country’s refugee crisis in the 1980s, when her piercing green eyes peered from the cover of National Geographic. Her arrest goes to the heart of an ordeal confronting many Afghan refugees who fled to Pakistan because of decades of war. ____ 10. Finally, rainbow sprinkles are back. One Instagram picture at a time, they invaded cookies and waffles, then cocktails and croissants, and finally, as a design motif, phone cases, scented candles and   nails. “They’re just so photogenic,” said a young pastry chef. “They make anything look festive. ” ____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
7445,There’s A Reason Why Pizzas Have That Plastic Table In The Middle And It Makes Total Sense,"Many Women Suffer From Fungal Infections And They Can Cure Them At Home Ξ [November 1, 2016] BLOG There’s A Reason Why Pizzas Have That Plastic Table In The Middle And It Makes Total Sense posted by Eddie f you’re human and not a fun hating robot, than you likely enjoy having a delicious pizza delivered right to your door. However, when you open the box, you’ve probably noticed that plastic, tripod looking thing stuck in the middle of your pie. And while you’re likely used to throwing it away by now without giving it a second thought, have you ever wondered what it’s for? Well, as it turns out it’s actually for a very useful purpose and not some free doll sized patio furniture tie-in. The device, which has been called a ‘pizza saver,’ was invented by Carmela Vitale of Dix Hills, New York. Vitale filed the patent on February 10th 1983 and was issued one on February 12th, 1985. Carmela still lives in New York state as a local Councillor. The ‘pizza saver’s’ invention is all based around the science behind pizza boxes. Pizzas are often placed in corrugated cardboard boxes which keeps them warm due to insulation. However, the boxes come with one fatal flaw, the steam created by the pizza can make it soggy. That’s where the pizza saver comes in. When the box becomes soggy, the center tends to touch down on the pizza, becoming stuck to the cheese. This can cost your pizza some precious cheese which as we all know, is a definite no no when it comes to pizza consumption. However, by placing the pizza saver in the center of a pie, the plastic topper prevents the box from touching down on the pizza, allowing us to enjoy every last bite. Source:",0
7446,Review: ‘Kong: Skull Island’ Crosses a 1933 Classic With ‘Apocalypse Now’ - The New York Times,"You can’t keep a good monster down, especially in Hollywood. After years in storage, the mighty ape with the big teeth and the thing for pale blondes has been dusted off and digitally turbocharged for “Kong: Skull Island. ” Once again, a lot of the noise and action involve guns, monsters and crashing jungle chases, but the most promising moments involve King Kong and the really little lady he unexpectedly meets. In the past, their brief encounter made for some strange moments, none weirder than in the original 1933 film when Kong pauses while undressing his human doll to smell his fingers. It was beauty that killed the beast, or so it has been repeatedly claimed. In 1933 it was Fay Wray’s scantily clad beauty who took the rap for bringing Kong down off the top of the Empire State Building. (Fighter planes with machines guns helped.) By 1976, the   relationship had grown rather more complicated, and Jessica Lange was weepily begging Kong to hold onto her. In the 2005 redo it was Naomi Watts’s turn to shed tears for him. In “Kong: Skull Island,” the big guy has a new look and a new gal pal, Mason Weaver (Brie Larson) who’s somewhat feistier and certainly more sensibly dressed than her predecessors. She points and she shoots, and not just her camera. “Skull Island” pretty much exhumes the same story conceived for the 1933 classic. This time, the adventurers include a group of   scientists run by Bill Randa (John Goodman) who has his glinting eyes on a mysterious, seemingly unexplored island. Mysteries were made for solving, and this island, Randa reasons, may contain all manner of wonders, or perhaps something beyond human imagining. So, with a military unit led by Lt. Col. Preston Packard (Samuel L. Jackson) the scientists ship out, accompanied by Mason, a   war photographer who’s soon trading barbs and looks with the world’s prettiest mercenary, James Conrad (Tom Hiddleston). The filmmakers fold a lot of moody detail into the introductions, including real locations and the fog of war: The story takes place in 1973 and the movie was primarily shot in Vietnam. (It was directed by Jordan   from a script by Dan Gilroy, Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly.) If the sweat, bantering grunts and teeming bars feel borrowed from innumerable other movies, they are also mostly on hand to get the story up and the characters running, which happens once the travelers pierce the thick clouds surrounding Skull Island. There, they meet the enemy and the enemy is  —   surprise  —   us, although there are plenty of digital terrors red in tooth and claw. Over the years, critics have pushed and pulled at “King Kong,” denouncing its representation of the islanders (played by black actors in the 1933 film) and reading it metaphorically through black masculinity and white femininity. Later Kong movies have tried to sidestep criticism by changing the representation of the islanders while leaving beauty and the beast intact. Yet even as “Skull Island” avoids some stereotypes, it embraces others, partly through a struggle that pits a pathological black character against a pair of white saviors. Kong, meanwhile, at times feels sidelined, brought out every so often to wreak havoc and briefly exchange soulful looks with Mason. “Skull Island” has momentum, polish and behemoths that slither and thunder. The sets and creature designs are often beautifully filigreed, but the larger picture remains murky. Backed by government and guns, the scientists prove to be colonialists by another name, an idea that the filmmakers bat around a bit, including in allusions to Joseph Conrad’s novella “Heart of Darkness. ” These references pad “Skull Island,” giving audiences (and critics) something to chew on and help explain the repeated,   nods to “Apocalypse Now,” Francis Ford Coppola’s 1979   retelling of the Conrad novel: the fireball sun, the military helicopters in formation and even a napalm attack. If that weren’t enough, there’s also a Dennis   character right out of “Apocalypse Now,” a loopy, grizzled survivor named Hank Marlow who is played by John C. Reilly in charming crazy mode (the narrator in “Heart of Darkness is also a Marlow). Marlow pops up after Kong makes his star entrance swatting down helicopters and scattering survivors. Far larger than his forebears, Kong looks as big as a mountain here. Supersizing is a default mode of the contemporary blockbuster, but in this case a   Kong may have something to do with his role in an evolving studio franchise featuring monsters (a. k. a. MonsterVerse) that kicked off with the 2014 “Godzilla. ” If all goes according to corporate plan, Kong will be slugging it out with Godzilla soon enough. That doubtless excites studio executives and some fans, but the promise of a return engagement drains much of the pathos from Kong. In many ways “Skull Island” looks and plays like its antecedents, despite the cosmetic tweaks, digital effects and attempts at inclusive casting. Like those earlier films, it too asks the critical question in many such tales  —   “Mirror, mirror on the wall, who’s the most monstrous of them all?”  —   through an ape who, because he’s a close relative, turns our gaze back on ourselves. Kong is the beast we know, the beast we deny, the beast we fear, the beast we kill. Here, though, Kong is no longer the beast we love, the tragic   who, if he didn’t always win the affections of his prisoners, achieved immortality by seducing viewers. “Skull Island” is adept at goosing you it deploys   feints and   frights capably amid its clichés and deaths. Every so often it also pauses and allows Kong and Mason to move you. As each recognizes the other, they bridge the divide, but perhaps because their relationship is more empathetic than romantic, these encounters don’t have the resonance they should. Alas, beauty no longer has her beast, the beast no longer has his beauty and this darkness has no heart even if it will have a sequel.",0
7447,The Power Path – New Moon Update 10-30-16,"Written by Patricia Liles. Contact her at 
SCORPIO NEW MOON 
Sun and Moon in Scorpio ~ 8º 
Sunday, Oct. 30, 11:38 AM Mountain Daylight Time 
(October 30, 2016, 5:38 PM Greenwich Mean Time) 
A powerful turning of the seasons in the Northern Hemisphere as the Sun begins to favor the southern latitudes. We feel the power of completion as the cycle of harvest comes to an abundant end, and we celebrate Samhain – the sacred midpoint between fall and winter. The howling voice of the winds begins to blow away the leaves, and we take seriously the lessons of letting go of all that is old and come to completion. 
Scorpio, the fixed, power sign for water, plunges us into the cycle of death, regeneration and rebirth. We, along with the trees, animals, plants, begin to draw our sap inward to sustain us through the challenges of winter. Scorpio helps us align with the Dark, to commune with the hidden mysteries within us – the unformed, the unspoken. As the days darken, we rejoice in the cackle of getting our inner witch on and playing in the ever more accessible realms of the invisible worlds. Scorpio is a reminder that our galaxy is predominately dark matter, that there is more mystery than reality by far and that we haven’t a clue of how to explain, measure or own it. 
The Scorpio archetype is The Healer, The Shaman/Curandera, The Alchemist. The water element of Scorpio gives a feeling nature of great depth and strong passionate emotion and intensity. Coming after Libra, the sign of the partner, this emotional sign brings sexuality, desire and magnetism to the zodiac. Scorpio rules the reproduction and elimination organs of the body. The tantric energy that Scorpio can embody so fully teaches how to hold our power and bring it through the lower chakras and into the heart and beyond mastering the art of being fully present, surrendered and aware. Scorpio’s symbols of the eagle who sees from high above the fray and the mythical Phoenix that rises from its own ashes are clues to Scorpio’s strengths ~ the ability to see the psychological motivations at play and the ability to re-create, rebirth, and rejuvenate from their own symbolic deaths. Scorpio’s magnificence can be seen in crisis where their power held in reserve is suddenly available to care for those in need. 
Scorpio has dominion over the eighth house that rules other people’s money, shared resources, debt, taxes, inheritance, and money gained through your passion. Contemplate your debts – energetic and monetary. Are you creating power energy leaks with debt? Are you handling other people’s resources with integrity? 
We find the Sun and Moon in Scorpio aligned with Mercury in the New Moon chart. Mercury, the Messenger, rules how we think, communicate, network ideas, perceive patterns, and how we share all the info we gather. Mercury is considered neutral and androgynous energy. Mercury in Scorpio is willing to go deep and bring the uncomfortable and unseen to the table; it also gives us the power to speak what has gone unspoken or speak our truth with power and conviction. 
The Sun/Moon/Mercury are trined to Neptune in Pisces, so we have a wide-open channel to lift our perceptions and communications to an open and accepting frequency with others. When we release our secrets, burdens, and grudges, our spirits can soar and our hearts open, and it gives Spirit more room to work through our lives. Neptune/Mercury magnified by the Sun and Moon increases our intuition, imagination, psychic and musical abilities. Neptune is also conjoined to the South Node, so the work of opening, surrendering, and transcending is trying to confer the gift of forgiving what has gone before and to teach the practice of living in just this moment with great trust and without fear and worry. The gift of the water elementals-Scorpio, Pisces-are ours for the asking. Neptune goes direct on Nov 19 and is extremely powerful and concentrated as it’s virtually at standstill now. 
Pluto is the modern ruler of Scorpio and Mars is the traditional ruler. They are close in the sky now. Pluto in Capricorn is slowly (2008-2024) eliminating and transforming the shadow aspects of the patriarchy, authority, of government, corporations, financial institutions. It hasn’t been pretty. Mars, on the other hand (also in Capricorn), is squaring (crisis) the radical duo of Eris and Uranus. Yikes! Pluto/Mars is fully empowering the righteous rage of the feminine warrior, Eris, to bring the long festering wounds/suppressed voice of the feminine forward whether in the form of the indigenous, the enslaved, the disrespected, or the disenfranchised. Something that is apparent in the healing work I do is how the wounding through invalidation or abuse of the second chakra, a seat of the emotions, sexuality and desire nature (Scorpio), cause the chakra to be defended and shut down and consequently render the third chakra of personal will/power impotent. That loss of energy also manifests as the loss of the voice in the fifth chakra, because it has no support from the lower chakras and results in the inability to speak one’s truth or to be heard, to express oneself fully. Taurus, the opposite sign of Scorpio rules the throat/voice. They are linked. We see the dynamic played out collectively at this time, too, with the exposure of so called ‘locker room’ talk and the impassioned speech by Michelle Obama embodying the righteous feminine warrior declaring this archaic rhetoric/behavior no longer acceptable. As the emotional body of the feminine is opened, healing results and balance can be restored to the miraculously self-healing and evolving beings that we are. 
As we cross this powerful threshold leading to the still point of winter (or the radiance of summer), take time to sit in the dark with candlelight and listen for the messages, signs and insights from the other worlds during this weekend of Halloween, Samhain/Hallowmas. Throw everything into the fire that no longer serves you. Honor your ancestors and their dreams. Use your power for healing work, and begin to vision what you want to grow when the light begins to increase again in the New Year after Winter Solstice. 
All Times are in Mountain Standard Time (MST) 
11/06 Daylight Savings Time Ends USA 
11/14 Taurus Full Moon 22º 6:52 AM MST 
11/21 Sun enters Sagittarius 2:22 PM MST 
11/29 Sagittarius New Moon 8º 5:19 AM MST 
Written by Patricia Liles. Contact her at 
© All rights reserved. www.thepowerpath.com 
You may make copies of this writing and distribute it in any media you wish so long as you do not charge for it or alter it in any way. You must credit the author and include this entire copyright notice. While the text may be shared, no audio files including lectures, music and/or sound meditations may be posted on any site for any reason without written permission from the Power Path. Share: Rate:",0
7448,Turkish Disinfo: Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey,"  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Turkish Disinfo: Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey By Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016 Turkish map showing the planned annexation of northern Syrian and Iraq including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo [Editor’s note: This story is deliberate disinfo put out by a newspaper that is controlled by the Turkish government and functions as a mouthpiece for their propaganda and disinfo. The claim that Daesh is to target Turkey is nonsense, the goal of this story is to give Turkey an excuse for further military action in Syria and Iraq, they can simply use the excuse that they are attacking Daesh in response to Al-Baghdadi’s call for attacks on Turkey. Turkey aims to seize large portions of Syrian and Iraqi territory including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo, they are planning to move on Kurdish held Manbij shortly and have been massing forces on their side of the border in preparation for further offensive moves. The big question is why the US and Russia are remaining silent on the matter of Turkish military adventurism aimed at annexation of Syrian and Iraqi territory in order to create what Davutoglu calls ‘Lebensraum’ for the Turkish people, part of a plan to restore the Ottoman empire. Ian] Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey 
The Daesh terrorist group’s leader   who is currently believed to be in Mosul, called on his supporters to take the battle to Turkey and carry out attacks in the country. Baghdadi’s call, which was released in a voice recording on Thursday, is the first message he issued after Iraqi forces backed by the U.S. launched an offensive in Mosul to take the city back from the terrorists. 
In the 31-minute-long recording, Baghdadi expressed confidence that Daesh will be victorious in Mosul, and told his followers to invade Turkey. 
“Unleash the fire of your anger on Turkish troops in Syria” the terrorist leader said and added: 
“Turkey today entered your range of action and the aim of your struggle … invade it and turn its safety into fear.” 
Baghdadi claimed that Turkey is cooperating with Atheists, therefore deserves to be attacked and targeted. 
He also urged Daesh terrorist fighters to target security forces, members of the ruling Al Saud monarch and media outlets in Saudi Arabia and launch simultaneous attacks, as he claimed they were also cooperating with ‘infidel nations’ in Syria and Iraq. 
With a population of over 1.5 million people, Mosul stands as a bastion of the terrorist group. 
Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield in late August to clear Syria’s northern border area of terrorists. The Free Syrian Army (FSA) units backed by Turkish forces were able to liberate Jarablus and more than 32 villages west of the Euphrates River following Turkey’s operation. 
In December 2015, Daesh released a video urging the conquest of Istanbul and Turkey and called President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan ‘Satan,’ while harshly criticizing him for supporting the U.S.-led coalition against the terrorists. 
In its determined fight against the terrorists, Turkey has prevented the entry of over 52,075 people from entering the country and detained thousands of Daesh suspects, since the start of 2016, according to Interior Ministry figures. Moreover, since 2011, Turkey has deported more than 3,290 foreign terrorist fighters from 95 countries and refused entry to more than 38,269 individuals in its fight against Daesh, which counts the Muslim-majority country as an enemy. 
Daesh terrorists frequently target Turkey, which has recognized it as a terrorist group in October 2013. It is responsible for a string of terror attacks in Ankara and Istanbul, as well as cross-border fire from Syria that has killed a number of residents in Turkish border towns over the last year. Related Posts:",0
7449,A Nation in Mourning: Images of Cuba After Fidel Castro - The New York Times,"Cuba declared nine days of mourning after Fidel Castro’s death, a period that will culminate in his funeral on Sunday. Photographers for The New York Times crossed the nation to capture the mood of Cubans grappling with life without him. Havana, by nature, is a noisy place. Honking, chatter and pulsing music are just three strands of the city’s braided soundtrack. But the death of Mr. Castro brought an eerie silence. The government banned drinking, partying and loud music, leaving the city on mute, bereft of its melody and verve. For many Cubans, the death of Mr. Castro felt like that of a father  —   one with whom they had a complicated relationship. In his nearly 50 years leading the nation, he brought much to Cuba, including free health care and education, but he also oversaw economic deprivation and stifled freedom. The contradiction of Mr. Castro’s Cuba persisted in his passing. Across the generations, there were tears and genuine sorrow. Others hardly mourned at all, keeping quiet all the same, out of fear, respect or a sense of social obligation. In death, as in life, Mr. Castro demanded reverence. On Wednesday, Mr. Castro’s ashes were taken into the countryside, on a route that retraced, in reverse, the steps of the revolution he led in 1959. Towns and villages along the route were emptied of residents as caravans of flatbed trucks carted thousands to catch a glimpse of Mr. Castro’s remains. The residents rose before dawn and retired after dark, forming surreal lines of order. Their faces were fixed in reverence. In rural Cuba, there was no trace of the cynicism or state pressure that was on display in Havana. The revolution delivered to the rural poor the benefits of cities, like doctors and teachers. Schoolgirls and weathered farmers shared an unscripted devotion born of admiration for Mr. Castro’s ideals and values, and for the   he gave his people. On Saturday, in Revolution Plaza in Santiago de Cuba, where his revolution began, the ambience was one of genuine warmth. People were enjoying one another, their friends and families, a human connection that predated the distraction of selfies and social media. A distinctly Cuban togetherness unbroken by technology. Mr. Castro was buried in the city Sunday morning, the revolutionary interred in the heartland of his revolution. Compatriots from his earliest days hobbled to attend, as did students, soldiers and officials. As the procession finished the final mile from the plaza to the cemetery, a stillness presided over the crowd. But the refrain of the journey was the same. What had been carried in the chants of Cubans and on their shirts and banners now emerged without a word: Yo Soy Fidel.",0
7450,Uncertainty Over New Chinese Law Rattles Foreign Nonprofits - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   The hotline rings, but nobody answers. China’s Ministry of Public Security opened the line last month to answer questions about the new law regulating foreign nonprofit organizations, which takes effect on Sunday. But this week and last, calls went unanswered, exemplifying the uncertainty that still surrounds the law, raising concern among thousands of nongovernmental organizations about their ability to continue their work in the new year. The law, which places a raft of new requirements on foreign nonprofits operating in China, is another building block in President Xi Jinping’s fortification of   rule, which he sees as threatened by foreign influence and unfettered civil society. Under the law, foreign nonprofits such as foundations, charities and many business associations must register with the police, persuade state agencies and organizations to act as their sponsors, and submit regular, detailed reports on their activities. According to an official estimate, there are 7, 000 foreign nongovernmental organizations in China. They range from   institutions like the Ford Foundation and Oxfam to groups of a few people working on issues like rural education, nature conservation and health care. But groups working on politically sensitive issues like human rights, legal reform and the rule of law, or those concerning ethnic minorities, are seen as most at risk. Some foreign organizations have already pulled back. The American Bar Association, which has a program providing training and support to strengthen the rule of law, recently closed its Beijing office until it could gain formal approval for its work. Elizabeth Andersen, the association’s associate executive director, cited the “heightened scrutiny of foreign organizations working in China and the uncertainties and lack of information surrounding how the new law will be implemented. ” But the uncertainty has also unsettled groups far removed from political concerns. Numerous aspects of the law remain opaque, and many groups are anxious about the vagueness and expense of the new requirements, while some fear their work will be curtailed or even banned. “Nothing’s clear,” said Corinne Richeux Hua, executive director of Stepping Stones, a locally registered charity in Shanghai that organizes English teachers for children from the countryside. “We’ve got vague directives and guidelines. ” The local police, with whom her group must now register, had been helpful, but “they are still figuring it,” she said. “The rules haven’t been made completely clear to them yet. ” Ambiguity about how the law will be enforced is likely to make foreign groups extra cautious, and the Ministry of Public Security, which administers the law, “has every incentive to maintain uncertainty,” said Jessica C. Teets, a political scientist at Middlebury College in Vermont who studies nongovernmental organizations in China. “This will mean that the government is able to more closely monitor the foreign NGOs, and, more importantly, the Chinese citizens working and interacting with them, while allowing them to continue the work that the government deems beneficial,” Ms. Teets said by email. “The NGOs have every right to fear the closing off of space for advocacy and programs, but I think the impact will be really differentiated. ” Indeed, a Ministry of Public Security official told diplomats in Shanghai last month that “the Chinese government will continue welcoming and supporting foreign nongovernmental organizations coming to China. ” After Deng Xiaoping opened up China in the 1980s, foreign foundations, associations and charities became important channels for sharing money, ideas and inspiration. Officials often welcomed their help, especially in poorer parts of the country, even though the rules governing their status were murky. But certain kinds of organizations, especially those that work in law and contentious social issues, have garnered distrust. Through the new law, the government wants to narrow permissible activities of foreign groups and monitor their work much more thoroughly. A list of permitted categories of assistance issued last week suggested that foreign groups offering technical help on environmental, health and other relatively uncontroversial issues had strong chances of gaining approval. Those working on legal issues will have a much narrower foothold. “Human rights,” for example, is not on the list of permitted issues. “Rather than seeing foreign NGOs as potential partners who can help aid in economic, social and legal development in China, instead they see a latent threat that needs to be controlled,” said Thomas Kellogg, the East Asia director of the Open Society Foundations, which has financed some work in China. “People on the international side are definitely worried. And well they should be. I think it will be difficult for many foreign NGOs working on legal reform to register. For those that are able to register, the law will likely restrict what they are able to do. ” Even before the new law, combative rights lawyers and advocates, feminists and labor activists have come under Mr. Xi’s heavy grip. Peter Dahlin, a Swedish citizen in Beijing, was arrested, forced to apologize on television and expelled from China early this year for working for an unregistered group that did   advocacy for legal rights. The party sees groups like his as potential Trojan horses of political subversion. A propaganda video promoted by public security agencies this month warned that   forces were “using foreign nongovernmental organizations to nurture ‘proxies’ and to establish a social basis” for insurrection. The groups’ worries have been compounded by confusion about many requirements, the belated release of crucial rules, and signs that public security bureaus are poorly prepared for their new role. But it is not just activists and charities who are concerned. The opaque rules mean that organizations such as business groups, universities and education programs that seemingly pose no political threat are also unclear whether they must register for some of their activities. “Business and trade associations, civil society, environmental groups and educational institutions that are concerned about how their operations in China may be affected” have met with American diplomats to discuss the law, said Mary Beth Polley, a spokeswoman for the American Embassy in Beijing. “We remain deeply concerned about the uncertainties and potentially hostile environment for foreign nonprofit, nongovernment organizations and their Chinese partners that this law creates,” she said. Foreign organizations working in China have long had to seek out domestic agencies or organizations to act as their sponsors. But the new law narrows the list of permissible sponsors, and those permitted may be reluctant to take on the risk of vouching for foreign groups, or feel they do not have the personnel available for the task. “Who wants to assume this burden?” asks Lester Ross, a partner in the Beijing office of the WilmerHale law firm who has been advising companies and organizations on the new law. “I think there’s a real issue of capacity. The NGO community serves as an important ballast for relationships, and if this is mishandled, it won’t help. ” While some foreign organizations are resigned to months of uncertainty, some said they would keep working full time in the country, confident that public security offices will let them stay open while the registration is ironed out. Several American trade associations said they thought they would be allowed to stay, and some groups said they looked forward to gaining official status under the new rules. “We see these new regulations as a pretty positive thing for us,” said Steve Blake, the acting chief representative in Beijing of WildAid, which works with the Chinese government to fight illegal trading in wildlife. “We have a big presence here, but we’ve never been completely officially on the books. ” But organizations working on legal issues or social problems said they were unsure of their futures and may face hard choices. Registration may mean sacrificing autonomy, but the alternative may be abandoning people in China who need their help, said Mr. Kellogg of the Open Society Foundations. “I would urge foreign NGOs to adopt a    attitude before they make any final decisions about either registering or pulling out of China,” he said. “Once there is more clarity about how the law will be enforced, it will be at least a bit easier to come up with mitigation strategies. ”",0
7451,"OCTOBER DIARY: Borjas No Bore; NOSTAR—”No Such Thing As Race”, Etc","  => Professor George Borjas at Harvard. Credit: VDare.com. 
Borjas no bore . October 20th I went to an event organized by the Center for Immigration Studies to hear Professor George Borjas present his new book, We Wanted Workers . Borjas explains the title in his Introduction: 
Reflecting on the European experience with the millions of guest workers [from the 1950s onwards], the Swiss playwright and novelist Max Frisch made perhaps the single most insightful observation about immigration when he quipped: “We wanted workers, but we got people instead.” 
(In a footnote, Borjas gives us the German original: “ Wir riefen Arbeitskräfte, es kamen Menschen .”) 
Borjas is a lively and engaging speaker. I bought a copy of his book, and stood on line to have him sign it. When I got to him, he immediately recognized me from a chance encounter eight years ago, which I had completely forgotten. 
That was of course embarrassing, with a line of secondary emotions coming along behind the embarrassment: gratification (How nice that a bigfoot researcher, a Harvard professor, remembers me after so many years!); annoyance (If he can remember an obscure opinionator, why can’t I remember a serious and important scholar, working in a field that I often write about?); to anxiety (Am I losing my marbles? He’s only five years younger than me …) 
I recommend the book in any case; and I further recommend Borjas in person, if you get a chance to see him speak. I only regret that he is, to borrow Dr Johnson’s self-description , “a retired and uncourtly scholar,” with no taste at all — with, in fact, I think, a strong dis -taste — for political contention. 
Borjas lays out a solid, factual, quantitative basis for the kinds of arguments we make here, with gentlemanly good humor and scholarly rigor. I’d love to see him make his case in argument with the open borders shills, on TV talking-head shows or the campaign trail … but that’s not his choice. 
All strength to Prof Borjas anyway, and all success to his new book. 
Permalink 
Two essays on race . This month produced two notable essays dealing with race. One was notable for dishonesty and incoherence; the other for its clarity and straightforward good sense. 
The dishonesty and incoherence was of course in defense of the No Such Thing As Race dogma, hereinunder NOSTAR. 
NOSTAR is a key axiom in our state ideology. It is, however, so contrary to everyday experience, common sense, and elementary biology that media outlets feel obliged to publish stern affirmations of it from time to time, rather as state newspapers in communist countries used to publish long editorials, for use in study sessions by the Party faithful, affirming the infallibility of Marxist-Leninism. 
(The outstanding exhibit here, according to sinologist Simon Leys , was an editorial in the Peking People’s Daily at the time of the Lin Biao affair in 1971 , instructing readers that extreme leftism was a right-wing deviation.) 
So here was science journalist Faye Flam [ ] laying down the Party line at Bloomberg News, October 3rd. 
Race is perhaps the worst idea ever to come out of science. [ Science’s Biggest Blunder by Faye Flam; Bloomberg News , October 3rd 2016.] 
Really? Worse than phlogiston ? Worse than spontaneous generation ? Worse than the luminiferous ether ? 
“We never use the term ‘race,’” said Harvard geneticist Swapan Mallick, an author on one of the papers revealing the latest DNA-based human story. 
So what term do Dr Mallick and his colleagues use when discussing l ocal common-ancestry variations within a species? If “race” was good enough for Darwin , why isn’t it good enough for him? 
“We’re all part of the tapestry of humanity, and it’s interesting to see how we got where we are.” 
Indeed we are, and indeed it is. It is equally true, though, that we are all part of the tapestry of the genus Homo , of the family Hominidae , of the order Primates , of the class Mammalia , of the the phylum Chordata , of the Animal Kingdom . All of that is pretty interesting, too. What’s your point? ORDER IT NOW 
One of the world’s most prominent American scientists of the mid-1800s, Samuel Morton, collected skulls from all over the world and attempted to demonstrate that those of European ancestry had the world’s biggest heads and were, so he claimed, intellectually superior. 
Except that “there is no evidence that Morton believed this or was trying to prove it.” [ Scientists Measure the Accuracy of a Racism Claim by Nicholas Wade; New York Times , June 13, 2011] 
Scientists subsequently realized that Morton was wrong — about whose heads were biggest and the connection between head size and intelligence. 
Leaving aside the fact that Morton was not much interested in such a connection, brain size (which correlates with head size) does correlate with intelligence. [ Neuroanatomical Correlates of Intelligence by E. Luders, K.K. Narr, P.M. Thompson, and A.W. Toga; National Institutes of Health, 2009.] 
[Geneticist Joseph] Graves sometimes quizzes his students by showing them an image of a man and asking them to guess where he comes from. It appears to show someone most Americans would identify as a black man, and Graves says people assume he’s from Africa or an African American community in the U.S. But he’s from the Solomon Islands, which are in the South Pacific. 
Are there really people who don’t know this sort of thing? Fifty years ago, in then-wellnigh-monoracial England, I attended classes at University College, London with a young man whose skin was black. He was from Burma. (I recall his name as Man Man Tin, although the internet records no trace of such a person. In those easy-going days, with no offense intended or taken — he was a cheerful and sociable fellow — we gave him the nickname Rin Tin Tin . That would have gotten us permanently rusticated nowadays.) 
And so on. It gets wearisome refuting this mendacious gibberish. 
How refreshing, then, a few days later, to see that Jared Taylor had posted the talk he gave to September’s press conference on the Alt Right . 
Given the loose nature of the movement [i.e. the Alt Right], there are people who consider themselves “Alt Right” but who disagree on one or more of these points — except one. The entire Alt Right is united in contempt for the idea that race is only a “social construct.” This is an idea that is so wrong and stupid that only very intelligent people can convince themselves it is true. 
Race is a biological fact. Does anyone think that the differences between Danes and Pygmies are a sociological illusion? … 
There are countless race differences in such things as skull structure, twinning rates, and susceptibility to disease. It is even possible to tell a person’s race from the varieties of bacteria that live in his mouth! 
Human races have been evolving separately for perhaps as long as 100,000 years, and evolution has marked their temperaments and mental abilities just as it has their physical characteristics. [ What is the Alt Right? by Jared Taylor; American Renaissance , October 11 2016.] 
Ah, the sweet clear wine of truth! 
Permalink 
Slow day at the Pentagon . The other zone of our social life in which state ideologues demand that we pretend to believe preposterous things is of course sex — or, as we are now supposed to say, “gender.” 
Most of the preposterous things they want us to pretend to believe are in aid of an assault on traditional concepts of manliness. It is therefore not surprising that a key target of the No Such Thing As Sex (NOSTAS) preposterentsia is the military. 
A friend with military connections passed on to me a document recently published by the Department of Defense. Title: Transgender Service in the U.S. Military: An Implementation Handbook . 
The wretched thing has seventy-two pages . Sample, from pages 60-61: 
Scenario 11: Use of Shower Facilities 
A transgender Service member has expressed privacy concerns regarding the open bay shower configuration. Similarly, several other non-transgender Service members have expressed discomfort when showering in these facilities with individuals who have different genitalia. 
Key takeaway(s) 
This scenario illustrates the importance of open lines of communication between the Service member and the commander. It also depicts steps a commander may take to permit privacy, based on Service policy. 
Service member responsibilities If you have any concerns about privacy in an open bay shower setting, you should discuss this with your chain of command. Consider altering your shower hours. 
Commander responsibilities 
You may employ reasonable accommodations when/if you have a Service member who voices concerns about privacy. This should be done with the intent of avoiding any stigmatizing impact to any Service member. If permitted by Service policies, some of these steps may include: Facility modifications, such as installing shower curtains and placing towel and clothing hooks inside individual shower stalls. In cases where accommodations are not practicable, you may authorize alternative measures to respect personal privacy, such as adjustments to timing of the use of shower or changing facilities Take proactive steps through the chain of command to ensure that expressions of discomfort don’t escalate into harassment or hazing. Consult the SCCC for guidance on how to institute such measures. 
I repeat, there are 72 pages of this. That’s more than half as many pages as the Seaman’s Pocket Book from which I learned all the essentials of service as a rating in the Royal Navy . 
Oh, and if you’re wondering what an SCCC is, it’s a Service Central Coordination Cell: basically an email address to which you can send queries about policy in your service. 
The SCCC e-address for the Army is . If you want to send frivolous or spoof questions to the Army, use that address. Don’t worry that you may be wasting their time; to judge by that 72-page handbook they’ve just put out on servicepersons confused about their sex, time is a thing they have plenty of in today’s military. 
Antarius, The Planet With 12 Sexes . On a related theme (I guess), Greg Cochran mused on how things might be if there were more than two human sexes. ORDER IT NOW 
Many species have several different kinds of males (a few have different kinds of females as well). For example, a lizard species in California has three different kinds of males — aggressive orange-throated guys that successfully dominate blue males, sneaky yellow guys that get past orange males guarding a big territory, and blue mate-guarding males (that are also cooperative — possibly a green-beard gene) that successful guard females from sneaky yellows. The population frequencies oscillate: scissors, paper, rock. [ The Third Sex by Greg Cochran; West Hunter blog, October 26th 2016.] 
I’m sorry to say that what this brought to my mind was one of Ed Subitzky’s cartoons from the glory days of National Lampoon forty years ago. Title: “ Saturday night on Antarius (The planet with 12 different sexes ) .” 
I think I’ll send that link to the SCCCs for all the different services. You never know; we may find ourselves at war with Antarius one of these days. 
Permalink 
Does he bill his patients via the web? Just one more on the (approximately) medical beat. 
My better half works in Medical Billing, arguing over the phone all day long with doctors, hospitals, patients, and insurance companies. 
The other day she reported having dealt with a radiologist named Kwak — Dr Kwak. My lady is unfailingly truthful, so I did not doubt her story, but I was curious to see that Dr Kwak looks like, so I Googled him. 
Sure enough, there he is: No Bong Kwak, MD — Specialty : Diagnostic Radiology. No picture, though. Googling further, I find that Kwak is a not-uncommon Korean family name. 
I am sure that the Kwaks are a proud and noble lineage, and that Dr Kwak discharges his radiological duties at the highest standards of professionalism. And yes, I know it’s childish to make fun of people’s names, which after all they can’t help. For all I know to the contrary, “Derbyshire” sounds screamingly funny to Korean ears. If so, I do not begrudge them their mirth. Still … Dr Kwak? 
And while we are at the intersection of October with names Korean, let’s pause in respectful silence for a moment to remember the South Korean Secretary of State murdered by the Norks in the Rangoon bombing of October 1983 : Lee Bum Suk. 
Permalink 
Galaxies like grains of sand . For the longest time I carried around in my head the easy thumbnail tally of the cosmos: there are a hundred billion stars in our galaxy and a hundred billion galaxies in the observable universe. 
That second hundred billion crept up to two hundred billion when I wasn’t looking; and now suddenly it’s increased tenfold. 
The scale of the universe, already unfathomable, just became even more so: There are about 10 times as many galaxies as previously thought. 
The new number, two trillion galaxies, is the result of work led by Christopher J. Conselice, an astrophysicist at the University of Nottingham in England, published last week in The Astrophysical Journal . [ Two Trillion Galaxies, at the Very Least by Henry Fountain; New York Times , October 17th 2016.] 
That’s just the observable universe, mind: the one little bubble of objects whose emitted light has reached us since the Big Bang 13.8 billion years ago. The whole shebang is much bigger. It may in fact be infinite: There is an argument for this in Chapter Five of Max Tegmark’s Our Mathematical Universe . 
There’s a downside and an upside to knowing stuff like this. 
The downside is of course that it further dethrones us. It is only within living memory that we have known there are any other galaxies besides our own, let alone two trillion of the suckers. Not very long before that — a mere handful of generations — our little ball of rock was assumed to be the principal place in the cosmos, and its affairs the primary interest of the Creator. 
The upside is that our consciousness, our civilization, our accomplishments seem all the more astonishing as it becomes more and more probable that there are no others like them anywhere, or at least anywhere within several billion trillion miles. 
The arguments for this cosmic exceptionalism go back at least as far as Michael Hart’s 1975 paper An Explanation for the Absence of Extraterrestrials on Earth . Tegmark recycles them briefly in the last chapter of his book. (He is out at the most skeptical end of the spectrum for belief in extraterrestrial intelligence: “I’ve just argued that we’re probably the most intelligent life-form in our entire universe.”) British science journalist John Gribbin wrote an entire book arguing the skeptical case. 
So we are utterly insignificant, but at the same time fantastically unique. There’s something to meditate on, a hundred years on from Einstein’s General Theory of Relativity , which opened the way to serious, informed speculation about these tremendous matters. 
Permalink 
Warm happy glow of the month . Home maintenance chore this month has been spackling. I hate spackling. 
This is to do with my property’s standalone garage. The garage has a loft. For our first 24 years in this house, we paid no attention to the garage loft. It was a dark, filthy place, clogged with junk from previous homeowners going back to the 1940s. 
It didn’t even have a floor , only some random planks thrown across the joists. Nor was there any ceiling. If you went up there — there was a crude, rotting wooden access ladder from below — you risked having your scalp ripped open by roofers’ nails. It seems to be a cardinal rule of roofing to use nails two inches longer than necessary when fixing the roof tiles in place. ORDER IT NOW 
As the main house silted up with accumulated stuff , though, I began looking for extra storage space. And there it was: a nice unused space, twenty feet square, crammed with the junk of strangers long since passed on to their celestial rewards. 
I cleaned it out. I installed a proper pull-down access ladder . I laid a proper floor. I hauled up tremendous 8’×4′ panels of drywall and screwed them to the roof beams. I put in windows at each end. 
Then, to seal up the seams between panels and hide the screw holes, you have to spackle that drywall . 
It’s a tiresome business. You can learn the essentials from YouTube; but the instructors all disagree with each other. This one says to use fiber tape on the joints; that one says no, fiber tape is for pros, stick with paper tape. This one wets the paper tape, this one doesn’t. This one says to spread the joint compound like this ; that one says to spread it like that ; a third one says to spread it like that but with a turn of the wrist thus . This one uses a special trowel for inside corners; that one says no, just do one wall, let it dry, then do the other. I was getting flashbacks to my time in Ed School amid those endless tiresome arguments about the best way to teach math. 
I made all the mistakes amateurs make: used too much mud and ended up sanding three quarters of it off, etc., etc. Still, when I’d finished it didn’t look bad. 
I called in my neighbor Charlie to do site inspection. Charlie worked for years in construction. He is a scrupulously truthful man (and a Trump supporter!) After looking over my spackling he declared it “Not bad.” 
Not bad! That was my warm happy glow of the month right there. Bob Dylan is welcome to his Nobel Prize : I’ll take “Not bad” from Charlie. 
Permalink 
Quote of the month . 
Freedom of speech and thought, such as we still more or less have, are very delicate and easily smashed. 
Watching our current elite’s treatment of liberty is like watching a baboon carrying a priceless Ming vase across a stone-paved floor. [ Trust judges? I’d rather ask a baboon to carry a Ming vase by Peter Hitchens; MailOnline , October 29th 2016.] 
Permalink 
The Americans . The Mrs and I have been binge-watching the TV series The Americans , recommended by a friend. 
The premise of the show is that in the late Cold War years of the 1980s, the U.S.S.R. had agents deep embedded in American life, living as ordinary suburban American couples with kids, but on call to carry out espionage missions. Its psychological appeal is to the fantasy we all nurse, from early childhood onward, of living a secret life of excitement and danger while keeping up an outward mask of humdrum social normality. 
The plotting and characterization is very good, with a narrative “pull” that keeps you wanting to rent the next clutch of episodes. The storylines teeter on the edge of absurdity without ever quite falling over into the void. 
Unfortunately I find that I am now in love with Annet Mahendru . When I confessed this to Mrs Derbyshire, she counter-confessed that she is in love with Noah Emmerich . The balance of domestic affections thus remains undisturbed, and we continue to watch The Americans with guiltless pleasure. 
Permalink 
Math Corner . The number three doesn’t get the respect it deserves, in my opinion. 
Two is all over. We inhabit a universe of pairs: positive and negative, up and down, male and female, liberal and conservative, … there’s no end to the twos. 
Three has less of a public profile. Threeness doesn’t have the deep, fundamental quality of twoness. 
Not that three is altogether neglected. The Christian god is tripartite; heroes in fairy-tales are granted three wishes; and no-one thinks ill of underwear manufacturers marketing their products as small, medium, and large. 
Patriots of many nations celebrate the fact of their flag having three colors. The French actually name their flag for this feature, which keys to the three ideals of the Revolution: liberty, fraternity, equity. English children used to be taught to sing : “Red, white, and blue / What does it mean to you / …,” although I suppose this would be considered a racist outrage nowadays. I see an opportunity for arbitrage here #TeachEcon pic.twitter.com/lyuzQKFHZz 
— Jadrian Wooten (@Wootenomics) October 28, 2016 
In math, one of the most striking objects in elementary Measure Theory (dealing with the lengths, areas, volumes, etc. of mathematical figures) is Cantor ‘s set, which has uncountably many points in it (i.e. too many to match off one-one with the counting numbers 1, 2, 3, …) yet has measure zero. Cantor’s set is arrived at by repeated division of a line segment into three parts; it is best grasped via ternary (base 3) notation . ORDER IT NOW 
There is a dark, negative side to threeness, though. Three is often used to slight and marginalize: third-rate, three’s a crowd, third arm inspection (ask one of the older generation of military veterans), etc. The word “triage” has positively sinister connotations. The Hound of Hell had three heads. 
This dark aspect was explored at length in Chapter Four of Paul Fussell’s fine book The Great War and Modern Memory . Fussell fills seven pages exploring the role played by threeness in the WW1 combat experience as filtered by the human imagination. 
For the poet Charles Sorley the transformation of man into corpse is a three-part action. First, man; then, when hit, animal, writhing and thrashing in articulate agony or making horrible snoring noises; then a “thing.” 
The under-appreciation of three is best seen in the realm of fractions. It is possible to find a ruler marked off in thirds of an inch — I own one — but halves and quarters are far more popular. We say “a quarter of an hour” all the time; when did you last hear someone say “a third of an hour”? 
Is there a VDARE.com-relevant angle to any of this? Of course there is! 
Looking at the U.S. Census Bureau’s Population Clock the other day, I found myself wondering when the population of our republic will reach a third of a billion. It’s almost there. That day, October 6th, around noon, the clock showed 324,647,530. The rate of increase — births minus deaths plus net immigration — was shown as one person every twelve seconds. 
With 8,685,803 to go until we reach the magic number of 333,333,333, and assuming linear extrapolation, we get to a third of a billion sometime in the late evening of January 25th, 2020 (assuming I have done my arithmetic correctly, which should by no means be relied on). 
Will there be national celebration? A public holiday? Street parties? I doubt it. Thirdness gets even less respect than threeness. 
John Derbyshire [ ] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. ) He is the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books . He’s had t w o books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT ( also available in Kindle ) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013 . His writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com . (Reprinted from VDare.com by permission of author or representative)",0
7452,Iran Conducts ’Unsafe and Unprofessional’ Encounter With U.S. Ships,"On Saturday, several   boats of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) approached a U. S. Navy ship in the Strait of Hormuz at high speed in the latest “unsafe and unprofessional” action by Iranian forces. [A U. S. official told Reuters about the incident on Monday:  The official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the IRGCN boats came within 600 yards of the USNS Invincible, a tracking ship, and stopped. The Invincible was being accompanied by three ships from British Royal Navy and forced the formation to change course. The official said attempts were made to communicate over radio, but there was no response and the interaction was “unsafe and unprofessional. ” “The Invincible is a Stalwart class ocean surveillance ship  —   known as a tracking ship  —   that is equipped with antennas and electronics to support the tracking and launching of missiles and rockets,” explains Radio Free Europe. CBS News notes this was the second close encounter between the Invincible and Iranian naval forces in just two days: The “unsafe” encounter came just two days after an Iranian navy frigate came within 150 yards of the Invincible in the Gulf of Oman, just south of the Strait of Hormuz. The gulf separates Oman from southeastern Iran. The earlier encounter was deemed “unprofessional” but not unsafe because the frigate maintained a parallel course with the Invincible at the point of closest approach. The Saturday incident was also more worrying as it involved the elite Revolutionary Guard unit. According to Fox News, Iran   a pair of ballistic missiles into the Gulf of Oman over the weekend. It was the first time     ballistic missiles have been tested in two years. One of the missiles successfully destroyed a target barge at a range of 155 miles. One of the missiles launched from the IRGC base in    successfully destroyed a target barge at a range of 155 miles. The other missed its target. U. S. officials told Fox News the latest version of the   missile has an “active seeker” system that helps it target ships at sea. Sky News recalls that President Donald Trump “vowed that Iranian ships which intimidate the U. S. Navy would be ‘shot out of the water’” during his presidential campaign.",0
7453,Donald Trump’s Potential Running Mates: Pros and Cons - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump plans to announce his running mate before the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this month, and has started an “Apprentice”  search  —   meeting with possible candidates one by one and then posting on Twitter about it. (On Monday, he even praised on Twitter Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, a   running mate whom some Republicans nonetheless like because of his military service.) Below is a look at the four potential candidates for vice president whom the Trump campaign has already begun vetting: Why Mr. Trump would choose him: After dropping out of the Republican primary contest, Mr. Christie was one of Mr. Trump’s earliest endorsers  —   the sort of loyalty that goes far in his world. Mr. Christie has since emerged as a key figure behind the scenes, including running Mr. Trump’s transition team. Mr. Trump has said he would like to choose someone with government experience, and Mr. Christie’s leadership of a traditionally Democratic state, where he has pushed legislation through the New Jersey State House, could help in working with a deeply divided Congress. Mr. Christie himself is also brash enough to handle the outsize personality at the top of the ticket. Possible downside: Mr. Christie is still dealing with fallout from the George Washington Bridge   scandal. Mr. Trump has also seemed dismissive of Mr. Christie at times on the campaign trail, once ordering him back to the plane after the governor had finished introducing the Manhattan businessman. And Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    who wields an increasingly influential role behind the scenes on the campaign team, has a fraught relationship with Mr. Christie, who as a prosecutor helped send his father to jail. _____ Why Mr. Trump would choose her: A   mom from a socially conservative state, Ms. Ernst electrified the Republican establishment with her election to the Senate in 2014, and quickly emerged as one of the party’s rising stars and fresh faces. During her Senate bid, she garnered attention with an ad about pig castration and her promise to make the politicians in Washington “squeal”  —   an outsider ethos that matches that of Mr. Trump. She is an Iraq war veteran and retired National Guard lieutenant colonel, which could bring military and foreign policy experience  —   two areas in which Mr. Trump is lacking. And as a woman, she could help him shore up his standing with female voters among whom Mr. Trump trails far behind Hillary Clinton in polls. Possible downside: Elected to the Senate just two years ago, Ms. Ernst lacks a deep breadth of national governing experience. She was a disciplined if carefully managed candidate during her Senate bid, and it is unclear if she can withstand not just the media scrutiny of being the vice presidential pick, but also the general chaos of the Trump operation. _____ Why Mr. Trump would choose him: A former speaker of the House and Republican congressman from Georgia for two decades, Mr. Gingrich brings the governing experience and Washington   that Mr. Trump says he wants in a running mate. Mr. Gingrich also seems eager for the job, and has the intellectual bona fides and dynamic personality to handle someone like Mr. Trump as his running mate. Possible downside: Mr. Gingrich was perhaps the most public face of partisan warfare with the Clintons during the 1990s, and was ultimately forced to resign his speakership after an ethics violation and poor showing from Republicans in the 1998 midterm elections. He is also a   convert to Catholicism. _____ Why Trump would choose him: Mr. Pence, the popular governor of a Rust Belt swing state  —   President Obama narrowly won Indiana in 2008 Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate, won it 2012  —   is a favorite among social conservatives, and could help reassure a Republican base still skeptical about Mr. Trump’s credentials. Mr. Pence has twice toyed with a presidential run, and is locked in a close   fight with John Gregg, a Democrat and former speaker of Indiana’s House of Representatives, making a place on Mr. Trump’s ticket potentially more appealing. Possible downside: Mr. Trump talks of expanding the electoral map and attracting a broad coalition to beat Mrs. Clinton, including some disaffected Democrats, link those who originally supported Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. But Mr. Pence’s socially conservative stances, especially on gay rights, could turn off some of those voters. He also endorsed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the Republican primary, but failed to deliver his home state.",0
7454,Pedals the Walking Bear Said to Be Killed by a Hunter in New Jersey - The New York Times,"Pedals, a beloved American black bear who walked upright and strolled around the suburbs of New Jersey like a   cartoon come to life, was believed to have been killed by a hunter last week, animal welfare activists said. His age was not known. Since 2014 residents of Rockaway Township have posted videos online of the bear strolling through their neighborhoods and backyards with admirable posture, his forepaws pulled close to his chest. Many commented that on first glance, Pedals resembled a man wearing a bear suit. But it appears that local celebrity was not enough to save Pedals during the state’s   hunting season for black bears, which began on Monday and allowed hunters to kill bears with a bow and arrow for the first time since the 1960s. He was one of 487 bears killed by hunters in New Jersey last week. It was unknown whether Pedals walked upright because his forepaws were injured or if he had been born with a congenital defect, but either way his supporters had organized into an online community to promote his  . On Friday, an administrator of a Facebook group dedicated to the bear posted an anguished statement for its more than 21, 000 followers. It was tagged “feeling heartbroken. ” “PEDALS IS DEAD,” the statement said, which accused the authorities of not doing enough to protect a local treasure and said the state’s Department of Environmental Protection and the Division of Fish and Wildlife “really don’t have a heart. ” “For the hundreds and thousands of animals lovers who were following his story, I am sorry that we have this sad news to bring to you,” the statement said. “PEDALS is at peace now because his beautiful soul left his body when he was killed. ” The internet does not like it when a famous animal is killed (think of Cecil the Lion or of Harambe, the Cincinnati zoo gorilla turned into an unstoppable meme). The apparent death of Pedals at the hands of hunter was also met with the by now predictable online outrage. Gothamist reported that the bear had been “assassinated. ” Bob Considine, a spokesman for the Department of Environmental Protection, said on Saturday that a dead bear with visible injuries had been brought into a check station last week. But in a statement the department cautioned that it had “no way of verifying the identity of any bear that has not been previously tagged or had a DNA sample previously taken. ” Mr. Considine said biologists working for the department had taken pictures of that bear and that they would soon be released to the public. “We plan on releasing them to whoever wants them early next week,” he said. Animal welfare activists had unsuccessfully tried to get Pedals relocated to a wildlife preserve in New York. A GoFundMe page dedicated to that effort collected more than $22, 000, and a petition calling on state officials to facilitate such a move gathered more than 300, 000 signatures. New Jersey is the most densely populated state in the country and its ursine residents have seen their numbers grow, too, since the 1980s, according to the Division of Fish and Wildlife. They have expanded their habitat from their traditional stamping grounds in the forested northwestern part of the state and have now been sighted in all 21 counties, the department said. Lisa   who organized the petition to have Pedals relocated, did not respond to messages seeking comment on Saturday. Bears and humans typically live cheek by jowl with few problems but tragedy has struck before. In 2014, Darsh Patel, a    Rutgers student was killed by a black bear while hiking with friends in West Milford, the first death caused by a bear in the state’s history. In 2015 a Boy Scout troop leader was injured in a bear attack while hiking with children in Rockaway Township.",0
7455,"Led Zeppelin Did Not Steal ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ Jury Says - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   It’s long, it’s classic and, a jury decided on Thursday, it’s an original. Led Zeppelin did not steal the opening riff of its rock anthem “Stairway to Heaven,” a federal jury ruled here, giving the band a victory in a copyright case in which millions of dollars were at stake. The case pitted an obscure song from the margins of rock history against one of the canonical hits of the genre. The suit was filed two years ago by Michael Skidmore, a trustee for the songs of Randy Wolfe, a member of the band Spirit. It contends that the Led Zeppelin members Jimmy Page and Robert Plant had lifted substantial portions of the Spirit song “Taurus,” from 1968, for the beginning of “Stairway to Heaven,” which was released in 1971 and, by some estimates, has earned more than $500 million. Mr. Wolfe died in 1997 and complained of the similarity in interviews but never brought a suit. The case was filed shortly after a Supreme Court ruling allowed copyright infringement cases to go forward even after long delays. Lawyers for Mr. Skidmore presented evidence showing that the bands crossed paths while touring early in their careers, as well as testimony from music experts saying that both songs shared a similar chord progression and, most distinctively, a descending bass line in a chromatic scale. Mr. Plant and Mr. Page both testified that “Stairway to Heaven” had been composed independently, and that while both bands had played on the same bill a handful of times, they did not recall ever seeing Spirit perform and had no familiarity with “Taurus” until the lawsuit was brought. “I didn’t remember it then, and I don’t remember it now,” Mr. Plant said. The jury found that, although Mr. Page and Mr. Plant had access to “Taurus” before the release of “Stairway to Heaven,” the two songs’ original elements did not contain enough similarities. Before reaching the verdict on Thursday, the jury asked to listen to audio recordings of the introductions to both songs twice. “We are grateful for the jury’s conscientious service and pleased that it has ruled in our favor, putting to rest questions about the origins of ‘Stairway to Heaven’ and confirming what we have known for 45 years,” Mr. Plant and Mr. Page said in a statement on Thursday. The plaintiff’s lawyer, Francis Malofiy, said an appeal was being considered. The statute of limitations for past copyright infringement is three years. The two sides presented widely different estimates of Led Zeppelin’s earnings from 2011 to 2014, when the case was filed. Experts for the plaintiff pointed to a $60 million music publishing deal that Mr. Page and Mr. Plant signed with Warner Music and suggested that a large portion of that could be attributed to “Stairway. ” But later in the trial, an accountant called by Led Zeppelin’s side put the amounts at $615, 000 for Mr. Page and $532, 000 for Mr. Plant. The trial was the second major case in a year to involve copyright issues and the music industry, after Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams were ordered to pay $5. 3 million to the family of Marvin Gaye over their 2013 hit “Blurred Lines. ” That case, which has been appealed, has led to a wide debate in the music world over the limits of copyright protection, and whether the musical elements of homage  —   a song’s atmospherics, rhythms and overall “feel”  —   can cross the line into infringement.",0
7456,Paul Ryan Has A Truly Pathetic Response To Latest Phony ‘Hillary Email Bombshell’,"  
Oh, the politics are strong with this one. FBI Director James Comey just sent out a letter to the Republican Congressional Committee informing them that the FBI will be looking into more of Hillary Clinton’s emails. The discovery of the new emails was “in connection with an unrelated case.” 
As Think Progress points out, all the letter really means is there are emails that were discovered that the FBI had not reviewed. It doesn’t mean a case is being “re-opened.” This does not say the FBI will be reexamining the information of the previous investigation. And, it doesn’t mean that all of a sudden criminal charges are going to be forthcoming. It means nothing, except, the FBI needs to read a few more emails that were missed in the previous investigation. 
Even Comey says in his letter: 
“The FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant.” 
Read Republican James Comey’s letter, here: 
Yet, the reality of this statement is lost on not only major media outlets who are reporting that the case has been “reopened,” but also our politicians. Paul Ryan’s response takes the cake, though. The Republican Speaker of the House went full knee-jerk with this one. He said in a statement : 
“Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of our nation’s most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information. This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators. I renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.” 
So, 11 days before our presidential election, we’ve had the FBI Director, who happens to be a Republican, release an ambiguous letter which touches on an unsubstantiated scandal for which the Democratic presidential candidate came out of clean as a whistle because charges couldn’t be justified. And now we’ve had the Speaker of the House call for the candidate’s intelligence briefings to be suspended “until this matter is fully resolved.” 
Which, by the way, the FBI Director says he “cannot predict how long it will take to complete this additional work.” 
Yeah, ok. Like this doesn’t have political ploy written all over it. How pathetic. 
Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee/Staff Share this Article!",0
7457,"Harry Reid Looks Forward to Retirement and ""Eating Lots of Mice""","  
Outgoing senator Harry Reid says he can't hide it anymore: ""I want to be a reptile!"" 
Reid, who said his boyhood dream was to be some sort of lizard or snake, will finally make that dream come true when he retires in a few months. 
""Lots of fellas my age just sit and watch the sunset"" said Reid from his senate office, ""But I got other ideas. Retirement is just a new start for me. I'll be shedding my skin, as they say, and I mean it."" 
This isn't a new idea for Reid. His senate colleagues say he's been talking about this for years. It's been a source of some regular admiration and mostly derisive, mocking admiration, as others in the senate say. But still a type of admiration. 
""Yeah, this old world has been twistin' and contrivin' a whole lot since I started"" Reid said in his characteristic folksy way, ""And I hate everyone. That's why I want to change species."" 
Reid said he thought about becoming some kind of plant, then a bit closer to human, but he's ""partial"" to a reptilian path. 
""I may go for Iguana"" he offered, as ""they got that really good tail."" Reid hasn't settled on a choice quite yet. 
Reid's wife reacted to the plan with her usual good humor. ""Oh that Harry, he comes up with the craziest ideas."" She said. ""Last year, he wanted to buy a dirt bike!"" Make Jeff Brone's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
7458,Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food - The New York Times,"Many people seek an easy formula for choosing better wines. I’m often asked if I can suggest a book, or a class, or a particular wine magazine. But trying to master the vast array of wine producers from almost all corners of the earth is a long, though fascinating, slog. I’m still trudging along that endless route myself. Fortunately, there is a simpler solution that does not require poring over tomes that daunt you with complexity, or pamphlets that mislead you by promising easy expertise. All you have to do is remember three words: Wine is food. This may sound absurd to people whose idea of wine appreciation is swilling a little red in a bar while their friends are downing cocktails or beer. It will make no sense to those for whom a glass of wine is merely the reward for arriving home after a hard day’s work, as others may enjoy a Scotch on the rocks or a martini. But wine in the classic sense is not a cocktail replacement. It is an integral part of a meal, served at the table, with food. And for me, a simple way to understand wine, to elevate the quality of what you consume and the pleasure you take in it, is to treat wine as if it were another staple of the table, just as you would the produce, meat and bread that you shop for and eat. In the last few decades, Americans have become far more conscious of the ingredients in their meals. Categories like organic foods, once the province of eccentric health nuts, are now mainstream and big business. Shopping is no longer a   matter of driving the car to the supermarket and loading up it carries a host of ethical, political and aesthetic considerations. Where and how is food grown and raised? How are animals treated? Flavor, a factor that was once relegated to the bottom of the food industry’s list of priorities, is again front and center. The distance that food must travel is critical to many, as is the role of science and industry. All of these considerations are fundamental to the food revolution that has vastly improved both the quality of what we eat and the pleasure we take in it. Yet when it comes to wine, many who care deeply about their food are still drinking the equivalent of the square tomato. This blind spot has kept many consumers from asking questions about how their wine is made, even though they may be hyperconscious of the origins of the food they eat. What would happen if wine drinkers began to take an interest in the winemaking process? Make no mistake: Just as surely as supermarket aisles in the United States are lined with processed foods, the products of painstaking research into flavor components, manufacturing techniques and customer desires, so are they filled with bottles of processed wine. These wines are not the simple, pastoral expressions of an agricultural culture. They are   wines, farmed industrially with chemical sprays, churned out in factories with technology and machinery and additives, and tailored, just as processed foods are, to specifications derived from substantial audience research and the use of focus groups. Most people don’t care about the intricacies of what they consume, as long as it tastes good to them. They have other priorities. But a significant minority do care about what they eat, enough so that farmers’ markets, butchers and bakers, restaurants and whole supermarket chains are now dedicated to providing great ingredients that meet heightened aesthetic, medical, moral and ethical considerations. Thinking about wine in the same way is a significant first step toward improving the quality of the wine you drink and the pleasure you take in it. Under federal law, a wine cannot be called organic unless it is made from grapes that have been certified as organic, has been fermented with organic yeast and has no added sulfur dioxide, a preservative that is used in all but the most natural of wines. Very few wines can be called organic, though many are made from organically grown grapes. That alone may offer no clues to the quality of the wine. Organic grapes, like industrially farmed grapes, can be processed in the winery with great artifice and little regard for producing a forthright product. What’s more, many small farmers of great integrity work organically, or adhere to even stricter principles than the definition requires, but don’t bother certifying their work because of the expense and bureaucracy involved. So labels are not always meaningful. Even more important than labels like “organic” would be a greater sense of transparency in how grapes are grown and wine is made. Processed foods are required to list all the ingredients used during production. Why should wine be immune to such labeling requirements? Many   decisions are made after scanning the ingredient labels of competing products. Shouldn’t we want to know what’s in our wine, too? The wine industry has long argued that consumers would find ingredient labels confusing or incomprehensible. That may be true, but it’s irrelevant. Who among us understands the ingredients that go into, say, a   breakfast cereal? Millions of people could not care less and buy these products anyway. But with comprehensive labeling, those who want to avoid artificial or suspect ingredients have the opportunity to do so. They should have the same opportunity with wine. And you can bet that once people begin to ask questions about the ingredients and processes involved in making wine, the industry will begin to cater more to this growing group of educated consumers. Thinking of wine as food will affect shopping decisions in another important way. Many people who may care enough to buy meat, fish, bread and produce from specialty purveyors or farmers’ markets continue to buy their wine in supermarkets,   retailers or convenience stores. If you care about wine, that is a mistake. You may happen on a good bottle, but chances are you will not. For that, you need a store run by passionate devotees who do much of the advance work for you. A good wine shop or online merchant with a point of view, like a great butcher or baker, will have performed a rigorous selection process before making its wares available to consumers. Knowing that you are in a good wine shop can sharpen your   down to issues of taste and occasion rather than quality. Treating wine as food clarifies the notion of what it is you have on the table. It simplifies wine and makes it more approachable. And it leads to the same conclusion: To drink better wine, you must ultimately find a better wine source.",0
7459,LA Times: ’The No Free Speech Movement At Berkeley’ - Breitbart,"The L. A. Times have published a scathing editorial about the protesters who ran riot at Berkeley last week, calling them the “No Free Speech Movement. ”[The label is an inversion of the Free Speech Movement, an   student activist group that was founded at UC Berkeley in the 1960s.  Even if the cancellation was justified by concerns about public safety after an outbreak of violence and property destruction, the fact that Yiannopoulos was prevented from speaking to a willing audience of campus Republicans should make supporters of free speech shiver. The article goes on to say that President Trump’s threat to withdraw federal funds is a “ ” reaction, and accuses MILO of “generalizing” his critics’ objections to his talks, but continues to condemn the opponents of free speech at Berkeley. Yet it’s also true that, on colleges campuses and elsewhere, some “progressive” voices do call for the stifling of speech they don’t approve of. A leaflet circulated at the Berkeley protest said Yiannopoulos has “no right to speak at Cal or anywhere else” because he’s a “tool of Trump’s possessive fascist government. ” This is just the latest variation on the   argument of the censor that “error has no rights,” or, put another way, that one only has a right to free speech if one is speaking the “truth. ” It’s an insidious notion that needs to be opposed in every generation. Read the full article at the L. A. Times.",0
7460,Houthi-Saleh Alliance Takes Control over More Villages in Saudi Arabia’s Jizan Province - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
southfront.org Donate 
The Houthi-Saleh Alliance has taken control over several strategic villages in al-Khobeh region, killing tens of Saudi soldiers and destroying their military hardware. 
The Houthi-Saleh Alliance continued its advances in the province of Jizan , located in southern Saudi Arabia, taking full control over several strategic villages in al-Khobeh region, Arabic-language media reported on Saturday, citing a senior Ansarullah Commander, Nasreddin Ameri. 
According to Ameri, tens of Saudi soldiers lost their lives and many more of them fled the battlefield after 12 hours of clashes with fighters of the alliance. He also added that “six armored Bradly tanks and two Abrams tanks of the Saudi Army were destroyed, while other Saudi military hardware was also set on fire by Yemeni troops.” 
Last week, Saudi Arabia’s military bases, located in Assir, Jizan and Najran provinces of the kingdom, were pounded by artillery units of the Houthi-Saleh Alliance. As result, Saudi troops suffered heavy losses. 
According to reports, Yemeni fighters and their allies struck gatherings of the Saudi forces, stationed in the northern part of Midi desert near the village of al-Mousem in Jizan province. The Saudi Mosan military base, located in the southern part of the kingdom, as well as the Manfaz border checkpoint in Assir province were also hit by the alliance. As a result of the attacks, a large number of Saudi soldiers were killed. Two armored vehicles of Saudi military were destroyed by the Houthi-Saleh Alliance near the al-Khazra border checkpoint. All members of the crews were killed. 
Earlier in November, the al-Ahad information website reported that residents of more than 60% of Saudi Arabia’s villages, located along the border with Yemen , had been evacuated by the kingdom’s border guards. According to commander of the al-Arezeh Border Guards in the province of Jizan, Lieutenant Ali al-Amri, the evacuation was carried out on an order of senior Saudi officials. 
Donate ",0
7461,[VIDEO] Muslims Demand That Crosses Are Removed From A Catholic University Because They Find Them Offensive,"[VIDEO] Muslims Demand That Crosses Are Removed From A Catholic University Because They Find Them Offensive Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
Obama continuously claims that Muslims do not what to change our culture and Sharia Law is not coming to the United States. Yet, Yale Law School has opened up an Islamic Law Center for students to study Sharia Law and in Germany, an 8-month pregnant woman was beaten for wearing a cross, because it’s against Sharia Law. Now, a professor at a rival college is upset that Washington D.C.’s Catholic University of America has crosses covering the classrooms and does not have a designated space for their Muslim students to pray. 
Now, Muslims are complaining about crosses hanging up in the classroom of a Catholic University in Washington D.C. The complaint says that the crosses at the Washington D.C.’s Catholic Univeristy of America are “offensive” and prevent Muslims from praying within the vicinity of them. This may come as a shock to many, but it is just the latest occurrence of demands for the United States to implement and maintain Sharia Law adherence. The complaint was filed with the Washington, D.C. Office of Human Rights by a Professor Banzhaf from the rivaling college of George Washington University saying that there are in fact “too many crosses in every room of Washington D.C.’s Catholic Univeristy of America” which is a “human rights violation that prevents Muslim students from praying there.” Officials of the Washington D.C.’s Catholic Univeristy of America said that they were not aware of any complaints from any of the Muslim students who attended. 
Professor Banzhaf already has a pending lawsuit against Washington D.C.’s Catholic University of America for terminating its policy of mixed-gender dorms. Professor Banzhaf also has a rather long history of filing civil rights lawsuits on topics that range from smoking to childhood obesity. Part of the lawsuit states the Catholic University “does not provide space – as other universities do – for the many daily prayers Muslim students must make, forcing them instead to find temporarily empty classrooms where they are often surrounded by Catholic symbols which are incongruous to their religion.” 
Patrick Reilly of the Cardinal Newman Society was quoted as saying that “this attorney is really turning civil rights on its head. He’s using the law for his own discrimination against the Catholic institution and essentially saying Catholic University cannot operate according to its Catholic principles.” 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
7462,Inquiry Into Fatal Amtrak Crash Reveals Error in Communication - The New York Times,"A mishandled handoff between foremen may have played a role in an Amtrak crash last April in which two workers were killed when a train slammed into construction equipment that was on the tracks near Chester, Pa. according to documents released on Thursday. The documents, part of a continuing investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board, also revealed the train’s operator tested positive for marijuana, and show a supervisor’s distress upon hearing that the track had been cleared for use. “Oh my gosh you’ve got to be kidding me,” John Yaeger, an Amtrak day shift foreman whose shift had just begun, told a dispatcher, according to a transcript of radio communications from that morning. “Oh man. The backhoe got plowed. I can’t believe it. ” The documents released on Thursday do not draw conclusions about what caused the crash, though possible factors are cited. The crash occurred around 7:50 a. m. on April 3, when the train struck a backhoe that was being used during a multiday maintenance operation on a neighboring track, according to the documents. During an interview with investigators, Mr. Yaeger suggested there had been confusion in the handoff from a night foreman about whether the track had been cleared for traffic. The backhoe operator, Joseph Carter Jr. 61, and his supervisor, Peter Adamovich, 59, died.   people were taken to hospitals. The preliminary N. T. S. B. documents consist of hundreds of pages of interviews, transcripts and reports, and include the revelation that the train’s operator, Alexander Hunter, tested positive for marijuana that day. Efforts to reach Mr. Hunter on Thursday evening were not immediately successful. The train was traveling south at 106 miles per hour  —   within the authorized limit of 110 m. p. h.  —   when Mr. Hunter applied the emergency brakes after “seeing something” on Main Track 3, according to the documents. He was able to slow the train to only 88 m. p. h. before striking the backhoe. “The collision obliterated the backhoe, sending pieces of the equipment throughout the area and into the west side of the first passenger coach,” according to an analysis report. Amtrak estimated the damage at $2. 5 million.",0
7463,"Google, Lagging Amazon, Races Across the Threshold Into the Home - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   When Amazon introduced its Echo device in late 2014, Google executives were caught off guard. For years, they had predicted the creation of a virtual assistant that would answer questions or help accomplish tasks, and they focused on building that capability into smartphones and tablets. Amazon took a different approach and created the Echo, a device with the sole purpose of showcasing the company’s artificially intelligent assistant software, called Alexa. Since then, the Echo has become a surprise hit, vaulting Amazon ahead of Google in a race to build technology that interacts as humans do. Users can ask Alexa to play music, dim the lights or call for a ride. For Google, whose name is synonymous with finding answers on the internet, Amazon’s success with Alexa exposed a vulnerability. Google, along with its parent company, Alphabet, has invested heavily to solve the technology world’s toughest problems, but it often trails competitors in turning those advancements into products and businesses. On Tuesday, Google is expected to finally unveil its answer to the Echo, alongside new smartphones and tablets. The Google Home device, which looks a little like an air freshener, is expected to go on sale later this month. Google Home is powered by what Google calls the Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to understand what users are saying and respond conversationally with the best answers. Google introduced a messaging app last month that incorporates the Assistant, and the company plans to add the feature to its latest smartphones and tablets. Given the newness of the market for artificially intelligent home gadgets, Google has plenty of time to close the gap. The company believes it can win over consumers with a smarter digital assistant that builds on its stronghold in search and years of research in artificial intelligence. But the fact that Google was outmaneuvered by Amazon  —   not Apple, which builds its own digital assistant technology, called Siri, into its mobile products  —   has caused   throughout the technology industry. Amazon has a notoriously uneven track record in making hardware, with some hits, like the Kindle   and spectacular whiffs, like the Fire Phone. “Amazon is the accidental winner here,” said Scott Galloway, a professor of marketing at the Stern School of Business at New York University. “Amazon got there first, which is superimpressive, and it has been a huge hit. ” Google is a leader in natural language processing  —   the ability to turn spoken words into terms that computers can digest  —   and its search engine is the starting point for how most people get answers on the internet. In fact, the company says 20 percent of Google searches on mobile phones are done by voice. So why didn’t Google create an   device before Amazon? In part, Google was hindered by a balkanized structure that prevented different groups within the company from working together, according to four current and former employees. Google, based in Mountain View, Calif. had a large team working on voice search but its focus was on an app for smartphones. The company had a separate team working on the Android operating system, which runs on smartphones, tablets and   home devices, and they were building virtual assistant technology into mobile devices. Google bought Nest Labs, a manufacturer of   thermostats and smoke detectors, for $3. 2 billion in 2014 as an entree into the home. But the unit seldom collaborated with the rest of the company. And other Google hardware divisions responsible for building smartphones, tablets, Chromebook computers,   routers and Chromecast devices to stream video were focused on updating products. A competitor for the Echo, it seems, fell through the cracks. This is not the first time Amazon has jumped ahead of Google, despite the search company’s considerable technological edge. From its inception, Google has devoted enormous resources to operating efficient data centers to power its many services. But it was Amazon that identified an opportunity in renting out its technology infrastructure to companies in need of computing power, storage and data analysis. That business, called Amazon Web Services, is now on pace to generate more than $10 billion in revenue this year, while Google is playing  . A lack of focus can at times compound these issues. Google encourages its employees to spend 20 percent of their time pursuing new ideas beyond their usual responsibilities. Products like Gmail emerged from this policy, but it also fosters a   that, according to one former employee, leads Google to chase too many ideas. “Part of the problem is that it has a scattershot approach to things,” said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. When pursuing new ideas, he said, “they don’t always make big bets strategically. ” Google has spent seven years working on   cars, for example, and it is still not clear how the company plans to cash in on its work. By contrast, Uber, which started as a company around the time that Google started work on autonomous vehicles, is already testing   cars to pick up customers in Pittsburgh. Despite its many successes, Google has a spotty history of creating devices. In 2012, Google introduced an   speaker called the Nexus Q. The vision was for the device to plug into a home entertainment system for streaming music or video, a sort of hybrid of an Apple TV and a Sonos speaker. But Google killed the product before it even started shipping it to consumers. Also in 2012, Google bought the phone manufacturer Motorola for $12. 5 billion. The next year, it introduced the Moto X, the first smartphone equipped with a listening chip so users could bring the phone to life by uttering the words “O. K. Google. ” It has pushed this feature into the latest phones running its Android operating system. Apple’s more recent iPhones and iPads have a similar feature, activated by the words “Hey Siri. ” But what makes the Amazon Echo stand out is a technology called a   microphone that can make out someone’s voice from across a room, even when there is background clatter. And the Echo is always in position to listen for the   wake word  —   Alexa  —   whereas phones are often tucked away in pockets and bags. According to a former employee, Google has tinkered with   audio, but its focus was on the car, not a home device. Amazon invested in artificial intelligence and speech technologies in the years before unveiling Echo, but its most crucial asset was its strength in the cloud computing market, which it dominates with Amazon Web Services, or A. W. S. The vast majority of Echo’s intelligence is contained in A. W. S. and most of the apps that developers have built for Alexa run on the cloud service. “The most important architectural vision is that it’s all in the cloud,” Dave Limp, Amazon’s senior vice president for devices and services, said in an interview this year. Amazon says tens of thousands of developers are creating skills for Alexa, more than 3, 000 of which have been released so far. And thousands of developers are working to incorporate Alexa’s voice capabilities into their hardware products. Last month, GE Appliances announced an Alexa app that lets people preheat a connected oven with voice commands. Chris Herbert, chief executive of a   called TrackR that makes wireless beacons for finding misplaced keys and wallets, recently released an app for Alexa that allows people to find their items with voice commands. Mr. Herbert said he had looked at the voice offerings from both Google and Apple, but neither company yet offered the same range of capabilities as Amazon, because they viewed it as an   feature to phones as opposed to a   computer. “It’s kind of   to me,” he said.",0
7464,Court Throws Out $655.5 Million Terrorism Verdict Against Palestinian Groups - The New York Times,"A federal appeals court in New York has thrown out a $655. 5 million verdict rendered last year that had held the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization liable for their roles in supporting terrorist attacks in Israel that claimed American lives. In reversing the verdict on Wednesday in the case, which drew the attention of the Obama administration, the appeals court did not minimize the impact of the six terrorist attacks, which occurred from 2002 to 2004, but it held that the Federal District Court in Manhattan had lacked the jurisdiction to hear the case. “The terror   attacks and suicide bombings that triggered this suit and victimized these plaintiffs were unquestionably horrific,” said a   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, in Manhattan. “But the federal courts cannot exercise jurisdiction in a civil case beyond the limits prescribed by the due process clause of the Constitution,” the court added, “no matter how horrendous the underlying attacks or morally compelling the plaintiffs’ claims. ” The plaintiffs included 10 families, comprising about three dozen people, eight of whom were physically injured in the attacks, as well as the estates of several victims who were killed. The suit was brought under the   Act, which provided for the tripling of the $218. 5 million in damages awarded by a Manhattan jury. The law, which allows United States citizens who are the victims of international terrorism to sue in the federal courts, was passed some years after the 1985 murder of Leon Klinghoffer in the Palestinian hijacking of the cruise ship Achille Lauro. Kent A. Yalowitz, a lawyer for the families in the case, said in a statement that the law had been passed by Congress “to protect Americans wherever in the world they traveled. ” “The very terrorists who prompted the law have now hidden behind the U. S. Constitution to avoid responsibility for their crimes,” Mr. Yalowitz said. “This cruel decision must be corrected so that these families may receive justice. ” Mr. Yalowitz said the plaintiffs were weighing their options, which could include seeking review by the full appeals court, or asking the United States Supreme Court to hear the case. The attacks in Israel occurred on the street, at a crowded bus stop and inside a bus, and in a cafeteria on the Hebrew University campus. Hanan Ashrawi, a member of the P. L. O. ’s executive committee who testified for the defense in the trial, expressed satisfaction with the appeals court’s decision, saying, “I hope this is the end of it. ” Speaking by telephone from Ramallah in the West Bank, Ms. Ashrawi said, “Finally the American justice system proved its impartiality. ” She added that the decision “restores my faith in the judicial system. ” The jury in the   trial, which ended in February 2015, heard emotional testimony from victims and witnesses in the attacks. But in finding that the federal court lacked jurisdiction, the appellate panel ruled that the connections between the Palestinian defendants and the United States were not sufficient to give the trial court the power to hear the plaintiffs’ claims. Judge John G. Koeltl, writing for the panel, said the attacks in Israel had not been “expressly aimed at the United States,” and evidence presented by the plaintiffs had established the attacks’ “random and fortuitous nature. ” “Evidence at trial showed that the shooters fired ‘indiscriminately,’” the judge wrote, “and chose sites for their suicide bomb attacks that were ‘full of people,’ because they sought to kill ‘as many people as possible. ’” The decision was joined by Judges Pierre N. Leval and Christopher F. Droney. The trial judge, George B. Daniels, had required the Palestinian Authority to post a bond of $10 million and an additional $1 million monthly to appeal the case. The bond is typically 111 percent of the judgment, but the authority said it could not afford that. Lawyers for the victims had objected to the lower amount, but the authority won support from an unexpected source: the Obama administration. Officials at the Justice and State Departments had asked Judge Daniels to consider the ramifications of requiring too high a bond, suggesting that doing so could cause economic and political harm to the Palestinian Authority and the broader peace process. “A P. A. insolvency and collapse would harm current and future U. S.  efforts to achieve a   solution to the   conflict,” Antony J. Blinken, the deputy secretary of state, said in a court filing in August 2015. The government’s filing came after sharp debate between officials at the State and Justice Departments over the strategy to take in the case.",0
7465,"EXCLUSIVE: Archbishop of Lahore Tells Pakistani Christians: ’Don’t Live in Fear, and Do Not Fight’ - Breitbart","Despite being present in the country long before its independence, the Christians in Pakistan are among the nation’s most persecuted victims of social discrimination, mob violence, and the   threat of terrorist attacks. [In Lahore, the Christian community recently celebrated its first Easter without an attack on its churches since 2014. The Pakistani army announced that they had foiled this year’s plot to attack the community, finding suicide vests and other weapons in the home of a suspected jihadist.  On Easter 2015, suicide bombers targeted two churches in Lahore on Easter, killing fourteen. The next year, a bomb claimed by the Pakistani Taliban targeted a Lahore park, killing 72 and injuring hundreds, mostly women and children. As the leader of the Catholic community there, Archbishop Sebastian Shaw OFM of Lahore faces the formidable task of keeping his community’s spirits high while engaging the majority Muslim community in order to turn the tides of suspicion against Christians. In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News arranged alongside the Catholic charity Aid to the Church in Need, the Archbishop emphasized the need for interfaith dialogue and   education for Christians in creating a more tolerant and peaceful Pakistan, the former necessary for breaking down unfounded stereotypes and the latter to allow for better dialogue. The better Christians know their own faith, he noted, the better equipped they are to educate those of other religions who may see Christians as a threat to national stability. “Children should have a good knowledge of their own religion,” he explained. “If we talk to people for interreligious dialogue, one has to know about his or her own religion. Otherwise, [dialogue] turns into debate, and debate ends in enmity and sour relations. ” “We are a very small minority, but we are very strong in faith and very loyal and faithful to the country,” Archbishop Shaw emphasized. “Christians are in the army, they are in the judiciary, in the schools and education, hospitals. All together we are working for the progress and fortification of Pakistan. ” In the   however, the Archbishop noted that Christians must live with the reality that they will face threats of violence from terrorists and mobs incensed by accusations of blasphemy and that includes heavy investments in security and cooperation with the Pakistani government. “Christian volunteers are very alert, we have to be very alert and vigilant for any big event. It’s not good, but this is the way we are living now,” he lamented. “The pressure [from violent actors] is there, sometimes growing, but at the same time, all government agencies are more alert. When they have security meetings, they invite our churches also, so in this way, the network is very good. ” The local Catholic Church is investing in a variety of new security measures for its churches, from higher fences to security cameras to armed guards, he said. Christian officials and volunteers reach out to politicians who sympathize with the community as well. Most importantly to the Archbishop, however, were appeals to interfaith dialogue and eradicating the belief that Christians were somehow less patriotic or more loyal to foreign powers than Muslim Pakistanis. “After   [the September 11, 2001,   attacks]  —   before that also, but more after    —   many people thought that to be Christian in Pakistan means we are allies to America or the West,” he noted. “So that’s why many of our churches and institutions were attacked. ” “Through interreligious dialogue, people of different faiths came together, we started talking, sharing ideas about peace, coexistence, and how to make our society a better society for everyone,” the Archbishop added. “We started explaining that God has given us this planet, this planet is for everybody, a person is free to have his or her own religion, that is a choice God gives us. ” Archbishop Shaw noted that not all action against Christian persecution is dialogue, however. He highlighted the need for Christians to practice Christianity towards all, particularly through charity acts, to show Pakistani Muslims that there is no need to fear or attack Christians. He noted a particular instance in which Christians united to aid victims of a major flood. “People knew that [the charity work] was within the church, and the church was helping people with the reconstruction of houses, building of schools,” he noted. “The schools are for everybody  —   in all our schools, 90 percent of students are Muslims  —   so they know that Christians, especially Catholics, are serving all people regardless of creed or religion. ” Christian schools have long served Muslims in Pakistan, particularly the nation’s higher classes who have the means to choose their children’s education. “Christian schools and universities are a prominent part of the Pakistani educational system and are highly regarded by Muslims and the Pakistani government,” Sara Singha explains in her chapter in Christianity and Freedom: Volume 2, Contemporary Perspectives. “Many of these schools incorporate Christian values into curricula and are preferred by Muslim elites because of their moral and educational training. ” To those he serves, Archbishop Shaw delivers a simple message of hope: “If you are born in Pakistan, be happy because God has a purpose for you. If not, you would have been born in America or somewhere else. Try to understand the purpose of your being and purpose of your life to become a true follower of Christ and give witness to the lessons of risen Christ. ” He highlights what he calls “the two F’s: don’t live in fear, and do not fight. ” “Jesus gave us a new commandment: love one another,” he explains. “We should have a point of view of the world that we are not here to fight with anybody and we are also not here to live in fear. We are here to respect ourselves and respect other people. We feel it is the right approach to work for coexistence and a peaceful society in the future. ”",0
7466,"Re: Camden, New Jersey: One Of Hundreds Of U.S. Cities That Are Turning Into Rotting, Decaying Hellholes","  Camden, New Jersey: One Of Hundreds Of U.S. Cities That Are Turning Into Rotting, Decaying Hellholes   December 15th, 2013 
All over America, formerly prosperous communities are being transformed into crime-infested wastelands of poverty and despair. Of course the most famous example of this is Detroit . At one time, Detroit was the greatest manufacturing city that the world had ever seen and it had the highest per capita income in the entire country. But now it has become a rotting, decaying hellhole that the rest of the planet laughs at. And of course Detroit is far from alone. There are hundreds of other U.S. cities that are suffering a similar fate. In this article, the focus is going to be on Camden, New Jersey, but the truth is that there are lots of other “Detroits” and “Camdens” all over the nation. Jobs and businesses are leaving our cities at a staggering rate, and what is being left behind is poverty, crime and extreme desperation. 
Earlier this month, Rolling Stone published an article that took a hard look at the nightmare conditions that exist in Camden. A city that once made Campbell’s soup and some of this nation’s most famous warships is now a national disgrace. The following are six of the best quotes out of that article… 
-“In September, its last supermarket closed, and the city has been declared a “food desert” by the USDA. The place is literally dying, its population having plummeted from above 120,000 in the Fifties to less than 80,000 today.” 
-“Their home is a city with thousands of abandoned houses but no money to demolish them, leaving whole blocks full of Ninth Ward-style wreckage to gather waste and rats.” 
-“With legal business mostly gone, illegal business took hold. Those hundreds of industries have been replaced by about 175 open-air drug markets, through which some quarter of a billion dollars in dope moves every year.” 
-“On January 18th, 2011, the city laid off 168 of its 368 police officers, kicking off a dramatic, years-long, cops-versus-locals, house-to-house battle over a few square miles of North American territory that should have been national news, but has not been, likely because it took place in an isolated black and Hispanic ghost town.” 
-“After the 2011 layoffs, police went into almost total retreat. Drug dealers cheerfully gave interviews to local reporters while slinging in broad daylight.” 
-“The carnage left Camden’s crime rate on par with places like Haiti after its 2010 earthquake, and with other infamous Third World hot spots, as police officials later noticed to their dismay when they studied U.N. statistics.” 
You can read the rest of the article right here . But as bad as things have become in Camden, this should not be a surprise to most of you. The reality is that this kind of rot and decay is happening in communities all over the United States. 
Over in Detroit, crime has gotten so bad that even the police are telling people to “ enter Detroit at your own risk “. When you call the police in Detroit it takes them an average of 58 minutes to respond, and more than 90 percent of the crimes committed in the city end up as unsolved mysteries. 
At this point, 60 percent of all children in Detroit are living in poverty, and there are approximately 78,000 abandoned homes in the city. 
For much more on all this, check out the statistics in this article , and you can find some great photos of the “ruins of Detroit” right here . 
So why is all of this happening? 
Well, there are lots of factors involved of course, but the biggest one is the lack of good jobs in these cities. 
At one time, Detroit had the largest and most prosperous middle class in the entire nation. But now those days are long gone. 
And what is happening to Detroit is precisely what is happening to America as a whole. Our good jobs are disappearing and the middle class is being systematically destroyed . 
In order to have a middle class, you have got to have middle class jobs. 
There is no way around that. 
And right now, hordes of young people are graduating from college and discovering that the middle class jobs that they were promised simply are not there. 
CNN recently profiled a 37-year-old college graduate named Bobby Bingham. Because he cannot find a good job, he is forced to work four low paying jobs… 
Bobby Bingham works four jobs in Kansas City, Missouri, yet he has very little to show for it. 
Bingham is 37 years old and has a college degree, but like many Americans, is stuck working many hours in low wage, part-time jobs. 
Each week, he works a total of about 60 hours in his jobs as a massage therapist, a waiter at a Mexican restaurant, a delivery man for sandwich chain Jimmy John’s and a receptionist at his massage school. 
Bingham makes approximately $400 a week, which works out to about $20,000 a year. He has come to the conclusion that he may never be able to make enough to support a family… 
“I’ve come to the point in my life where I wonder if I can ever support a family,” he said. “I have no idea how that’s ever going to logically happen.” 
That deeply saddened my heart when I read that. Here is a young man that wants to get married, have a family and do all the right things, but the economy is so bad that he fears that this may never be possible for him. 
As I have written about previously, the economic downturn that we are experiencing right now has hit men particularly hard . The number of men in their prime working years that do not make enough money to support a family is rising with each passing year, and this is causing massive problems in this country. 
And when our politicians proclaim that all we need is “more education”, I feel like vomiting. The U.S. population as a whole has more “education” today than it ever has had before. 
If you think that “more education” is the answer, then check out the following excerpt from a recent interview with a law school graduate that is making about $40,000 a year and that has about $200,000 in law school debt… 
Yes, it’s extremely hard to get by. I can’t afford rent or a car and can barely afford food. Anything extra like enjoying myself with friends, going to a movie, traveling, etc. — that’s all out the window for the foreseeable future and possibly for the rest of my life thanks to law school. I live with my parents. I don’t have a car. I don’t go out to socialize. I don’t date. I don’t buy new clothes. I don’t buy electronics. I don’t buy much of anything. I spend my free time working other jobs to put more money toward my debt. I do contract work for other lawyers, but the pay is very low and payment is sporadic. 
Why did this happen to him? Well, the truth is that there are way, way too many law school graduates. There are not nearly enough good jobs for all of them. In fact, this particular law school graduate deeply regrets ever going to law school and considers it “an extraordinary waste of money”… 
I consider law school a waste of my life and an extraordinary waste of money. I feel like I was duped and tricked. At the end of the day, it’s my own fault for being a sucker and I learned an extremely hard lesson. Because I went to law school, I don’t see myself having a family, earning a comfortable wage, or having an enjoyable lifestyle. 
But at least he has a job. There are millions of college graduates that do not. And there are hundreds of thousands of other college graduates that are currently working as waiters and waitresses. Large numbers are also working temp jobs or standing behind registers in retail stores. 
Over the past decade, tens of thousands of businesses and millions of good jobs have left this country. The quality of the jobs that remain continues to decline at a frightening pace , and most of the new jobs that are being “created” these days are part-time jobs. 
But you won’t hear the mainstream media or our most prominent politicians talk about these things much. You won’t hear them talk about the fact that median household income in the United States has fallen for five years in a row or about the fact that the rate of homeownership in the United States has fallen for eight years in a row . 
The middle class is dying . 
Wake up America. 
And even as millions of our jobs have been shipped to the other side of the planet, some of the most prominent “American companies” have been bought up by foreigners. The following list comes from a recent Economy In Crisis article … —– 
Here are some of America’s most famous brands currently held in foreign hands: Budweiser, now owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev N.V., which is based in Leuven, Belgium Alka-Seltzer, now owned by German company Bayer Schering Pharma AG Ben & Jerrys, now owned by British-Dutch Unilever AMC theaters, now owned by the Chinese 7-Eleven, now owned by the Japanese company, Seven & I Holdings Woman’s Day Magazine, now owned by the French company, Hachette Filipacchi Médias, S.A Purina, now owned by the Swiss company, Nestle Gerber, now owned by the Swiss pharmaceutical giant, Novartis Firestone, now owned by the Japanese Bridgestone Corporation Citgo, now owned by the government of Venezuela French’s Mustard, now owned by Reckitt Benckiser, a British conglomerate Frigidaire, now owned by Sweden’s AB Electrolux The Plaza Hotel in New York City, now owned by Israeli billionaire Yitzhak Tshuva’s El-Ad Group Trader Joes, now owned by German billionaires Karl and Theo Albrecht Dial soap, now owned by Henkel KGaA, based in Dusseldorf, Germany Sunglass Hut, now owned by Italian eyewear seller Luxottica Group —– 
Are you starting to get the picture? 
Our economic infrastructure is being absolutely gutted and more than 46 million Americans are now living in poverty. 
And if you are waiting for the jokers in Washington D.C. to fix things, you are going to be waiting for a very, very long time. 
Over the past several years, both the Democrats and the Republicans have proven again and again that they are basically completely and totally useless. In fact, just about everything that they try to do actually makes our problems even worse. 
In just a few days, Barack Obama leaves for a 17 day holiday vacation in Hawaii. Many have criticized him and the members of Congress for taking so much time off, but perhaps that is the best thing that they can do at this point. As long as they are away from Washington D.C., at least they won’t be making things even worse for all the rest of us. Dent, Faber, Celente, Maloney, Rogers – What Do They Say Is Coming In 2014? » MegaLiberty74 
It’s the deindustrialization of America by big government through taxations, fines, fees, extreme regulations, etc. Eventually, the business owner who can’t pay in D.C. to get exempted from such criminal government as like we are seeing with Obamacare, they throw their hands up and say DONE. 
Who’s John Galt? This was all predicted and it’s basic economics. JoeD 
John Galt was a creepy celibate perv who settled on being dirty thirds with Dagny Taggart. 
America as an industrial power could never compete with the rest of the world once the rug was pulled out from under its feet. You blame taxes and regulation but that’s what comes with maintaining a first world country. No way to compete with the China’s of the world that are willing to poison their people with toxic pollution and have billions of people willing to work for slave wages. Of course instead of choosing to protect ourselves we decided it would be a better idea to save a few bucks at Walmart. jox 
To reduce the taxes you should cut military expenses, not healthcare nor education. Sonar 
So tell that to communist China and Russia which are both increasing military expenditures while spending very little on social services for their people? some-buh-day 
Another masterpiece, Michael. That last paragraph is golden lol. Don’t forget that people are leaving the country in record numbers also 1stworlder 
Those are productive people trying to go Galt to somewhere with lower taxes Chris 
Ross Perot warned us this would eventually happen, but we failed to listen. In all honesty, we deserve everything we’re getting now. We voted for all of this. Politicians realized a long time ago that most people were uniformed about what was happening around them, thus allowing them to pass these ludicrous trade agreements that only benefited a handful of individuals. I’m afraid it’s too late to save the ship now. Rodster 
It was the “giant sucking sound”, so true. Mondobeyondo 
The “giant sucking sound” is coming from DC. 2Gary2 
the giant sucking sound is conservative policies sucking the wealth of the middle class up to their 1% who they exclusively represent. Sonar 
the giant sucking sound is progressive/liberal/leftist/socialist/communist policies sucking the wealth of the middle class up to their 1% cronies like George Soros along with bankers and hedge funds managers who put their stooge into the White House dbomb12 
Don’t forget the “CONSERVATIVE” heritage foundation supported NAFTA. The left / right paradigm is the real divider. All polititcians are part of the same culb and we are not in it FUKyiah 
WHAT conservative policies? What planet are you from? I’ll bet your parents were related BEFORE they got married. nestazhe265 
Aunty Elena got a real nice Porsche Boxster by working off of a computer… Read Full Report B­i­g­2­9­.­ℂ­o­m FounderChurch 
We need more of THE RIGHT KIND, and fewer of the wrong kind. By that I mean dumb America haters and I think you would qualify on both counts. Why do you pretend to be so dense and dumb? You know what I meant to start with, and if you are too slow to get it, well then, I just told you. Pablo Solano 
Laughable. Spouting meaningless rubbish. It saddens me to think of the trees that produced oxygen that has been wasted on you. GSOB 
I didn’t vote for any of this. In fact, I voted for Ross Perot. Geoff Gariepy 
Ross Perot was looking out for Ross Perot. Mondobeyondo 
So did I. He would have made a difference if he had been elected. But this is a democracy, er, constitutional republic, and the people wanted Clinton. Kannin 
The people didn’t want Clinton! He won with less than 50% of the vote. Ross Perot only served to divide the conservative vote. djc 
I voted for him twice. Its all really hopeless at this stage of the game. JulietteofOhio 
WE don’t deserve this and WE didn’t fail to listen.There just weren’t enough of US to make a difference, but WE are suffering along with everyone else. I do agree it’s too late to save the ship. J Hall 
And the opportunity is likely to come sooner than most expects. Mondobeyondo 
How did these politicians get to such high levels of power? Someone voted for them. We don’t have coup d’etats in America (or do we?) 
Detroit is my favorite example of mismanagement. And NO, it has NOTHING to do with black politicians in charge for the past 60 years there. It’s government mismanagement, Kannin 
It was mismanagement and the unions. At the same time the government was growing too large too fast… and giving in to the public unions, the private unions were killing manufacturing jobs. What followed was fewer jobs and higher taxes to help support the bloated city. Then the wealthiest and the middle class fled to the burbs, and left the city to the poorest… who cannot afford to support the massive amounts of infrastructure and retirees. You can draw a very clear line between Detroit, Michigan and 20 other cities and states… St. Louis, Chicago, California and Illinois to name a few… mismanaged by liberal governments and unions… both, private and public. Annette Smith 
I am so surprised that California has not declared bankruptcy. I don’t know how it gets along. Used to live there, and glad we don’t anymore. El Pollo de Oro 
Chris: to this day, I hate Rush “Pillhead” Limbaugh with a passion for trashing Ross Perot. Pillhead was a big supporter of NAFTA and called Perot a racist for opposing it. But Perot was absolutely right about that “giant sucking sound.” Americans ignored Perot at their own peril, and I think you’re right about it being too late to save the ship now. Welcome to the Third World. Chris 
EI Pollo de Oro: NAFTA and the rest of the free trade agreements were never meant to help us “little people.” Its sole purpose was to turn First World countries into Third World dumps. If they pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership, then it’s lights out for good. El Pollo de Oro 
Chris: That’s exactly what NAFTA (No American Factories Taking Applications) was designed to do: turn major developed economies into Third World toilets. And CAFTA made things even worse because it sent out a message that if globalists though minimum-wage workers in México were overpaid, they could always move to countries that are even poorer (Honduras, Guatemalan, El Salvador). Globalism is truly a race to the bottom just as Perot predicted. Sequoia 
NAFTA also screwed the Mexican people,because it wiped out all of the small family farms.Now the campesinos in Michoacan and other agriculture areas have to compete with the big Agribusiness corpotations in the USSA, and of course they can’t compete with them. The campesinos went broke and could’t compete and some of them had no choice than abandon their farms and try to cross the border ilegally into the USSA,to find work and survive. If there was no NAFTA,most of these people would have stayed in their home states,in Mexico Farming and surviving. NAFTA has screwed the Amaeicans, Mexicans and Canadians El Pollo de Oro 
Sequoia: Excellent point about how badly NAFTA hurt campesinos in México. Although globalists won’t admit it, there’s a major connection between NAFTA and all the narcoviolencia south of the border. When campesinos lost their livelihood, los carteles took full advantage of that and put them to work. Sonar 
NAFTA was signed into law by President Bill Clinton on December 8, 1993 and entered force January 1, 1994. Although it was signed by President Bush, it was a priority of President Clinton’s, and its passage is considered one of his first successes by the Democrat Party. El Pollo de Oro 
Sonar: NAFTA is one of the many reasons I’m neither a Republi-con nor a Democrap. Clinton and Gore supported NAFTA along with Rush “Pillhead” Limbaugh and the Heritage Foundation. It was bipartisan rape of the American economy. So, bienvenidos, americanos, al tercer mundo. Annette Smith 
Always, follow the money. Danger_Close 
Limbaugh had always been for the Establishment GOP and for Multi National Corporations. He has never cared about what’s best for The Republic   or it’s citizens. 
He threatened to leave for Singapore if Obama was reelected, yet for some reason, he’s still in West Palm Beach. 
Americans ignored Perot, as the ignored Paul. Trouble is, both were right. El Pollo de Oro 
Danger Close: Pillhead Limbaugh also threatened to move to Costa Rica because of the Unaffordable Care Act, which gave me a good laugh because in many parts of Latin America, he would be a prime candidate for the dreaded Desperate People Doing Desperate Things Tax. Pillhead might be OK in Costa Rica, which is one of the safer countries in Latin America. But in Venezuela, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Honduras or Colombia, he would be a prime candidate for a kidnapping. The kidnappers/DPDDTT collectors are no joke in those countries. GSOB 
I like Rush more than I know you. Annette Smith 
Rush was okay when he started. He has become filthy and vulgar. He has been outright disgustingly trashy. I no longer listen to him for years. No one in my family does, anymore. Once you have to resort to vulgarity, you’re nothing. Sally Q 
No, not all of us voted for this crap…many of us either refused to vote (don’t bother with the arguments…), or voted for somebody such as Ron Paul…the problems are not voting; the problems are the banking / corporate conglomerates and various multinational organizations such as the CFR that own the governments of most countries and are deliberately orchestrating these events. If you don’t believe it, do some investigating into the Federal Reserve, the Rothschilds, the Bilderbergs, Trilateral Commission, Council on Foreign Relations and other related people and organizations. Put it together and understand. Chris 
” the problems are the banking / corporate conglomerates and various multinational organizations such as the CFR that own the governments of most countries and are deliberately orchestrating these events” You just made my point. Like I said in my original post, voting is the problem because the majority keep on voting for politicians who are in cahoots with corporate conglomerates, etc. theblues77 
Exactly. You can’t write an accurate article or frame the debate accurately without STARTING with NAFTA. bertinanth764 
my Aunty Caroline got Buick Verano Sedan by working part time at home online. my latest blog post B­i­g­2­9­.­ℂ­o­m GSOB 
troll John O’Neill 
Amen to all of that. It is not just Obama/Biden who caused much of this but it is the millions of Americans who voted for them and who still champion their affirmative action virtuous government. Americans brought this on themselves and as Mencken once said “democracy is people getting what they deserve and getting it good and hard”. Rufus T Firefly 
Does the Rolling Drone article point out that, like Detroit, Camden is a Democratic city that voted overhelmingly for Obama? They are getting the hellhole they deserve. WarriorClass III 
Camden was 89 percent white in 1940 (104,842 out of 117,536 residents), and it was thriving. It attracted a steady flow of black migrants in search of jobs (that they didn’t create, nor could they sustain). By 1980, the city was 53 percent black (45,009 out of 84,910 residents). Only 26,003 white people remained. 
This is how the city of Camden died — no more white residents paying the taxes or maintaining some form of civilization to support the city. Eventually, the same non-white population that overwhelmed Camden started to overwhelm the white suburbs surrounding the city. 
Demography is destiny. 
You meant race is destiny. Mondobeyondo 
Race.. is the 100 meter dash. 1stworlder 
its inverse. The race that usually wins 100 meter dashes loses out at the math test at payday loan offices. luchia 
You are so correct warrior. I live in Camden on Erie St., in 1953. I was a great neighborhood. No crime, but petty stuff. We then moved to N. 24th St. No crime, except the petty. When I would go out and play, Mom would say, be home before dark, and at ages 8,9,10,11, etc., I was gone ALL day long. Couldn’t call Mom either, no phone, oh also no cell phone (lol). Nice clean neighborhoods both of them. Then they build Abbott Village for the low income people and slowly the place deteriorated, it seem like wild fire, slowly thugs and people from Puerto Rico, blacks took over, and it went to crap. Once the whites moved out, it started to become what it is today. Drove thru there about 2 yrs. ago, it was disgusting. Sequoia 
Los Angeles CA has also turned into a hellhole which is expanding to one day turn all of Southern California into one. Sonar 
Inland California is filled with bankrupt hellholes like Stockton and San Bernardino. Annette Smith 
So true, so true! Those of us who grew up there know this to be the absolute truth. Did you know that Los Angeles is filled with illiterate people? There was a news report on the amount of illegals there. So many, now that the whites have moved out, that they are the main population group in Los Angeles city…and they are illiterate. Google it for the story. de malfosse 
luchia; I also lived on Erie St until ’69. There is no public acceptance of that which we witnessed. Hellfire1968 
Baltimore is the way and it is getting worse. k 
They shouldnt have been brought from africa then. Blame politicians, not people. JulietteofOhio 
There’s not a lot we can do about that, now. Politicians didn’t bring them, it was a business, and a very bad one, which has ongoing ramifications for all of us. We’re still stuck trying to take care of them, and they’re still busily biting the hand that feeds them. k 
Its not the ones who are being fed, its the ones who arent. k 
And businesses and politicians have been hand in hand since millenia. They are two sides of the same coin. Hammerstrike 
Who elected the politicians? That´s right! 
Some are more guilty than others but if you are looking for the guilty, you only need to look into a mirror! k 
People elect politicians believing they will do something good. Now if politicians do something bad instead, its their fault not the peoples. The only other alternative is not to vote…and a lot of people do that already. k 
I dont know how i missed your comment. Kim 
This is racist. The failure of Camden and other us cities is connected to de-industrialization which can be connected to an even bigger cause, namely, peak oil in the United States in 1970. I’m not talking about fracking potentials, but cheap, easily-recoverable oil with large investment to energy recovered ratios. After we drained our wells circa 1970, industrialization declined and the jobs (money) went away and the poor were left inhabiting places like Camden and Detroit. This has nothing to do with the color of anyone’s skin. The only connection I see between race and poverty is lack of opportunity, and the governments refusal to be honest and manage the wind down of industry in a rational way. Eventually, we will all be living in similar Camdens, or worse. 
The weapons of mass instruction have done their damage. There are far more poor whites without opportunity than non-whites in America, yet it’s the non-whites that are responsible for more than 80% of the crime. 
The ten most dangerous cities in America all have non-white majority populations, new FBI data has revealed. 
This not-so-surprising news is just the latest piece of evidence that emphasizes a clear correlation between increased non-white immigration and soaring crime figures. 
Refer to The New Century Foundation’s The Color of Crime (2005), an American report on the differences in crime rates by race. It found that: 
• Blacks are seven times more likely than people of other races to commit murder, and eight times more likely to commit robbery. 
• Hispanics commit violent crimes at roughly three times the white rate. 
• Of the nearly 770,000 violent interracial crimes committed every year involving blacks and whites, blacks commit 85 percent and whites commit 15 percent. 
• Blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit a violent crime against a white than vice versa, and 136 times more likely to commit robbery. 
• Blacks are 2.25 times more likely to commit officially-designated hate crimes against whites than vice versa. 
• Only 10 percent of youth gang members are white. 
• Hispanics are 19 times more likely than whites to be members of youth gangs. Blacks are 15 times more likely, and Asians are nine times more likely. 
• Blacks are seven times more likely to be in prison than whites. Hispanics are three times more likely. 
You can keep making excuses for these people, but the facts don’t change. The problems you mention affect us all, but it’s the non-whites committing the crimes. Kim 
Depends on where u live. I don’t believe criminal behavior is oriented in one’s racial DNA, just as I don’t believe one is homosexuality in the womb and from birth. 
Environment, social status, economic status, inequality, and culture play primary roles in adult behavior. 
Then u have the added problem of substance abuse. 
Let’s take a comprehensive look at these statistical outcomes before we make conclusion that if you’re born black or mexican you are destined to have an 80% more probability to commit a violent crime than your white counterparts. Until there is actually something isolated in the human genome pertaining to race and criminal behaviors, I   any reason to take a racist attitude toward crime. WarriorClass III 
To some extent it does seem to depend upon where you live. Minorities in Texas are less violent than in other parts of the country. Nevertheless they are still more violent than whites and there are far more whites that are subjected to adverse pressures with regard to the things you mention, like environment, social status, economic status, inequality, drug use and cultural issues. Overall, non-whites are more impulsive and violent and the strongest correlation is race rather than any other factor. This is just observation of the facts, not racism. Whites are not angels, but you don’t see these problems in majority white cities and neighborhoods. Kim 
It could be cultural, intellectual and emotional as well. It is well known that Italians are hot tempered. Does that mean they are hot tempered BECAUSE they are Italian? Not necessarily, I am of English heritage mostly and my family is very even tempered. But we have our issues. GSOB 
Good point Spain is the only Hispanic nation with more bookstores than woman/male donkey shows. Hammerstrike 
“Minorities in Texas are less violent than in other parts of the country.” 
Everyone is, because there are a lot of guns there! GSOB 
P = Perseverance of the Saints 1stworlder 
IQ has been proven to be at least 85% genetic. This plays out in choices like “should I take a 500+%APR payday loan” or “should I rob a liquor store for $200, which could put me in prison, and prevent me from getting a job at a liquor store” China towns have been some of the poorest neighborhoods in US history but had even less crime than white hoods. Asians are able to succeed because they evolved under similar circumstances as Europeans. Kim 
Ok, no way. Not genetic, it’s environmental, in other words, related to the way you are raised, taught, what sort of examples you have had, I will reach and give u the benefit of nutritional influences. Genetics? Please. No way — this line of thought is akin to predestination, and I don’t believe in predestination, however, if we are talking about some sort of genetic defect, I am open to that. Are u talking about some sort of mental defect that has been diagnosed by a medical doctor? 1stworlder 
Nutrition can only affect it negatively and no one in the US on foodstamps is going to be that deficient. Studies have been done on identical twins separated at birth. The genes for IQ would give no advantage to people in an R style evolution set up where they have to outbreed diseases, High IQ only helps those evolving in K style evolution. If it was environmental 4th generation Hispanics would be able to compete with whites. Reality is what still exists when you stop believing in it. The avg IQ for east Asians is 106, whites 100, Mexicans 90, US/DR blacks 85 and African/Haiti blacks 70. Haiti and the Dominican Republic share a land mass but the avg IQs between the 2 is as great as US vs African blacks due to the histories of each side of the island. Haitis side killed all whites & mixed after slaves where freed while the DR only killed white males. Annette Smith 
Culture. And, the fact that the way your mom and dad brought you up, generally creates your destiny. Oh, that’s culture. Hammerstrike 
Look further than peak oil or even wages, it is still more expensive for China to get oil than for the US and A. 
The Federal Reserve and central banks in europe, through inflation, are redistributing profits from manufacture and other businesses to themselves and their cronies, they backed bloated governements that are sucking national economies even drier. 
As for race… Sonar 
Peak oil have been proven to be a failed theory put out by alarmists in the environmental movement who refuse to acknowledge the fact that oil production is INCREASING! In 2003, the Bakken formation in North Dakota was producing a mere 10,000 barrels a day. Today, it is over 400,000 barrels, and North Dakota has become the fourth-largest oil-producing state in the country. Such “tight” oil could add as much as two million barrels a day to U.S. oil production after 2020—something that would not have been in any forecast five years ago. 
Overall U.S. oil production has increased more than 10% since 2008. Net oil imports reached a high point of 60% in 2005, but today, thanks to increased production and greater energy efficiency (plus the use of ethanol), imports are down to 47%. Kim 
The Bakken oil play is a joke. As are all fracking operations. Hammerstrike 
Not when biological warfare, economic collapse and pandemies are involved! Gay Veteran 
“…So why is all of this happening? Well, there are lots of factors involved of course, but the biggest one is the lack of good jobs in these cities….” 
I expected this article to bring out the people who wants to blame minorities instead of the multi-national corporations. 
attributed to Jay Gould: “I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.” Mondobeyondo 
You know, whenever you discuss Detroit’s politics you run the risk of being racist. 
*sigh* 
Ummm.. you know? I’m tired of hearing the old tired arguments that “anywhere black people run the government, trouble is sure to follow”. 
Just gonna touch on a couple brief points as my time is limited. 
Ladies and gentlemen, may I present….. 
Exhibit #1 The late Nelson Mandela. Black guy, held in prison for 27 years, ran for president, and won. South Africa is a worse, um BETTER country because of Nelson Mandela. 
If there was an African American Republican in charge of Detroit, would it have been any different? Really? I don’t know. Maybe, maybe not. English Kev 
South Africa is better,yeah? That’s what you’re saying,right? Jeesh. 
Nope,, didn’t say that at all. Peter 
There was only one person who walked on water, and it wasn’t Mandela. There was a reason Mandela went to jail. Did you know his wife put tires around peoples necks and set them on fire. While he was busy organizing car bombing in the city. Does the Liberal media or schools teach this. Or are they too busy renaming the school after him. Anonymous 
Have you asked some of the South African farmers if they think S.Africa is a better country after Mandela? jox 
Obviously the people that benefited from segregation and racism feel that life was better with the former social structure. Do we have to worry about them? 1stworlder 
During apartheid there was always heavy immigration as it was better than any black nation. Kim 
It absolutely would not have made one bit of difference whether a democrat or a republican black or white was running Detroit. Detroit was built on cheap oil. It was a city that thrived on industrialization and collapsed under its own weight when de-industrialization began, and the poor were left holding the bag. Race is so completely irrelevant in the collapse of Detroit and Camden, I find it bizarre that we are even discussing it. Just give it time, we will all be living in Camdens of our own soon enough. De-industrialization itself isn’t an evil thing. But refusal to honestly acknowledge it and manage it in a proper way has led to the Camdens of this country. Pablo Solano 
Here, here 1stworlder 
When you replace a population with an avg IQ of 100 with one of 85 you get the 3rdworld. 1stworlder 
Mandella’s family was given a free gold mine and the new black guards they hired sold all the equipment for scrap. Not an ounce of gold has left it since it was given, you would think if you were going to steal from a gold mine you would steal gold not scrap metal. Mondobeyondo 
Three reasons why I’m still awake at 1AM on the Internet. – in no particular order: 
1) Lady Gaga videos 2) People who think all our nation’s problems are because of the Democrats 3) That “Sound of Music” production that Carrie Underwood (who I suspect is a Democrat) starred in on NBC, on December 5th. Malcolm Reynolds 
“People who think all our nation’s problems are because of the Democrats” What do you ascribe them to? Gay Veteran 
BOTH parties. get a clue Malcolm Reynolds 
Oh, I’ve got a clue. It’s a simple question to see what he thinks the issue is. I’m just curious what he thinks. 
Now lets see if you have that much touted clue. Which philosophy? laura m. 
Other hellholes are Reading, Pa. Sections in Baltimore, Gary, Ind., Atlanta; some of these row houses are at least 100 yrs old and not kept up in decades, like Detroit falling into ruins. K & Kim: agree, this is not a time to breed kids either. They will have a zero future. 1stworlder 
Reading PA is a sanctuary city. Boo-urns 
Voting Republican would have made no different. Do you really think the GOP isn’t comprised of the same type of idiots and morons and greedy bastards as the Democrats? Drud 
I agree with the sentiment and I love the handle. Almost makes me want to change my to Hans Moleman. K 
Michael once we had a pretty great Country here. Now we are turning into the world norm, 75% poor, 20% middle class, and 5% rich or near rich. Most of the smaller countries have always had these kind of percentages. Now the larger ones are heading down the same road. It is all part of a long term plan, and that plan is approaching the final chapter. Once this sort of plan would have never worked here, the people would have never stood for it. So perhaps this Country may be more educated than ever before. But it sure isn’t as smart as it once was. kfilly 
Yeah, most that are educated are educated idiots. Most of them don’t have a lick of common sense. Anonymous 
Very true. Some of the most intelligent people are found in the rural areas with little formal education. The song “A Country Boy Can Survive” is likely talking about the Southeast USA. Those people know how to survive and take care of themselves, even when there are no jobs to be found. Annette Smith 
I am living among some of those folks. It’s good to be here. They take care of one another, too! J Hall 
kfilly, they were never really educated. They were trained and indoctrinated. There is a significant difference. Mondobeyondo 
It’s still a great country. Ask anyone from Cambodia what they think of the U.S. 
We are losing the American Dream though. That more than anything, is what made America great. Azrael 
No, what made America great was the wholesale killing of indians to get their land for free. If you would have had to pay for it you would have been in the same position as Mexico. K 
What happened to the Native Americans was wrong, but not unique. Except for the most remote, or undesired land. Every place on earth is soaked with human blood. ,All lands, have at some point been violently taken by someone else. Mans civilized nature is a very thin veneer. In times of crisis, it is quite easily ripped away.Those that doubt that are in for quite a shock, albeit a very short shock. k 
All great countries, at some point have gone down too. K 
Very true. But none of those Countries possessed nuclear weapons. If we fail, what happens next. Do the local warlords take over the nukes? Or do the Russians or the Chinese nuke us, to keep that from happening. Or do they invade en masse to secure the nuclear stockpile. No, if we fail, it will be greatly different than anything witnessed before. k 
Russia, china, india, pak, have the same threat…and more likely than not, they have a greater danger from warlords and economic/societal collapse than america has right now. K 
Russia and China have a strong enough military, to secure their nukes. As Russia already proved when the communists fell. India is actually in better shape than most, and the core of their military is highly professional. Pak. there are already plans in place to invade, to secure their nukes. k 
Not as strong as americas. America has the strongest military in the world. And if you think their military is strong enough to protect their nukes, then my friend you have nothing to worry about with regards to americas capability to protect its nukes. GSOB 
That is for the time being. 
America is the atomic weapons franchise dealer of the world. GSOB 
ACTS 17:26 
And He hath made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation, 
27 that they should seek the Lord, if perhaps they might feel after Him and find Him, though He be not far from every one of us. Annette Smith 
Everything has a shelf life. Kim 
I agree with you. The native Americans were just waiting to be displaced. Someone was going to do it eventually, but, what I find tragic is the WAY they were displaced. I also agree that many are in for quite a shock. I vacillate from being hopeful, to being afraid. Sometimes I feel ambivalent, which I strongly dislike. K 
Until the collapse actually happens, there is nothing wrong with a bit of hope. Fear however can paralyze, I find no use for it. Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst seems a good guideline. Many nowadays get caution confused with fear. Caution comes from wisdom, fear does not. So prepare to the point that you can, but do not forget to live your life.. GSOB 
Matthew 24:6 
“You will be hearing of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not frightened, for those things must take place, but that is not yet the end. 7“For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and in various places there will be famines and earthquakes.… Annette Smith 
My family is gone, except for my son. I am glad that he has chosen to not marry and have kids. So, I only have him to worry about. I would hate to have grand-children in this world. I would worry so much about them. I grew up in the 50’s in a neighborhood that was like Ozzie and Harriet. I miss that place. Anyway, I’m glad that I won’t have immediate family to worry about. Patrick Mallahan 
Only the strong survive, it’s nature. J Hall 
Azrael, the initial settlers did well with the indigenous peoples. Both benefited from the other. What happened is when the ruling class realized that the wilderness they were banishing the undesirables to was, in fact, a very wealthy land – they sent their own to pillage it as they had done everywhere else they could reach. Mondobeyondo 
Not really. Nations all over the world have this tendency of killing off their native citizens for their (the conquerors’) own benefit. Australia for one. 
There are exceptions (Japan, Sweden, etc)… but not many. FUKyiah 
Native Americans were angels who never killed each other and they never fought over land. Is this the crap they teach the kiddies in public school nowadays? Azrael 
No, but they do teach us that it was their land, not yours, and you slaughtered them for it. Which makes you far more evil than they ever were. GSOB 
Prove how that made America great… K 
You can always find someplace worse. But my friend consider this. Forty years ago, people from Germany wanted to come here, not so much anymore. We were the great experiment. Could a nation prosper without the greedy psychotic few ruling it? Well it seems the experiment is over, and they getting ready to eliminate the lab rats. Anonymous 
Ask almost anyone in the military if people from other countries are still hanging around the military bars to get a spouse to get to the USA. The answer is still “yes.” Dave Jenkins 
Because most of them living in those other countries who want to marry a spouse to get to the USA still believe that the streets in the USA are paved with gold and money grows on every American tree. Until they arrive.. then they wake up and smell the coffee. I am sure most of them wanted to immigrate to the USA even in 1935 in the depths of the Great Depression. My point : they don`t know any better. FUKyiah 
They used to want to come to the U.S. for freedom and opportunity…..now they want free government cheese! Parasites! Patrick Mallahan 
‘The American Dream’ relied heavily on only a small portion of the world prospering. Now that everyone wants ‘The American Dream’ there aren’t enough of the scraps left from the fat cats to allow it. Malcolm Reynolds 
If the American Dream relied on so little, how come when the concept is expanded there’s just not enough? Patrick Mallahan 
Because based on my comment you replied to, ‘The American Dream’ only works when a small portion of the world population is experiencing it. Every time a new person takes part in ‘The American Dream’ it takes away from those already enjoying ‘The American Dream’ GSOB 
DEFINE:‘The American Dream’ 
If you can only do that, you’d be speaking for yourself as to what that is. 
You don’t understand the half of what you pretend to know. k 
Thats a very good point! 
If i am not mistaken i think it was bill clinton who said, america with 5% of the world population consumes 20 % of the worlds resources, and he likes to keep it that way. 
Not trying to criticise america or anything, given the chance every country will try to do that. GSOB 
It is glaringly obvious that ‘The American Dream’ is but materialism to you. 
‘The American Dream’ did not rely on a small portion of the world for it to propser,… as you say. 
You have missed the boat. Go play with your XBOX 1stworlder 
The American dream require only that my grandfather didn’t have to pay for Latrina’s 14 illegitimate kids provisioning. Low IQ 3rdworlders bring everything around them down just like in Detroit. Patrick Mallahan 
What it basically comes down to is, do you think it’s the responsibility of the intelligent to take care of the unintelligent? My answer is no. Annette Smith 
Unfortunately, that is true. I went back to California for a visit. I drove through parts of the better areas of Los Angeles. Santa Monica and West L.A. were where we visited. I could not believe the screaming yellow paint of the hispanic businesses and how garish they had turned to place into. They can only bring with them what they know. How sad. beckjeremy . 
The fact you use Cambodia, a country not too long ago bombed into the stone age, as a reference point with which to compare the US says it all. Mondobeyondo 
Didn’t have to be Cambodia though. Matter of fact, we have a habit of building up countries that we’ve bombed. Japan, Germany, Iraq… El Pollo de Oro 
Guatemala is a great country compared to Somalia. To the average Somali, Guatamala City would be a big step up. But to globalists, the problem with Guatemala is that it isn’t Third World enough and needs to be more like Somalia. Rogoraeck 
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! Annette Smith 
Any strong country has to be reduced to nothing, for their to be a One World Gov. Right? 
And while Bingham makes $20K a year, Congress is considering – only considering, mind you – capping spending on official portraits (oil paintings) at $20K each. Currently, a portrait can cost much more than $20K. Rodster 
Eventually this will all lead to a total social breakdown. It’s happening ALL around the world. Places like China are having to dumping cheap money into their system to keep their citizens (all 1.2 billion) from going ballistic. 
So in the end as we get closer to a total global economic collapse we are going to read more of these stories. 
At some point Amerikans will say enough and that’s when the Tanks, Paramilitary and Militarized Police depts are called in against an UNARMED nations. Douglas M. Green 
djgrooveline posted a video on youtube last week showing a mile or more of railcars with light armored vehicles being transported. You have to assume that DHS preparing with assault weapons, ammo, gear and armored vehicles is no coincidence to our economic decay and decline in these years of $ trillion deficits and “recovery.” greanfinisher . 
This is why the politicians want to disarm the people. JSB 
All the while stock indices soar to new heights. Azrael 
That’s not soaring for wealth, it’s inflation. 1stworlder 
you can melt down a pre 1965 quarter and get over $5 of silver, that’s how bad inflation is James 
Michael, 
Might I suggest taking a look at Thom Hartmann. he recent wrote a book called the crash of 2016. He is liberal in nature but criticizes Obama and the democrats all the time. I have just started the book but based off interviews he is saying that Obama is doing what Bush and his advisors tried to do before 2008. That is delay the crash until he leaves office. Hartmann even suggests that the crash will be before 2016 and that it is long term decline not one epic crash as you have often stated. 1stworlder 
While he has a point about cycles he ignores that leftist George Soros caused in UK to the pound, what he claims the right is trying to do here, instead of leftist Soros slopupy 
Here is a young man that wants to get married, have a family and do all the right things, but the economy is so bad that he fears that this may never be possible for him. Uhhh…and the problem is?? XSANDIEGOCA 
Let’s all go to Hawaii! Bushisugly 
What has America become? Is it fair to draw comparisons to an Orwellian state? Well maybe it is not that far from the truth, so let’s make some comparisons. 
The first and most obvious similarity is the surveillance of everyone. As the NSA completely unchallenged expands it’s storage capabilities toward infinity, and cameras are popping up everywhere, there will ulitimatly be no place to hide. Not even your thoughts are safe. In an Orwelian society one do have “food rations”, in an American society one have “food stamps”. They are basicly the same, and the percentage that rely upon them in our American system are well into the double digits and rising fast, soon to effect the vast majority of us in true Orwellian style. 
As in the totalitarian Oceania, the totalitarian America is run by a shadowy despot who’s identity doesn’t remain clear to the public. In our case most probably a group of ultra-rich and a selected few military commanders, their exact identity and the level of cooperation between them, remains pretty much in the dark. In America, though, the totalitarian system is dressed up like a to-party-democracy, arguably making it even harder for the common man to hold the rigth people accountable for what is happening. Not even Owrell thought of that. 
And of course, the history are being alternated in front of our eyes. Are you one of the numerous Americans that believe the cold blooded murder of a quarter million innocent civilians in Hiroshima and Nagasaki (perhaps the single biggest crime during WWII) was an act of heroism? If so you believe in a giant lie, which for years have been presented to us as a indisputable fact. Sadly not the only example of a lie turned into fact, especially not if you consider withholding the truth as a lie. 
So what about those who have rebellious thoughts, what happen to them? Well first of all there are no such things as revolutionaries in America, only terrorists. And such elements of society can of course be put in prison for as long as our masters seems fit, with or without any formal charges against them. Though, such measures are usually not necessary because everybody knows that people who speak against the American moddel are nutters, that is after all what the media constantly keeps telling us, and when the media is directly run by a selected few from the elite, can legally lie, and make sure to drown any kind of alternative opinions by constantly spamming the internett and our TV-screens with the same junk-news and zombifying entertainment day after day after day, it becomes pretty obvious why people end up rather compliant. Sounds like a familiar story? 
No wonder then why Americans apparently love their “Big Brother”, I mean, why else would we collectively pay trillions of dollars to bail our “pupet masters” following the financial crisis in 2008, without staging as much as a proper protest? 
Not so much difference after all perhaps? It might still be some years to og before we are there, but things are deteriorating fast and the future looks rather bleake. Unless, of course, you lern to master the art of “dubblethink”. GSOB 
Our country has been sold out long ago. Our current leadership on the hill will continue this to achieve the liberal version of it.. Guest 
And some will say the solution is to vote them all out in the next election. Right. We’ve been hearing that for years, and yet the same politicians are voted back into office. Nothing will change. We’re told that approval ratings for the Congress and the President are at new lows, but it doesn’t matter. The President will go on lying to the American people. And the Congress will continue to do nothing about this nation’s growing indebtedness except make it worse. There won’t be a turnaround. The slow death will continue until there are no vital signs whatsoever. Rodster 
It’s very sad but true. ConcernedAmerican 
Politicians are selected, but not by the voters. GSOB 
“Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.” – Josef V. Stalin 
hey gary, you must be s proud Rodster 
This is Gary’s Progressive/Keynesian world so he needs to embrace it with lots of love. Guest 
The Rolling Stone article referred to above states a quarter of a billion dollars flows through the open-air drug markets in Camden. Tax the drug dealers HARD, and spread the wealth! Rodster 
This story hot close to home. I remember working on a vehicle for a young couple and the wife to me here and her husband were in debt (dental college) for $374k. She said it was hard paying the bills and here and her husband were getting by even though they were renting a nice house in a gated community. Bill 
I wonder if Camden will get station #2 for dispensing o-gas? Bill 
Although the original article for this story is traced to a satirical website it is still good cabal fodder as it could lead to street violence which could lead in turn to martial law. This “is” what the cabal wants. GSOB 
Propaganda is truly phenomenal! Roddy Pfeiffer 
Being on top of the heap is only temporary, as America is finding out. When other countries learn to manufacture what we make, they will do it cheaper and we will no longer have jobs. Did we think we could keep all this a secret forever? Tractor 
Send him and his family to sunny Detroit for a couple of years. They can stay in my cardboard box on S. Michigan Ave. bloggo 
The problem is while the rest of the worlds cities and infrastructure where lying in ruins in the fifties after the war there was no competition to US. Its easy to be superpower when NO competition. Go the olympics while all other competitors have a ball and chain. As they recovered the truth comes home.They are a bunch of people who have stole N America from the inhabitants by brutal violence. They will get the due wrath. Alasha 
“Bobby Bingham works four jobs in Kansas City, Missouri, yet he has very little to show for it.” 
i worked “three jobs mon and trust me it is is n fun. totally hated every breathing moment…. wondering why did God let me wake up again today. Just a smidget of improvement since i have my $60k job yr past 4 years in this high cost of living area where 2 bedroom apartments can easily go for $4k a month…. now my every other breathing moment is hated and i wake every other day wondering why did He let me live another day……….. sort of. Alasha 
Ben & Jerrys, now owned by British-Dutch Unilever 
AMC theaters, now owned by the Chinese 
7-Eleven, now owned by the Japanese company, Seven & I Holdings 
Gerber, now owned by the Swiss pharmaceutical giant, Novartis 
Firestone, now owned by the Japanese Bridgestone Corporation 
Trader Joes, now owned by German billionaires Karl and Theo Albrecht 
Dial soap, now owned by Henkel KGaA, based in Dusseldorf, Germany 
Really – wow I dont want to buy or use ANY of these products,,,, I thought i was supporting our community… Especially with Trader Joes which i Love……. BUMMMER Klenzade 
Nestles bought Gerber from Novartis two years ago. xander cross 
More proof that it’s white men that are sending the jobs to Europe and China. JoeD 
We all want the first world standard of living but no one is willing to pay more than the third world price. All of this is fine so long as it doesn’t come to my neighborhood! Colin 
I feel our country has two types of cities; the cities that are gentrifying, like San Francisco and Washington, DC, and the cities that are dying, like Camden and Detroit. Anonymous 
I didn’t know San Fran was doing well. Last I heard, their homeless population was really growing. Also, who can afford to live in California? Seriously, what kind of work are people doing that they can afford to live in California, New York, and New Jersey? Whenever I look at their home prices and what one gets for the money, I have to make sure I am sitting down to endure the shock. Sonar 
Both San Francisco and Washington DC have huge homeless populations and both cities are controlled by the wealthy Democrat elite. 1stworlder 
He meant Oakland. San Fran people found out they can up armor houses and pay 24/7 security guards for less than living in San Fran. Annette Smith 
Well said, Anonymous! As I’ve mentioned before, I am from San Diego. The cost of housing is ridiculous! El Pollo de Oro 
Colin: I’ve said many times that cities run by Democraps tend to fall into two extreme categories. You have the ultra-expensive, hyper-gentrified yuppie ghettoes like Boston, New York, Seattle, and Denver (the places where there is a Starbucks on every corner). And you have the crime-infested, rotting horror movies like Detroit, Camden, Gary, Newark, etc. Philly, where I live, is a combination of the two: it’s Starbucks and Whole Paycheck in some places and toothless crack whores in others. Orange Jean 
El P., I wouldn’t exactly place Boston in a “hyper-gentrified yuppie” category. The reason being, while there are plenty of neighborhoods and nearby cities (Cambridge for example) have large areas that are more often frequented by tourists that qualify – there are also large, horribly poverty stricken neighborhoods that are right up there with Detroit. 
I used to work in the heart of Roxbury, at the Boston Public Health Commission. Roxbury is a very high crime neighborhood of Boston, that looks like something out of a bombed out WWII movie. It was very dangerous to be there at night, I’m sure it still is… 
And even though a place like Cambridge is known for Harvard Square and plenty of hoity-toity neighobrhoods… it also has neighborhoods (some parts of North and East Cambridge for example) that are very high crime similar to Detroit. When I lived in North Cambridge back in the mid-70s and my son was in grammar school… he told me he was afraid of the gangs they had, little kids in 1st and 2nd grade… holding up little old ladies at knife point. El Pollo de Oro 
Matter of fact, a good friend of mine grew up in Roxbury (the North Philly of Boston). I know that some parts of Dorchester are also really hard. But I think that overall, Boston has a much higher “Starbucks factor” (as I call it) than Baltimore, for example. Baltimore has a handful of gentrified neighborhoods, but most of it is a war zone. 1stworlder 
By gentrifying you mean white people with no kids moving in. Imaplaneiac 
Fellow bloggers, a few days ago, I found that the RNC has restored e-mail capability to their web site: http://www.gop.gov . It was removed from their site after the Nov 2012 so-called Presidential ” Election “. I had then wrote the RNC TWICE supplying them with links to reports of WIDESPREAD voter fraud. The RNC FAILED to reply to BOTH of my reports!? But they DID delete e-mail capability; preventing comments from alarmed Americans such as myself! So, the other day, I BLASTED the RNC. YOU may want to do likewise; especially following CAVER Boehner’s recent tirade about the Tea Party! His remarks leave NO DOUBT that he is complicit with the objectives of the DEMONcrats! By his actions … he REGULARLY kisses their rings and CAVES to them! Mondobeyondo 
Your town or city is next. Trust me. You’re in the crosshairs. 
Camden today, Des Moines tomorrow, Hellfire1968 
and Baltimore the next day. hero 
I used to live in Philly & consider it my 2nd home. Whenever I rode PATCO & passed through Camden, I broke my heart looking at deserted homes & empty city blocks. Absolutely no economic activity & all I hear on Action News was about people going there to buy drugs. 
It is true…When Blacks & Hispanics moved in, whole neighborhoods got destroyed & Camden never recovered from it. North Philly & West Philly are beginning to look like Camden but time will tell. Mondobeyondo 
I’ve never lived east of the Mississippi River. I do not know what life is like in New York City, or New Orleans, or Philly, Detroit, etc.Can’t speak for those places. I’ve HEARD of Cabrini Green, the Detroit projects, etc. Personal experience? Zero. 
Is it really that bad in Philly? Because it’s bad here in Phoenix, Arizona. If you are looking for the promised land, don’t come here. You won’t find it here. 
Phoenix is suburbia gone berzerk; Las Vegas is suburbia gone berzerk with casinos. I live in one, been to the other often. Anonymous 
New Orleans does not look like it ever recovered from Hurricane Katrina. IMO it looks like a third world country now. NOLA used to be a beautiful city that could rival the beauty of Savannah. Now you don’t want to go outside the tourist areas in NOLA or Savannah IMO. grumpyhillbilly 
The positives for Philadelphia is it has very good med schools and universities. Pharmaceutical companies do research with the med schools, but prefer to work outside the city There are a few posh neighborhood, but they are increasingly getting invaded by criminal. Other than that its a decaying dump. Get past the historical areas and center city, I don’t think they’ve picked up the trash for years. By they – I mean the unioned city trash collectors. Kill a cop – you’ll get swift justice, but don’t bother that union for results in any other circumstances. Many buildings are crumbling. If you look at them side way you can still see there onetime grandeur. If it weren’t for the state, Philadelphia would have likely been the first city to have declared bankruptcy. The schools are teetering on whatever collapse you can think of. But the city Democrat machine is doing quite well. As is the union leadership, despite their dwindling membership. Corruption is thriving. El Pollo de Oro 
Mondobeyondo: Philly is a tale of two cities. You have the crime-infested, dilapidated Philly (Kensington, North Philly, Germantown, Strawberry Mansion, Frankford), and you have the expensive gentrified areas that are full of yuppies with a Starbucks everywhere you turn. I know people here who are doing really well and others who are barely scraping by. Cities run by Democraps range from ultra-expensive places like Boston, San Francisco and Seattle to hellholes like Camden and Detroit, and Philly has both extremes. And such extremes are to be expected in a Third World country like the BRA. Sonar 
Middle class families have been largely priced out of San Francisco and Seattle. Both those cities have a small wealthy Democrat elite who run everything and a lot of poor and homeless people who are totally dependent on government handouts like welfare, food stamps and rent subsidies. Anonymous 
Detroit wasn’t destroyed. It committed suicide. MeMadMax 
We paid for NAFTA and all the other so called “free trade” agreements with out country… Rene Girrard 
Thanks Michale for posting another great article. I’m afraid you are so right that the middle class is dying. Why is there no talk of this on the MSM or even internet news sites? A couple in their 50’s just moved out right below me. They wanted to move to some place cheaper so they set u their 35-foot camper at an RV park just north of Ft. Worth. They are paying $300/month for the space, electric & water. It is far cheaper than what they were paying here at the extended stay hotel. There is also an article on Drudge now about people living in their RVs in NYC. I think this may be a trend in the future. smallergovnow 
I’m considering doing just that. sell my house, buy a fifth wheel trailer and piece of land in the country… Anonymous 
When enough people do it, this too will become unaffordable. xander cross 
Funny how all of the companies that was sold to other countries are were sold by white men. So once again, who exactly is sending the jobs to other countries? The answer is WHITE MEN. Guest 
Welcome back sander floss! We missed you…NOT!! xander cross 
I see you yet again and of course, you cannot refute my statement. Sonar 
We see that you cannot substantiate your racist and bigoted comments. xander cross 
Pot, meet kettle. luchia 
Maybe, they “unionized” themselves out of a job. The owner of a company, didn’t want to pay union wages, got his goods made for cheaper outside the USA. Anonymous 
Yeah, who wants to pay those working class people a wage they can actually live on? How dare the workers form a union. How dare those workers demand humane working conditions and hours. Instead of forming unions, workers should have just jumped in front of their employer’s gunfire at Blair Mountain. Instead of forming unions, workers should have just been quiet and and happy about the company heads that do little real work becoming billionaires off of other people’s work and back. Meanwhile, employers have found a way to get free labor through internships and volunteering. 
Americans work more than any other industrialized country. Americans deserve to be paid for their time, hard work, and their backs. No single person at any company should be making 7+ figure salaries. Every employer screams “We are a team” until it is time to cut the paychecks. Then, they pretend that some people on the team are less valuable than other people on the team. Malcolm Reynolds 
In case you didn’t notice with all that leftist pap and whining, wages seem to be directly proportional to skills. 
If you’re a moron whose job can be filled by basically calling out “NEXT!”, you can expect to make peanuts. If your job is very hard and there are very few of you, you can expect to make boat loads of money. 
This is called life honey boo boo. Now go flip a burger, make a buck. Snore! Anonymous 
So, are you suggesting a CEO should “be paid peanuts?” What specific “skills” do those at the top of the food chain possess to justify their salary? Have you ever watched them come down from their temperature controlled offices to attempt to do the real work on the show “Undercover Bosses?” Malcolm Reynolds 
LMAO! You make minimum wage doncha? DiscouragedOne 
Do you have any actual experience and facts to base your conclusions on, or you ACTUALLY believe what is on reality shows is real. Man, this country is messed up! Anonymous 
I guess it is better for employers to be allowed to treat workers any way they want to. Perhaps working conditions in the USA should be as they are in China; where some factories have had to place suicide nets to catch the workers that are so miserable they are flinging themselves out of the windows. Is that a better solution than workers forming unions? Malcolm Reynolds 
BTW, you’re clearly advocating a govt corporate blending, which is Fascism and is what currently exists in this country.. Gay Veteran 
profits are easy when you have slave labor in China MrsBulldoggy . 
You think all the evil in the world is perpetrated by white men? You are a racist, bigoted fool! There are many examples of narcissistic, evil murderers in this world that were not white: *Blacks in Rwanda committing mass genocide in 1994 (nothing to do with white men) *Pol Pot in the 1970’s exterminating anyone who would not turn to communism in Cambodia (nothing to do with white men) *Kim Jong Un and Il starving and murdering their own people (nothing to do with white men) *Chairman Mao murdering 50 Million+ of his own Chinese people during the 20th century (nothing to do with white men) *Arabic Muslims in Saudi Arabia, Syria, Iran and other middle eastern and north African countries slaughtering non-muslims because they are infidels (has NOTHING to do with white men) The list goes on and on and on. Crimes against humanity have happened in history against all people of every color and creed by all people of every color and creed. Evil is not the sole domain of white men, evil comes in all shapes, sizes, colors, genders, religions, non-religions, creeds. To put forth otherwise makes one look like an illiterate fool that is spouting racist, bigoted rhetoric. BTW, you don’t know if all these people are white or not, Xander. The wealthiest man on Earth right now is a MEXICAN (NOT WHITE MAN) named Carlos Slim. He has his hands in everything just like all the other wealthy men and women who are billionaires. Pull your head out of your southern orifice and get a clue… xander cross 
I see you failed at reading. I never said all evil are perpetrated by white men. I said that white men sent the jobs to china for over 30 years and still do so to this very day. So, white men are the problem. MrsBulldoggy . 
No, Xander you fail at logic and critical reasoning. You have problems, seriously, Xander. Mental health issues that I do not wish to deal with nor am I qualified to handle. I just feel sorry for you and your insane, inane and seriously deranged rantings and ravings. Nothing else to say except God Bless and get some help as soon as you can. xander cross 
I feel that you’re going to need help when white men finish sending the jobs and resources to china and then send them water resources as well. Lets see how funny this is going to be. Sonar 
xander cross appears to have forgotten to take medications today to control delusional thinking? xander cross 
Why are you continuing to promote medications in China? The fact that you know that your medicine companies are sold to china now, suggest to me that you need mental help. xander cross 
Every company that Michael has listed was sold by white men. So once again, white men are the ones that sending the jobs to China for greed. So, this proves to me that white men turned china into an economic superpower. luchia 
Maybe, they got sick and tired of dealing with all the union b.s. Malcolm Reynolds 
racist. xander cross 
So who exactly sold all of the jobs to china then? The answer would be white men. Malcolm Reynolds 
Think deeper. I know it’s hard for someone whose posts litter this page like so much garbage and cant get past the color of someone’s skin, but give it a shot anyway. 
Apply whatever electrons you manage to get firing towards govt and redistribution of wealth and then get back to me. Sonar 
xander cross is delusional again ConcernedAmerican 
Excellent article. Thank you for making the points about education and it’s cost. I recently read that Rockefeller took a 10 WEEK course to become a bookkeeper. How did we go from needing 10 weeks to begin a career to spending half our lives in school before we can begin a career, or a family? Mondobeyondo 
Michael is right. The middle clTass is dying. It doesn’t have to be that way, but we kind of chose our fate. Too busy listening to Lady Gaga, and following her example to the T. 
That stands for Trouble, and that rhymes with 
Okay, that’s enough 
As I was saying, Lady Gaga. She lives for the applause, and she’s in love with Judas. If she is your example of Miss America, well… 
; DiscouragedOne 
I don’t listen to Gaga and am not familiar (nor will I ever be) but I do remember “t and that rhymes with p and that stands for pool”, she sounds like a copycat. Mondobeyondo 
Camden 2013? Looks more like Warsaw 1943. El Pollo de Oro 
What’s the difference between Berlin in 1945 and Camden in 2013? Berlin in 1945 looked a lot better. FounderChurch 
We have. Cursed God and now it’s time for America to die and go to hell. We’ve killed our children with demonic Birth Control and refuse to repent. It’s all over. Pablo Solano 
Really. We need more people? Why didn’t I think of that. FounderChurch 
The answer to your question is: We need more of THE RIGHT KIND, and fewer of the wrong kind. 
By that I mean dumb America haters and I think you would qualify on both counts. 
Why do you pretend to be so dense and dumb? You know what I meant to start with, and if you are too slow to get it, well then, I just told you. Pablo Solano 
How very Christian of you. And who decides who are the RIGHT kind of people, YOU? What in my comment leads you to believe I hate America? Dumb and Dense? coming from an individual who believes in a supernatural spirit that hears prayers. Yer right. FounderChurch 
Being an admitted Atheist you have no standing to correct any Religious Believer. Stick to your own kind, and be kind to everyone else. 
As to evaluating who are the right kind of people, just about anyone’s opinion would be better than no opinion or standards at all. 
We have standards people have to meet for thousands of things, rights and privaledges, why not standards for being a parent? Got anything against that? Afraid you could not muster up? I doubt you have any children or would ever want any. Just guessing. Your object is to prevent anyone else from having any children. GSOB",0
7467,Uber Hires NASA Engineer for VTOL ’Flying Car’ Project - Breitbart,"Uber has hired NASA engineer Mark Moore as Director of Engineering for their flying car project “Uber Elevate,” which seeks to expand the cab service into airborne travel. [Moore worked at NASA “as an advanced aircraft engineer and basically kickstarted the current interest in vertical   and landing craft for   urban flight with a 2010 paper on the feasibility of the   vehicles. ”  “The engineer was impressed by Uber’s work on the subject, and saw a chance to make the vision he’d originally articulated years ago into something real, in a reasonable time scale,” according to TechCrunch. “Moore said that key to his decision to join Uber was that the company seemed to have a practical business case for making a flying commuter transit service real  —   and nothing would ever get done without market motivation behind the vision. ” Uber’s plans for a flying service were first hinted at in September 2016 by Uber’s Chief Product Officer Jeff Holden. In an interview, Holden shared his interest in “vertical takeoff and landing” vehicles (VTOL) claiming, “It could change cities and how we work and live. ” Holden added that he wanted to offer his customers “as many options as possible to move around,” and that passenger drone technology could be a fully functioning norm within a decade. “VTOL is another way to do that,” said Holden, after talking about ways to decrease city traffic. Uber’s Head of Product for Advanced Programs, Nikhil Goel, confirmed in a statement that Moore would be working on VTOL vehicles. “Uber continues to see its role as an catalyst to the growing developing VTOL ecosystem,” said Goel in the statement. “We’re excited to have Mark join us to work with companies and stakeholders as we continue to explore the use case described in our white paper. ” In 2015, rapper   and other   individuals, including members of the Saudi Arabian royal family, invested $20 million in JetSmarter, which has been billed as “the Uber for flying,” while an Israeli tech firm is also prepared to launch their   drone service in 2020, following 15 years of development. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.  ",0
7468,How to Plan a Weekend Getaway - The New York Times,"Can’t take time off for a weeklong vacation? Getting away for a weekend is still a way to recharge your batteries, said Shawna Huffman Owen, the president of Huffman Travel, a travel consultancy based in Chicago. “If you plan well,” she said, “a quick trip can be a great break and even feel longer than it is. ” As a frequent weekend vacationer, she has plenty of advice on getting the most out of a little time off. Here, her top tips: KNOW YOUR GOAL Do you want to completely disconnect and relax, be active, hit popular nightclubs and restaurants or bond with your family? “Your weekend trip will be a waste if it doesn’t accomplish what you’re looking to do,” Ms. Huffman Owen said. Travelers interested in cultural attractions, for example, might not appreciate a stay in a countryside retreat with few sights nearby, while those who like to be pampered wouldn’t enjoy a property without a spa or one where the spa is small and has a limited menu of services. Plan a trip according to what interests you most. PICK AN    DESTINATION Enjoying your destination  —   not spending all of your time traveling to and from it  —   is crucial when you have limited time off. Consider places that are within a   drive or a nonstop flight from home. For travelers who live on the East Coast or in the Midwest of the United States, Ms. Huffman Owen’s favorite spots for weekend trips include South Beach, Charleston, Quebec City, Montreal, Newport and the New England region West Coast and Southwest residents could consider Cabo San Lucas or San Miguel de Allende in Mexico and Big Sur, Vancouver, Seattle, Sonoma and Napa. FULFILL A DREAM The exception to choosing an easily accessible destination, Ms. Huffman Owen said, is using your weekend getaway to fulfill a travel fantasy such as flying to Paris to have dinner in that    restaurant you have always wanted to dine at, going to London to catch a tennis match at Wimbledon or heading to Morocco for a   trek in the Sahara, a trip that the adventure travel company Epic Tomato can arrange. “Trips like these may require more effort and a bigger budget,” she said, “but they will be ones that you will never forget and can be rejuvenating in their own way. ” DO YOUR HOMEWORK Planning is crucial to making the most of your weekend away and avoiding disappointment. If you’re heading to a spa, for example, be sure to book treatments and fitness classes as far in advance as possible because many spas can be fully booked on weekends, and exercise classes, such as spinning, may have a limit on the number of participants. It’s also a good idea to book tables at nightclubs and restaurants, and reserve theater tickets and poolside and beachside cabanas at resorts.",0
7469,What François De La Rochefoucauld Has To Teach Us About Cynicism,"Is there any merit in taking a cynical view of life? Are the observations of cynicism realistic, brave observations on human nature, freed from sentimentality, or are they only the somber commentary offered by one who is a loser at the game of life, taking solace in his weakness and failure? There are compelling arguments either way. What is not disputed, however, is that François de La Rouchefoucauld was one of the most brilliantly cynical epigrammers who ever lived.
It probably did not help that he came from a long line of noblemen, for nothing so enfeebles the soul as much as inherited wealth and titles. He was born in 1613 and inherited the title of duke on the death of his father in 1650. Receiving the usual education of his class, he dabbled in military matters in his teens. Various itinerant love affairs followed with well-placed women, but some of these ended badly; we find him imprisoned in Bastille for a week in 1636 for political intrigue.

Although married, he continued to pursue other women, as was the custom of the time and his station. Marriages in those days were business affairs to be ignored at each party’s pleasure or necessity; one such dalliance resulted in an illegitimate child, but the woman eventually rejected him for a more appealing competitor. In 1652 he found himself mixed up with a quasi-revolt called the Fronde, an adventure that left him with impaired sight when he was struck with a musket ball in the head. Health problems also intervened to add to his misery in the form of gout and melancholy.
In late seventeenth century France, the Paris salons were centers of debate, discussion, and the flowering of controversial ideas. By now La Rochefoucauld had acquired an acrid talent for stinging prose, and he knew how to use it. His failures in love and war had primed his spirit for a cynical view of life, and this predilection meshed well with the taste of the salons for savage wit. Nothing is so shallow as sophistication.
From his frequent visits to the salon of Mme. de Sable in Paris, he had begun to piece together a body of epigrams that represented his worldview. One of his peers had more commercial goals in mind, for a bootleg collection of 189 of his sayings was first published without his permission (and with no attribution) in 1663. Two years later he finally put out a proper edition; this contained 317 maxims. The volume was titled Sentences et maximes morales , but this is usually shortened to Maxims. 
There is a philosophy here. It centers around the idea that all men are self-seeking egoists to a fault; any “virtue” a man displays is only a smokescreen concealing his self-love: “Our virtues are only vices in disguise.” Human vanity takes precedence over nearly all else: “Virtues are lost in self-interest, as rivers are in the sea.” Even the nobler emotions like love and altruism, according to La Rochefoucauld, are only a “kind of traffic in which self-love ever proposes to be the gainer.” He took a dim view of women, finding them fit only for love (for men such as himself, of course) and procreation. One of his crueler maxims was “few women’s worth lasts longer than their beauty.”

But life’s realities eventually caught up with him, softening his rougher edges. His wife, who had cared for him in his infirmities for eighteen years, died in 1670; his mother’s death followed two years later. Two of his sons would eventually die of injuries received in France’s ruinous wars of the period.
This gloomy picture was brightened by the entry into his life of the Mme. de La Fayette, who was twenty years his junior. She invited him to stay with her in Paris, and he was carried there with difficulty. She seems to have viewed him as a reform project; she would later say that “He gave me understanding, but I reformed his heart.” Perhaps his fame made him an interesting captive. The union worked, and seemed to alleviate his dark picture of humanity; and when his final hours came, he asked for, and received, the last rites of the Church in 1680.
A fair assessment of La Rochefoucauld must take into account his undeniable wit, his probing sensitivity, and his ability to strip away the pretenses behind many human actions. Yet all in all, his maxims are meager in result. Many of them are superficial and shallow, the product of a personality still nursing the wounds of an early disillusionment. We weary of his aphorisms after two or three pages, and hesitate to reopen his book later.
Worse still, he was wrong to say that virtue and altruism are shams. Nothing is more vital to life, and we can see them around us every day, if only we know where to look, and as long as our senses are not blinded by fear. Timor animi auribus officit , as Sallust says: fear blocks out the ears.

Any bitter weakling can be a cynic, but it takes depth of character to accept the world’s—and man’s—faults and foibles, and to balance those against man’s unquestioned capacity for greatness of soul. Broader life experiences might have corrected La Rochefoucauld’s errors, but he preferred to remain in a state of arrested development while receiving the applause and notoriety of Paris society. His maxims can bring smiles to our faces, as it is easy to find amusement in the flaws of others; yet we forget that his barbs were directed at us as well.
Montaigne was far wiser, for he took a balanced view of life, accepting the world’s absurdities and joys with the equanimity and calm resolution of a Greek or Roman sage. He was also a better man. La Rochefoucauld was intelligent without being wise, and never found the confidence in himself to submit his ego to the consolatory power of a higher philosophical authority in any form. Cynicism, in the end, strips a man of his most important protective armor, and leaves him naked to face the cruelties of life. No cynic ever died a happy man.
Read More: 7 Tips On How To Get Into The Best Shape Of Your Life 
",0
7470,Hillary Clinton Aide Says Little Thought Was Given to Potential Issues Over Private Email - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Hillary Clinton’s chief of staff at the State Department said in sworn testimony released Tuesday that Mrs. Clinton’s advisers gave little thought to the problems her private email server might create if they were forced to turn over her communications under public records law. “Certainly from my standpoint, I wish that had been something we thought about,” Cheryl D. Mills, who was chief of staff when Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state, testified in a deposition on Friday in a lawsuit against the State Department brought by a conservative legal group. Ms. Mills’s comments  —   contrite at times, defensive at others  —   represented the first sworn public accounting from a member of Mrs. Clinton’s inner circle about the controversy over her exclusive use of a private email account during her State Department tenure. The issue, which has dogged her presidential campaign for more than a year, flared up again last week after the release of a highly critical investigation by the State Department’s inspector general that found Mrs. Clinton was not authorized to use the private server. Mrs. Clinton declined to be interviewed for that inquiry. Ms. Mills insisted during nearly seven hours of testimony that Mrs. Clinton’s use of the private clintonemail. com account, housed on a server in her home, was “absolutely not” an attempt to evade the Freedom of Information Act, as many of her critics have charged. She acknowledged, however, that the account was tightly held. Unless Mrs. Clinton emailed other officials first from her account, they had to go through gatekeepers in Mrs. Clinton’s office to get her email address. Even top officials like Rahm Emanuel, the White House chief of staff in 2009 and 2010, had to request the address. But Ms. Mills also said that the private account was no secret. She estimated that Mrs. Clinton shared emails with about 100 State Department officials from her private account. “So her use of her email was not something that was unknown,” she said. Her deposition came in a private lawsuit brought by Judicial Watch, a conservative legal advocacy group. Judge Emmet G. Sullivan of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, who was appointed by President Bill Clinton, has allowed the group to take sworn testimony from at least a   officials to explore how and why the private email server was used  —   a decision that the judge has said “boggles the mind. ” Ms. Mills’s lawyer, Beth A. Wilkinson, repeatedly clashed with the Judicial Watch lawyers, saying their questions were beyond the scope of what the judge had allowed. But Ms. Mills, who like Mrs. Clinton refused to be interviewed by the State Department’s inspector general, voiced no apparent irritation over her lengthy deposition and told lawyers for Judicial Watch that she wanted to be helpful, according to a transcript. Under questioning, Ms. Mills detailed how Mrs. Clinton came to use the private server, and what her aides did to facilitate the unusual arrangement. She said that Mrs. Clinton never considered using an official government email address and made clear from the start of her tenure in 2009 that she wanted to use a personal email address, Ms. Mills said. She described that decision as “a continuation of a practice that she had been using as a senator” before becoming secretary of state. Ms. Mills said repeatedly that she could not recall any specific discussions in Mrs. Clinton’s office about how to preserve her emails to ensure that they would be available when the State Department responded to requests under the Freedom of Information Act, the law passed after Watergate to encourage government transparency. She said she assumed that the emails Mrs. Clinton sent to officials with department email accounts would be “captured” automatically and saved. At the same time, she acknowledged that Mrs. Clinton periodically emailed officials at their personal accounts  —   records that would not have shown up in the State Department system. Ms. Mills testified that she routinely complied with records requests under the law, known as FOIA, but that a separate office dealt with the requests. She said she did not recall any instances in which she discussed the requirements regarding those requests, even when shown an email from Stephen D. Mull, who was executive secretary in Mrs. Clinton’s office from 2009 to 2012, about the issuance of a State Department BlackBerry. “We will prepare two version for her to use, one with operating State Department email account which would mask her identity but which would also be subject to FOIA requests,” wrote Mr. Mull, who is also scheduled to testify in the Judicial Watch lawsuit. The State Department’s inspector general documented one episode in 2010 in which a top information management official, John Bentel, told two unnamed specialists in his office “never to speak of the secretary’s personal email system again” after they had raised concerns about the private email arrangement. Asked whether anyone had raised concerns that Mrs. Clinton’s emails would not show up in public records requests, Ms. Mills said: “I’m not aware of it. They might have. ” She said repeatedly that she wished she and other advisers had given more thought to the issue.",0
7471,WHOA! FBI director tells Congress Hillary investigation reopening ‘due to recent developments’ (here’s the letter),"WHOA! FBI director tells Congress Hillary investigation reopening ‘due to recent developments’ (here’s the letter) Posted at 1:35 pm   Doug P. 
FBI Director James Comey has made it known (on a Friday of course) that the Bureau will be reopening the Hillary Clinton case to look at new information. 
Comey sent this letter to Congress today: Comey says there are newly discovered emails that FBI will now investigate, reopening Clinton email server case. pic.twitter.com/hEKPQ7R1x3 
— Brit Hume (@brithume) October 28, 2016 FBI Director Comey, in letter to members of Congress, says FBI is investigating additional emails in Clinton private server case pic.twitter.com/Ue0qlhqT5w 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
We’ll update the story as more is known. Trending",0
7472,Hillary Promises End to Violence Through Civilian Disarmament,"Email 
With just days left before Americans will go to the polls to elect a new president, voters committed to continuing to live under the protections of personal liberty in the Constitution must examine positions taken by the candidates on key issues. 
In this article, we'll look at Hillary Clinton's call for civilian disarmament and what Americans could do to prevent this policy from coming to pass, even if Clinton is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. 
On her campaign website, Clinton makes several unconstitutional promises that would have the effect of disarming millions of Americans and threatening the enjoyment of the right to keep and bear arms of millions more. Here's a sample from her list of presidential promises: As president, Hillary will: Expand background checks to more gun sales — including by closing the gun show and internet sales loopholes — and strengthen the background check system by getting rid of the so-called “Charleston Loophole.” Take on the gun lobby by removing the industry’s sweeping legal protection for illegal and irresponsible actions (which makes it almost impossible for people to hold them accountable), and revoking licenses from dealers who break the law. Keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers, other violent criminals, and the severely mentally ill by supporting laws that stop domestic abusers from buying and owning guns, making it a federal crime for someone to intentionally buy a gun for a person prohibited from owning one, and closing the loopholes that allow people suffering from severe mental illness to purchase and own guns. She will also support work to keep military-style weapons off our streets. 
There are so many constitutionally repugnant statements in these three paragraphs. 
First, there is no such thing as a gun show loophole. Here's the truth as explained by the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute: If the voters learn the facts about gun shows, they will discover that there is no gun show loophole, no gun show crime problem and no reason to adopt federal legislation whose main effect would be to infringe on First and Second Amendment rights. Despite what some media commentators have claimed, existing gun laws apply just as much to gun shows as they do to any other place where guns are sold. Since 1938, persons selling firearms have been required to obtain a federal firearms license. If a dealer sells a gun from a storefront, from a room in his home or from a table at a gun show, the rules are exactly the same: he can get authorization from the FBI for the sale only after the FBI runs its “instant” background check (which often takes days to complete). As a result, firearms are the most severely regulated consumer product in the United States — the only product for which FBI permission is required for every single sale. 
Surely Clinton and her advisors are aware of this fact and that they are misrepresenting the situation to uninformed voters, thus their insistence on ""closing the gun show loophole"" becomes nothing less than another attempt to demand the surrender of natural rights in exchange for a ""safer world."" 
Next, with regard to the creation of ""universal background checks,"" here's more from Cato: Gun-control advocates often claim that 40 percent of annual firearms sales take place today without background checks. The Washington Post “fact-checker” has debunked that claim, giving it “Three Pinocchios.” The Post noted that the survey data used for the study on which the 40 percent claim is based are more than two decades old, which means they were collected prior to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System becoming operational in 1998. The survey only polled 251 people, and, upon asking whether their gun transfer involved a federally licensed dealer — that is, a federal firearms licensee (FFL) — gave respondents the choice of saying “probably” or “probably not” in addition to “yes” and “no.” From that survey, the report concluded that 35.7 percent of acquisitions did not involve a background check. But “acquisitions” is a much broader category than “purchases,” which is the term used by advocates for gun control. Gifts and inheritances between family members or among close friends are acquisitions, but not purchases. When the Post asked researchers to correct for that distinction, the percentage of firearms purchased without a background check fell to between 14 and 22 percent. The Post subsequently conducted its own survey of Maryland residents, and found that 21 percent of respondents reported not having gone through a background check to purchase a firearm in the previous decade. Even that 21 percent, which entails transactions between private, noncommercial sellers, is regulated by the federal law against giving a firearm to someone the transferor knows, or reasonably should know, is among the nine categories of prohibited persons under federal law (e.g., mentally impaired; convicted felons). The assertion that nearly half of the gun sales in America are unregulated is simply false. Federal law governs as many gun sales and transfers as is practically enforceable already. 
Third, Clinton calls for the end to the ""gun lobby's"" support of the firearm industry, specifically for the former's legal counsel offered to the latter. This is a patent assault on the right of the accused to an attorney. 
Here is an explanation on the importance of these impediments to tyranny written by the celebrated Montesquieu: But in moderate governments, where the life of the meanest subject is deemed precious, no man is stripped of his honor or property until after a long inquiry; and no man is bereft of life till his very country has attacked him — an attack that is never made without leaving him all possible means of making his defence. Hence it is that when a person renders himself absolute, he immediately thinks of reducing the number of laws. In a government thus constituted they are more affected with particular inconveniences than with the liberty of the subject, which is very little minded. In republics, it is plain that as many formalities at least are necessary as in monarchies. In both governments they increase in proportion to the value which is set on the honor, fortune, liberty, and life of the subject. In republican governments, men are all equal; equal they are also in despotic governments: in the former, because they are everything; in the latter, because they are nothing. 
In other words, despotic governments attempt to curtail the civil liberties of citizens, while republics would never make such a move against freedom, not even if the accused is a weapons manufacturer, Mrs. Clinton! 
Finally, with regard to the depriving of the ""mentally ill"" of their right to keep and bear arms, Hillary Clinton demonstrates once again that her ultimate aim is not safety, but statism. She wants to continue the federal government's consolidation of all political power and its assumption of the authority to give and take away rights according to a person's willingness to bend the knee to the masters of the state. 
There is no wiggle room in the Second Amendment; the federal government is expressly forbidden from infringing on the right to keep and bear arms. There is no exception for mental illness or for having published ""anti-government"" posts on the Internet. 
Now, as Hillary Clinton promises to be an executive without consideration for any constitutional restraints on her power, states must come to the defense of the rights of the people, and many states are doing just that. 
If, however, enough people vote to give the president power to rob their fellow citizens of their ability to resist tyranny, then all other liberties will be at the mercy of that same federal force, for a disarmed populace is a slave populace.  ",0
7473,Peaceful Hillary Supporter Destroys Hollywood Trump Star,"
A Hillary Clinton goon destroyed Donald Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The “peaceful man” said that he had 4-5 family members assaulted and that hes terrible upset that he has a presidential nominee who is a “poster child for sexual violence”. People were standing around and filming his “brave act”, we imagine it took several minutes to accomplish this, yet no one intervened, no one called the cops.
Most of the fake accusers have already been debunked but batshit crazed liberals still push on the narrative that Trump is a rapist.
This is a classic tactic from Saul Alinsky of whom Hillary Clinton idolized and based her college thesis on. Divert attention away from your issues with the same issue but falsely accusing it on your opponent. Nice!
So Hillary wants to divert attention away from her open marriage and from her husband’s rapes of multiple women with false accusations of Trump. Make no mistake about it, this is not a Trump issue. She would have done the same thing with any other opponent. If it were Ted Cruz, same story, if he would have exposed Bill Clinton’s rapes, the next week you would have had multiple women falsely accusing Ted Cruz of raping and groping them. Unbelievable!
The vandal identified himself as James Otis and he removed the emblem from the middle of the star to sell it and donate the money to all the women who were raped by Trump.
You would think that in the light of Project Veritas videos and how they exposed the DNC evil who paid agitators, violence, voter fraud and more they would chill out for a while but nope, the viciousness is going on. These people are pushing the limits of law in this country and as of now its a banana republic led by banana-boy Obama but if Trump gets in, a lot of people are RIGHTFULLY going to be locked up and have the key thrown away for all this chaos, anarchy and lawlessness.
LAPD is currently searching for the vandalism suspect.
Trump received his star in 2007. In July 2016 a protester built a 6-inch wall around the star which is a legitimate form of protest, but destroying the star is just anarchy and that man needs to be locked up for a while along with the Democrats who paid him to do that.
The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce said they are planning to repair the star. Well at least they have some honor in them.
“People can make a difference by voting and not destroying public property” the chamber’s president said.
These sort of things are normally expected to happen in poor countries with little to no freedoms where the opposition party is systematically oppressed but in a country like America which brags to the world how it is “the greatest democracy in the world” it is surely setting a bad example which no one in its right mind would like to follow.
If it has come to the point that even the communist state press in China is saying that what the media in America is doing to Trump is pure bias, then we know how bad it is in America.
The media people in America are rubbing their hands at this one. They are truly happy and excited this happened.


",0
7474,Re: More Americans Than Ever Are Losing Their Religion,"More Americans Than Ever Are Losing Their Religion By Michael Snyder, on August 25th, 2016 
Never before in U.S. history have so many Americans chosen to be unaffiliated with any particular religious group. As you will see below, the percentage of “nones” in this country has absolutely skyrocketed over the past decade. But not all faiths are losing members in the United States. In fact, Islam, Buddhism, Wicca and various New Age organizations have all experienced excellent growth in recent years. Sadly, almost all of the growth for the “nones” has come at the expense of Christianity. Americans are leaving the Christian faith in droves, and this is why many of our churches are less than half full on Sunday mornings. What we are doing right now is clearly not working, and hopefully we can get the church in America to wake up while there is still time to do so. 
Earlier today I came across a brand new study from the Pew Research Center entitled “ Why America’s ‘nones’ left religion behind “. One thing that particularly stood out to me was the fact that most “nones” were once affiliated with a particular religion but have now discarded that label… 
Perhaps the most striking trend in American religion in recent years has been the growing percentage of adults who do not identify with a religious group . And the vast majority of these religious “nones” (78%) say they were raised as a member of a particular religion before shedding their religious identity in adulthood. 
Overall, the percentage of “nones” in this nation has been absolutely soaring in recent years. Back in 2007, “nones” made up 16 percent of the population, but now that number has risen to 23 percent. The following is from a different Pew Research Center report that was published last year … 
Religious “nones” – a shorthand we use to refer to people who self-identify as atheists or agnostics, as well as those who say their religion is “nothing in particular” – now make up roughly 23% of the U.S. adult population. This is a stark increase from 2007, the last time a similar Pew Research study was conducted, when 16% of Americans were “nones.” ( During this same time period, Christians have fallen from 78% to 71%. ) 
I want you to notice one particularly sobering fact in the excerpt posted above. The seven percent increase in the percentage of “nones” was matched exactly by a seven percent decrease in the percentage of Christians. 
It is time to face a very hard truth – Christianity is in rapid decline in America. 
So why is this happening? 
Is there an explanation for why so many people are leaving the church? 
Well, here is some of the feedback that the Pew Research Center received while conducting their new survey… 
About half of current religious “nones” who were raised in a religion (49%) indicate that a lack of belief led them to move away from religion. This includes many respondents who mention “science” as the reason they do not believe in religious teachings, including one who said “ I’m a scientist now, and I don’t believe in miracles .” Others reference “ common sense ,” “ logic ” or a “ lack of evidence ” – or simply say they do not believe in God. 
This is such a tragedy, because during my decades of research into these things I have found that logic and reason should always point people toward the Christian faith and not away from it. There is an absolutely gigantic   for Christianity out there, but unfortunately most people don’t know about it or they are not interested in considering it. 
The biggest cultural shift has been happening among our young people. Most of them have been raised in an environment where God has been removed from almost every corner of public life, and the results have been beyond catastrophic. 
In America today, 35 percent of all Millennials are “nones”. 
Millennials are more than twice as likely to be “nones” as Baby Boomers (17 percent), and they are more than three times as likely to be “nones” as the Silent Generation (11 percent). 
In other words, the younger you are the more likely you are to be religiously unaffiliated. 
And this shows up in the church attendance numbers as well. Millennials are much, much less likely to be in church on any particular Sunday morning than the oldest Americans are. The following information comes from another Pew Research Center report … 
Millennials – especially the youngest Millennials, who have entered adulthood since the first Landscape Study was conducted – are far less religious than their elders. For example, only 27% of Millennials say they attend religious services on a weekly basis, compared with 51% of adults in the Silent generation . Four-in-ten of the youngest Millennials say they pray every day, compared with six-in-ten Baby Boomers and two-thirds of members of the Silent generation. Only about half of Millennials say they believe in God with absolute certainty, compared with seven-in-ten Americans in the Silent and Baby Boom cohorts. And only about four-in-ten Millennials say religion is very important in their lives, compared with more than half in the older generational cohorts. 
We are slowly losing an entire generation. 
When you walk into most churches in America on Sunday morning, what are you going to find? 
You are going to find that the congregation is dominated by “the greys”, and I am not talking about space aliens. 
As the oldest Americans die off, the United States is becoming less and less Christian. We are on the exact same path that Europe has already gone down, but most churches are just going on with business as usual and don’t seem to even understand that we have a major crisis on our hands. 
As I said at the top of this article, what we are doing right now is clearly not working, and if we continue on the path that we are currently on we will continue to lose young people by the millions. 
America needs revival more than it has ever needed it before. 
Let us pray that one arrives very soon. There Is A Mainstream Media Conspiracy To Hide Hillary Clinton’s Rapidly Failing Health » Grillsgt. 
And then there are those who realized virtually all churches in their area are either preaching heresy, or are downright apostate. Mke 
Or they are so watered down and user-friendly that you feel like you wasted a good part of your Sunday when you leave. I’m amazed at most churches I go into these days. Not a lot of comprehensive, honest Bible-teaching going on. That’s why people are walking away. Sure, some will walk away when you boldly teach the Bible, but that’s the way it is supposed to be. iris 
Yes, people need truth. Can the church growth models! Preach the gospel. If church leaders won’t do it, that’s their problem, we can share Christ every day with those we come in contact with, by word and deed. I’m glad we’re in a congregation where it is shared every week. PoorBoy2 
Could it be that all of these years of focusing on “Religion” and do’s and don’t’s instead of relationship with the one true God is bearing fruit? Though ritual and tradition can be meaningful and helpful, without relationship they are dead and empty leading to “nones”. Mike 
I’d say it’s more related to greasy grace, once saved always saved no matter how backslidden you are, and “we don’t want to offend anybody” type teaching going on. Most of the teaching on the radio and in the churches is weak. Paul Patriot 
So, do you think someone can lose their salvation based on works Can one obtain salvation by works 
If someone is a backsliding “Christian” then I concur that they were never really saved. 
Reference the parable of the sower and this will reveal the wheat and tares sitting next to one another in churches across this world. 
If Jesus does not have the power to truly save you and by your actions you can lose that salvation, then his work on Calvary was not as great as the Bible says it was…….he is either the Savior or he is not, and a saved person will act a certain way, and not backside back into the pig pen, thus revealing their false conversion. 
Just sayin…….I agree with you most teaching today is weak, there is no more preaching of he’ll and no more preaching that unless you are born again, you will not be saved…and that Jesus is the ONLY name j Der heaven in which we can be saved. algol2000 
The righteousness of Jesus is for Jesus. Work out your own by following in his footsteps. iris 
So very true! When Christians realize that it is His righteousness living in, guiding and empowering us, sanctifying us, redeeming us, we humbly and gratefully, submit to His leading in hope, peace and joy. We boast in Him, not in ourselves or our ability to do good, and have that blessed assurance. He is our confidence and our worth is in Him. We cling to what He has accomplished for us on the Cross, and even more, in what He is doing in our lives by God’s Holy Spirit. 1Corinthians 1:30-31. Grillsgt. 
“8 For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, 9 not of works, lest anyone should boast.” Eph. 2:8-9 algol2000 
The watering down, so to speak is in these very words, and has led to the blatant apostasy that you are witnessing. The grace that Jesus provides is so that God can be patient while you bring forth the fruits (works) required for sonship. Grillsgt. 
A works-based salvation?? Seriously?? Do you also believe that one can lose their salvation? Not trying to sound snarky, but just asking about your views. watchmannonthewall 
Why would Jesus speak about blotting a persons name out of the Book of Life if it is an empty threat? Wouldn’t He be guilty of atempted manipulation, deception, if one really can’t be blotted out? of course the writer of Hebrews refers to this in Hebrews 6:4-6 and again in 10:26-31. 
Korah is a prime example in the OT, having seen all of God’s miracles and even been choosen to minister for God as Levite yet he rebelled and fire came out from God and the earth opened to receive him. The fire and opening of the earth is just a concealed OT way of indicating he went to the Lake of Fire for his rebellion! 
Once saved always saved is another false doctrine that has made many feel comfortable in their sin! But Jesus said, “Depart from me you workers of lawlessness.” This was to people convinced they knew Him, but He said He didn’t know them! We need to make sure He knows us and this means, by definition, we walk in a “Lawful” manner! algol2000 
A work-based salvation is what Jesus taught. “Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the pharisees and the pharisees, ye shall in no wise see the kingdom of heaven”. “Be ye perfect (in deeds) just as your heavenly father is perfect”. 
On this earth, deeds are the basis for judgement in an earthly court, how much more so in heaven? Without laws to govern conduct, there can be no sin. Sin is the transgression of the law. And law-breakers will be punished by the Judge. watchmannonthewall 
Can we take a look at scripture to see how well the statement you quoted, made by Paul, aligns itself to all of scripture? 
God says in Isaiah 46:10 that He declares the end from the beginning. Let’s go to “the End”, work our way back to “the Beginning”, and see what God says in His Word, OK? 
Rev. 20:13- “And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one of the according to THEIR DEEDS [works].” This is speaking only of those who are “lost”. What about the “saved”? 
Rev. 14:13- “And I heard a voice from heaven, saying, ‘Write’, “Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from now on!” “Yes” says the Spirit, “that they may rest from their labor, for their DEEDS [works] follow with them.” 
The book of Revelation indicates the works by both saints and the wicked are noticed by God. See also in the message to each of the seven churches in Revelation 2-3, John records Jesus as claiming, “I know thy works…” Clearly Jesus considers “works” in His assessment of His people! 
James, the brother of Jesus, had this to say about works (James 2:14-24): “What use is it brethren, if a man says he has faith, BUT he has no works? Can that [workless] faith save him?”…”Even so faith, if it has no works, is DEAD being by itself.”…Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he offered up Isaac his son? You see that faith was working with his works, and as a result of THE WORKS, faith was perfected…You see that a man is justified by works, and NOT by faith ALONE.” James states works are a necessary addition to faith. What does Paul say? 
In Paul’s pastoral epistle to Titus, he writes the following (3:8): “This is a trustworthy statement; and concerning these things I want you to speak confidently so that those who have believed God [those who have faith] may be careful to engage in good DEEDS.” 
In his letter to Timothy (1 Tim. 6:17-18) Paul tells Timothy, “Instruct those who are rich in this present world not to be conceited or to fix their hope on the uncertainty of riches, but on God who richly supplies us with all things to enjoy. Instruct them to do good [deeds], to be rich in good WORKS, to be generous and ready to share…” Again, Paul speaks about putting feet to one’s faith! 
Just two verses after the one you quote in Ephesians above, Paul writes (v.10), “For we are His [the Father’s] workmanship created in Christ Jesus FOR good works, which God prepared beforehand , that we should walk in them.” God obviously expects His people to “do” good works, having prepared these ahead of time for them! 
Jesus said the following concerning “works”: “For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels; and will then recompense every man ACCORDING TO HIS DEEDS.” (Mt. 16:27) Note that this specifically occurs with regard to the return of Christ and applies to His people, those who are “saved”! Jesus also said we are to let our light shine before men so they see our “good works” and glorify His Father. (Mt. 5:16) You see Paul agreed with Jesus’ teaching concerning His expectation of His people to perform “good works” and says they will be rewarded in the kingdom according to these. 
So what are these “good works”? Lots of debate about this, but not surprisingly, scripture clearly identifies these. It is just that people don’t want to accept what God said that they tend to ignore His Words! 
Paul tells us in 1 Timothy 3:16-17, “ALL Scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for REPROOF, for CORRECTION, for TRAINING IN RIGHTEOUSNESS [traininng in the performance of “good works”],that the man of God may be adequate, and EQUIPPED for every good work”. 
Paul says Scripture, OT and NT(and understand the NT wasn’t written when Paul wrote this to Timothy and Paul never claimed his letters were scripture as the Gentile “Church” made this claim many years later), is the source of instruction to identify and instruct us in the performance of “good works”. Paul just got done speaking to Timothy, in the prior two verses, about how he had known the “scriptures” from childhood. When Timothy was a child, none of the NT had been written! Not one word! Paul therefore told Timothy and US the OT contains the instructions regarding what God considers good works and how they are to be performed. We already have looked at the fact we will all be judged on how well we obey God’s instructions in this matter! 
We see the NT, John, James, Paul , Jesus, all teach people, saved and unsaved , will be judged by their works. Where does “faith” enter the outcome? If one has saving faith, as James said Abraham did as evidenced by his obedience to God’s instructions, we will be obedient to God’s Word. Note James also says the devils “believe”, but we know they do NOT obey God’s instructions. How many of us are just like them? 
Is being judged by our works just a NT expectation? James already used Abraham as an example to indicate it is not. Jeremiah (17:10) also says, “I, the LORD, search the heart, I test the mind, even to give to EVERY man according to his ways, according to the results of his DEEDS.” Adam and Eve were cast out of the Garden, according to their deeds! 
The “greasy grace” of today is one catalyst for the current malaise affecting the people’s relationship to God and/or the lack of relevance Christianity has for many. Many of today’s preachers don’t even know scripture says what I just shared, straight from scripture, with you! 
When Jesus said he came to destroy the “works of the devil” He was referring to destroying rebellion against obedience to God by empowering His people to obey His Word through the indwelling Spirit! 
Unfortunately, the devil has now got many believing that once you say the prayer of faith, you’ve done all you need to do to go to heaven, but Scripture doesn’t teach that , does it? It actually teaches your faith is to be able to be seen by your daily walk, your works as defined by God’s Word! Now you know!! Just do it! Grillsgt. 
Ephesians 2:10…” For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them.” Notice Paul said, FOR good works, not by them. Also, Titus 3: 4-7…”4 But when the kindness and the love of God our Savior toward man appeared, 5 not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy He saved us, through the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Spirit, 6 whom He poured out on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Savior, 7 that having been justified by His grace we should become heirs according to the hope of eternal life.” Now…does the Bible contradict itself, or could it be, one or more opinions of this subject might be mistaken? Grillsgt. 
Right, PB2! There is a movement afoot to replace Christianity with “Churchianity”. AverGo 
Exciting, If you believe that God’s Word, Never Returns Void. Then couple that with, Bring up a Man in the Way he should go, then Later he will not depart from it. Then as the Endtimes become more undeniable, God will bring back the Prodigal sons and daughters. 2 Thessalonians 2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; watchmannonthewall 
Both Paul and Solomon spoke of the children of the last generation being very rebellious and full of pride. It is the mirror image of what happened at the Exodus. 
There it was the parents who did not believe God and obey Him, refused to go up and take the Land. Here, in this last generation, it is the children who have rebelled againt parents and Jeus even said the those of a man’s OWN household would be HIS worst enemies. 
Understanding the passage, a paraphrase from Micah 7:6, the father, the man, is in the right and those opposing him are in the wrong! 
Jesus never taught opposition to parents any more than He taught opposition to the Father! Both are the Creators of others and Creators are to be honored and obeyed by the Created. 1st commandment and 5th commandment- Love God and others and parents are the first neighbors we are to love! K 
Which came first. People walking away from the Church? Or the Church walking away from real Godly teachings. Dale Graley 
very good point Ambassador 2Co 5:20 
A few years ago I was with a group of professed Christians who had this “as long as we believe in Jesus it doesn’t matter what else we believe” attitude. They were lamenting the dumbing down of America in our schools primarily but the dumbing down of culture in general as well. I asked them if they believed the USA was a Christian nation, now or in the past. They said yes to which I replied “you can’t dumb down a Christian nation unless you dumb down Christianity first.” As you can imagine that didn’t go over very well. 
Isaiah 4:1 And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach. 
That verse is a prophetic statement told in symbols, so those who don’t have eyes to see will not get it. Read the surrounding context and you can tell it’s about the end times. Anyway the symbol breakdown is this: 
seven = completion or totality women = churches (bride of Christ) one man = Jesus bread = doctrine apparel = righteousness (white robes or filthy rags) 
Reread Isaiah 4:1 with the symbols decoded and it says “And in the day all the churches shall say to Jesus, we will teach our own ways, and present ourselves to the world in any manner we see fit: only let us be called Christians to take away our shame. OriginalRS 
The latter, most definitely. RageHard84 
Dang. This question cuts to the point. I mean, there are churches which have abandoned sound doctrine and adopted heresies like serpent seed, the idea that homosexuality and transgenderism are promoted by the Bible when they’re really sins, it’s crazy. LowellST13 
The government and the 501C3 tax exempt for Churches has dissolved sound doctrine. Churches have sold their soul to the devil, government, I get those two confused. I am fortunate to be part of an Independent Baptist Church that is sound in the KJV 1611 and if I have a problem with Sermon’s I look at the bible first and if it is there than it is my problem. I need to change, not THE CHURCH or the BIBLE THE BIBLE and how GOD Authored it is the same Yesterday, today, and forever AMEN David 
repenting is not enough. If you can’t forgive others for their trespasses against you or harbor hate & anger towards others then God can’t forgive you and you won’t make it into heaven. Joan Camara 
Can I have hate and anger toward evil people? krinks 
The Church walking away from Godly teaching. When I was a young man in the early 70s I clearly recall very few politicians dared to proclaim their support for abortion. They feared the wrath of the Christian Vote. Only the far left Pelosi/Sanders type dared to proclaim such. Over time people stopped taking the Lord into the Voting Booth, emboldening the Perverts. Today rare is the politician that can get ahead by proclaiming Christian Principles. The DNC in hacked correspondence actually discussed the best way to get rid of Religious Liberty in America. Yet even at this most that call themselves Christians will vote for them. It is all I can do to not go to Church and cuss them all out for what they have allowed our nation to become. watchmannonthewall 
K, great question! I’d like to give a shot as to the apex of the problem and answer a question Michael posed in his book, “The Rapture Verdict”, where he inquired if anyone knew what the “great apostacy” is, which Paul spoke of in 2 Thessalonians 2:3 saying, “Let no one in any way deceive you, for it [the Day of the LORD from verse 2] will not come unless the apostasy comes first [1] and the man of lawlessness is revealed [2], the son of destruction.” (NASB) We see there is first a great apostacy, which comes BEFORE the anti-christ and THEN the anti-christ is revealed (Michael pointed this out in his book). It agrees with Jesus’ timeline in Mt. 24:29-31 regarding the “gathering” of His saints! In fact, since the anti-christ is called “the man of lawlessness”, this should clue us in to the fact the “apostacy” is related to “lawlessness” increasing, a necessity to set the stage for the anti-christ, even as Jesus prophesied in Mt. 24:12. Recall, Jesus also said He did not know those who “PRACTICE lawlessness” in Mt. 7:23, even though these people were PERFORMING MIRACLES using His Name!! The KJV translates “apostacy” as “falling away” in 2 Thess. 2:3, and Strong’s says the term is used just twice in the NT: “Grk. #646- apostasia” and defines the term as “defection from truth”. The great end time apostacy is “defection from truth”. What is truth (Truth)?“All Thy commandments are Truth.” (Ps. 119:151) “Thy Law is Truth.” (Ps. 119:142)“Thy Word is Truth” according to Jesus (Jn. 17:17), and Jesus is “the Way, the Truth, and the Life “. (Jn. 14:6) Jesus also prayed for us saying, “Sanctify them by Thy Truth; Thy Word is Truth.” We, God’s people, are to be set apart from the world by “practicing” the Word of God, the Law, the Commandments, the Word of God, and Jesus! Using the substitution principle, we can define defection from Truth as a defection from God’s Commandments, His Law, His Word, and from Jesus. This should be easy to understand since present day Christian teaching has God’s Truth, His Law, His Word, and His Commandments as all put to death by Jesus Christ at the cross; of course, Jesus had to die since He is Truth also! Today’s Christianity, for the most part, worships ANOTHER resurrected Jesus, not the one of the NT! Can God’s Truth die…or is it forever? There are scriptures that say “No”, despite claims of portions of God’sWord passing away. In case one is not convinced, let’s look at two NT examples: The first is the murder of Stephen, called the first martyr of “the Church”, and the second is when Paul returns to Jerusalem after his third missionary journey to keep God’s Festival of Leviticus 23:15-21, Shavuot, or what we call Pentecost. Why was Stephen put to death? What does Scripture say?“And yet they were unable to cope with the wisdom and the Spirit with which he [Stephen] was speaking. Then they secretly induced men to say, ‘We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses and against God.’ And they stirred up the people, and the elders and the scribes, and they came upon him and dragged him away, and brought him before the council [the Sanhedrin].”“And they put forth FALSE witnesses who said, ‘This man incessently speaks against this holy place, and the Law [the Law of Moses- but they were FALSE witnesses, meaning he did NOT speak against EITHER the holy place OR against Moses]; for we have heard him say that this Jesus will destroy this place and altar the customs which Moses handed down to us [but they were FALSE witnesses- so Stephen never spoke against the customs MOSES handed down to them]'”. (Acts 6:10-14) Please note: “the Church” definitely believes the customs Moses handed down were changed, but if that were true, wouldn’t the FALSE witnesses actually be TRUE witnesses? Well? Let God be true and every man a liar! What was it they thought Moses had taught them, the customs, but which he never really did? It was the Jewish Oral Law which Jesus referenced in Mark 7:9 where He referred to it saying, “You nicely set aside the commandment of God in order to keep your tradition”! They had their own “traditions” which superceded God’s commandments, you know, sort of like how the Catholic church has its own traditions that are contrary to the Word of God, or how the Protestant Churches do the same. (See Romans 10:3 where Paul speaks of the same.) The second use of “apostasia” is found in Acts 21 and it actually gives us God’s definition of “apostacy”, if one will accept it! God loves to hide things in plain sight!“And when we [Paul and Luke, and others] had come to Jerusalem, the bretheren received us gladly. And now the following day Paul went in with us to James, and all the elders were present. And after he had greeted them, he begun to relate one by one the things God had done among the Gentiles through his ministry.”“And when they heard it they begn glorifying God; and they [the elders] said to him, ‘You see brother, how many thousands there are among the Jews of those who have believed, AND THEY ARE ALL ZEALOUS FOR THE LAW [the Truth!]; and they have been told about you that you are teachinig all the Jews among the Gentiles to forsake Moses [to GRK- “apostacize” Moses], telling them not to circumcise their children nor to walk according tot he customs.” (Acts 21:17-21) Note that the charges leveled against Paul are the same ones which Paul consented unto regarding the death of Stephen. It was about “the customs” of Moses. Paul did explain circumcision without a circumcised heart will not get you salvation before God. They didn’t much like that one, did they? God wants both, but especially the spiritual one! But that was one “custom” of Moses Paul taught against, the NT records these debates, but Moses never taught that! Moses said, “Circumcise therefore your heart and stiffen your neck no more.” (Deut. 10:16) And, “Yet to this day the LORD has not given you a heart to know, or eyes to see, nor ears to hear.” (Deut 29:4) Moses clearly taught God wanted a circumcised heart so they could understand God”s instructions! The Acts passage lets us know James, the brother of Jesus, and the elders were rejoicing that so many of their Judean brothers were finally living out the Mosaic Law the way God intended it to be lived, zealously! There is no hint of the idea that following the Mosaic Law is to be avoided here, is there? Also, James and the elders reported to Paul that some of their Judean brothers had heard Paul was teaching the Gentiles and those in the Diaspora to “apostacize” the teachings of Moses. Stephen wans’t guilty of this and neither was Paul! , What are the teachings of Moses? They are the Law, the Commandments and the Word of God; they are “the Truth”, according to God’s definition! I did not say it! God did! You can find it in your own Bible! God plainly defines the great end time apostacy as a departure from the Law of Moses! Jesus accused the Jews of not even knowing what Moses said and informed them Moses would be testifying against them in the judgment. (Jn. 5:45-47) Has “the Church” forsaken, apostacized Moses in this day? You bet! This doctrine infiltrated the American church through the institutions of higher learning in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and has spread from there. It has been opposed by the RCC heirarchy from the 3rd century on, since if one puts God’s Word as the highest spiritual authority then the RCC heirachy is not the highest authority but rather is to be in submission to God’s Holy Word. Rome does not willingly abandon its power to claim to speak for God even for God Himself! I think the NT makes a great case for the great end time apostacy to be related to God’s shepherds teaching and encouraging His people to “practice lawlessness” by removing the standard of holiness God established through Moses and confirmed in Jesus Christ. Thisis why both jeremiah (23) and Ezekiel (34) speak of how the LORD is going to judge His shepherds uppn His return for the way they have destroyed His Word and people! One last point with respect to the OT: 1) Nearly the very last words of the last book written there, Milachi 4:4, are, “Remember the the Law of Moses My servant, even the statutes, and ordinances, which I commanded him in Horeb for ALL of Israel.” Paul says we have been grafted into Israel therefore this verse is for us, as Israel! (Romans 11:19-24 and Eph. 2:11-13) Everyone has a choice: one can begin to read Scripture as God had it written, a book of instruction on how He expects His family to live with one another, or one can decide to pick and choose favoite passages that seemto support our doctrine and the theologians, the leaders are nearly always wrong(!), and twist the scriptures to live according to the standard they want to live by in this life. We will all give an account of the things done in our body. However, if you love God, you will keep His Commandments, His Law, His Word, Jesus and Truth! If you want to know why today’s “Church” is dying, it is because it has perverted Gods’ Truth, which only brings death! God’s Word is bread and sustains life. Departing from life, means death! Paul Patriot 
ONE thing to look at, and would make a great subject for a future article is the invasion and take over of the education system, via common core and other ideological brainwashing of young Minds, all in the name of “separation of church and state” which is a twisted invention and re interpretation of the 1st Amendment. The founders would not even recognize what is being done today as being remotely Constitutional. 
So, the removing of Biblical principles from schools and teaching absolute morals and Godly accountability, thus opening up young minds for indoctrination…….has created thus anti-God, anti-Christian, anti-Bible………anti-US Heritage mindset that is and will lead to our destruction as a free society, and one that is and will continue to plead with the God of the Bible to judge this nation and pour out onto her what she deserves. 
May we repent and call out to “nature’s God”…….the God of our heritage for restoration….if that is even possible at this point. Gay Veteran 
hey, what are the parents doing??? religious indoctrination is THEIR job, not that of the State Jesus Freak 
hey GV hopefully loving their kids like Jesus loves all of us sorry losers John 
Do you get the irony in having a government endorsed school teach your children about morals and values and god’s accountability in public school? Apparently no one is accountable to god, especially our own government because they have yet to be punished by god’s wrath for all the evil mass murdering, lying, cheating, stealing they have done since the USA’s inception. Jim Davis 
Too many bat-guano crazy people in churches. Not too mention the hypocrites, gossipers, back-stabbers, etc. eunuch is blocked word 
And then a number of fundamentalist Christians have a holier–than–thou pious mindset. (no i’m not saying they’re all that way) Jim Davis 
Was this a robo-post? WTF! Heather 
Don’t judge unless you are perfect. Lorelei Vision 
It’s not a judgment, it’s the Truth! I knew a “Christian” woman who gossiped about everyone, sometimes Falsely. When Biblical Scripture was pointed out to this woman, admonishing her “sin”, what did she do? She emphatically stated that she “would not change”! She continued to speak with “forked tongue” until she died, even though her gossiping actually harmed other people. Many religious people hate it when their sin is pointed out, they hate being shown their hypocrisy. That is why so many non-believers hate Christians – our sheer hypocrisy of “do as I say, not as I do” is deceitful, insincere, pretension and off-putting. Those that truly follow God and His word have no problem being told the Truth about themselves. If the chastisement is True, we will heed the admonishment and act accordingly. Just because we are “saved” doesn’t mean we are to go out in the world with a chip on our shoulder, we are to walk a higher path and be an example to others. If you can’t handle the Truth, then maybe you need to revisit your walk with God… Heather 
Hi Lorelei! Thanks for the honest feedback. Yes, you are right, some Christians set very bad examples, and their words are only a reflection of what is in their heart. Their relationship with the Savior needs much work! I’ve been Born Again Christian for about 30+ years and in the first 10 years you would have never known it…drinking and everything else under the sun. My ‘communication’ with Jesus was non existent, therefore my lifestyle reflected the world, nor Christ. After much heartache, I began a dialogue with Jesus, put my trust In Him, etc and I haven’t been the same since. All we can do is pray for those who have wondered away. My guess is that this Christian woman dId not fully commit her life to Jesus. The New Testement (Bible) tells us exactly what God expects from us…to be like Christ! God bless, and Marantha Lorelei Vision 
There is much Truth to your comment, Jim. How many Christians actually walk the walk? Not many that I have met… Dawg01 
It is wrong to lump all churches together. I go to a church that is not perfect, but does it’s best to interpret the bible, preaches Jesus is Lord and Savior, does missions overseas including very dangerous areas, and does outreach for the community. What are you who are criticizing all churches doing to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ and helping others. Grillsgt. 
Google the Church of Laodicea, Dawg. “The Bible clearly prophesies that the Church of the end times will be characterized by apostasy. Paul said that the Antichrist will not be revealed until “the apostasy comes first” ~ Dr. David Reagan Joan Camara 
Right! The “falling away”…..it’s definitely happening..! Grillsgt. 
“3 For the time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear. 4 They will turn their ears away from the truth and turn aside to myths. “ WWF 
One thing I don’t like is sites that won’t approve your comment when you leave a Bible verse. Like Naturalnews had a story about Muslim terror so I put that verse about he shall be a wild man and guess what??? not approved! JF 
Most sites today will not ‘approve’ anything that is anti-muslim. Grillsgt. 
Yeah, no moral courage. Joan Camara 
Mike Adams from naturalnews, is not a godly man, at all. He just knows about health, and likes to put government articles on his site too. shots = autism 
There’s a page on natural news that discusses distillation and links to the H20 labs water distiller site. I left a comment pointing out that H20 labs sells the same distillers as Megahome but ups the price and my comment was rejected. Robert 
It is more disturbing that anyone would find this disturbing. There are two ways, a narrow one and a broad one. Also bothersome is some saying that “whatever we are doing it isn’t working” as if there is a certain strategy to all this. Some few receive the gospel while most by far reject it. No surprise. We do not do anything. God remains sovereign. VigilanteCaregiver 
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is still growing – both by births and converts. 
Membership as of April 2016 was 15,634,199 folks. It keeps going up. https://www.lds.org/general-conference/2016/04/statistical-report-2015?lang=eng Gay Veteran 
cults tend to get bigger Guest 
So is atheism a cult? And nice to see your back GV, I was starting me to miss you and your contributions! VigilanteCaregiver 
If that’s about the homosexual usurper; he’s not atheist. He’s anti-Christ. Big difference. John 
What if gay vet is not a vet nor gay? What if their name is just something being used to test people – to see how they will react to their comments based on said name? 
It is interesting how everytime gay vet comments their sexuality is brought up and mocked/scorned by followers of christ. VigilanteCaregiver 
GV’s pro-deviant, anti-christian, anti-unborn child, anti-American, anti-civilization, and anti-constitutional garbage is not acceptable. 
She’s proudly wears her homosexuality in her name – of course we’re going to call her out on it. Homosexuality is a proven mental disorder; linked to narcissistic personality disorder and she really needs to get help as it’s dangerous physically, mentally, and emotionally. I will not enable someone with obvious mental problems and call it normal. 
The LDS Church has instructed members to be loving towards those who suffer homosexuality, and we should. This person needs help. Acceptance and cognitive dissonance to self-harming behaviors and GV’s destructive and possibly criminal views is not loving – that is evil. Joan Camara 
True enough! mleblanc138 
I’m LDS too, but that number includes a lot of inactives and less actives. Think about all the people on your Ward’s list that never show up. Now multiply for every ward and I also hear the inactivity rate outside the US is way higher. VigilanteCaregiver 
Half of our ward is disabled. We have low attendance during meetings, but go out and meet with them and their families at home. 
We’re supposed to contact and do what we can for the inactive. Usually they’re inactive for a good reason. greanfinisher . 
The country was never Christian to begin with. In fact, during the country’s entire history, only four popes had decided not to avoid the United States during their world tours. Heck, this country had spent the vast majority of its time inciting wars and expanding its empire so I would hardly describe it as being Christian. At best, it would more resemble the Roman empire, and even that characterization would be too kind. Make no mistake. Wealth, power and control have always reigned in the country, and not the Creator. Grillsgt. 
How many nations did the US conquer and occupy, like the Romans? The nations we defeated in battle, i.e. Germany, Japan, did not become a possession. After the war, we helped to restore them to become free nations. greanfinisher . 
The U.S. conquered and/or occupied a horde of sovereign lands during its history including those territories held by Mexico, Cuba, Ukraine, Libya, Russia, Dominican Republic, Columbia, Haiti, Kuwait, Puerto Rico, Jordan, Canada, Hawaii, Iraq, Panama, Guatemala, and Afghanistan. As per Germany, Japan and South Korea, all of these countries are still occupied by the United States, and answer only to their American masters. With tens of thousands of American troops holding these three countries hostage, they could hardly be described as free nations. Grillsgt. 
Which of these “territories” do you believe we unilaterally invaded and occupied? Were they nations? And was the US the aggressor? Who drew first blood? Can you cite references? Grillsgt. 
I think I see your reasoning. We have differing views what an empire is. Some examples that come to mind would be the Babylonian Empire, the Soviets, Ottomans, the Byzantines, Romans, etc. Yes, we did change the course of countries’ directions, but we are not the central authority, as the ones I mentioned. Mexico IS a sovereign nation, as are the other countries you listed. Others were occupied by tyrants, like Saddam Hussein, for example. Columbia was involved in the drug trade that was affecting the US. We could go on, but I think you get my drift. As for Germany, Japan, and South Korea, they want us there. John 
Thank you greanfinisher for being one of the few quiet voices of reason that try to reach the unreachable. greanfinisher . 
I can fully appreciate Grillsgt’s problem as he had likely been brainwashed and indoctrinated by the American propaganda machine. With time, he will eventually see things from a true perspective. Gay Veteran 
“…This is such a tragedy, because during my decades of research into these things I have found that logic and reason should always point people toward the Christian faith and not away from it. There is an absolutely gigantic   for Christianity out there, but unfortunately most people don’t know about it or they are not interested in considering it….” 
every religion on the planet think their religion is THE religion! 
btw, why does “god” never regenerate the limbs of amputees? it that happened then talk about “an absolutely gigantic   for Christianity out there” Grillsgt. 
A passage in Matthew touches on that thought…“The Pharisees and Sadducees came to Jesus and tested him by asking him to show them a sign from heaven. 
2 He replied, “When evening comes, you say, ‘It will be fair weather, for the sky is red,’ 3 and in the morning, ‘Today it will be stormy, for the sky is red and overcast.’ You know how to interpret the appearance of the sky, but you cannot interpret the signs of the times.[a] 4 A wicked and adulterous generation looks for a sign, but none will be given it except the sign of Jonah.” Jesus then left them and went away. Matthew 16: 1-4 
The “Sign of Jonah” was Christ’s death, burial, and Resurrection. Gay Veteran 
but there are tons of people claiming “god” cured them, and yet NOT one amputee John 
People really should study the human brain as it is the reason we have the mass psychosis called: religion. 
It is a virus that spreads from generation to generation and never stops. 
This includes not only the major religions in the world, but also those religions that subscribe to satanism, etc. 
They are all just a farce created by clever tricksters who know more about our brains, motivations, etc than we do. 
People do not have time to study themselves – they are too busy being children, going to school, falling in love, working 9 – 5, then golfing in their golden years or working till they drop to ever examine themselves and all the b.s. they have been taught. 
They will continue this cycle with their own children and so on and so on. Because the beat goes on and on and never stops. Save for a few. DJohn1 
The churches need to do some things. One of which is to establish what is fact and what is fiction. If I look at the material world then there are physical laws by which everything on this planet operates. One of those laws is the operation of gravity and the surface tension of water. It is mentioned in the BIble about Jesus walking on water and Peter attempting to do so. Without Jesus helping he could not walk on water. According to Jesus his faith was to weak. In the natural order of things Peter should drown when he attempts to walk on water. No representative of any religion that I know of can duplicate Jesus in walking on water. And there lies the problem. We live in the natural order of things. We live in the natural world with a set system of physical laws that none of us can break as Jesus could at will. Miracles are in the realm of the supernatural rather than the realm of the natural order of things. Yet many Christians have experienced Miracles of one kind or another. Just do not depend on Miracles. They are at the whim of our God and Creator. He decides what happens not us. I have felt the power of God in the form of the Holy Spirit before. Someone I was spiritually attached to confirmed this for me without prompting of any kind and 5,000 miles approximately between me and that person when I was 21. Yet none of this is taught anywhere that I know of. It is there. It is real. But it is not reproductable. So science has a huge problem attempting to reproduce anything that is talked extensively about in the New Testament. To them it is fable. It is myth without substance. And that basically in the form of Humanism is taught in the schools. So yes the old time religion of the churches is obsolete in not addressing the problem of science and natural laws of the universe. The young people are quick to pick up on this lack. They dismiss the Holy Spirit as a force. People like me have experienced it first hand and know different. I don’t have all the answers. If Jesus ever chose me for anything I would be totally surprised. I have met him only second hand in the Bible. As just about everyone in this time has done. IF Jesus as a God and as an immortal being came back, the forces of this world would attempt to kill him again. Those forces of this world do not represent all of humanity and they certainly do not represent me. Jesus gave many lessons in 3 years of ministry on this planet. One of which was Peter attempting to walk on water. Another concerning Peter was in his fear of crucifixion he denied Christ. The lesson is you do not know what you might do under the right kind of pressures. Jesus taught many things. One was the limits we put on ourselves. I have no clue to the answers that science information has come up with. Is the universe 13.5 billion years old. Are galaxies as common as a grains of sand on deserts? Is the Universe so large it is difficult to even conceive how large it is? The universe as we see it through our telescopes is so incredibly large as to be above the ability of most people to even understand. AS for me and mine, we worship the God of creation, the alpha and omega, the beginning of it all and the end of it all and are loyal to both God and his son, Jesus. When will Jesus come back? Only God knows. john 
“Yet many Christians have experienced Miracles of one kind or another. Just do not depend on Miracles. They are at the whim of our God and Creator. He decides what happens not us.” 
So you are saying that god decides if a child will be abused? Is that really OK with you from your own logistical standpoint? DJohn1 
I am saying that God created it all. And no I am not all right with a lot of things allowed in this creation. But I wasn’t there when it was created and had no say one way or another in how it was created. I also do not have the big picture as God sees it. God is not human. God is also immortal and all powerful in this universe. 
Look around you. This world is full of violent interactions. Yet good Christians once took out the predators. The result was a far worse disaster. The herds increased too fast and starvation loomed. All because we upset the balance of nature. Is a child being abused part of God’s creation or something else? Something wicked this way comes. God appears to have an opposite number in the Father of all Lies, Satan. This is documented fairly well in Job, the oldest book of the Bible. 
When, not if, we succeed in finding life on another planet, will it follow the patterns of this world? The answer to that is it is likely. The reality of this world is it is a sick, violent place, and Christians are killed every day in other areas of the world. I do not agree with a lot of the reality I see out there. But only God can change it. To give him the glory is also to give him the responsibility. So in answer to your question ultimately the responsibility of this world lies on God’s shoulders. john 
“So in answer to your question ultimately the responsibility of this world lies on God’s shoulders.” 
That is exactly where you are wrong. Thinking that it is god’s responsibility is why the world is the way it is. We are responsible for evil and good. We make the choice in how we behave and how we treat other people. There is no satan and no god. If you want to see god look in the mirror. If you want to see satan look in the same mirror. We are all light and dark. watchmannonthewall 
That’s what satan told Eve: “For God knows in the day you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be LIKE God, knowing good and evil.” (Gen. 3:5) 
Know what? Satan told the truth and you agreed. We all choose either the good or evil, but keep in mind only God, the Creator, gets to define what each term means. 
The problem with Adam and Eve eating from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil was that neither was yet mature enough or had the wisdom necessary to properly choose between good or evil. To overcome this deficit, mankind makes up its own definition of each. Many people are still in the same place. Those who accept God’s definitions of “good and evil” are further along than others! 
Those who have chosen to obey God and follow His Word, are being taught the wisdom to properly make that choice, now. When Jesus returns and teaches Torah in Jerusalem during the Millennium (Is. 2:1-4, Micah 4:1-4), there will be a quantum leap forward in righteousness as this wisdom is taught without error, not like today. MaxRockatansky33 Ebedmelech the eunuch 
That’s because they’re not allowed to have a wife which is contrary to the Bible. There’s a guaranteed solution to stopping the priests’ abuse (unless they get T prescription) if you know about farm work but messing up could mean sepsis / fournier’s gangrene. Someone needs to have a lot of stuff like infection stoppers including colloidal silver and calcium bentonite clay which stops gangrene if you know how to use it. Messing up costs over 14 grand but if you pay a lot when there you might get most of it canceled, however each specialist sends a separate minor bill and the shrink charges 150. 
The lack of androgens did not change any of my opinions, hobbies or worldview but it does remove reproductive desire completely including all interest in lib-i-do related stuff. For example I used to like piercings on some women but now it’s like why do they hurt themselves? Looks gross. Also lost most attraction to women. ALL aggression goes away and i’m also more docile. 
Overall I don’t recommend it cause osteoporosis risk. I can’t have sugar, much coffee, much salt, fluoride water and I need real foods and sunshine on skin for vitamin D. Also wearing all that priest garb would require a lot of Estroven, evening primrose oil, black cohash–especially from month 3-4 until about a year when male men-opa-use ends & then they’ll just get normal heats. Taking hor-mo-nes and then quitting for awhile might retrigger male me-nop-ause but I’ll probably have to do this when food is hard to get. Rebel w/out a Cause 
WTF? You’re recommending castration???? Isn’t that a little extreme, as in “eliminating” the natural way of things? How about you be like Paul and fight the “good fight”, and “finish the course”? Why resort to damaging/destroying what God gave you to begin with? Do you think God made a mistake…? SHOTS = AUTISM 
I don’t recommend it, I’m saying it WILL stop the priest sxeuual abuses. The effects are REALLY extreme so if a priest had that tendency toward kids he should go on lupron or licorice root to lower androgen-based behavoir instead. carson 
what is the falling away of 2nd thessalonains 2? Can folks fall away from what they were never near too? So there was a nearness and now a falling away from it? An atheist falling away into satanism as example isn’t what the verse is concerned with is it, it’s dealing with those falling away from a nearness but not quite thereness to Christ and also from ‘natural’ love and natural kindnesses etc etc (covered in 2nd timothy 3), falling away from goodness and natural love but mostly a nearness or form to Christ… 
But what was a nearness to but not quite thereness..a ‘form of godliness but one which denied the power thereof’? religion’osity? But what does God direct those who are His to do with that anyway? ‘from such turn away” (2nd timothy 3:5). 
The falling away is not the catching up, it’s falling away and is happening just as written. 
and menkinds attempts to ‘grow the church’..via men’s means, worldly lures and baits and ‘programs’ and things pleasing to the flesh is NO answer, never should have risen to prominence anyway, unless God builds the house it doesn’t stand, God grants faith we throw out the seeds but God causes the growth..etc etc etc, those trying to grow the church via man should know that, it’s written all over after all. 
unless God builds the house it doesn’t stand, and now all these churches are falling…hmmm. On the otherhand some churches are still preaching the truth, and not really ‘growing’ (although in truth they are growing in Christ, but pew sitters/numbers not so much) while other churches with the fleshly bent ear tickling lures are growing also, but here ‘growing’ and ensnaring further are interchangeable. 
But rejoice always many are and many will be saved for sure, even while others fall away, rejoice when even one sinner repents. Richard 
Why is religion losing ground? Because it never did anything for anybody. it doesn’t put food on the table. It doesn’t provide jobs. It doesn’t cure disease. It doesn’t prevent divorces. I doesn’t pay the mortgage. It had to be just a matter of time before people woke up and realized that religion was just a political ploy to keep the plebs down and satisfied with ‘their lot’. 
OK, now let it rip, all you religious fanatics. I’m ready for you… Go for it… John 
Richard thank you for speaking the truth. You will no doubt either be 1. ignored or 2. have a list of bible verses that blame adam and eve for the reason this world and many of the people in it completely suck. Cause it’s all about the sin. Yet who caused us to sin? God did by allowing the temptation to be placed before 2 innocent people. That would like placing one of those laundry pods in front of a toddler, along with a cookie and telling them they can eat the cookie but not the laundry pod. You know what would happen… Paul Patriot 
So according to your comments, God is to blame for the mess we are in, because he gave us free will to choose, rather than making us robots. 
Wow!!!! You have no idea the dangerous path you are walking, a path of blasphemous, accusing of the Living God of tempting the human race by giving them free will. 
I pray you wake up and see the danger and foolishness of your pointing a finger at your creator…. TJAW 
Apologies for butting into this discussion, but God is not my creator, because I do not believe in him. He is not real to me, so there is no “dangerous path”. Of course, you will attempt to convince me otherwise, but there is no solid argument that can be made for his existence. Atheism is on the rise for a simple reason – it’s better to think for yourself than blindly believe in fairy tales and exaggerated history. Paul Patriot 
And you will continue in your rejection of God, and will be without excuse on judgement day. Just because he is not real to you, does not mean that he does not exist. 
The Bible has had its enemies like you for thousands of years, yet it has been true and unwavering in its scientific, historical and prophetic truth, so, I will trust in writings that have proven themselves for centuries ( over man’s emotion and opinion and “feelings”) 
Rest assured the Bible will be here and still be true long after you and I have died, and will continue to be a stumbling block to folks like you, and a source of peace, comfort and hope for folks like me. 
God “is not real to me” as an excuse to run away fro the savior that calls them to repent (of their sins) and believe in the only name under heaven in which a man can be saved…Jesus. 
No hard feelings, I appreciate you corresponding with me. 
Hope you don’t mind, still praying for you…….I used to believe what you did, that’s why I know where you are and how blind I was once Jesus came into my life Paul Patriot 
How blind I was until Jesus opened my eyes. TJAW 
You are hopelessly deluded. Jesus died almost 2000 years ago. Whatever happened to him back then has absolutely no correlation to your life. TJAW 
Even if I believed in God, even if there was concrete proof that he exists, he has done NOTHING for me. He does nothing for anyone. He does not rid the world of disease, he refuses to shield the world from terrorism and evil, he lets children starve to death and families suffer. I don’t need you to pray for me. I don’t live in your childish fairy tale world of angels and demons and spirits. IsabellaSpeaking 
Saying that you know that God has done “nothing for anyone” implies that you know everything. Many people claim God has done a lot for them, so…how would you know otherwise…unless you know everything? And since you know everything, why don’t you rid the world of disease, shield the world from terrorism and evil, etc.? If not the whole world, then maybe one little part of it? Maybe, though, it can’t be done…not in this world… iris 
(:!!! Can’t argue with that one at all. As for the veracity of the Bible: historical details, archeological finds and detailed fulfillment of hundreds of prophecies, (about 300 about the Messiah, alone, almost all of which were fulfilled by Yeshua of Bethlehem, the remaining ones all have to do with the end of days and Messiah’s return and reign on earth regarding the Messiah), the fact that 66 books, written 1500 years apart in some cases, by 40 authors from all walks of life, all having the same theme and going with each other, should give anyone doubting it, pause, at least. And the intricate patterning of the universe implies the opposite of random chance, not to mention the law of cause and effect. God bless! Paul Patriot 
You are repeating the same mantra that has been repeated by God hating folks for centuries. 
Our founding fathers would disagree with you regarding the role of religion and faith in society, and the positive influence absolute morals has. I agree, “religion” can be destructive, but, a personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ, will only produce citizens who strive to please God in their actions, and cause fell o human beings no harm, and on the contrary, a relationship with Jesus, will prevent divorce, adultery, drug abuse, rape, robbery, murder, and entitlement attitudes. 
Again, it’s not “religion” that is beneficial per say, it is a personal relationship with the Savior. Paul Patriot 
The “religion of peace” is not losing ground….somehow the pied piper of propaganda has brainwashed people to criticize Christinity due to its “intolerant” view of saying the Jesus is the only way to be saved from hell…….yet are silent about a religious ideology in which the founders teachings are obeyed, have shown over the past 1400+ years, that “religion of peace” leaves a path of death, destruction and oppression wherever is goes and gains the “upper house”, proving to be the most intolerant religion known by modern man. 
No one here who criticize Christianity seem to want to speak out about Islam though……. iris 
Yes, interesting, since Islam, like many religions, is based on man’s perceived ability to perform enough works of righteousness, as they interpret them. The ways of man are sinking sand. We can never do enough to make it into heaven, for only God is perfect. We need the salvation provided by Jesus Christ, first, last and always. All religions are mankind trying to get to God or to become God or a god. Christianity is a relationship with God, who humbled Himself to come to us as one of us, to give His very self in our place, and took the punishment we all deserve, in order to provide the way of reconciliation to our Holy Creator. He is “the Way, the Truth and the Life”. Maximus 
I identify as a Christian. I just don’t attend church. My beliefs are mine and mine alone; I have a pretty good understanding with the Lord. If other’s think along the same lines, fine. If they don’t, well that’s fine too. 
What gets me is the vilification of Christianity in modern times. I’m not worried about it personally. You either stand with Him or stand alone. horse777res 
America has abandoned GOD, and GOD has abandoned America. The BIBLE says”The wicked shall be turned into hell, and nations that forget GOD.” Psalm 9:17 tacoma 
All religions (with a few rarest exceptions) are based on the impossible. Christianity calls it miracle, other religions have other names. Miracles are impossible in the real world. It is delusion to believe they exist. 
Religion is also about worshiping a god (or gods). The god represents the miracle. By doing this act of worship all kinds of powerful, even impossible benefits will happen. The differences between religions is one of different definitions of god, how to conduct the worship, and what kind of benefit will emerge. Only human beings of the past 10,000 years (but not earlier) do this kind of nonsense. It is the result of our powerful imagination. 
Well the basic nonsense of worshiping gods is so great the leaders of religions were required to construct all kinds of fantastic structures and elaborate rituals to convince people to maintain belief and worship. Add to his are punishments and bloody enforcements. But why? The leaders want to keep their power over people, the age old human character. 
Most religions offer ‘teaching’, some kind of wisdom. But teaching can certainly be offered without religion. An American Native (who treat lightning as a god) is as moral as any of the European religion without their teaching. Follower of Buddhism is at least as moral, likely much more, than followers of other major religions. But Buddhism does not have a god, and does not compel anybody to do anything. 
But are there gods, are they real? Of course there are gods, history of religion list thousands of gods. They are real, but only in the minds of man. A god is software; can be created, defined, killed off at will. Anybody can make a god, based on something real (like the Sun) or fantasy. This is why to make the ‘establishment’ god one needs to wrap all kinds of fantastism and protection around it, make it special. The world always have enough fools to be taken in. 90% of humans are born followers, and they love to be led or fooled. 
In the end, religions are just forms of sociology, politics, philosophy, mind over body. 
There have been great debate between science and religion. Well there are as many religions as human can create them. There is only one science, one based solely only proven facts and accurate predictions. This is why 10,000 universities of the world offer scientific education. And the modern world of great achievements is build on engineering, which in turn is built on science. Rebel w/out a Cause 
Oh my. I’ve read through a lot of the comments, and I have to make a few observations. 1) I graduated from a Independent Fundamental Baptist Bible college, which was controlled by an IFB church, which in turn was easily identified as a cult. And therein lies the rub. Too many “churches” are in reality “cults”. Following the preacher’s teachings as if they’re direct from God. Truth becomes warped. God’s “Word” becomes manipulative teachings to contribute to the preacher’s power and control. Don’t believe me? Google the Hyles family and the First Baptist Church of Hammond Indiana, and the cesspool of corruption it entailed. Even after the demise of Dr. Hyles, the corruption went on to bring down his successor. These are the things that turn people away from Christianity. Who can you trust? What teachings can you trust to be real, and not perverted and twisted? I’ve been a “member” of numerous churches. Only one would I trust to be called “Godly’. The rest were ALL manipulative, controlling, and deceitful. What does THAT tell you about “organized religion”? iris 
Yes, indeed. MR.RANDY DOUGLAS MILLER 
AS A LIFELONG PREACHERS KID AND GREWUP IN THE ANTI-SCIENCE CREATIONIST EVANGELICAL CHRISTIANITY I’M ABSOLUTELY ECSTATIC TO SEE THIS WONDERFUL THING HAPPENING.I’VE BEEN A “NONE” FOR DECADES!",0
7475,Episode #160 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Hail to the Deplorables’ with special guest Randy J,"November 13, 2016 By 21wire Leave a Comment 
Episode #160 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this November 13, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen brings a 3 HOURS special broadcast of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR… 
LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES: 
SUNDAYS – 5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US) 
This week’s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week’s top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour we’ll conduct a post-mortem on the incredible US Election which has produced President Elect Donald J Trump , and the aftermath – a nation divided punctuated by numerous street protests in part fuelled by Soros and the Democratic Party Machine . Later, we’re joined by our roving everyman , ACR Boiler Room contributor, Randy J , for an on the ground take on Election events from the West Coast, and beyond… 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV 
Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield – this is your brave new world… 
*NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES* ",0
7476,Someone Just Donated $2.5 Million to Bail Out Everyone Arrested at Standing Rock,"Someone Just Donated $2.5 Million to Bail Out Everyone Arrested at Standing Rock   Source: Nick Bernabe 
North Dakota — Following the recent mass arrests of 141 people at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site located near Standing Rock, North Dakota, an anonymous donor just donated $2.5 million to bail out everyone who was arrested at the protests. 
The news came after Tamara Francis-Fourkiller, a tribal leader from the Caddo Nation tribe in Caddo County, Oklahoma, was arrested at Standing Rock. Francis-Fourkiller was released after spending two days in jail, but her family says she was just an innocent observer in the clashes between militarized law enforcement and Native American activists, or “water protectors.” 
According to local news affiliate News On 6 : 
“Family members of Caddo Nation chairwoman Tamara Francis-Fourkiller said an anonymous donor paid $2.5 million late Saturday afternoon to release everyone arrested on Thursday at the Dakota Access Pipeline site. They said, however, that Francis-Fourkiller should not have been arrested in the first place.” 
Though the donor who sent the $2.5 million remains anonymous, it appears the person is connected to the Caddo Nation tribe in some way . 
The anonymous donation is welcome news to those arrested in the mass crackdown last Thursday, however, Standing Rock is still raising legal defense funds for future arrests — which are all but guaranteed to happen.  ",0
7477,"Man Who Shot Christina Grimmie, a Singer on ‘The Voice,’ Is Identified - The New York Times","The police on Saturday identified the man who shot and killed Christina Grimmie, a former cast member of the reality TV singing competition “The Voice” and a viral YouTube star, as a    man from St. Petersburg, Fla. The man, Kevin James Loibl, shot Ms. Grimmie in a premeditated attack, the police said, and then killed himself moments later. The shooting happened after a performance by Ms. Grimmie on Friday night in Orlando, and no motive was announced. The authorities said there was no indication the two knew each other. Ms. Grimmie, 22, had performed with the band Before You Exit at a popular Orlando music venue, The Plaza Live, and was signing autographs for fans and selling merchandise shortly before 10:30 p. m. when the gunman walked up to her and opened fire, the Orlando Police Department said in a statement. John Mina, the chief of the Orlando Police Department, said Mr. Loibl had traveled to Orlando with two handguns, several loaded magazines and a hunting knife. Police officials were examining his telephone and computer to try to determine a motive. A note on the door of Mr. Loibl’s house in St. Petersburg expressed “the deepest sorrow” to Ms. Grimmie’s family, friends and fans and said there would be no other comment, The Associated Press reported. A spokeswoman for Ms. Grimmie, Heather Weiss, said, “It is with a heavy heart that we can confirm that Christina has passed and went home to be with the Lord. ” The Police Department said in a statement that “Christina was a talented young artist, and we know that her fans and supporters want as much information as possible. ” “We will continue to update as the investigation unfolds,” it added. When the shooting began, the singer’s brother Marcus Grimmie quickly tackled Mr. Loibl, who shot himself in the ensuing struggle. The police credited Mr. Grimmie with bringing the attack to a swift end and protecting fans. There were about 120 people present at the time of the shooting, Chief Mina said. “Her brother Marcus is a hero and possibly saved countless other lives,” the Police Department said. It said Mr. Grimmie had not been injured in the altercation. Ms. Grimmie was “critically injured” when police officers arrived at the venue on Friday night and died of her injuries at a hospital at about 3 a. m. Saturday, according to a police statement. Ms. Grimmie rose to fame on YouTube as a teenager, performing covers of   songs by contemporary artists like Miley Cyrus, Celine Dion and Usher that garnered millions of views. Her profile grew in 2014 when she competed on the sixth season of the popular NBC singing competition “The Voice. ” She finished third, winning the praise of its celebrity hosts, a broader fan base and a deal with Island Records. Ms. Grimmie’s manager, Brian Teefey, described her as “like a second daughter” and said he was horrified by her death. “All I wanted to do was assist her in achieving her musical dreams while protecting her from the pitfalls associated with the business,” Mr. Teefey said. “I never could have imagined this horrific event being one of the pitfalls needing to be avoided. ” On Saturday, her fans and friends in the music industry posted messages of shock and mourning on social media. “I’m stunned and disgusted and heartbroken that we lost that sweet little girl,” Blake Shelton, a host of “The Voice,” wrote on Twitter on Saturday morning. Adam Levine, another of the show’s hosts and Ms. Grimmie’s   mentor, wrote on Instagram before her death was confirmed, “I’m sad, shocked and confused. ” “This just isn’t fair,” he added.",0
7479,Cop Fired After Reporting Supervisor’s Practice of Rating Female Drivers on ‘Rapability’ Scale,"Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Fired After Reporting Supervisor’s Practice of Rating Female Drivers on ‘Rapability’ Scale Cop Fired After Reporting Supervisor’s Practice of Rating Female Drivers on ‘Rapability’ Scale John Vibes October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
New Boston, N.H. – After she was fired for exposing the predatory behavior of one of her superior officers, a female cop has gone public with her case and filed a lawsuit against her former employer. According to the former officer, Alexandra Drake, her supervisor, Michael Masella, a lieutenant with the New Boston Police Department, was sexually threatening multiple female officers and would brag about he preyed on women at traffic stops. 
Drake blew the whistle about her superior’s behavior and filed a report along with another employee who witnessed his behavior. However, instead of looking into the allegations, the department fired Drake and accused her of lying. 
According to a recent lawsuit , Drake noticed Masella’s disturbing behavior while she was training under him at the New Boston Police department. The department alleges that she was fired for incorrectly filling out a police report, but she says she filed the report exactly as she was ordered to, by her superior, Masella. 
According to the lawsuit, “ After completing the stop, he told Drake that he wanted to just take them out and ‘rape’ them rather than issue a citation. Masella would routinely make comments about female drivers whom he thought found him attractive or good looking. He has apparently developed a ‘rapability’ scale about female drivers and would test Drake whether a particular driver was ‘rapable.’ ” 
“Masella spoke very negatively about the two former female employees, which made Drake nervous. Drake was certain that the slightest slip could make her a target of severe harassment, termination of employment or even rape, ” it continued. 
Drake says that Smith made inappropriate advances towards her on several occasions while they were on and off-duty. 
“Masella arrived in a cruiser while he was on duty wearing a full police uniform. When Drake opened the front door, Masella asked her if she was naked. Drake told Masella she ‘was not’ at which point Masella stated ‘Oh, alright I will come back later.’ ” the lawsuit stated. 
County attorney Donald Smith denied commenting on behalf of the police department, telling NECN that, “ As a policy, the Town of New Boston does not comment on pending litigation. The Town is in the process of preparing a response to the allegations brought forth by Ms. Drake.” 
In the statement to the press, Smith denied the charges. 
“The complaint contains inaccurate information which will be addressed as part of the ongoing legal process,” Smith said. 
When Drake made a complaint to the police chief about the issue, she was the one who was interrogated instead of Masella, and she was fired shortly after. 
“During this interrogation of Drake, she was subjected to a barrage of questioning lasting for over an hour while the offending supervisor, Masella stood close by,” the lawsuit stated. 
To add insult to injury Drake was issued a warning for violating the county’s sexual harassment policy with her termination. 
Unfortunately, this type of response to good cops, who try to call out corruption in their department is the rule, not the exception. 
Previously, the Free Thought Project brought you the story of Laura Schook, who tried to call out corruption in her department. Naturally, they tried to run her through the mud and fire her. 
Prior to Schook, we broke the story of a cop in Buffalo, NY who was beaten and fired after she stopped a fellow cop from nearly killing a handcuffed man. She is still fighting for her pension. 
In Kentucky, a sheriff’s deputy was fired for “insubordination” after pointing out that the sheriff had planted drugs in another deputy’s car. Even though the sheriff was indicted, the deputy was still fired. 
In September of 2014, we exposed the Baltimore police department’s attempt to intimidate a whistleblower officer. Detective Joe Crystal became a target of intimidation for his entire department after testifying against other officers in a misconduct case. Following his testimony, he received threats from other officers and even found dead rats on he and his wife’s cars. 
The thin blue line, it seems, is akin to the mafia — cross it and you will be snubbed out by the rest of the gang. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally, without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here. Share",0
7480,Letter for Mr Smith - part 2 The Main -,"(Mr Smith): You know Mr Main I don't respond very well if people start to pull on my strings... (The Main): ... and still... here you are Mr Smith. (Mr Smith): Indeed ! (The Main): Poor Mr Smith , doesn't know which pill swallow... doesn't he ? (Mr Smith): You weren't completely honest with me Mr Main. I don't like dishonest people dear Mr Main and I certainly want a dishonest person to become my boss. (The Main): So just follow the rules dear Mr Smith. Forget about the letter have some fun some sex and Die of boredom like the rest of the controllers. (Mr Smith): People that talk about rules are very dangerous people my father used to say. (The Main): your father was a wise man. (The Main): Tell me do you like dangerous Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): Hyperborea... (The Main): I consider that a yes , Applause for you. You've been investigating haven't you? (The Main): Oh I really start to like you Dear young Mr Smith. (Mr Smith,agitated): 58 Billion death , Genocide !, an entire sentient species !!. Sir You're a monster nothing more !!! (The Main,voice calm): ...And yet here you are (Mr Smith): Just the Truth nothing more.... Convince me that you're worth it. (The Main): Oh dear Mr smith I'm worth it. But the truth has to be deserved.... I admit Hyperborea was an mistake that shouldn't be made. (Mr Smith): The truth...Just tell me why... (The Main): Mistakes dear Mr Smith... We have made a lot of mistakes. (Mr Smith,loud voice): don't you mean You made a lot of mistakes... Sir ! (finger pointing). (Mr Smith,loud voice ): Don't blame it on the minor controllers , YOU were the main controller and YOU made a lot of mistakes. (The Main,soft voice): OK OK , Indeed I made a lot of mistakes. I tried to create Heaven and ended up with Hell , it was Hubris at it's finest ! (Mr Smith): .... (The Main): You know what the opposite of love is dear Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): .... (The Main,crescendo voice): It's isn't hate it is Too much love. I loved too much ! If you want to condemn me condemn me for too much love and not for Genocide. Yes yes I killed 58biljon beautiful people but the source of my demise the one and only real source Mr Smith was ... too much love!! (Silence) (The Main,emotional):It was a beautiful Soul pure as our precious aether. I was obsessed with it. I started it to follow into it's myriad of incarnations. As the Eons went by I saw how the Hyperboreans those beautiful people that I had created started colonize the 5 th planet of sol ,Tia-mat Eons later they even colonized the 3th planet now known as Earth. Their empire grew. Beautiful people that had no hate in their hearth. Yes I was responsible for they extinction by making the greatest mistake a Controller could make... Do you know what that is Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): .... (The Main,soft-voice): I Entered The simulation. edit on 10272016 by frenchfries because: (no reason given)",0
7481,"United States – reformation or fracture?, by Thierry Meyssan","United States – reformation or fracture? by Thierry Meyssan Observing the US presidential electoral campaign, Thierry Meyssan analyses the resurgence of an old and weighty conflict of civilisation. Hillary Clinton has just declared that this election is not about programmes, but about the question «Who are the Americans?». It was not for reasons of his political prgramme that the Republican leaders have withdrawn their support from their candidate, Donald Trump, but because of his personal behaviour. According to Thierry Meyssan, until now, the United States was composed of migrants from different horizons who accepted to submit to the ideology of a particular community . This is the model which is in the process of breaking down, at the risk of shattering the country itself.
Voltaire Network | Damascus (Syria) | 26 October 2016 français Español italiano русский Deutsch Português ελληνικά Türkçe عربي During the year of the US electoral campaign that we have just weathered, the rhetoric has profoundly changed, and an unexpected rift has appeared between the two camps. If, in the beginning, the candidates spoke about subjects which were genuinely political (such as the sharing of wealth or national security), today they are mostly talking about sex and money. It is this dialogue, and not the political questions, which has caused the explosion of the Republican party – whose main leaders have withdrawn their support from their candidate - and which is recomposing the political chess-board, awakening an ancient cleavage of civilisation. On one side, Mrs. Clinton is working to appear politically correct, while on the other, «The Donald» is blowing the hypocrisy of the ex-«First Lady» to smithereens.
On one side, Hillary Clinton promises male / female equality - although she has never hesitated to attack and defile the women who revealed that they had slept with her husband – and that she is presenting herself not for her personal qualities, but as the wife of an ex-President, and that she accuses Donald Trump of misogyny because he does not hide his appreciation of the female gender. On the other, Donald Trump denounces the privatisation of the State and the racketing of foreign personalities by the Clinton Foundation to obtain appointments with the State Department – the creation of ObamaCare not in the interest of citizens, but for the profit of medical insurance companies - and goes as far as to question the honesty of the electoral system.
I am perfectly aware that the way in which Donald Trump expresses himself may encourage racism, but I do not believe for a second that this question is at the heart of the electoral debate, despite the hype from the pro-Clinton medias. It is not without interest that, during the Lewinsky affair, President Bill Clinton apologised to the Nation and convened a number of preachers to pray for his salvation. But when he was accused of similar misconduct by an audio recording, Donald Trump simply apologised to the people he had upset without making any appeal to members of the clergy. The currrent divide re-awakens the revolt of Catholic, Orthodox and Lutheran values against those of the Calvinists, mainly represented in the USA by the Presbyterians, the Baptists and the Methodists.
While the two candidates were raised in the Puritan tradition (Clinton as a Methodist and Trump as a Presbyterian), Mrs. Clinton has returned to the religion of her father, and participates today in a prayer group composed of the army chiefs of staff, The Family, while Mr. Trump practises a more interior form of spirituality and rarely goes to church. Of course, no-one is locked into the systems in which they were raised, but when people act without thinking, they unconsciously reproduce these systems. The question of the religious environment of the candidates may therefore be important.
In order to understand the stakes of this game, we have to go back and look at 17th century England. Oliver Cromwell instigated a military coup d’etat which overthrew King Charles 1st. He wanted to install a Republic, purify the soul of the country, and ordered the decapitation of the ex-sovereign. He created a sectarian régime inspired by the ideas of Calvin, massacred thousands of Irish Papists, and imposed a Puritan way of life. He also created Zionism – he invited the Jews back to England, and was the first head of state in the world to demand the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine. This bloody episode is known by the name of the «First British Civil War».
After the monarchy had been reinstated, Cromwell’s Puritans fled from England. They set up in Holland, from where some of them left for the Americas aboard the Mayflower (the «Pilgrim Fathers»), while others founded the Afrikaneer community in South Africa. During the War of Independence in the 18th century United States, we saw a resurgence of the struggle of the Calvinists against the British monarchy, so that in current manuals of British History, it is known as the «Second Civil War».
In the 19th century, the American Civil War opposed the Southern States (mainly inhabited by Catholic colonists) to the North (mostly inhabited by Protestant colonists). The History of the winning side presents this confrontation as a fight for freedom in the face of slavery, which is pure propaganda. The Southern states abolished slavery during the war when they concluded an agreement with the British monarchy). As a result, we once again saw the revolt of the Puritans against the Brititsh throne, which is why some historians speak of the «Third British Civil War».
During the 20th century, this interior confrontation of British civilisation seemed over and done with, apart from the re-appearance of the Puritans in the United Kingdom with the «non-conformist Christians» of Prime Minister David Lloyd George. It was they who divided Ireland and agreed to create the « Jewish national homeland» in Palestine.
In any case, one of Richard Nixon’s advisors, Kevin Philipps, dedicated a voluminous thesis to these civil wars, in which he noted that none of the problems had been solved, and announced a fourth confrontation [ 1 ].
The adepts of the Calvinist churches, who for the last 40 years have voted massively for the Republicans, now support the Democrats.
I have no doubt that Mrs. Clinton will be the next President of the United States, or that if Mr. Trump were to be elected, he would be rapidly eliminated. But over the last few months, we have witnessed a large electoral redistribution within an irreversible demographic evolution. The Puritan-based churches now account for only a quarter of the population, and are swinging towards the Democrat camp. Their model looks like a historical accident. It disappeared in South Africa, and will not be able to survive much longer, either in the United States or in Israël. Beyond the Presidential election, US society will have to evolve rapidly or split once again. In a country where the youth massively rejects the influence of the Puritan preachers, it is no longer possible to displace the question of equality. The Puritans envisage a society where all men are equal, but not equivalent. Lord Cromwell wanted a Republic for the English, but only after he had massacred the Irish Papists. This is how it is at the moment in the United States – all citizens are equal before the law, but in the name of the same texts, black people are systematically condemned, while attenuating circumstances are found for white people who have committed equivalent crimes. And in the majority of states, a penal condemnation, even for a speeding ticket, is enough to cancel the right to vote. Consequently, white and black people are equal, but in most states, the majority of black people has been legally deprived of its right to vote. The paradigm of this thought, in terms of foreign policy, is the «two-state» solution in Palestine – equal, but above all, not equivalent.
It is Puritan thinking that led the administrations of preacher Carter, Reagan, Bush (Sr. and Jr. are direct descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers), Clinton and Obama to support Wahhabism, in contradiction to the declared ideals of their countries, and today, to support Daesh.
A long time ago, the Founding Fathers built communities in Plymouth and Boston which were idealised in the US collective memory. And yet the historians are formal – they claimed to be creating the «New Israël», and chose the «Law of Moses». They did not place the Cross in their temples, but the Tables of the Law. Although they are Christians, they attach more importance to the Jewish scriptures than the Gospel. They oblige their women to veil their faces and re-established corporaI punishment. Thierry Meyssan
Thierry Meyssan Translation
Pete Kimberley",0
7482,"Climate Change Threatens World’s Coffee Supply, Report Says - The New York Times","A report examining the many ways climate change threatens coffee and coffee farmers has alarmed people who are now imagining what it would be like getting through the day without their caffeine fix. The report, released this month by the Climate Institute, a nonprofit organization in Australia, was commissioned by Fairtrade Australia and New Zealand, the regional hub of the global Fairtrade system. Though it contains little new research, it has made waves by collating an array of available literature indicating that climate change will have a stark effect on the world’s coffee supply. The report emphasizes the threat warming temperatures pose to farmland, citing a study from the March 2015 issue of the journal Climatic Change that found climate change “will reduce the global area suitable for coffee by about 50 percent across emission scenarios. ” In addition to the disappearing land on which to grow coffee, the report highlights the way warmer weather is exacerbating the threat of diseases like coffee rust and pests like the coffee berry borer, a type of beetle that a 2011 report said caused annual losses of hundreds of millions of dollars in coffee beans. “The extra warmth is enabling those sorts of lines of attack to be strengthened,” said John Connor, the chief executive of the Climate Institute. Coffee plants thrive in stable environments where a precise combination of temperature and precipitation allows beans to prosper while keeping their taste profile. The report shows that countries once offering the proper mix of climate factors in the “bean belt,” including Colombia, Mexico, Brazil, Ethiopia and Vietnam, have become less hospitable because of shifts in weather patterns scientists say can be attributed to climate change. The report’s findings, though new to many people, are all too familiar to major coffee companies, which have been scrambling to battle climate change’s effect on their product for the past several years. “It’s a severe threat,” said Doug Welsh, the vice president of coffee at Peet’s Coffee and a member of the board of World Coffee Research, an international group founded by coffee companies intent on protecting their cash crop. “It’s anecdotal, but I don’t know any coffee farmers who don’t believe that their weather, and with it their disease and productivity issues, have changed dramatically over the last decade,” he said. A spokeswoman from Starbucks, Haley P. Drage, said that the company had been offering coffee growers support programs for years to help ensure the longevity of their farms. “This becomes even more important when farmers experience fluctuating weather conditions that are the result of a warmer climate,” she said. “We believe that with the proper vigilance, as well as a   approach, we can help farmers manage the variables that come with these new dynamics. ” But Mr. Welsh, touting the benefits of the World Coffee Research group, said, “There is no coffee company on the face of the earth that’s big enough to tackle the challenge of climate change on its own. ” The strategies the organization is developing acknowledge the severity of the threat from climate change, and many are adaptive rather than preventive  —   taking for granted that temperatures are bound to keep rising. For instance, one project aims to create a gene bank to preserve the genetic diversity in Arabica coffee. Another strategy is the creation of a variety catalog with information on various beans’ pest resistance, yield and ability to thrive at certain altitudes. A third is a “sensory lexicon” in which the organization evaluates the new coffee varieties being developed by coffee breeders to ensure their palatability. But even the organization’s website acknowledges that “there are major gaps in our knowledge of how to best help coffee producers adapt to climate change. ” Mr. Welsh said, “No one, of course, would want to see any coffee species go extinct, but we have to prepare for the distinct possibility that that could happen. ” Molly Harriss Olson, the chief executive of Fairtrade Australia and New Zealand, said she was particularly concerned about coffee producers and the impact warming temperatures and unpredictable weather patterns would have on them. “Coffee supports the livelihoods of 125 million people around the world, including some of the most marginalized and poor people in developing countries,” she said, citing a report from the International Coffee Organization. “If we don’t do something about it soon, the consequences for these people are going to be absolutely devastating. ”",0
7483,Evidence in Weiner sexting scandal leads FBI to reopen criminal investigation of Hillary,"Print 
It takes a lot for the FBI to reopen an investigation. It takes even more for the FBI to reopen an investigation of a presidential candidate eleven days before the election. But that’s exactly what has happened. 
Early this afternoon it was announced that the FBI was reopening the criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton’s conduct as secretary of state, with regard to her email server and America’s secrets. And don’t listen to any Clinton surrogates who say it’s not a criminal investigation. The FBI doesn’t do any other kind of investigation. 
The first inkling of the news was a tweet from Rep. Jason Chaffetz : 
FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
About ten minutes after Chaffetz’s tweet came this letter from FBI Director James Comey to congressional leaders: 
The new information didn’t come from WikiLeaks, according to the New York Times ; it came from Hillary Clinton ultra-confidante Huma Abedin (thanks to the sexting scandal investigation involving her estranged husband). Federal law enforcement officials confirmed Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server were discovered after the FBI seized electronic devices belonging to Abedin. 
We don’t know when this new criminal investigation will be over, or what exactly the new material is. However, in this highly charged political year less than two weeks before Election Day, Comey would not reopen the criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton and do it so publicly unless he thought it was significant. Whether this will have any effect on people’s vote is also unknown. It may be that this kind of news is already baked in to people’s attitudes about Clinton. We shall see. Either way, if you are a Trump supporter, it can’t hurt.",0
7484,Public Defender Says Prosecutor Denied Him Access to Ahmad Rahami - The New York Times,"Since he was captured on Monday, Ahmad Khan Rahami, the man accused of carrying out bombings last weekend in Manhattan and on the Jersey Shore, has been hospitalized in Newark, recovering from gunshot wounds he sustained in a confrontation with the police. From his bed at University Hospital, he has been charged by three different prosecutors: the United States attorneys in Manhattan and New Jersey, for his alleged role in the bombings and the Union County, N. J. prosecutor, for allegedly trying to kill police officers who tracked him down on Monday in the city of Linden. A New Jersey judge has ordered him held on $5. 2 million bail on the state charges. Yet despite the burst of legal proceedings and litany of charges made public this week, Mr. Rahami has not had a lawyer for almost the entire time he has been in custody, and even now, the question of his legal representation remains unsettled. On Thursday, Peter A. Liguori, a state public defender in Union County, sought to meet with Mr. Rahami but was prevented by a lawyer with the Union County prosecutor’s office, according to a filing Mr. Liguori submitted to a judge in Superior Court in Elizabeth, the county seat. “I attempted to meet with or at least see Mr. Rahami to confirm his condition,” Mr. Liguori wrote to the judge, Regina Caulfield. But, he said, a prosecutor, Ann Luvera, told him that Mr. Rahami was “unconscious and unable to speak,” and she “would not give me permission to visit. ” Earlier in the week, Mr. Liguori had said that neither Mr. Rahami nor his family had sought representation from the public defender. But since then, Mr. Rahami’s father had asked the office to represent his son, who had been found to be eligible as an indigent defendant, Mr. Liguori said In the court filing, Mr. Liguori said he was formally entering his appearance in the case, the latest twist in a flurry of unusual activity to secure legal representation for Mr. Rahami. Usually when people are arrested on federal or state charges, they are taken to court promptly, informed of their rights and, if they cannot afford a lawyer, appointed one. But the delay in providing Mr. Rahami a lawyer has raised concerns among legal rights advocacy groups as well as lawyers who have been seeking to represent him. “It is outrageous that the prosecutor is refusing to give permission to the public defender to visit Mr. Rahami,” said Udi Ofer, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey, which is not involved in the case. “It is vital that the public defender be given access to his client so that Mr. Rahami’s medical condition may be verified and his rights are protected. ” A spokesman for the Union County prosecutor’s office could not be reached for comment late Friday afternoon after the public defender’s filing was released by a court official. It could not be learned on Friday whether Judge Caulfield had acted on Mr. Liguori’s request to represent Mr. Rahami. But much of the debate over the bombing suspect’s legal representation has come amid great mystery about his medical condition. Law enforcement officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the continuing investigation, have said that Mr. Rahami was shot multiple times. He remained intubated as of Thursday. When was he taken to the hospital, a senior law enforcement official said, investigators questioned him briefly in the ambulance, asking for his name and whether he had any weapons, but gathered little useful information. The official said Mr. Rahami was not questioned under the   public safety exception to the Miranda rules. Under the exception, investigators interrogate a suspect for intelligence purposes without advising the suspect of his rights, a tactic used in previous terrorism cases. A suspect is only then advised of his rights and questioned for law enforcement purposes. David E. Patton, the chief federal public defender in New York City, where Mr. Rahami is expected to be prosecuted first on the federal charges, wrote to a judge in Manhattan on Tuesday, asking that Mr. Rahami be brought there “at the earliest possible time” for a court appearance. If he was unable to travel because of his medical condition, Mr. Patton said, the office could meet with him in the hospital and represent him via videoconference. The office of Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, opposed the request, arguing that Mr. Rahami had not been arrested on federal charges and therefore the right to a speedy court appearance and to a lawyer had not been triggered. A magistrate judge, Gabriel W. Gorenstein, ruled for the government, agreeing that there had been no federal arrest. On Wednesday, Richard Coughlin, the federal public defender for New Jersey, made a similar request in the United States District Court in Newark. The office of Paul J. Fishman, the United States attorney for New Jersey, opposed that request, and it was denied on Friday by a magistrate judge, Mark Falk. Mr. Liguori, in his letter to Judge Caulfield, noted that but for Mr. Rahami’s “apparent incapacity, he was due to be produced before the court for his original appearance” on Thursday. “Except for these extraordinary circumstances, I would have entered my appearance” at that proceeding, he wrote. Mr. Patton, the public defender in Manhattan, said the questions surrounding Mr. Rahami’s representation were “starting to look like a game of   monte. ” “I don’t care where his lawyer comes from,” he added. “He just needs a lawyer. ”",0
7485,"One Week, and Counting: Bottom-Fishing in America","Email 
Webster: frequenting the bottom. When a right-wing cell (FBI), from its inception, at the heart of government, now appears to the Left of the leading candidate for president (Clinton), one knows that she is fishing on the shoreline of fascism. From a democratic standpoint, it doesn’t get any worse. Even her challenger, matching her stride for stride in vulgarian (pretentious, indecent), gut-authoritarianism, the two the Janus-faced expression of the Class-State, at least does not demonize Putin and Russia, as preparatory, in her case, to still wider confrontation, including China, as dangerously leading up to a catastrophic war, or at first the breakdown of the international order. 
The FBI, from cops and robbers, to reds and fellow subversives, as television and popular opinion would have it, was a spearhead for McCarthyism and a practical annex of the House Un-American Activities Committee. Those were the days, from Baby-face Nelson to the Rosenbergs, and now, hardly chastened from its turbid (muddy, foul, opaque) past, still the guardian of American innocence, Director Comey makes one correct move to undo the legacy of J. Edgar Hoover, and the American political world falls apart. I am not a fan of Comey’s for his initial exoneration of Clinton in her use of a private server at State, but surely, this is an eye-opener, about how far the political spectrum has shifted to the Far Right. 
Whomever wins the election, America digs itself deeper into the cesspool of hierarchical class-differentiation, wealth-concentration, a pervasive ideological atmosphere of solipsistic hatred at home for human difference, rancid hegemony abroad for any who seek an alternative path to modernization away from the example of US petrifying capitalism. This election reveals that America, like a broken record, is stuck, playing over and over again the themes of domestic repression and foreign counterrevolution, the ideal synthesis for the unilateral assertion of world power. Neither candidate nor major party distances itself from the latter goal. 
Comey, perhaps against his will and ideological proclivities, achieves standing here, merely, as he should, by doing his duty. The bipartisan consensus maneuvering in place to chastise him reveals the dark reality of a nation so devoted to denial and untruth, possibly to cover over its sins of commission (war crimes, indigenous racism and xenophobia) and omission (failure to act on environmental degradation, an adequate system of health care, a military budget crowding out the general welfare), that it has lost its way and falsified its original promised constitutional existence. America is presently normless, and has been since capitalism inaugurated its take-off stage following the Civil War. And before that, with institutionalized slavery, internal genocidal expansion, and cap-in-hand deference to political ideologues not adverse to compromise with, if not actually representing, vested interests. 
Scratch America from the democratic column, transposed now to an enlarged banana republic wherein one can expect, from either party and successful candidate, enhanced features of an already ripening Police State. Surveillance, proscription, total exclusion of viable methods, measures, and structural changes pointed toward democratization, America will formally become what it already is: a panicked response to the self-realization of its nihilistic core of moral values and systemic attributes—a nuclear-armed Goliath lacking soul and conscience, and for that reason a menace to world peace and self-renewal at home. No, Comey, by his actions, is not the enemy, but one who for the first time has put on his spectacles and looked around him. There are some things that even an ardent “patriot” cannot stomach. 
I recall how in the 1960s, e.g., Mississippi Freedom Summer, the FBI would interrogate us, try to sow doubts in the hearts of the demonstrators, act as intimidators pure and simple, combined with its undercover role in breaking up antiwar protests throughout the decade, so I hardly have much hope that things have changed. Yet, my hat is off to Comey, even if only to anger Clinton, force Democrats into self-protective mode, and raise questions about the rotten stinking fish used to fertilize her and the party’s position on war and peace, capitalism (Wall Street’s Miss America), and the Clintons’ own mind-boggling accumulation of personal wealth—all of which is instinctively known by the public, but unable to extricate from the mental prison of submerged guilt for totalitarian ways and practices. 
We await the election, a studied exercise in un-freedom, where tyranny of false consciousness defines the psychological mental set of America, what Adorno writing sixty-six years ago called authoritarian submission, a framework where the Leadership Principle comes to the foreground if it has not already. Parallels to the incipient stages of Nazism are not an exaggeration, and it is not a loud-mouthed Trump who is necessarily the greatest danger. He is predominantly all-surface. It is Clinton who plumbs the depths of arrogance, ambition, congealed militarism. America, R.I.P. 
My New York Times Comment to its editorial, “James Comey’s Big Mistake,” 11-1-16, follows: 
Comey acted honorably. Unlike Hoover, he is here depoliticizing the FBI. The Times has demonstrated such partiality to Clinton, in news selection as well as editorial opinion, that it is hard to take its criticism seriously. Endorsement is one thing, blind-siding the other side quite different. Are not emails a legitimate area of investigation? Does not the public have the right to know, especially in an election? If there is no smoking gun, this will redound to Clinton’s benefit; if there is, yes, it might change minds. But what is wrong with that? 
Clinton invariably is treated with kid gloves. Even the initial issue, the use of a private server to transact government business, is forgotten. Rather than jump on Comey, why not revisit the whole question–which Comey had originally dismissed–of Clinton’s valuing of transparency, and from there (although it is now late in the game) her whole foreign policy framework and hostility, in particular, to Putin and Russia? 
To criticize Clinton does not necessarily make one an apologist for Trump. Call the shots with equal endeavor; responsible journalism requires no less.",0
7486,Tom Cotton Voted No on Omnibus: Bill Increases Unskilled Worker Visas 120% - Breitbart,"Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) took to the Senate floor on Thursday ahead of the vote on the spending bill to fund the federal government through September, citing as the main reason he voted against it the flood of unskilled workers that could be admitted to the United States under the legislation. [“I want to hone in on one particular provision that shows just how bad this process is,” Cotton said, noting the bill is almost 1, 700 pages in length.  “They don’t hide the good things in the bill, they only hide the bad things,” Cotton said. “So look to page 735, section   you will find an increase in   visas of almost 79, 000. “A 120 percent increase over the normal annual cap of a   seasonal visa program for temporary workers that can take up to nine or ten months,” Cotton said. “It’s not necessary. It has nothing to do with funding the government, nothing. ” Cotton criticized the process and noted it is unclear how the visa section got into a spending bill. “But this is what it does: it takes jobs away from American workers and abuses the immigrants that come into this country,” Cotton said, noting that according to the Department of Labor thousands of guest workers have been abused by American employers, including sexual abuse. “It is a   form of indentured servitude,” Cotton said. Breitbart News reported ahead of the spending bill vote that the it allows the Department of Homeland Security to import at least 20, 000 extra foreign   workers for seasonal jobs in the United States, instead of requiring companies to recruit, train, and pay marginalized Americans. The   program currently allows companies that do seasonal work to import up to 66, 000 foreign workers each year instead of recruiting and hiring Americans. The program is supported by Democrats and Republicans eager to aid local business groups, which are competing against each other for American workers, and which face competition from the companies that employ roughly eight million illegal immigrants. The program means companies don’t have to pay a premium to hire Americans for seasonal overtime work that leaves them unemployed in winter, and it also reduces pressure on the companies to recruit and train youths and marginalized Americans, including millions of Americans who have fallen out of the workforce. The imported workers are also paid at rates that are lower than needed to attract Americans to those jobs  —   which also means that the companies can pay lower wages to their   American workers. Cotton said the spending bill reinforces the false narrative about American workers and what jobs they are willing to take. “A lot of the arguments for this kind of program boil down to this: No American worker will do that job,” Cotton said. “That is a lie. It is a lie. ” “There is no job that Americans will not do,” Cotton said. “There is no industry in America where a majority of workers are not   American citizens or   lawful immigrants  —   not landscapers, not construction workers, not ski instructors, not lifeguards, not resort workers, not crab men, not a single one. ” “If the wage is decent and the employer obeys the law, Americans will do the job,” Cotton said. “And if it’s not, they should pay higher wages. To say anything else is an insult to the work ethic of the American people who make this country run. ” ",0
7487,"ISIS Is Massacring Mosul Civilians as Troops Advance, U.N. Says - The New York Times","GENEVA  —   Islamic State militants have summarily killed scores of civilians in the Iraqi city of Mosul in recent days, sometimes using children as executioners, and have used chemical agents against Iraqi and Kurdish troops, United Nations officials said on Friday. Video posted by the militants on Wednesday showed four children, who appear to be 10 to 14 years old, shooting four civilians accused of disloyalty at a location near the Tigris River, said Ravina Shamdasani, a spokeswoman for the United Nations human rights office in Geneva. The video release identified one of the children as Russian, another as coming from Uzbekistan and two as Iraqis. United Nations investigators had not identified the time of the killings but believed they were recent, citing the surge in executions by Islamic State courts and fighters in and around Mosul in recent weeks and the brutal training the militants have forced on children in the parts of Iraq and Syria they control. “They are showing they are still in business,” Ms. Shamdasani said of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh. In one massacre, militants were said to have summarily shot 40 civilians in Mosul, dressing them in orange clothes adorned with words, marked in red, labeling them “traitors and agents of the I. S. F. ,” Ms. Shamdasani said, using the abbreviation for Iraqi Security Forces. Afterward, the militants strung up the bodies of their victims from electricity poles around the city  —   a practice the Islamic State long used to strike fear into those who live in the group’s strongholds. The next day, Islamic State fighters shot 20 civilians at a military base in the north of the city and also strung up their bodies with signs carrying statements like “used cellphones to leak information to the I. S. F. ,” she said. The battle for Mosul, with tens of thousands of security force members bearing down on Iraq’s   city, is now almost a month old. At the beginning, the fighting moved relatively quickly because the first objective was to clear dozens of outlying villages that, while they were defended by Islamic State militants, were largely uninhabited by civilians, allowing government forces a freer hand to act without regard for killing civilians. But in the 10 days since Iraqi counterterrorism forces punched into the city itself from the east, the fighting has slowed, as soldiers go house to house in brutal urban fighting in areas where there are still large numbers of civilians. Over the past week, the largest numbers of civilians so far have fled the fighting, with close to 48, 000 people displaced as of Friday, according to the World Health Organization and United Nations. But that is nowhere near the total that officials worry could be in danger once the fighting moves to the most populated areas across the Tigris on the west side of Mosul, which is still believed to be home to at least one million people. Reports from inside the city indicate that the Islamic State has set up elaborate defenses on the banks of the Tigris, including artillery pieces. The United Nations said that militants were reported to have shot six civilians on Oct. 20 for keeping hidden SIM cards in defiance of an order to surrender them. A week later, a    man was killed for keeping a cellphone, she added. Among the witnesses to the recent killings was the sole survivor from a group of 50 former members of Iraq’s security forces who was abducted by militants, taken to the Mosul airport and shot. Although wounded, “he pretended to be dead, escaped, and we spoke to him,” she said. Meanwhile, a mass grave discovered on Monday by Iraqi troops near an agricultural college in the town of Hamam   was only one among numerous sites of   killings, Ms. Shamdasani said. The grave contained at least 100 corpses, but Islamic State fighters were also reported to have dumped bodies down a well and at a cement factory yard in the same town, and at several other locations including the Mosul airport and in the Tigris. On a lengthening list of atrocities reported from Mosul, militants had deployed “sons of the Caliphate,” believed to be teenagers or younger, around the old town armed with explosive belts. They had also brought abducted women, some of them members of Iraq’s Yazidi minority, into the city to distribute them as slaves for their fighters. Interviews with residents inside Mosul in recent days indicate a pattern of brutality by the Islamic State much like what the United Nations has been reporting, including an increase in the number of boys on the streets carrying rifles and swords. One resident told The New York Times that the Islamic State in recent days had executed 18 former security force members and driven their bodies in the back of a pickup truck to a freshly dug mass grave. In addition to the Islamic State’s forcibly moving civilians into Mosul for use as human shields to deter attack, the United Nations said it had credible reports of the group’s fighters’ using chemical weapons and chemical agents like chlorine gas against advancing Iraqi and Kurdish forces. Ms. Shamdasani said that Iraqi troops entering the city had found large quantities of sulfur and ammonia stockpiled in civilian areas of the city. The discovery raised fears that the chemicals could be used as a weapon to slow advancing government forces or punish civilians left behind after militants set on fire and shelled a sulfur gas factory in a subdistrict of Mosul. Their action resulted in the death of four civilians who inhaled fumes from burning sulfur, she added. Militants had also reportedly dumped sulfur in trenches and pits in Mosul and were holding civilians nearby. Human rights officials are also receiving accounts of revenge killings by   forces, targeting local Sunni civilians they accused of aiding or supporting the Islamic State, deepening fears that sectarian strife will continue after the battle for Mosul has ended. Voicing outrage at the “numbing and intolerable” suffering inflicted on civilians by the unfolding conflict, the United Nations human rights chief, Zeid Ra’ad   in a statement on Friday demanded immediate action by the Iraqi government to protect fleeing or freed residents of areas held by the Islamic State and to bring the attackers to justice. Quick action could save lives by discouraging people from taking the law into their own hands, Ms. Shamdasani said.",0
7488,iMAHDi – the arrivals 39 The Prophet’s Lineageالقادمون,Support Us iMAHDi – the arrivals 39 The Prophet’s Lineageالقادمون,0
7489,"Tom Hayden: Revolution, Protest and America","( Nicolas Nova / CC 2.0 ) 
Editor’s Note: Tom Hayden, an activist, author and longtime Truthdig contributor , died Sunday at age 76. In his memory, Truthdig will share one of Hayden’s pieces each day this week. This story was originally posted on April 9, 2006. *** 
Author and political activist Tom Hayden speaks at length about his politics, the war in Iraq, Cuba-U.S. relations and a range of other topics with Cuban journalists in an interview for Juventud Rebelde . The English translation of the interview is published here in full, courtesy of Hayden. 
During the past five years, the American people have seen vivid pictures of American soldiers torturing prisoners. We now have evidence that the Bush administration is engaged in a massive domestic surveillance program, without judicial or congressional approval, that targets American citizens. President Bush ordered American soldiers to war over nonexistent weapons of mass destruction. The Bush administration and FEMA failed the people of New Orleans during the Hurricane Katrina disaster. Can you explain why the Bush administration seems immune from the political fallout that ordinarily results from such scandals? Why is there is no serious move to impeach the president for any or all of these scandals? 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
I do not wish to sound like an apologist, but the Bush administration is not immune. Legally, the cases against Libby and Abramoff and DeLay are slow-moving bad news for Bush. Politically, the Bush poll ratings are below the 40% range. Republican candidates for Congress are in trouble even though their congressional districts are designed to protect their power. As to impeachment, something like half of Americans favor impeachment or censure. If the Democrats win back the House this November, Rep. John Conyers will chair the Judiciary Committee and introduce impeachment. In general, American politics is still suffering from the stolen election of 2000, the chilling effects of 9/11, and the fabricated and unjustified invasion of iraq. Can you explain why the level of protests in the U.S. against the war in Iraq is not as notable as during the war in Vietnam? 
The difference is that during Vietnam there was a military draft and the number of casualties was far, far higher. Relatively speaking, therefore, the level of protests today is greater—200,000 in October 2002 in D.C.; 1 million in February 2003; 500,000 in New York in 2004; 300,000 in D.C. in 2005. The reformist presidential campaign of Howard Dean was larger than the antiwar Eugene McCarthy campaign of 1968. A majority of Americans, including a majority of U.S. soldiers, want a troop withdrawal within this year. The “notable” difference, I believe, is that there was a broader radical movement around the world, certainly in 1968, than there is today. That makes the antiwar movement, here and globally, a surprising development, it seems to me. Do you envision an exit strategy for the U.S. in Iraq in the foreseeable future? 
There is an exit strategy available, with some support even within the Pentagon, but it is unlikely that Bush will adopt it. The strategy would consist of a U.S. announcement of withdrawal, a cease-fire by the Iraqi resistance during the withdrawal, an international peacekeeping force composed of countries not involved in the occupation, a transitional coalition in Baghdad, new elections under international auspices, a peacetime reconstruction, and reparations from the U.S. And UK. 
Bush may, and I emphasize may, begin withdrawing tens of thousands of U.S. troops this year in order to pacify antiwar sentiment, neutralize Democrats and keep control of the House of Representatives. One faction in the Pentagon calls this the “Philippines option”—have your client government invite you to withdraw, so that it is perceived as a “victory.” Recent trends in Latin America make it appear that it is no longer an American backyard. Venezuela, Bolivia, Argentina, Uruguay are some of the countries that are taking an independent path to political and economic development. It would appear that with the expected election of Lopez Obrador, Mexico may soon join that list. What can we expect from the Bush administration with respect to Latin America in the coming months? 
I have traveled extensively in Latin America since 2000, and it is a place of exciting and dramatic developments, as you know. I think progressives across our boundaries should propose a new U.S. Latin American policy “beyond the Monroe Doctrine.” We in the U.S. also must invigorate solidarity movements like those towards Central America and Cuba in past decades. It is a dangerous period because of the Bush administration. Towards Cuba, their malign intentions are well known. Towards Venezuela, they are defining a new security threat of “radical populism,” and seeking ways to destabilize the democratically elected government. Even assassination of Hugo Chavez is an option that some are considering. On the trade front, the Bush team will try to divide Latin American countries through bilateral trade agreements. In the Andes, they will continue to send U.S. troops under the cover of the war on drugs. We note that you have always been an enemy of the so-called Free Trade Agreement that was so soundly defeated at the presidential summit in Argentina. Is that agreement dead and buried? Can you comment on the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas, known as ALBA? 
Latin America, along with U.S. social movements, has defeated the so-called Free Trade Agreement of the Americas for the foreseeable future. The World Trade Organization [WTO] is far from defeated, partly because of internal differences among Latin American countries. I believe the Bolivarian Alternative is an extremely important counterforce against the U.S. imperial design. Mercosur also is a welcome development. A united front among the new nationalist governments of Latin America is to be hoped for. Venezuela has recently been supplying heating oil at low cost for lower-income people in certain U.S. cities, yet some Republican congressmen have been critical of this gesture. Please comment. 
In general, the response to the Venezuelan initiative has been positive or neutral. Objections by some members of Congress is to be expected, because they want to prevent any U.S. acceptance of the Chavez government. The man many call the Osama bin Laden of Latin America, Luis Posada Carriles, is in the United States. He is wanted in Venezuela for 73 counts of first-degree murder in the downing of a civilian passenger plane in 1976, yet the Bush administration refuses to send him to Venezuela. How does that square with President Bushs so-called war on terror? 
Of course it is a contradiction. Unfortunately, there is little media attention to the issue up here. But the issue is a definite complication for the Bush administration’s efforts to improve its status in Latin America. 
You were one of the Chicago 7 that Leonard Weinglass defended in 1968. Now Mr. Weinglass is one of the lead lawyers in the case of the Cuban Five. Do you think that anyone sympathetic to the Cuban revolution can get a fair trial in Miami? 
I have read the materials concerning the case, and believe it is a great untold story here. Of course, Leonard Weinglass is one of our greatest defense lawyers and is working constantly to generate political and media interest in the Cuban Five. No, a Cuban revolutionary cannot get a fair trial in Miami. But I believe the grip of the anti-Castro Cubans over Latin American policy has been weakened severely by events in Latin America and the recent growth of a vast Latino and immigrant movement in the United States. The Bush administration recently tightened travel restrictions for Americans wishing to travel to Cuba. Do Americans have a constitutional right to travel? 
They always have and always will. Bush is imposing a frustration on all of us, apparently to placate his Cuban allies in Miami. How will history judge the Bush administration? How does President Bush compare to other U.S. presidents in recent history? 
Who knows, but I think Bush will be marked with illegitimacy for the stolen election of 2000, fabrication and failure in Iraq, corruption and unconstitutional spying at home. Perhaps he will face impeachment, perhaps not. Certainly he is going through his Watergate moment today. It is important to speak of the system, however, not simply Bush. Since the disappearance of the Soviet Union, the U.S. has attempted to be the sole superpower in a so-called unipolar world. But its efforts towards military and economic empire have faltered and will be, in a sense, re-negotiated. As Hugo Chavez and others have argued, the reality is that we live in a multipolar world. The combination of massive social movements and the multipolarity of power will prevail over any forces seeking to dominate. As they say, another world is not only possible but is already being created. 
The United States cannot succeed with superpower tactics even on the baseball field. 
I know the horrors of U.S. imperialism in Latin America, but I hope that Latin American nationalists will welcome and reach out to the “American people,” especially those in social movements and independent media but also those in political and economic sectors who have no interest in blockades, subversion, assassination or economic dominance. We are here, and our numbers are growing, especially because of the immigrants who are the “harvest of empire” [in the words of Juan Gonzales]. Those who live in the imperial center cannot be expected to “come to power” any time soon, but can restrain and complicate aggression and forge new policies which have the support of a majority of the U.S. people—out of Iraq, support for energy alternatives, funding for Katrina victims instead of war, civil liberties instead of secret tribunals and policing, no intervention in Venezuela, lifting the blockade on Cuba, and so forth. Strong support for such measures not only makes imperialism more difficult to sustain, but lays the basis for a broad center-left alternative which actually can succeed in the U.S. in the years ahead. It has nearly happened here before, in the 1930s and ‘40s before the Cold War, and again in the 1960s. Such moments will come again. TAGS:",0
7490,The Perfect Weapon: How Russian Cyberpower Invaded the U.S. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When Special Agent Adrian Hawkins of the Federal Bureau of Investigation called the Democratic National Committee in September 2015 to pass along some troubling news about its computer network, he was transferred, naturally, to the help desk. His message was brief, if alarming. At least one computer system belonging to the D. N. C. had been compromised by hackers federal investigators had named “the Dukes,” a cyberespionage team linked to the Russian government. The F. B. I. knew it well: The bureau had spent the last few years trying to kick the Dukes out of the unclassified email systems of the White House, the State Department and even the Joint Chiefs of Staff, one of the government’s   networks. Yared Tamene, the   contractor at the D. N. C. who fielded the call, was no expert in cyberattacks. His first moves were to check Google for “the Dukes” and conduct a cursory search of the D. N. C. computer system logs to look for hints of such a cyberintrusion. By his own account, he did not look too hard even after Special Agent Hawkins called back repeatedly over the next several weeks  —   in part because he wasn’t certain the caller was a real F. B. I. agent and not an impostor. “I had no way of differentiating the call I just received from a prank call,” Mr. Tamene wrote in an internal memo, obtained by The New York Times, that detailed his contact with the F. B. I. It was the cryptic first sign of a cyberespionage and   campaign devised to disrupt the 2016 presidential election, the first such attempt by a foreign power in American history. What started as an   operation, intelligence officials believe, ultimately morphed into an effort to harm one candidate, Hillary Clinton, and tip the election to her opponent, Donald J. Trump. Like another famous American election scandal, it started with a   at the D. N. C. The first time, 44 years ago at the committee’s old offices in the Watergate complex, the burglars planted listening devices and jimmied a filing cabinet. This time, the burglary was conducted from afar, directed by the Kremlin, with   emails and zeros and ones. An examination by The Times of the Russian operation  —   based on interviews with dozens of players targeted in the attack, intelligence officials who investigated it and Obama administration officials who deliberated over the best response  —   reveals a series of missed signals, slow responses and a continuing underestimation of the seriousness of the cyberattack. The D. N. C. ’s fumbling encounter with the F. B. I. meant the best chance to halt the Russian intrusion was lost. The failure to grasp the scope of the attacks undercut efforts to minimize their impact. And the White House’s reluctance to respond forcefully meant the Russians have not paid a heavy price for their actions, a decision that could prove critical in deterring future cyberattacks. The   approach of the F. B. I. meant that Russian hackers could roam freely through the committee’s network for nearly seven months before top D. N. C. officials were alerted to the attack and hired cyberexperts to protect their systems. In the meantime, the hackers moved on to targets outside the D. N. C. including Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta, whose private email account was hacked months later. Even Mr. Podesta, a savvy Washington insider who had written a 2014 report on cyberprivacy for President Obama, did not truly understand the gravity of the hacking. By last summer, Democrats watched in helpless fury as their private emails and confidential documents appeared online day after day  —   procured by Russian intelligence agents, posted on WikiLeaks and other websites, then eagerly reported on by the American media, including The Times. Mr. Trump gleefully cited many of the purloined emails on the campaign trail. The fallout included the resignations of Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the D. N. C. and most of her top party aides. Leading Democrats were sidelined at the height of the campaign, silenced by revelations of embarrassing emails or consumed by the scramble to deal with the hacking. Though   by the public, confidential documents taken by the Russian hackers from the D. N. C. ’s sister organization, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, turned up in congressional races in a dozen states, tainting some of them with accusations of scandal. In recent days, a skeptical   the nation’s intelligence agencies and the two major parties have become embroiled in an extraordinary public dispute over what evidence exists that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia moved beyond mere espionage to deliberately try to subvert American democracy and pick the winner of the presidential election. Many of Mrs. Clinton’s closest aides believe that the Russian assault had a profound impact on the election, while conceding that other factors  —   Mrs. Clinton’s weaknesses as a candidate her private email server the public statements of the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, about her handling of classified information  —   were also important. While there’s no way to be certain of the ultimate impact of the hack, this much is clear: A     weapon that Russia had   in elections from Ukraine to Europe was trained on the United States, with devastating effectiveness. For Russia, with an enfeebled economy and a nuclear arsenal it cannot use short of   war, cyberpower proved the perfect weapon: cheap, hard to see coming, hard to trace. “There shouldn’t be any doubt in anybody’s mind,” Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency and commander of United States Cyber Command, said at a postelection conference. “This was not something that was done casually, this was not something that was done by chance, this was not a target that was selected purely arbitrarily,” he said. “This was a conscious effort by a   to attempt to achieve a specific effect. ” For the people whose emails were stolen, this new form of political sabotage has left a trail of shock and professional damage. Neera Tanden, president of the Center for American Progress and a key Clinton supporter, recalls walking into the busy Clinton transition offices, humiliated to see her face on television screens as pundits discussed a leaked email in which she had called Mrs. Clinton’s instincts “suboptimal. ” “It was just a sucker punch to the gut every day,” Ms. Tanden said. “It was the worst professional experience of my life. ” The United States, too, has carried out cyberattacks, and in decades past the C. I. A. tried to subvert foreign elections. But the Russian attack is increasingly understood across the political spectrum as an ominous historic landmark  —   with one notable exception: Mr. Trump has rejected the findings of the intelligence agencies he will soon oversee as “ridiculous,” insisting that the hacker may be American, or Chinese, but that “they have no idea. ” Mr. Trump cited the reported disagreements between the agencies about whether Mr. Putin intended to help elect him. On Tuesday, a Russian government spokesman echoed Mr. Trump’s scorn. “This tale of ‘hacks’ resembles a banal brawl between American security officials over spheres of influence,” Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry, wrote on Facebook. Over the weekend, four prominent senators  —   two Republicans and two Democrats  —   joined forces to pledge an investigation while pointedly ignoring Mr. Trump’s skeptical claims. “Democrats and Republicans must work together, and across the jurisdictional lines of the Congress, to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter and defend against further cyberattacks,” said Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Schumer and Jack Reed. “This cannot become a partisan issue,” they said. “The stakes are too high for our country. ” Sitting in the basement of the Democratic National Committee headquarters, below a   2012 portrait of a smiling Barack Obama, is a   filing cabinet missing the handle on the bottom drawer. Only a framed newspaper story hanging on the wall hints at the importance of this aged piece of office furniture. “GOP Security Aide Among 5 Arrested in Bugging Affair,” reads the headline from the front page of The Washington Post on June 19, 1972, with the bylines of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. Andrew Brown, 37, the technology director at the D. N. C. was born after that famous  . But as he began to plan for this year’s election cycle, he was well aware that the D. N. C. could become a   target again. There were aspirations to ensure that the D. N. C. was well protected against cyberintruders  —   and then there was the reality, Mr. Brown and his bosses at the organization acknowledged: The D. N. C. was a nonprofit group, dependent on donations, with a fraction of the security budget that a corporation its size would have. “There was never enough money to do everything we needed to do,” Mr. Brown said. The D. N. C. had a standard email   service, intended to block phishing attacks and malware created to resemble legitimate email. But when Russian hackers started in on the D. N. C. the committee did not have the most advanced systems in place to track suspicious traffic, internal D. N. C. memos show. Mr. Tamene, who reports to Mr. Brown and fielded the call from the F. B. I. agent, was not a   D. N. C. employee he works for a   contracting firm called The MIS Department. He was left to figure out, largely on his own, how to respond  —   and even whether the man who had called in to the D. N. C. switchboard was really an F. B. I. agent. “The F. B. I. thinks the D. N. C. has at least one compromised computer on its network and the F. B. I. wanted to know if the D. N. C. is aware, and if so, what the D. N. C. is doing about it,” Mr. Tamene wrote in an internal memo about his contacts with the F. B. I. He added that “the Special Agent told me to look for a specific type of malware dubbed ‘Dukes’ by the U. S. intelligence community and in cybersecurity circles. ” Part of the problem was that Special Agent Hawkins did not show up in person at the D. N. C. Nor could he email anyone there, as that risked alerting the hackers that the F. B. I. knew they were in the system. Mr. Tamene’s initial scan of the D. N. C. system  —   using his    tools and incomplete targeting information from the F. B. I.  —   found nothing. So when Special Agent Hawkins called repeatedly in October, leaving voice mail messages for Mr. Tamene, urging him to call back, “I did not return his calls, as I had nothing to report,” Mr. Tamene explained in his memo. In November, Special Agent Hawkins called with more ominous news. A D. N. C. computer was “calling home, where home meant Russia,” Mr. Tamene’s memo says, referring to software sending information to Moscow. “SA Hawkins added that the F. B. I. thinks that this calling home behavior could be the result of a   attack. ” Mr. Brown knew that Mr. Tamene, who declined to comment, was fielding calls from the F. B. I. But he was tied up on a different problem: evidence suggesting that the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s main Democratic opponent, had improperly gained access to her campaign data. Ms. Wasserman Schultz, then the D. N. C. ’s chairwoman, and Amy Dacey, then its chief executive, said in interviews that neither of them was notified about the early reports that the committee’s system had likely been compromised. Shawn Henry, who once led the F. B. I. ’s cyber division and is now president of CrowdStrike Services, the cybersecurity firm retained by the D. N. C. in April, said he was baffled that the F. B. I. did not call a more senior official at the D. N. C. or send an agent in person to the party headquarters to try to force a more vigorous response. “We are not talking about an office that is in the middle of the woods of Montana,” Mr. Henry said. “We are talking about an office that is half a mile from the F. B. I. office that is getting the notification. ” “This is not a    delicatessen or a local library. This is a critical piece of the U. S. infrastructure because it relates to our electoral process, our elected officials, our legislative process, our executive process,” he added. “To me it is a   serious issue, and if after a couple of months you don’t see any results, somebody ought to raise that to a higher level. ” The F. B. I. declined to comment on the agency’s handling of the hack. “The F. B. I. takes very seriously any compromise of public and private sector systems,” it said in a statement, adding that agents “will continue to share information” to help targets “safeguard their systems against the actions of persistent cybercriminals. ” By March, Mr. Tamene and his team had met at least twice in person with the F. B. I. and concluded that Agent Hawkins was really a federal employee. But then the situation took a dire turn. A second team of   hackers began to target the D. N. C. and other players in the political world, particularly Democrats. Billy Rinehart, a former D. N. C. regional field director who was then working for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, got an odd email warning from Google. “Someone just used your password to try to sign into your Google account,” the March 22 email said, adding that the   attempt had occurred in Ukraine. “Google stopped this   attempt. You should change your password immediately. ” Mr. Rinehart was in Hawaii at the time. He remembers checking his email at 4 a. m. for messages from East Coast associates. Without thinking much about the notification, he clicked on the “change password” button and half asleep, as best he can remember, he typed in a new password. What he did not know until months later is that he had just given the Russian hackers access to his email account. Hundreds of similar phishing emails were being sent to American political targets, including an identical email sent on March 19 to Mr. Podesta, chairman of the Clinton campaign. Given how many emails Mr. Podesta received through this personal email account, several aides also had access to it, and one of them noticed the warning email, sending it to a computer technician to make sure it was legitimate before anyone clicked on the “change password” button. “This is a legitimate email,” Charles Delavan, a Clinton campaign aide, replied to another of Mr. Podesta’s aides, who had noticed the alert. “John needs to change his password immediately. ” With another click, a decade of emails that Mr. Podesta maintained in his Gmail account  —   a total of about 60, 000  —   were unlocked for the Russian hackers. Mr. Delavan, in an interview, said that his bad advice was a result of a typo: He knew this was a phishing attack, as the campaign was getting dozens of them. He said he had meant to type that it was an “illegitimate” email, an error that he said has plagued him ever since. During this second wave, the hackers also gained access to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and then, through a virtual private network connection, to the main computer network of the D. N. C. The F. B. I. observed this surge of activity as well, again reaching out to Mr. Tamene to warn him. Yet Mr. Tamene still saw no reason to be alarmed: He found copies of the phishing emails in the D. N. C. ’s spam filter. But he had no reason, he said, to believe that the computer systems had been infiltrated. One bit of progress had finally been made by the middle of April: The D. N. C. seven months after it had first been warned, finally installed a “robust set of monitoring tools,” Mr. Tamene’s internal memo says. The United States had two decades of warning that Russia’s intelligence agencies were trying to break into America’s most sensitive computer networks. But the Russians have always managed to stay a step ahead. Their first major attack was detected on Oct. 7, 1996, when a computer operator at the Colorado School of Mines discovered some nighttime computer activity he could not explain. The school had a major contract with the Navy, and the operator warned his contacts there. But as happened two decades later at the D. N. C. at first “everyone was unable to connect the dots,” said Thomas Rid, a scholar at King’s College in London who has studied the attack. Investigators gave it a name  —   Moonlight Maze  —   and spent two years, often working day and night, tracing how it hopped from the Navy to the Department of Energy to the Air Force and NASA. In the end, they concluded that the total number of files stolen, if printed and stacked, would be taller than the Washington Monument. Whole weapons designs were flowing out the door, and it was a first taste of what was to come: an escalating campaign of cyberattacks around the world. But for years, the Russians stayed largely out of the headlines, thanks to the Chinese  —   who took bigger risks, and often got caught. They stole the designs for the   fighter jet, corporate secrets for rolling steel, even the blueprints for gas pipelines that supply much of the United States. And during the 2008 presidential election cycle, Chinese intelligence hacked into the campaigns of Mr. Obama and Mr. McCain, making off with internal position papers and communications. But they didn’t publish any of it. The Russians had not gone away, of course. “They were just a lot more stealthy,” said Kevin Mandia, a former Air Force intelligence officer who spent most of his days fighting off Russian cyberattacks before founding Mandiant, a cybersecurity firm that is now a division of FireEye  —   and the company the Clinton campaign brought in to secure its own systems. The Russians were also quicker to turn their attacks to political purposes. A 2007 cyberattack on Estonia, a former Soviet republic that had joined NATO, sent a message that Russia could paralyze the country without invading it. The next year cyberattacks were used during Russia’s war with Georgia. But American officials did not imagine that the Russians would dare try those techniques inside the United States. They were largely focused on preventing what former Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta warned was an approaching “cyber Pearl Harbor”  —   a shutdown of the power grid or cellphone networks. But in 2014 and 2015, a Russian hacking group began systematically targeting the State Department, the White House and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “Each time, they eventually met with some form of success,” Michael Sulmeyer, a former cyberexpert for the secretary of defense, and Ben Buchanan, now both of the Harvard Cyber Security Project, wrote recently in a    published paper for the Carnegie Endowment. The Russians grew stealthier and stealthier, tricking government computers into sending out data while disguising the electronic “command and control” messages that set off alarms for anyone looking for malicious actions. The State Department was so crippled that it repeatedly closed its systems to throw out the intruders. At one point, officials traveling to Vienna with Secretary of State John Kerry for the Iran nuclear negotiations had to set up commercial Gmail accounts just to communicate with one another and with reporters traveling with them. Mr. Obama was briefed regularly on all this, but he made a decision that many in the White House now regret: He did not name Russians publicly, or issue sanctions. There was always a reason: fear of escalating a cyberwar, and concern that the United States needed Russia’s cooperation in negotiations over Syria. “We’d have all these circular meetings,” one senior State Department official said, “in which everyone agreed you had to push back at the Russians and push back hard. But it didn’t happen. ” So the Russians escalated again  —   breaking into systems not just for espionage, but to publish or broadcast what they found, known as “doxing” in the cyberworld. It was a brazen change in tactics, moving the Russians from espionage to influence operations. In February 2014, they broadcast an intercepted phone call between Victoria Nuland, the assistant secretary of state who handles Russian affairs and has a contentious relationship with Mr. Putin, and Geoffrey Pyatt, the United States ambassador to Ukraine. Ms. Nuland was heard describing a   American effort to broker a deal in Ukraine, then in political turmoil. They were not the only ones on whom the Russians used the    strategy. The Open Society Foundation, run by George Soros, was a major target, and when its documents were released, some turned out to have been altered to make it appear as if the foundation was financing Russian opposition members. Last year, the attacks became more aggressive. Russia hacked a major French television station, frying critical hardware. Around Christmas, it attacked part of the power grid in Ukraine, dropping a portion of the country into darkness, killing backup generators and taking control of generators. In retrospect, it was a warning shot. The attacks “were not fully integrated military operations,” Mr. Sulmeyer said. But they showed an increasing boldness. The day before the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner in April, Ms. Dacey, the D. N. C. ’s chief executive, was preparing for a night of parties when she got an urgent phone call. With the new monitoring system in place, Mr. Tamene had examined administrative logs of the D. N. C. ’s computer system and found something very suspicious: An unauthorized person, with   security status, had gained access to the D. N. C. ’s computers. “Not sure it is related to what the F. B. I. has been noticing,” said one internal D. N. C. email sent on April 29. “The D. N. C. may have been hacked in a serious way this week, with password theft, etc. ” No one knew just how bad the breach was  —   but it was clear that a lot more than a single filing cabinet worth of materials might have been taken. A secret committee was immediately created, including Ms. Dacey, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Brown and Michael Sussmann, a former cybercrimes prosecutor at the Department of Justice who now works at Perkins Coie, the Washington law firm that handles D. N. C. political matters. “Three most important questions,” Mr. Sussmann wrote to his clients the night the   was confirmed. “1) What data was accessed? 2) How was it done? 3) How do we stop it?” Mr. Sussmann instructed his clients not to use D. N. C. email because they had just one opportunity to lock the hackers out  —   an effort that could be foiled if the hackers knew that the D. N. C. was on to them. “You only get one chance to raise the drawbridge,” Mr. Sussmann said. “If the adversaries know you are aware of their presence, they will take steps to burrow in, or erase the logs that show they were present. ” The D. N. C. immediately hired CrowdStrike, a cybersecurity firm, to scan its computers, identify the intruders and build a new computer and telephone system from scratch. Within a day, CrowdStrike confirmed that the intrusion had originated in Russia, Mr. Sussmann said. The work that such companies do is a computer version of   crime scene investigation, with fingerprints, bullet casings and DNA swabs replaced by an electronic trail that can be just as incriminating. And just as police detectives learn to identify the telltale methods of a veteran burglar, so CrowdStrike investigators recognized the distinctive handiwork of Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear. Those are CrowdStrike’s nicknames for the two Russian hacking groups that the firm found at work inside the D. N. C. network. Cozy Bear  —   the group also known as the Dukes or A. P. T. 29, for “advanced persistent threat”  —   may or may not be associated with the F. S. B. the main successor to the   K. G. B. but it is widely believed to be a Russian government operation. It made its first appearance in 2014, said Dmitri Alperovitch, CrowdStrike’s   and chief technology officer. It was Cozy Bear, CrowdStrike concluded, that first penetrated the D. N. C. in the summer of 2015, by sending   emails to a long list of American government agencies, Washington nonprofits and government contractors. Whenever someone clicked on a phishing message, the Russians would enter the network, “exfiltrate” documents of interest and stockpile them for intelligence purposes. “Once they got into the D. N. C. they found the data valuable and decided to continue the operation,” said Mr. Alperovitch, who was born in Russia and moved to the United States as a teenager. Only in March 2016 did Fancy Bear show up  —   first penetrating the computers of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and then jumping to the D. N. C. investigators believe. Fancy Bear, sometimes called A. P. T. 28 and believed to be directed by the G. R. U. Russia’s military intelligence agency, is an older outfit, tracked by Western investigators for nearly a decade. It was Fancy Bear that got hold of Mr. Podesta’s email. Attribution, as the skill of identifying a cyberattacker is known, is more art than science. It is often impossible to name an attacker with absolute certainty. But over time, by accumulating a reference library of hacking techniques and targets, it is possible to spot repeat offenders. Fancy Bear, for instance, has gone after military and political targets in Ukraine and Georgia, and at NATO installations. That largely rules out cybercriminals and most countries, Mr. Alperovitch said. “There’s no plausible actor that has an interest in all those victims other than Russia,” he said. Another clue: The Russian hacking groups tended to be active during working hours in the Moscow time zone. To their astonishment, Mr. Alperovitch said, CrowdStrike experts found signs that the two Russian hacking groups had not coordinated their attacks. Fancy Bear, apparently not knowing that Cozy Bear had been rummaging in D. N. C. files for months, took many of the same documents. In the six weeks after CrowdStrike’s arrival, in total secrecy, the computer system at the D. N. C. was replaced. For a weekend, email and phones were shut off employees were told it was a system upgrade. All laptops were turned in and the hard drives wiped clean, with the uninfected information on them imaged to new drives. Though D. N. C. officials had learned that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had been infected, too, they did not notify their sister organization, which was in the same building, because they were afraid that it would leak. All of this work took place as the bitter contest for the Democratic nomination continued to play out between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders, and it was already causing a major distraction for Ms. Wasserman Schultz and the D. N. C. ’s chief executive. “This was not a bump in the road  —   bumps in the road happen all the time,” she said in an interview. “Two different Russian spy agencies had hacked into our network and stolen our property. And we did not yet know what they had taken. But we knew they had very broad access to our network. There was a tremendous amount of uncertainty. And it was chilling. ” The D. N. C. executives and their lawyer had their first formal meeting with senior F. B. I. officials in   nine months after the bureau’s first call to the   contractor. Among the early requests at that meeting, according to participants: that the federal government make a quick “attribution” formally blaming actors with ties to Russian government for the attack to make clear that it was not routine hacking but foreign espionage. “You have a presidential election underway here and you know that the Russians have hacked into the D. N. C. ,” Mr. Sussmann said, recalling the message to the F. B. I. “We need to tell the American public that. And soon. ” In   on Mr. Sussmann’s advice, D. N. C. leaders decided to take a bold step. Concerned that word of the hacking might leak, they decided to go public in The Washington Post with the news that the committee had been attacked. That way, they figured, they could get ahead of the story, win a little sympathy from voters for being victimized by Russian hackers and refocus on the campaign. But the very next day, a new, deeply unsettling shock awaited them. Someone calling himself Guccifer 2. 0 appeared on the web, claiming to be the D. N. C. hacker  —   and he posted a confidential committee document detailing Mr. Trump’s record and half a dozen other documents to prove his bona fides. “And it’s just a tiny part of all docs I downloaded from the Democrats networks,” he wrote. Then something more ominous: “The main part of the papers, thousands of files and mails, I gave to WikiLeaks. They will publish them soon. ” It was bad enough that Russian hackers had been spying inside the committee’s network for months. Now the public release of documents had turned a conventional espionage operation into something far more menacing: political sabotage, an unpredictable, uncontrollable menace for Democratic campaigns. Guccifer 2. 0 borrowed the moniker of an earlier hacker, a Romanian who called himself Guccifer and was jailed for breaking into the personal computers of former President George W. Bush, former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and other notables. This new attacker seemed intent on showing that the D. N. C. ’s cyberexperts at CrowdStrike were wrong to blame Russia. Guccifer 2. 0 called himself a “lone hacker” and mocked CrowdStrike for calling the attackers “sophisticated. ” But online investigators quickly undercut his story. On a whim, Lorenzo   a writer for Motherboard, the tech and culture site of Vice, tried to contact Guccifer 2. 0 by direct message on Twitter. “Surprisingly, he answered right away,” Mr.   said. But whoever was on the other end seemed to be mocking him. “I asked him why he did it, and he said he wanted to expose the Illuminati. He called himself a Gucci lover. And he said he was Romanian. ” That gave Mr.   an idea. Using Google Translate, he sent the purported hacker some questions in Romanian. The answers came back in Romanian. But when he was offline, Mr.   checked with a couple of native speakers, who told him Guccifer 2. 0 had apparently been using Google Translate as well  —   and was clearly not the Romanian he claimed to be. Cyberresearchers found other clues pointing to Russia. Microsoft Word documents posted by Guccifer 2. 0 had been edited by someone calling himself, in Russian, Felix Edmundovich  —   an obvious nom de guerre honoring the founder of the Soviet secret police, Felix Edmundovich Dzerzhinsky. Bad links in the texts were marked by warnings in Russian, generated by what was clearly a   version of Word. When Mr.   managed to engage Guccifer 2. 0 over a period of weeks, he found that his interlocutor’s tone and manner changed. “At first he was careless and colloquial. Weeks later, he was curt and more calculating,” he said. “It seemed like a group of people, and a very sloppy attempt to cover up. ” Computer experts drew the same conclusion about DCLeaks. com, a site that sprang up in June, claiming to be the work of “hacktivists” but posting more stolen documents. It, too, seemed to be a clumsy front for the same Russians who had stolen the documents. Notably, the website was registered in April, suggesting that the Russian hacking team planned well in advance to make public what it stole. In addition to what Guccifer 2. 0 published on his site, he provided material directly on request to some bloggers and publications. The steady flow of Guccifer 2. 0 documents constantly undercut Democratic messaging efforts. On July 6, 12 days before the Republican National Convention began in Cleveland, Guccifer released the D. N. C. ’s battle plan and budget for countering it. For Republican operatives, it was insider gold. Then WikiLeaks, a far more established outlet, began to publish the hacked material  —   just as Guccifer 2. 0 had promised. On July 22, three days before the start of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks dumped out 44, 053 D. N. C. emails with 17, 761 attachments. Some of the messages made clear that some D. N. C. officials favored Mrs. Clinton over her progressive challenger, Mr. Sanders. That was no shock Mr. Sanders, after all, had been an independent socialist, not a Democrat, during his long career in Congress, while Mrs. Clinton had been one of the party’s stars for decades. But the emails, some of them crude or insulting, infuriated Sanders delegates as they arrived in Philadelphia. Ms. Wasserman Schultz resigned under pressure on the eve of the convention where she had planned to preside. Mr. Trump, by now the Republican nominee, expressed delight at the continuing jolts to his opponent, and he began to use Twitter and his stump speeches to highlight the WikiLeaks releases. On July 25, he sent out a lighthearted tweet: “The new joke in town,” he wrote, “is that Russia leaked the disastrous D. N. C.   which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me. ” But WikiLeaks was far from finished. On Oct. 7, a month before the election, the site began the serial publication of thousands of private emails to and from Mr. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager. The same day, the United States formally accused the Russian government of being behind the hackings, in a joint statement by the director of national intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security, and Mr. Trump suffered his worst blow to date, with the release of a recording in which he bragged about sexually assaulting women. The Podesta emails were nowhere near as sensational as the Trump video. But, released by WikiLeaks day after day over the last month of the campaign, they provided material for countless news reports. They disclosed the contents of Mrs. Clinton’s speeches to large banks, which she had refused to release. They exposed tensions inside the campaign, including disagreements over donations to the Clinton Foundation that staff members thought might look bad for the candidate and Ms. Tanden’s complaint that Mrs. Clinton’s instincts were “suboptimal. ” “I was just mortified,” Ms. Tanden said in an interview. Her emails were released on the eve of one of the presidential debates, she recalled. “I put my hands over my head and said, ‘I can’t believe this is happening to me. ’” Though she had regularly appeared on television to support Mrs. Clinton, she canceled her appearances because all the questions were about what she had said in the emails. Ms. Tanden, like other Democrats whose messages became public, said it was obvious to her that WikiLeaks was trying its best to damage the Clinton campaign. “If you care about transparency, you put all the emails out at once,” she said. “But they wanted to hurt her. So they put them out 1, 800 to 3, 000 a day. ” The Trump campaign knew in advance about WikiLeaks’ plans. Days before the Podesta email release began, Roger Stone, a Republican operative working with the Trump campaign, sent out an excited tweet about what was coming. But in an interview, Mr. Stone said he had no role in the leaks he had just heard from an American with ties to WikiLeaks that damning emails were coming. Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder and editor, has resisted the conclusion that his site became a   for Russian hackers working for Mr. Putin’s government or that he was deliberately trying to undermine Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy. But the evidence on both counts appears compelling. In a series of email exchanges, Mr. Assange refused to say anything about WikiLeaks’ source for the hacked material. He denied that he had made his animus toward Mrs. Clinton clear in public statements (“False. But what is this? Junior high? ”) or that the site had timed the releases for maximum negative effect on her campaign. “WikiLeaks makes its decisions based on newsworthiness, including for its recent epic scoops,” he wrote. Mr. Assange disputed the conclusion of the Oct. 7 statement from the intelligence agencies that the leaks were “intended to interfere with the U. S. election process. ” “This is false,” he wrote. “As the disclosing party we know that this was not the intent. Publishers publishing newsworthy information during an election is part of a free election. ” But asked whether he believed the leaks were one reason for Mr. Trump’s election, Mr. Assange seemed happy to take credit. “Americans extensively engaged with our publications,” he wrote. “According to Facebook statistics WikiLeaks was the most referenced political topic during October. ” Though Mr. Assange did not say so, WikiLeaks’ best defense may be the conduct of the mainstream American media. Every major publication, including The Times, published multiple stories citing the D. N. C. and Podesta emails posted by WikiLeaks, becoming a de facto instrument of Russian intelligence. Mr. Putin, a student of martial arts, had turned two institutions at the core of American democracy  —   political campaigns and independent media  —   to his own ends. The media’s appetite for the hacked material, and its focus on the gossipy content instead of the Russian source, disturbed some of those whose personal emails were being reposted across the web. “What was really surprising to me?” Ms. Tanden said. “I could not believe that reporters were covering it. ” Inside the White House, as Mr. Obama’s advisers debated their response, their conversation turned to North Korea. In late 2014, hackers working for Kim   the North’s young and unpredictable leader, had carried out a   attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment intended to stop the Christmastime release of a comedy about a C. I. A. plot to kill Mr. Kim. In that case, embarrassing emails had also been released. But the real damage was done to Sony’s own systems: More than 70 percent of its computers melted down when a particularly virulent form of malware was released. Within weeks, intelligence agencies traced the attack back to the North and its leadership. Mr. Obama called North Korea out in public, and issued some    sanctions. The Chinese even cooperated, briefly cutting off the North’s internet connections. As the first Situation Room meetings on the Russian hacking began in July, “it was clear that Russia was going to be a much more complicated case,” said one participant. The Russians clearly had a more sophisticated understanding of American politics, and they were masters of “kompromat,” their term for compromising information. But a formal “attribution report” still had not been forwarded to the president. “It took forever,” one senior administration official said, complaining about the pace at which the intelligence assessments moved through the system. In August a group that called itself the “Shadow Brokers” published a set of software tools that looked like what the N. S. A. uses to break into foreign computer networks and install “implants,” malware that can be used for surveillance or attack. The code came from the Tailored Access Operations unit of the N. S. A. a secretive group that mastered the arts of surveillance and cyberwar. The assumption  —   still unproved  —   was that the code was put out in the open by the Russians as a warning: Retaliate for the D. N. C. and there are a lot more secrets, from the hackings of the State Department, the White House and the Pentagon, that might be spilled as well. One senior official compared it to the scene in “The Godfather” where the head of a favorite horse is left in a bed, as a warning. The N. S. A. said nothing. But by late August, Admiral Rogers, its director, was pressing for a more muscular response to the Russians. In his role as director of the Pentagon’s Cyber Command, he proposed a series of potential  . While officials will not discuss them in detail, the possible counterstrikes reportedly included operations that would turn the tables on Mr. Putin, exposing his financial links to Russia’s oligarchs, and punching holes in the Russian internet to allow dissidents to get their message out. Pentagon officials judged the measures too unsubtle and ordered up their own set of options. But in the end, none of those were formally presented to the president. In a series of “deputies meetings” run by Avril Haines, the deputy national security adviser and a former deputy director of the C. I. A. several officials warned that an overreaction by the administration would play into Mr. Putin’s hands. “If we went to Defcon 4,” one frequent participant in Ms. Haines’s meetings said, using a phrase from the Cold War days of warnings of war, “we would be saying to the public that we didn’t have confidence in the integrity of our voting system. ” Even something seemingly straightforward  —   using the president’s executive powers, bolstered after the Sony incident, to place economic and travel sanctions on cyberattackers  —   seemed too risky. “No one was all that eager to impose costs before Election Day,” said another participant in the classified meeting. “Any retaliatory measures were seen through the prism of what would happen on Election Day. ” Instead, when Mr. Obama’s national security team reconvened after summer vacation, the focus turned to a crash effort to secure the nation’s voting machines and   rolls from hacking. The scenario they discussed most frequently  —   one that turned out not to be an issue  —   was a narrow vote in favor of Mrs. Clinton, followed by a declaration by Mr. Trump that the vote was “rigged” and more leaks intended to undercut her legitimacy. Donna Brazile, the interim chairwoman of the D. N. C. became increasingly frustrated as the clock continued to run down on the presidential election  —   and still there was no broad public condemnation by the White House, or Republican Party leaders, of the attack as an act of foreign espionage. Ms. Brazile even reached out to Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, urging him twice in private conversations and in a letter to join her in condemning the attacks  —   an offer he declined to take up. “We just kept hearing the government would respond, the government would respond,” she said. “Once upon a time, if a foreign government interfered with our election we would respond as a nation, not as a political party. ” But Mr. Obama did decide that he would deliver a warning to Mr. Putin in person at a Group of 20 summit meeting in Hangzhou, China, the last time they would be in the same place while Mr. Obama was still in office. When the two men met for a tense   Mr. Obama explicitly warned Mr. Putin of a strong American response if there was continued effort to influence the election or manipulate the vote, according to White House officials who were not present for the    meeting. Later that day, Mr. Obama made a rare reference to America’s own offensive cybercapacity, which he has almost never talked about. “Frankly, both offensively and defensively, we have more capacity,” he told reporters. But when it came time to make a public assertion of Russia’s role in early October, it was made in a written statement from the director of national intelligence and the secretary of homeland security. It was far less dramatic than the president’s appearance in the press room two years before to directly accuse the North Koreans of attacking Sony. The reference in the statement to hackings on “political organizations,” officials now say, encompassed a hacking on data stored by the Republicans as well. Two senior officials say the forensic evidence was accompanied by “human and technical” sources in Russia, which appears to mean that the United States’ implants or taps in Russian computer and phone networks helped confirm the country’s role. But that may not be known for decades, until the secrets are declassified. A week later Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. was sent out to transmit a public warning to Mr. Putin: The United States will retaliate “at the time of our choosing. And under the circumstances that have the greatest impact. ” Later, after Mr. Biden said he was not concerned that Russia could “fundamentally alter the election,” he was asked whether the American public would know if the message to Mr. Putin had been sent. “Hope not,” Mr. Biden responded. Some of his former colleagues think that was the wrong answer. An American counterstrike, said Michael Morell, the former deputy director of the C. I. A. under Mr. Obama, has “got to be overt. It needs to be seen. ” A covert response would significantly limit the deterrence effect, he added. “If you can’t see it, it’s not going to deter the Chinese and North Koreans and Iranians and others. ” The Obama administration says it still has more than 30 days to do exactly that. As the year draws to a close, it now seems possible that there will be multiple investigations of the Russian hacking  —   the intelligence review Mr. Obama has ordered completed by Jan. 20, the day he leaves office, and one or more congressional inquiries. They will wrestle with, among other things, Mr. Putin’s motive. Did he seek to mar the brand of American democracy, to forestall   activism for both Russians and their neighbors? Or to weaken the next American president, since presumably Mr. Putin had no reason to doubt American forecasts that Mrs. Clinton would win easily? Or was it, as the C. I. A. concluded last month, a deliberate attempt to elect Mr. Trump? In fact, the Russian    scheme accomplished all three goals. What seems clear is that Russian hacking, given its success, is not going to stop. Two weeks ago, the German intelligence chief, Bruno Kahl, warned that Russia might target elections in Germany next year. “The perpetrators have an interest to delegitimize the democratic process as such,” Mr. Kahl said. Now, he added, “Europe is in the focus of these attempts of disturbance, and Germany to a particularly great extent. ” But Russia has by no means forgotten its American target. On the day after the presidential election, the cybersecurity company Volexity reported five new waves of phishing emails, evidently from Cozy Bear, aimed at think tanks and nonprofits in the United States. One of them purported to be from Harvard University, attaching a fake paper. Its title: “Why American Elections Are Flawed. ”",0
7491,Can Trump Get to 3 Percent Growth Despite Predictions from the Congressional Budget Office?,"President Trump’s economic team paints a rosier picture about what his policies could accomplish than the economics profession is willing to endorse. [His team is formulating budget and tax proposals that project 3 percent annual growth, while the number crunchers at the Congressional Budget Office estimate only 1. 9 percent.  How fast the economy can grow comes down to the simple sum of likely worker productivity and labor force growth. Since the financial crisis, productivity has advanced about 1 percent a year, as compared to the 2 percent in prior decades. Thanks to baby boomer retirements and a declining birth rate, the prime working age population —  those aged 25 to 65 —  is not likely to grow even 1 percent annually, even with     immigration reforms and changes in entitlements programs that encourage more adults to work. The premise underneath Mr. Trump’s program —  lower taxes, health care reform, deregulation, infrastructure spending and tougher trade policies to lower the import deficit —  is to make the United States a more attractive location to invest and innovate than, for example, China or Mexico. No doubt, cutting corporate and personal income taxes and spending more on roads and highways could give the economy a Keynesian jolt and raise growth above 3 percent for a few quarters, but his policy reforms are likely to be watered down by political infighting. Those prospects that will carry   punch for productivity and growth are limited by Congressional politics and perhaps, more fundamentally, conditions limiting the efficacy of pushing up investment through tax cuts. As with health care, the GOP in Congress is sharply divided on tax reform. For example, should corporate reform tax imports to make the package revenue neutral or accept a somewhat bigger federal deficit? And, President Trump and Speaker Ryan are unlikely to get much help from Democrats to forge a bipartisan majority. Similarly, paying to improve roads and bridges with private money has some potential but many improvements will likely require unpopular new taxes and user fees. Mr. Trump’s promise to get tough on trade faces strong opposition among skeptics inside his own White House. More importantly, though, many economists believe low labor productivity growth is baked into the cake.  Led by Northwestern University Professor Robert Gordon, most hew to the notion that the faster pace of productivity growth accomplished during the American industrial era —  roughly 1870 to 1970 —  resulted from ground breaking innovations like electricity, the interstate highway system and antibiotics whose effects are not likely to be repeated. They argue that these days important new technologies do more to entertain and enhance our leisure time —  game machines and hand held devices that permit comparison shopping while roaming the aisles at Target —  than boost productivity. The problem is that economists are really good at explaining what just happened —  in this case the productivity slowdown of the last few decades —  but are lousy at telling us much about the future. Our models look at recent trends, cast those in the concrete, and then extrapolate into the future. Those can’t accurately predict GDP growth two or three quarters from now, never mind tell us much about how emerging innovations will change work and the broader contours of the economy one or several decades into the future. Breakthroughs in artificial intelligence and robotics have the potential to replace up to 90 percent of job categories as we currently know them. Or, those technologies will at least be able to make the workers occupying most positions profoundly more efficient, from robots that perform routine tooth repairs for dentists to artificial intelligence programs that accelerate the work of designers for the automobile and fashion industries. In the decades ahead, machines that can feel and think —  replace the tactile advantages of the human hand and genuinely solve tough problems as opposed to merely accelerating the searching and processing of information —  will boost productivity in ways we can hardly fathom. Vision and imagination have a way of winning out over pessimism and ossified thinking, and perhaps it’s a good thing that the White House has only a thin representation of economists and other experts telling President Trump what can’t be achieved. His supporters keep talking about rekindling animal spirits, but perhaps they will fill America’s biggest deficit —  the shortage of confidence that vexing challenges can be turned to our advantage. Peter Morici is an economist and business professor at the University of Maryland, and a national columnist.",0
7492,"The So-Called OPEC Cartel Whiffs Again——Marathon Talks, No Deal","The So-Called OPEC Cartel Whiffs Again Marathon Talks, No Deal By Wall Street Journal. Posted On Monday, October 31st, 2016 A weekend marathon of talks between major oil producers failed to finalize plans to implement an output cut, threatening the viability of an agreement reached last month to reduce production by as much as 2%. The talks were also aimed at securing coordinated cuts with producers outside OPEC, such as Russia, the world’s largest oil producer. Instead, Iraq and Iran’s insistence on exemptions emerged as a big sticking point Friday as those members refused to agree to cut their burgeoning output. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
7493,"As Taliban Depends More on Heroin, Anti-Cultivation Efforts Plummet","Efforts to eradicate opium in Afghanistan dropped by nearly 90 percent last year as the cultivation of the illicit drug, which as heroin provides an estimated 60 percent of Taliban funding, reached unprecedented levels. [The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) a U. S. watchdog agency, published a report revealing the alarming trend this week. Meanwhile, a heroin crisis deemed the worst drug addiction epidemic in U. S. history has gripped the United States.  Although the DEA estimates that only about one percent of the heroin in the United States originates from Afghanistan, the world’s top producer of opium, some analysts believe it is impossible that only such small amount reaches American soil. The DEA has acknowledged that the majority of heroin in neighboring Canada is produced in Afghanistan. As heroin overdose deaths in the United States have reached historic levels, surpassing gun homicides, the U. S. is spending millions to treat   addiction in Afghanistan. “The United States has committed more than $8. 5 billion to counternarcotics efforts in Afghanistan, the country still leads the world in opium production, and Afghan farmers are growing more opium than ever,” notes SIGAR in its latest quarterly report to Congress, the last to cover the Barack Obama administration. Citing the United Nations, SIGAR points out that eradication efforts in 2016 “were the lowest this decade at 355 hectares —  a 91% decrease from 2015,” while opium production skyrocketed 43 percent over 2015’s levels, to an estimated 4, 800 tons. Afghan territory under opium cultivation also increased this year by 10 percent, to 201, 000 hectares (about 776 square miles) compared to last year’s total. The area under opium cultivation is equivalent to more than 11 times the size of Washington, D. C. SIGAR notes, “The opium produced is exported as either raw opium or   consumed domestically in different forms, seized, stored, or lost. ” American Gen. John Nicholson, the top commander of U. S. and NATO forces, estimated at the end of last year that the Taliban generates more than half of its funding from the lucrative opium business. “They [the Taliban] receive much of their funding from the narcotics trafficking that occurs out of Helmand,” the commander told reporters in December. “As you know, Helmand produces a significant amount of the opium globally that turns into heroin and this provides about 60 percent of the Taliban funding, we believe. ” For years, the Pentagon has reported that revenue from opium trafficking is sustaining the insurgency in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, the Taliban has grown stronger and is believed to have captured more territory under former President Barack Obama than at any time since it was removed from power by the U. S. military in 2001. “While opium is not counted in official GDP [Gross Domestic Product] estimates, its earnings boost domestic demand and are a significant source of foreign exchange,” reveals SIGAR. “The 2016   value of opium production was almost $900 million, roughly 5% of GDP, and a 57% increase over 2015. ” John Sopko, chief of SIGAR, has acknowledged that the cultivation and trafficking of opium in Afghanistan puts the entire estimated $117 billion U. S. taxpayer investment in the reconstruction of Afghanistan at risk. In February 2015, Sopko told lawmakers: The narcotics trade, which not only supports the insurgency but also feeds organized crime and corruption, puts the gains the U. S. agencies and their international partners have achieved over the past 13 years in women’s issues, health, education, rule of law, and governance in jeopardy. Helmand, a Taliban stronghold in southern Afghanistan that borders Pakistan, remains the country’s main opium   province. More than half of the province is currently under the control or influence of terrorists. The DEA claims most of the heroin in the United States is produced in Mexico. However, an article published by the Alliance for Human Research Protection (AHRP) a patient advocacy group, criticizes the Obama administration and the mainstream media for misleading the American public about the influx of heroin from Afghanistan. The article cites William Edstrom, identified as a scientist and author of articles in scientific journals, including the Journal of Biological Chemistry, as writing: Heroin from Mexico cannot supply even 10% of US heroin demand. Yet the DEA claims most heroin in the US is from Mexico. Most heroin in the US is coming from   Afghanistan. We’re getting hit with the largest ever illicit drug epidemic in American history and the DEA is asleep at the wheel. Using U. N. data, Breitbart News has determined that opium production has dramatically increased since the U. S.  invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. SIGAR notes that the U. N. may have underestimated its most recent estimate for historic opium production in 2016 given the international body’s inability to reach various   regions for security reasons. The U. N. “delivers estimates for only a single harvest, yet credible reports indicate that Afghan farmers have been reaping multiple harvests in recent years,” adds the inspector general.",0
7494,Trump Health Secretary Pick’s Longtime Foes: Big Government and Insurance Companies - The New York Times,"ROSWELL, Ga.  —   It was 1 in the morning, and the orthopedic surgeon on call was preparing to operate on a woman whose foot had been shattered in a car wreck, after hours of tending to other patients. The woman’s husband, Jeff Anderson, asked him, “Are you too tired to do this?” “He looked me straight in the eye  —   very quiet guy  —   and said, ‘I was born to do this,’” Mr. Anderson recalled. The surgeon that night more than 20 years ago was Representative Tom Price of Georgia,   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services, the cabinet official who will lead the new administration’s efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Since then, the assuredness that defined Mr. Price as a surgeon has carried into his political career. He has always listened politely to other viewpoints but never swerved from his policy mission to protect his former profession from what he views as   government intrusion. Many who knew Mr. Price as a doctor here in Atlanta’s affluent northern suburbs praise his commitment to his patients. But his legislative record shows that over eight years in the Georgia Senate and 12 years in Congress, he has advocated at least as much for physician groups and health care companies  —   seeking to limit damages in malpractice cases, for instance, and voting against legislation that would have required the government to negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare beneficiaries. Mr. Price has routinely argued that patients are the driving force behind his efforts. Still, his positions have often coincided with the financial interests of groups whose donations have helped advance his political career. Doctors themselves are sharply divided over his nomination, and some are particularly galled by Mr. Price’s enmity for the Affordable Care Act and opposition to abortion rights. Some of his positions even clash with those of Mr. Trump, who wants to pressure pharmaceutical companies on drug prices, for example, and has pledged to largely leave Medicare alone. If confirmed, Mr. Price, 62, will soon have far more power to influence the nation’s vast health care system than he ever did as a lawmaker. One of his first tasks would be to help Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress determine how to eviscerate and replace the health law, a goal he has held since the law’s passage in 2010. But as leader of the agency that oversees Medicare, Medicaid, the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Mr. Price would also hold considerable regulatory power, with the ability to influence everything from how applications to market new drugs are reviewed to how doctors are compensated for treating elderly and poor patients. As Mr. Price prepares for two confirmation hearings  —   the first of which is scheduled for Wednesday  —   his past efforts on behalf of   companies, which have donated generously to his campaigns, are under scrutiny. So, too, is Mr. Price’s history of trading in biomedical, pharmaceutical and health insurance stocks while serving on the health subcommittee of the House Ways and Means Committee. Democrats have called for investigations into whether he traded stock based on information he gleaned as a congressman. Last year, Mr. Price bought stock in a company that makes orthopedic implants shortly before introducing legislation that could have protected the company, Zimmer Biomet, from financial losses due to a new federal regulation. The regulation sought to rein in spending on joint replacements for Medicare patients Mr. Price’s legislation would have delayed its implementation. After he introduced it, Zimmer’s political action committee contributed to his   campaign the string of events was first reported Monday by CNN. Phillip J. Blando, a spokesman for the Trump transition team, said Mr. Price “had no knowledge or input into the purchase” of the Zimmer stock, which he said was made by a broker. Asked why Mr. Price had not directed his broker to avoid buying   stocks while he wrote and voted on health legislation, Mr. Blando said, “We know that other members of Congress, including Democrats, have holdings in health care stocks and vote on   legislation. ” In a letter to an ethics lawyer at the Department of Health and Human Services last week Mr. Price said he would divest himself of holdings in 43   and other stocks to avoid conflicts of interest. Noting that the Office of Government Ethics had completed an “exhaustive review” of Mr. Price’s financial holdings, Mr. Blando said last week that Mr. Price “takes his obligation to uphold the public trust very seriously. ” Although not among the billionaires whom Mr. Trump has tapped for his cabinet, Mr. Price has profited from medicine, both as a doctor and as an active investor in health   companies including Aetna,   Squibb and Zimmer Biomet, which makes artificial joints and other medical devices. He has an estimated net worth of $13. 6 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, with assets that include real estate. He has also been an effective  : Even in his first run for office in 1996, his war chest of $173, 000, much of which came from doctors and medical companies, led his poorly financed Democratic opponent to call him “Dr. Dollar. ” A brisk,   workaholic who relishes the granular details of legislative proposals and process, Mr. Price expressed concern last year about Mr. Trump’s grasp of the issues. Taking questions from a student group at Emory University, he said he had voted for Marco Rubio in the Republican primary and called Mr. Trump an “empty policy vessel” who was “dangerous for politics and the economy,” according to the student newspaper. Mr. Price, who declined to be interviewed, was engaged in a number of pitched partisan battles even before coming to Washington in 2005. In the Georgia Legislature, he voted against a new state flag that minimized the Confederate battle cross and supported a constitutional amendment banning   marriage. In Congress, he has taken stances seen as antithetical to public health, opposing regulating tobacco as a drug and favoring legislation that would make it easier to sell bullets that can pierce armor. He has also written a fairly detailed plan for replacing the Affordable Care Act. It would repeal the law’s expansion of Medicaid and provide tax credits to help with the cost of coverage based on age instead of income, with older people getting higher credits. Mr. Price grew up in Dearborn, Mich. the son and grandson of doctors who heavily influenced his career choice. He has publicly recalled making house calls with his grandfather, who practiced medicine into his 90s. After medical school at the University of Michigan, he moved to Georgia, completing his residency at Emory and setting up practice in Roswell, a relatively affluent, conservative suburb of Atlanta. In the 1990s, his practice, Compass Orthopedics, was among seven in the Atlanta area that merged into a large group that became known as Resurgens Orthopaedics. It became the largest orthopedic practice in Georgia, and now has 100 doctors and 1, 000 employees spread over 21 locations. Dr. Steven B. Wertheim, another founding partner of Resurgens, said one goal of the consolidation was to gain bargaining power with insurance companies and to provide M. R. I. s, physical therapy and even certain outpatient operations   rather than referring patients to other providers or operating at hospitals. More leverage with insurers often allows doctors to extract higher rates. “His overall gist was, ‘Look, if all we did was practice good medicine, we’d be broke by tomorrow,’” Dr. Wertheim said of Mr. Price. “He understood the need to run a business. ” As a physician, Mr. Price was constantly frustrated by having to seek insurance companies’ approval for his patients to get an expensive diagnostic test or physical therapy  —   a common complaint among specialists. Similarly, he resented when federal health regulators intervened in something he and his partners thought they were already doing well, like using electronic medical records. “Those are the things that drove him crazy,” Dr. Wertheim said. His resentment of government intervention in medicine drove Mr. Price to become involved in the Medical Association of Georgia early in his career, and his work there led him to run for office in 1995, when the House seat in his district opened up. But by 2002, as his legislative duties increased, he traded his suburban practice for a job at Grady Memorial Hospital, a vast, chaotic, aging complex, just a few blocks from the State Capitol. For the next two years, Mr. Price was the medical director of Grady’s orthopedic clinic, seeing a vastly different population than the   privately insured patients he was used to. Most of Grady’s patients are poor and black, and many lack any form of insurance. Long waits for care are the norm, and trauma, including gunshot wounds, is a big part of the caseload. “He called me and asked if there was a position,” said Dr. James R. Roberson, the chairman of the orthopedics department at Emory University School of Medicine, whose residents train at Grady. “He needed some flexibility  —   that was most of his impetus to want to return to Grady, because he was really very interested in pursuing a political career. ” Dr. Roberson said that Mr. Price played a “unique role” at the clinic, training residents and overseeing patient care but also seeking to address inefficiencies  —   long wait times, for example  —   and representing the clinic at hospital administrative meetings. Although he saw patients, he did not perform surgery or need to be on call at night  —   an unusual arrangement, Dr. Roberson said. In the Legislature, Mr. Price spent his first six years in the powerless minority, although he quickly rose to the position of minority whip. His fortunes changed in 2003, after Sonny Perdue became the first Republican governor since Reconstruction and persuaded enough Democrats to switch parties to put the Senate into Republican hands. As the majority leader, Mr. Price’s intimate knowledge of procedural rules and maneuvers, gleaned from assiduous research, helped advance his party’s agenda. In the state Legislature, he was the leader who delivered bad news, the   tactician to some of his   colleagues’ more backslapping style. His sense of humor, when he used it, was dry. Colleagues often wondered if he slept. “He’s a machine,” said Russell K. Paul, a Republican who served in the State Senate with Mr. Price. During his two years in the majority, Mr. Price’s top priority was curbing the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance, which he said was forcing hospitals and nursing homes to close and forcing doctors to limit which procedures they performed. “He was very bright, articulate, and smart enough to be able to see the different sides,” said Tom Bordeaux, a former Democratic state lawmaker and trial lawyer who negotiated with Mr. Price over a package of bills Mr. Price introduced to limit doctors’ liability in malpractice cases. “But he was just totally unwilling. He was very gracious and he was completely inflexible. ” Ultimately, Mr. Price failed to persuade even his Republican colleagues to accept a provision that would have capped    damages for malpractice victims at $250, 000. Mr. Paul, now the mayor of Sandy Springs, Ga. said Mr. Price had become more partisan during his last few years in the Legislature, when the Republicans saw an opportunity to tip the balance of power in their favor for the first time since Reconstruction. “There was not a lot of bipartisan collegiality when it came to trying to control the government in Georgia,” Mr. Paul said, “and that environment was the crucible that began to turn Tom into a hardened political warrior. ” In Congress, Mr. Price has made frequent speeches to health industry and physician groups, and has occasionally introduced legislation on their behalf. Last year, for example, he sponsored a bill fighting new lower Medicare payment rates for “durable medical equipment” like wheelchairs and canes. A few months later, he spoke at a conference for companies that supply such equipment, which held a $     on his behalf that same day. Mr. Price has also supported proposals to overhaul Medicare  —   potentially putting him at odds with his new boss, Mr. Trump, who has pledged not to “touch” the program. Speaking to a student group at the University of Michigan in 2015, Mr. Price expressed concern that Mr. Trump would not listen to others, including Congress, if elected. “When I hear Trump saying things like, ‘I’ll just do XYZ,’ without seemingly any regard for the legislative branch,” Mr. Price told the group, “it gives me some thought. ”",0
7495,Fitton: Eric Holder and the California-DC Corruption Connection - Breitbart,"I’ve often observed that, when it comes to public policy, the Obama Justice Department has been a locus of evil.  And therefore it was concerning to see that the man who ran that Obama agency for years, the disgraced Eric Holder, has gotten himself a new,   gig. [On January 4 liberal California legislative leaders announced that they are using tax dollars to hire former Attorney General Eric Holder and his law firm to assist them in anticipated federal challenges to several state policies such as climate change and immigration.  Leftists controlling the Democratic Party are especially concerned that a new Trump administration might actually start enforcing the rule of law against California’s dangerous and unlawful sanctuary policies.  Evidently, Eric Holder will waste taxpayer funds defending this lawlessness.  In a statement, Kevin de Leon, California Senate President Pro Tempore, said, “With the upcoming change in administrations, we expect that there will be extraordinary challenges for California in the uncertain times ahead. ” The California Attorney General, who represents the State’s interest in court, already has a budget of $190 million. In response, we have filed a records request with the California Legislature Joint Rules Committee seeking to examine legislative records regarding the state’s employment of former Obama U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr.: All contracts between the California Legislature and former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. or Covington and Burling. All communications between the California Legislature and former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. or Covington and Burling about the Legislature’s retention of Holder   Covington and Burling. Holder was one of Obama’s   and most controversial Cabinet members. On June 28, 2012, he became the first U. S. Attorney General to be held in contempt of Congress on both civil and criminal grounds. The contempt charge came in connection with Holder’s refusal to turn over documents about his agency’s lies on Operation Fast and Furious, the Obama administration’s   scandal. JW exposed numerous outrages associated with this scandal. Under Holder the Justice Department dismissed its voting rights case against the New Black Panther Party. The Justice Department originally filed its lawsuit against the New Black Panther Party following an incident that took place outside of a Philadelphia polling station on November 4, 2008. According to multiple witnesses, members of the New Black Panthers blocked access to polling stations, harassed voters and hurled racial epithets. A video of the incident, showing a member of the New Black Panther Party brandishing a   baton weapon, was widely distributed on the Internet. JW exposed a number of Obama DOJ lies regarding the Black Panthers, which a federal judge validated in Judicial Watch v. United States Department of Justice (No. 1:  ). In 2013, the Obama Justice Department was caught spying on The Associated Press by collecting months’ worth of phone records of reporters and editors.  Fox News’ James Rosen was among those targeted by Holder’s Justice Department. Thanks in part to JW’s success in exposing his corruption, Holder was forced to resign from the Justice Department in 2015 and rejoin his old law firm of Covington  Burling. Our records request is designed to expose how California state legislators are wasting tax dollars to take care of another corrupt politician  —   Eric Holder  —   with the intention of deliberately resisting the rule of law on immigration and other matters. His record at the Clinton and Obama Justice Departments demonstrates a willingness to bend the law in order to protect his political patrons.",0
7496,Australia stops all donations to the corrupt Clinton Foundation,"Australia stops all donations to the corrupt Clinton Foundation November 24, 2016 Google + Following Hillary Clinton’s US presidential election defeat, it has been announced that Australia has cut all official ties with the Clinton Foundation.
On Tuesday, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop announced to the joint party room that agreements with the Foundation previously set up by the Rudd-Gillard government had not been renewed. 
“[Former Prime Minister Julia] Gillard also donated $300 million of our money to the Clinton-affiliated Global Partnership for Education,” Australian newspaper the Herald Sun wrote in an October article titled, “Why have we donated to Clinton’s foundation?” 
The Foundation, set up by the former first family of the United States, has received large amounts in donations from foreign governments, leading many to question whether it was part of a pay-to-play scheme during the former first lady’s tenure as US Secretary of State. 
Disparities in the amount of funds given to the Foundation by the Australian government have raised eyebrows. 
Reports from the Clinton Foundation list the Commonwealth of Australia and the Australian Agency for International Development as having collectively donated somewhere between $20- to $50 million. The Foundation also has a sister company called the Clinton Health Access Initiative however, which appears to have also received funding from Australian taxpayers. 
“Since 2006, Australia has contributed $88 million to [the Clinton Health Access Initiative] and its sister organization, the Clinton Foundation,” Bishop said in a statement on September 22, 2014. 
Documents released in July by Australia’s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade provided a different number from both, however, listing 11 separate grants to the Clinton Foundation, and a “China Clinton Foundation” that totaled almost $71 million. 
These disparities prompted Republican Representative Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee, the vice-chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, to bring the issue to the attention of the IRS. 
In July, she told the Daily Caller that “reports have shown that the Clinton Foundation has failed to accurately report tens of millions of dollars in foreign government grants, including some while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.” 
“This should be troubling to all Americans as it gives the appearance that there could be a pay-to-play arrangement between the Clintons and foreign governments while the interests of the American people were pushed aside. The tax-exempt status of the foundation should be reviewed immediately,” Blackburn said at the time. 
SEE ALSO:",0
7497,Malaysia Forces Out North Korean Ambassador - The New York Times,"BANGKOK  —   The government of Malaysia declared North Korea’s ambassador “persona non grata” on Saturday and gave him 48 hours to leave the country, a major break in diplomatic relations after the airport assassination of Kim   the half brother of North Korea’s leader. The decision to expel Ambassador Kang Chol came after he failed to appear at Malaysia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs as requested. Earlier, Mr. Kang had ignored a request to apologize for several inflammatory statements, including questioning the police finding that Mr. Kim was murdered with a banned nerve agent. “It should be made clear  —   Malaysia will react strongly against any insults made against it or any attempt to tarnish its reputation,” Foreign Minister Anifah Aman said in a statement announcing the expulsion order. Mr. Kim, the elder half brother of North Korea’s leader, Kim   died on Feb. 13 less than 20 minutes after two women wiped poison on his face as he prepared to check in for a flight at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, one from Indonesia and one from Vietnam, have been charged with murder. The police are seeking seven North Korean men in the case, including two believed by the authorities to have taken refuge at the North Korean Embassy. South Korea has accused the North Korean government of masterminding the attack. Mr. Kang, using unusually blunt language for a diplomat, had said that North Korea “cannot trust” the Malaysian police investigation. He charged that it was politically motivated and accused Malaysia of colluding with outside powers to defame North Korea. Mr. Kang referred to Kim   only by the name on the passport he was carrying, Kim Chol, and sought to have his body handed over to the embassy before an autopsy could be performed. He subsequently challenged Malaysia’s finding that Mr. Kim had been killed with the nerve agent VX, a highly toxic chemical weapon known to be in North Korea’s arsenal but banned under international conventions. The Foreign Ministry had set a deadline of 5 p. m. last Tuesday for Mr. Kang to apologize for his statements. “Almost four days have passed since the deadline lapsed,” the foreign minister said in his statement. “No such apology has been made, neither has there been any indication that one is forthcoming. For this reason, the ambassador has been declared persona non grata. ” Mr. Anifah noted that the police had released a North Korean man arrested in the case, Ri Jong Chol, for lack of evidence on Friday. He said it was “proof that the investigation is conducted in an impartial, fair and transparent manner, as befits a country that practices the rule of law. ” Declaring an ambassador persona non grata is one of the harshest measures a country can take short of breaking off diplomatic relations. Malaysia had previously recalled its ambassador from North Korea for consultations and there was no indication when he might be sent back. Some Malaysians have questioned why the country has an embassy in North Korea, given that there is little trade between the countries and few Malaysian tourists venture there. On Thursday, Malaysia announced that it would end its practice of allowing North Koreans to enter without a visa, effective Monday. About 1, 000 North Koreans live and work in Malaysia, where they can help bring in foreign currency for their isolated country, which has struggled economically under international sanctions.",0
7498,The FBI intervenes in the 2016 election,"License DMCA 
In an extraordinary and unprecedented action, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has stepped into the 2016 presidential campaign only 11 days before Election Day, sending a letter to Congress announcing new ""investigative steps"" related to Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. 
The three-paragraph letter by FBI Director James Comey to eight congressional committees on Friday is remarkably vague. It states that ""in connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation"" of Clinton's personal email server, which, Comey notes, he had previously told Congress was ""completed."" 
He states that he has agreed to ""allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation."" He acknowledges that the FBI ""cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant."" 
The obvious question that arises is why, given the fact that the FBI has no idea whether these additional emails contain any significant information relative to the Clinton email case, the agency should make them a public issue within days of the election. Media commentators noted that the letter violates a longstanding informal FBI ban on making politically sensitive announcements within 60 days of a US election. 
Following the report of Comey's letter, the news media, citing unnamed federal law enforcement officials, said the emails in question were found on a laptop computer shared by Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband, former Representative Anthony Weiner. - Advertisement - 
Weiner is under FBI investigation for allegedly sending sexually explicit text messages to an underage girl. Abedin announced her separation from Weiner earlier this year after the latest episode involving Weiner and sexually explicit Internet activity became public. 
Comey's letter was hailed by Donald Trump and Republican Party spokesmen as tantamount to an official reopening of the FBI investigation and rescinding of the decision announced by Comey in July that no charges would be brought against the Democratic presidential candidate. 
Clinton spoke to the press briefly Friday evening, demanding that the FBI provide more information about the substance of what it was reviewing, including whether there was any connection to her use of a private email server. She pointed out that more than 15 million people have already voted and that many millions more will be going to the polls over the next week as early voting continues. In response to questions, she indicated that the FBI has not contacted her and that she first learned of the letter through the media. 
It is at this point impossible to determine with precision the motivation behind Comey's letter and the political forces for which he is speaking. However, his attempt to present the letter as a politically disinterested response to the discovery of new information lacks any credibility. 
This direct intervention into the election by the top police-intelligence agency can only be an expression of deep crisis and profound tensions within the American ruling class and the state. The election as a whole has been dominated by the growth of social anger and anti-establishment sentiment, yet it has ended in a contest between two right-wing representatives of the richest 1 percent who are despised by huge sections of the electorate. - Advertisement - 
It has plumbed the depths of political debasement on the part of both candidates -- the fascistic billionaire Trump seeking to channel discontent along the most right-wing, chauvinist and racist channels; the multimillionaire Clinton relying on sex scandals and a McCarthyite attack on Trump as an agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin to bury incriminating revelations of corruption and lying and to swing public opinion behind a policy of military escalation and confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia. 
The entire process has been surrounded by an aura of violence and a breakdown of public confidence in the political system. It has unfolded under conditions of deepening economic crisis, mounting international tensions and worsening crises for US imperialism around the world, i.e., the ongoing debacle of Washington's war for regime change in Syria, the signs of disarray in the anti-Chinese ""pivot to Asia,"" the emergence of open conflicts with imperialist ""allies"" in Europe, particularly Germany. 
The convergence of these crises is generating bitter conflicts within the American ruling class over policy questions, magnified by fears of a rising tide of social opposition at home. 
Whether the intention of Comey's letter was to inflict fatal damage to Clinton's candidacy, shore up endangered Republican majorities in the Senate and House, or fire a shot across the bow against an incoming Clinton administration, it makes clear that the next administration will be mired in crisis from the day it takes office.",0
7499,Iraqi Protesters Clash With Troops in Baghdad’s Green Zone - The New York Times,"BAGHDAD  —   In a violent escalation of Iraq’s political crisis on Friday, protesters breached Baghdad’s Green Zone, the secure hub of government, storming the prime minister’s office as security forces fired tear gas at demonstrators and live ammunition in the air. The protesters withdrew within a couple of hours, but dozens of people were injured, according to officials. And Baghdad Operations Command, which is in charge of security in the capital, imposed a curfew for several hours, and closed all entrances to the city. It was the second time in three weeks that protesters managed to breach the blast walls and razor wire of the Green Zone, a fortified area of government buildings and embassies that was named by the American military and that for the Iraqi public has long been a symbol of corruption, occupation and dysfunction. The crisis on Friday was a further demonstration of the rising anger among Iraqis toward a leadership class that is widely reviled, and presented a new challenge to the government of Prime Minister Haider   at a time when Baghdad has faced a surge in attacks from the Islamic State, which have killed an estimated 200 people in less than 10 days. For the Obama administration, the political upheaval in Baghdad and the string of deadly attacks by the Islamic State in the capital come as it continues to boast of progress in the war against the terrorist group elsewhere in the country. With a combination of airstrikes by the   coalition and Iraqi ground forces, the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, was pushed from the western city of Rutba this week, which the authorities say will allow the main highway between Baghdad and the Jordanian capital, Amman, to be reopened. But as the attacks in Baghdad and the protests have demonstrated, gains against ISIS on the battlefield have done little to improve the country’s stability. The scenes of chaos Friday evening in central Baghdad, even though they were short in duration, potentially represented a volatile new phase of a protest movement that began last summer and had, until Friday, been relatively peaceful. Security forces had often stood aside, even offering supportive messages to demonstrators, saying that they, too, wanted to see an end to corruption. Protesters sometimes gave policemen and soldiers flowers. When protesters entered the Green Zone three weeks ago, security forces largely stood by, allowing them passage, lending the episode a sense that it was choreographed and perhaps tacitly approved by the government. This theory was widely accepted, given that the protesters have not sought to bring down Mr. Abadi, but rather to support him in a push to root out corruption, streamline government and end sectarian quotas for appointments that has faced resistance from other political blocs. But this time, security forces put up resistance when a breakaway group of several hundred protesters pushed into the Green Zone. Videos on social media showed protesters ducking and running into the Green Zone to the sound of automatic gunfire. In one video that circulated on Facebook, the man holding the camera said, “There will be no surrender from this great popular revolution. ” Others were chanting, “We sacrifice our blood and souls for Iraq!” and, “No, no to corruption!” Many of the protesters were loyalists of the Shiite cleric Moktada   whose militia once fought the American military and who has sought to harness the anger of the streets to put himself, once again, at the center of Iraqi politics. A large number came from Sadr City, the large Shiite district that was struck by two devastating Islamic State suicide bombings recently, killing nearly 100 people. Mr. Sadr has cast himself as an ally of Mr. Abadi, also a Shiite, and a supporter of the prime minister’s attempts to reform government. But in the weeks since protesters ransacked Parliament, the government has been largely paralyzed, unable to meet and vote on a slate of new ministers that Mr. Abadi has put forward. Now that his followers have stormed the Green Zone again, and entered Mr. Abadi’s office building, it is hard to see Mr. Sadr as ally to the prime minister. In a statement released Friday evening, Mr. Sadr, in typical fiery speech, said he would intensify the pressure on the government. He equated the crackdown by security forces on the protesters on Friday to the terrorist attacks by the Islamic State, and said the current Iraqi government is no different from those of Saddam Hussein and Col. Muammar   of Libya. Addressing his followers, he said: “You heroic people, be patient. Your peaceful revolution is inevitable and will be victorious and will put an end to sectarianism, quotas, corruption and terrorism. ”",0
7500,Priebus: The Republican Party ‘Will Be Rewarded’ for Fixing Health Care - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of  “Fox News Sunday,” White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said the Republican Party would “be rewarded” for tackling health care.  Host Chris Wallace said, “House Republicans are right now facing angry voters at town halls this weekend. On Friday, ‘The Cook Political Report,’ which you know well, the kind of unofficial bible assessing House races, shifted its assessment of 20 seats now held by Republicans in the direction of Democrats. I’m not saying they’re going to win them, but that they are more likely for Democrats to win. You could lose your House majority over this. ” Priebus said, “Yeah, these are the same people that said Donald Trump wasn’t going to run and he ran, he couldn’t win the general, he won the general, he couldn’t get health care repeal and replace through the House, he got it through the House. Look, the fact of the matter is there are sometimes in life you have to do what’s right, not what’s politically expedient. We believe this is going to be a better product, and by the time people see the premiums are lower, it’s a better service, more options, more choices, they’re going to reward the Republicans that stood up and said we are not going to see the Obamacare system, which is failing and collapsing continue any longer. We’re going to do something better, and We’re going to do our job as legislators to get this thing done. I think that the Republican Party will be rewarded. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN,  ",0
7501,How to Pinch Pennies in the Right Places - The New York Times,"I try to be frugal. But my instincts as a consumer are mistaken. Behavioral economics suggests that I’m often frugal in the wrong way and that you may be, too. Consider this situation: You’re shopping for headphones. An electronics store has the model you want for $50, a reasonable price. But a sales clerk says: “You know our other branch has this item on sale for $40. ” Going to that store will take 30 minutes, and you can’t buy the headphones for that price online. Do you go to the other branch? Before you answer, consider a slightly modified version of the same situation: Instead of headphones, you are buying speakers. You go to the same store and find the model you want for $400. Again, the price seems reasonable but the sales clerk says it’s on sale at the other branch for $385. What do you do now? Research by Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky, the psychologists whose work helped spawn behavioral economics, suggests that people are more likely to make the trip for the $40 headphones than for the $385 speakers. At first glance, this makes sense. By taking the trouble to go to the other store, you can save 20 percent on the headphones and only 3. 75 percent on the speakers. The bigger percentage in savings is more appealing. Though intuitive, this way of looking at the choices is mistaken. In each case it will take 30 minutes to save some money. But with the headphones, you save $10 with the speakers, you save $15. It’s as if you had two identical job offers, but one paid $20 an hour and the other $30. Yet you consistently chose the   job. We tend to focus on the percentage rather than the amount we save, and fall prey to a mental illusion. After all, when your shopping is done, it is dollars  —   not percentages  —   that will be in your bank account. This error is pernicious because it leads to a great deal of misdirected frugality. Ofer H. Azar, an economist at   University in Israel, asked consumers in the United States how much they needed to save to justify spending an extra 20 minutes. The same pattern emerged. When shopping for a $10 pen, they required only a $3. 75 savings, on average. For a $30, 000 car, though, they needed $277. 83 for that 20 minutes. This kind of foolish frugality is common. Consider how easy it is to fritter away time surfing the web for, say, a great deal on a $50 pair of jeans. Yet many of us spend no time at all on our investments. The result is that we barely glance at the fees charged by mutual funds: Without thinking much about it, we will choose a fund that charges an extra 0. 25 percentage point rather than spend the time to find a cheaper one. That’s reasonable on the face of it. What’s a quarter of a percent? But that seemingly tiny percentage difference can easily amount to thousands of dollars of lost money. We brag to our friends about how much we saved on the jeans  —   “30 percent off!”  —   never mentioning (or even registering) the money we threw away on our investments. Another of Professor’s Azar’s papers summarizes the problem perfectly: “Do Consumers Make Too Much Effort to Save on Cheap Items and Too Little to Save on Expensive Items?” The answer is, resoundingly, “Yes. ” Complicating matters is the fact that marketers understand this all too well. When you go to buy a new car, at the very end of the transaction, the dealer may suggest some  . And you may be tempted to bite. Once you’re paying tens of thousands of dollars, what’s an extra $200 for a better sound system? It’s not just a problem with car sales. When you’re buying a $1, 000 computer, why quibble over a little extra for a bigger hard drive? Or when you’re choosing a large   TV, why not pay a little more for one that is a few inches bigger? This is a slippery slope. Once you have gotten started, substantial sums can feel small. If you have remodeled your home recently, this may be painfully familiar. What all of this amounts to is a tendency to think in relative rather than absolute terms. In some ways, what we experience as consumers is like what we experience when we listen to music or lift a heavy object. For example, we are more likely to notice that a drumbeat is loud if we have been listening to, say, a gentle violin. And we will notice that we are lifting extra pounds if they are added to a lightly packed suitcase. The same additional weight is barely noticeable in a heavy one. Vision, heat perception, smell and taste all obey a similar law: Perception is largely a relative mechanism. Recent work in neuroeconomics suggests this link between dollars and senses is not just metaphorical. The economists Antonio Rangel of the California Institute of Technology and John A. Clithero of Pomona College say similar factors are at play in both cases. This neurological connection is fascinating, a reminder that even higher order cognition has humble origins. But these kinds of errors aren’t inevitable. We may not be able to control how our senses manage stimuli, but we can control how we manage our money. Not everyone falls prey to this effect, as Anuj K. Shah, a professor of behavioral science at the University of Chicago, has demonstrated in research done with Eldar Shafir, a psychology professor at Princeton, and me. For one thing,   people behave more consistently as consumers than more affluent ones. Poorer people tend to value a dollar more consistently, irrespective of the context. It is not simply that those with less money pinch more pennies it is that they are compelled to value those pennies in absolute rather than relative terms. Whereas the   may dabble in frugality, necessity makes the poor experts in it. To them, a dollar has real tangible value. A dollar saved is a dollar to be spent elsewhere, not merely a piece of token accounting. The insight here is simple: When it comes to money, stop looking at relative values and start looking at absolutes. Dollars, not percentages, matter. In this case, the   can learn something about money management from the poor.",0
7502,Police: Man Finds Nude Photos of His 10-Year-Old Sister on Neighbor’s Laptop,"A Texas man is facing charges for child pornography after lending his computer to his neighbor, who discovered nude photographs of his    sister on the laptop, police said. [Joe Garza Jr. 65, of Fort Worth, was arrested March 3 and charged with possession of child pornography. Police later charged him with continuous sexual abuse for allegedly molesting the    the New York Post reported.  Prosecutors added a second charge of continuous sexual abuse Tuesday for allegedly abusing the girl’s older sister years ago, the Fort Worth   reported. Garza’s neighbor was in the process of fixing his own hard drive when he asked to borrow Garza’s computer, according to Officer Domingo Martinez, a Fort Worth police officer assigned to the North Texas Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force. “When he hooked it up, he saw a folder on there,” Martinez told the newspaper. “Curious, he looked at it, and that’s when he saw pictures of his [own] sister. ” The neighbor gave the computer back to Garza and notified his parents. His mother texted Garza, telling him to come over so she could confront him about the alleged images. “They talked for two hours,” he said. “I don’t know if he openly admitted it but he said he has a problem and asked her not to call the police and that he would disappear and not come back. ” The mother texted her older daughter to notify the police, who arrested Garza while he was still at the family’s home. An arrest warrant affidavit stated that Garza admitted to taking photos and videos, abusing the    and abusing the older sister when she was 10 or 11 years old. Garza is being held at the Tarrant County Jail on $145, 000 bond.",0
7503,Hillary Cleared As FBI Folds Again       : Information," Hillary Cleared As FBI Folds Again
Comey Says ""Conclusions Unchanged From July"" On Clinton Email Review
By Tyler Durden November 06, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - "" Zero Hedge"" - In a letter to several committee chairmen released Sunday, FBI Director James Comey announced on Sunday afternoon that just over a week after the FBI reopened its probe into Clinton emails, the Bureau has not changed its July conclusion regarding Hillary Clintons use of a private email server while secretary of State.
House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz made waves Sunday afternoon, when he tweeted about the FBI letter.
FBI Dir just informed us ""Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Sec Clinton""
 Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) November 6, 2016
Below is the full letter from FBI Director Comey, with the key section highlighted.
The Clinton campaign is exuberant...
We were always confident nothing would cause the July decision to be revisited. Now Director Comey has confirmed it https://t.co/BMQQx9eRzw
 Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) November 6, 2016
So, having reviewed 650,000 emails in less than a week (?), we can now go back to Democrats loving Comey and the FBI and Trump hating on them.",0
7504,Ohio Teacher Shamed 9-Year-Old for Shirt Commemorating First Deer Kill - Breitbart,"A teacher at Hinkley Elementary School has come under fire after being accused of shaming a    student for wearing a sweatshirt that commemorated her first deer kill. [Domonique Yatsko, a    student at Hinkley Elementary, was carrying on a family tradition by wearing a photograph of her first deer kill on a sweatshirt.  “She was ashamed and belittled in front of everyone in the classroom,” the student’s mother said. “She didn’t know what to think she was so upset. ” Domonique’s teacher, Hannah Copa, allegedly yelled at the young girl over the sweatshirt and told her to “to take off the sweatshirt because ‘killing animals is not what we do. ’” According to the student’s mother, Domonique was so shaken by the incident with her teacher that she immediately threw the sweatshirt in the garbage when she came home from school. According to a report from The Medina County Gazette, a superintendent from the school district claimed that the teacher addressed the student about her sweatshirt after it made several of her classmates upset. The superintendent added, “The situation as I understand it is several children expressed concerns to the teacher and the teacher asked the student to step into hallway and take off (the sweatshirt) because it was upsetting to some of the students, and she did. ” Hunting apparel, including camouflage and images of animals, does not violate the Highland dress code, Aukerman said. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
7505,"Showgirls, Pastrami and Candor: Gloria Steinem’s New York - The New York Times","Gloria Steinem started her career as a C. I. A. operative, got her break as a Playboy Bunny, married Christian Bale’s father and now produces a show for the cable television channel Viceland, the home of “Balls Deep” and “Action Bronson Watches Ancient Aliens. ” Beyond that, there are some gaps in her résumé. On a recent afternoon in her Upper East Side apartment, she addressed one of those gaps. She was wearing a Toledo Mud Hens   and moving gingerly because of back pain. The gap concerned Stephen Sondheim, and the time Ms. Steinem asked him to create crossword puzzles for New York magazine. “How do you know that?” she asked. “Nobody knows that. ” It was 1968, as the magazine was just starting. Ms. Steinem knew Mr. Sondheim was a fiend for   crossword puzzles. Mr. Sondheim, who is now 86, did end up writing puzzles for the magazine in its first year, until quitting to write the musical “Company. ” Ms. Steinem, now 82, went on to other pursuits as well. At an age when many are happy to slow down, Ms. Steinem still keeps a rock star’s schedule, promoting her most recent book, “My Life on the Road,” stumping for Hillary Clinton, and raising money for causes like Planned Parenthood and a proposed “Women’s Building” in New York City. Rolling into breakfast recently, after a weekend in North Carolina promoting her book and the candidacy of Deborah Ross, a Democrat, for the United States Senate, Ms. Steinem said she had been up until 5 a. m. revising a piece for The Boston Globe about her opposition to a proposed oil pipeline on tribal lands in North Dakota. Next up, she has “two or three” books she wants to write, and another season of “Woman,” the documentary series she produced for Viceland, which was nominated for an Emmy. “I can’t imagine not working,” she said. “It’s not even working well, it’s an addiction, really, but I can’t imagine not doing it. ” She added, “It’s possible that more people are requesting me to speak because they think I’m going to die, given that I’m 82. ” Ms. Steinem has a disarming laugh that seems to say, “Can you believe the silly thing Gloria Steinem just said?” After she has spent so much time in the public eye, I asked how she would write her job description. “I don’t know,” she said. “When I have to put down something on a form I say writer, because that came first. ” She hunted around for another word. “And organizer. I don’t know how else to say it. ” Ms. Steinem would also call herself a New Yorker, a fact that sometimes gets lost amid her   biography. She has lived in the same apartment for nearly 50 years, since she and a friend rented the parlor floor of what is now a duplex for $300 a month. In 1969, when she was writing for New York magazine, she considered running for city comptroller on a ticket with Norman Mailer and Jimmy Breslin, whose platform included building a monorail around Manhattan. It was, she said, a literary lark. “Nobody ever imagined being in office,” she said. “It was out of love of New York and imagining what it could be. I think somebody asked Jimmy what he would do if he won, and he said, ‘Demand a recount. ’” “I couldn’t live anywhere else,” she said. Like a true New Yorker, she has never learned to drive. In the living room where she held the first meetings for what would become Ms. magazine in 1971, she recalled the day she fell in love with the city, on a visit from Smith College in the  . “I was walking in the theater district, and I stopped by a delicatessen,” she said, “and there were three or four showgirls from some Broadway show, and they were in full regalia and headdresses and makeup, and they were standing there and ordering pastrami sandwiches, and nobody gave it a second thought. And I thought, Oh, I want to live here. ” Later, when she moved here, she made a list of things New Yorkers did that scared her. “One was that they said things three times that we in the Midwest wouldn’t say even once,” she said. “One was that they told you terrible things that were wrong with them, but then didn’t do anything about it. In the Midwest if you say it, you have to do something about it. One was they didn’t eat standing up out of the refrigerator. One was they ate red meat. I had seen pot roast, but not red meat. ” She has outlived or outlasted or   many of her critics, including the newscaster Harry Reasoner, who famously said of Ms. magazine, “I’ll give it six months before they run out of things to say,” or feminist contemporaries who accused her of hijacking the movement away from its more radical founders. “I don’t know how she does it,” said Susan Brownmiller, author of the landmark feminist work “Against Our Will,” who has traded barbs with Ms. Steinem for four decades. “And she is still so totally beautiful. When women went to see her, they were just relieved, because she was so calm, and she could be funny. She made a lot of women feel, ‘Oh, that’s what the women’s movement looks like. I can be part of that. ’” Still, Ms. Brownmiller said, there were matters of feminist history to set straight. “Guys in the media chose Gloria as our leader,” she said. “A lot of us, our hope is that eventually history will straighten this all out and say, no, Gloria came in a little later, and her very loyal supporters have backtracked that history. ” In “My Life on the Road,” newly out in paperback, Ms. Steinem describes a rootlessness at odds with her steadfast devotion to New York. In one   span, she never went a week without being on an airplane. In her childhood, her father used to shuttle the family around the country in a trailer, buying and selling antiques along the way to support them. The closest they had to a home base was Clarklake, Mich. where her father ran a summer dance pavilion, until the fall weather chased them south toward Florida or California. “Living in trailer parks is sobering, let’s put it that way,” Ms. Steinem said. She came to ground only after her parents split up when she was 10, and she became caretaker for her mentally ill mother in East Toledo, Ohio. She did not attend school regularly until about seventh grade. Her travels took her to Smith and then a   fellowship in India. When she arrived in New York for good in 1960, it was to be a journalist, as her mother once was. For women, New York in the early 1960s was “very much the way it’s depicted in ‘Mad Men,’” said Valerie Paley, director of the Center for Women’s History at the   Historical Society. “Even educated women were relegated to roles as wives and mothers. But there was also a groundswell for change, radical change. ” Ms. Steinem rode that groundswell, writing about the culture of the   birth control pill for Esquire, and going undercover as a Bunny at the   Playboy club for Show magazine. “To this day when people don’t like me they introduce me as a former Bunny, as a ” she said. “On the other hand, I did improve the working conditions for those women. ” She also became a notable   . Time magazine, in 1969, called her “one of the best dates to take to a New York party these days  —   or, failing such luck, one of the most arresting names to drop,” adding that she had “legs worthy of her miniskirts, and a brain that keeps conversation lively without getting tricky. ” Ms. Steinem recalled those years in a less glamorous light. “If we spent $10 on a night out, we’d say, ‘Where are we going to get $10? ’” she said. At parties, if things got too   she would say she was feeling the effects of her malaria and excuse herself. There were years of   plays, then staying up with the actors because they were all full of adrenaline, and having breakfast at the Automat. “I remember that we once stole groceries from a store in the Village, because we were all broke,” she said. “Later on I went back to pay the old guy who was running the grocery, and that was my mistake, because it meant that he was admitting that someone could steal from him. I didn’t understand that. Dignity is sometimes more important than money. ” As a young freelance writer, she said, “we didn’t even have a word then for sexual harassment. It was just called life. It was just your job to avoid attention without alienating the editor. So there was an editor who always gave me a choice as I was leaving. I could either do something like mail his letters or I could go to a hotel room with him in the afternoon. Needless to say I mailed his letters. ” Her introduction to the women’s liberation movement came secondhand, through a public television special and a 1969 speakout on abortion organized by Redstockings, a radical feminist group. The movement itself was split into factions like New York Radical Women, New York Radical Feminists and the Feminists, along with Betty Friedan’s more mainstream National Organization for Women. Ms. Steinem brought a journalist’s ability to navigate different worlds. “Steinem was brilliant and younger than Friedan, and used her charisma in a different approach, where she was able to work with men,” Ms. Paley said. When Ms. Steinem gathered some of the movement’s best writers for Ms. magazine, she was accused by Ms. Friedan of “ripping off the movement for private profit” and by radical feminists of creating a shadow movement to undermine their own. “I really feel that she’s not a lion of feminism, but a lamb of feminism,” said Kathie Sarachild, a member of Redstockings who is often associated with coining the phrase “Sisterhood is powerful. ” In the   as Ms. took off, Redstockings criticized Ms. Steinem for having once worked for a C. I. A.  organization that recruited Americans to attend   youth festivals in Vienna and Helsinki in 1959 and 1962. The group’s backing was first exposed in 1967 in Ramparts magazine, then in The Washington Post and The New York Times. Ms. Steinem paints the chapter as an innocent one, saying that no one in the C. I. A. ever asked her to do or say anything, and that she did not report back to the agency. “It’s so interesting now, because the initials C. I. A. will make people believe anything,” she said. “It just wasn’t like that. It just was so uncontrolled. As I remember saying at the time, if this was our grandmother’s money we’d be doing the same thing. ” The criticism by other feminists was especially wounding. “They never called to ask me what I did,” she said. “That hurt more than anything. ” She added, “If anybody still cares about what happened so long ago, I’m happy to answer any questions. ” These are lively times to be Gloria Steinem, with the possibility of the first woman elected president and the word “feminist”  —   seen in   letters on the Beyoncé concert stage  —   again finding currency among young women. Her recent friends include some, like Lena Dunham and the playwright and performer Sarah Jones, who were not yet born when she started Ms. In speeches, Ms. Steinem quotes the three women who started the Black Lives Matter movement. “They are so far ahead of where we were, it’s staggering,” she said of the younger women she meets. “The only way I’ve managed to express this is, I just had to wait for some of my friends to be born. ” Her age has made her more strategic and also freer, she said: “Fifty was hardest for me, because it’s the end of the center of life, especially a gendered center of life. But by the time I got to be 60, it was like a new world. Society has given up because it’s all about having or raising children, really, and by 60 society doesn’t care that much, so you’re free. Seventy was certainly about mortality. And 80 even more so. ” She cited a Native American observation that old age is like childhood, a time of wonder, because both are near to the unknown. She is especially excited about a plan to turn the former Bayview Correctional Facility in Chelsea into a hub for organizations serving women and girls, a dream since the 1970s of the Ms. Foundation and other groups. “There is nothing I’m prouder of in this city,” Ms. Steinem said. The building is being redesigned by female architects, for a female real estate developer, and is expected to open around 2020, said Pamela Shifman, executive director of the NoVo Foundation, a partner in the project. “Gloria has been an advocate and visionary of this for decades,” Ms. Shifman said. “One thing about Gloria, quintessential Gloria, is that she sees herself in community with diverse groups of women, including formerly incarcerated women. Her purpose is to ask questions and listen. ” On a beautiful fall morning, Ms. Steinem seemed to lose interest in sitting still and answering questions. “Want to see my bench?” she said. For her 80th birthday, friends had presented her with a log bench in Central Park, near the Metropolitan Museum of Art. On the short walk over, a young woman stopped Ms. Steinem to thank her for being an inspiration. A man in a taxi yelled, “Love you, Gloria,” and flashed a “V” sign. Ms. Steinem gave him a thumbs up and strode purposefully across Park Avenue. As Ms. Steinem climbed the hill toward her bench, the man sitting there appeared to know who she was. “Go away, crackers,” he said. Ms. Steinem continued to smile, assuring him she did not want him to move. He cursed at her and said, “That Steinem died a long time ago. ” Down the hill, she seemed visibly shaken, but unwilling to criticize the man, who was black. “When you’re treated as a group, you treat others as a group,” she said. “So I’m ‘cracker. ’” She had things to do. There was a Yazidi woman, Nadia Murad Basee Taha, who was trafficked by the Islamic State, to interview for Viceland, and a promo for a Ms. Foundation   to tape. She had to prepare for a talk at the United Jewish Appeal and a local news segment about the Women’s Media Center. She continued on her way. A few days later, she emailed to say that the encounter with the man on the bench was “part of the reason I’m not about to leave New York. At least we see each other and have a chance to talk and absorb what someone else is experiencing. We’re not isolated in a tin can of a car or behind highways and gates. ” There was also the novelty of being called a cracker a first, she wrote. In a lifetime of activism, that may be her signature. Any encounter, even hostile, could be an opportunity. It was a philosophy to live by, and perhaps, eventually, to die by. Why dwell on conflict or loss? “My funeral,” she said, “will be a  . ”",0
7506,Comment on ‘He is a PIG’: Plus-size model Tess Holliday dons ‘Dump Trump’ T-shirt for new fashion ad by Goldbug,"Women are not just sexual objects you pigs. Just remember that when they trot out the bejewelled boobs , wear the “ TaTa Top ”, or just want to “ Free the Nipple ” in the name of “empowerment.” Ms. Holliday has a message for the “pig” 
From Daily Mail : Tess Holliday is using her platform as a model to speak out against Donald Trump and the allegations of sexual assault against him. 
The 31-year-old took to Instagram over the weekend to share an ad of herself posing in New York City’s Times Square while modeling a New Look Fashion T-shirt that reads: ‘Respect Women #Dump Trump.’ 
‘Respect Women,’ she captioned the image. ‘Our bodies are not for you to stare at or touch without our consent. Women are not just sexual objects , women are not here for your consumption. So many of us have a sexual assault story, myself included,’ she continued. 
‘To endorse someone who not just condones this behavior but actively engages in it would be an awful step backwards for women not just in the US but across the world. #dumptrump #dumptrump #dumptrump The feminist in action 
‘Also might I add I’m NOT telling you who to vote for. Trump is a pig & that’s a fact. [sic]’ 
The photo, which was taken by her longtime partner Nick Holliday, sees Tess posed with her hands on her hips as she stares at the camera. Along with the white T-shirt, which features black block lettering, she is wearing ripped jeans and black high-heeled sandals. 
The photo has been liked more than 62,000 times since it was posted on Saturday, and unsurprisingly, the political statement caused a stir. 
‘Love the shirt, Tess,’ one woman wrote. ‘Way to use your constitutionally protected voice. #activism #freedom #feminism.’ 
And while many supported Tess’ statement, there were plenty of people who disagreed with her. ‘Such a shame to have to [unfollow] you,’ another woman wrote. ‘Use your celebrity for something better than being political.’ 
There was also a fierce debate about whether or not Tess’ post could be seen as an endorsement for the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, and some people who disagreed with her statement attacked the size 22 model for her weight . 
‘There is some super hateful stuff on here,’ one woman wrote. ‘I don’t agree or disagree with your position, but I still admire your message. Why can’t everyone get along! Dang! Everyone gets to have their own opinion people! 
‘And targeting her weight because you disagree? Really? People are crazy, keep up your positive messages Tess! Whatever your political views are, I still love what you represent girl!’ 
Read about the rest of this womyn’s rant here . 
DCG",0
7507,An Eight Point Brief for Voting to Avoid Corporate Evil,"22 Shares
1 20 0 1
The anarchist political observer Noam Chomsky has over the years espoused a strategy of voting for the Democrat in swing states. Recently Chomsky, with John Halle, propounded "" An Eight Point Brief for LEV (Lesser Evil Voting) .""
Chomsky questions the ethical/moral principle rejecting LEV since lesser evil voting is designed to minimize evil. As futile as lesser evilism is, it is also futile to discuss there being a lesser evilism between the two utterly dominant rightist political parties in the United States. LEV, in fact, is an equally contemptible or greater evil.
Chomsky, though, sensibly cautions that challenges to the political-business duopoly needs to be contemplated with a full awareness of their possible consequences. What are the possible consequences? Chomsky suggests, ""A Trump presidency, should it materialize, will undermine the burgeoning movement centered around the Sanders campaign, particularly if it is perceived as having minimized the dangers posed by the far right."" However, another consequence is equally possible: a horrendous slide to the right would spur progressives to coalesce among a leftist Democrat, and/or it might finally cause former or potential Democrats to reject the chicanery of the business-dominated Democrats and embrace the progressivist platform of the Green Party.
This cost/benefit strategic accounting seriously pushes for progressivist change.
Focusing on the electoral system, however, must not be the end-all and be-all for bringing about progressivism in the US. Grassroots organizing and activism must continue to inform, oppose poverty and impoverishment, oppose war and violence, and push for human rights and equal opportunity for all people — during electoral periods and between election cycles.
MORE... 9/11 and the Zionist Question: Is Noam Chomsky a Disinfo Agent for Israel? - Part 9 9/11 and the Zionist Question: Is Noam Chomsky a Disinfo Agent for Israel? - Part 7 9/11 and the Zionist Question: Is Noam Chomsky a Disinfo Agent for Israel? - Part 3 9/11 and the Zionist Question: Is Noam Chomsky a Disinfo Agent for Israel? - Part 2 I examine Halle and Chomsky's Eight Point Brief for LEV.
1) Voting should not be viewed as a form of personal self-expression or moral judgement directed in retaliation towards major party candidates who fail to reflect our values, or of a corrupt system designed to limit choices to those acceptable to corporate elites.
No argument with this.
2) The exclusive consequence of the act of voting in 2016 will be (if in a contested ""swing state"") to marginally increase or decrease the chance of one of the major party candidates winning.
This is true of the individual act of voting. The individual in solitude has little sway over the electoral result; that is an obvious given. However, when a consciousness sweeps across a multitude of like-minded individuals then enormous potentials emerge. This desire for a change from the effete status quo is, arguably, what occurred with the almost breakthrough candidacy of Bernie Saunders, and it is also what happened, in a dissimilar manner, with the candidacy of Donald Trump. Chomsky has framed the exclusive consequence of the act of voting as the result of an individualistic action, and it is. But individuals can and do, at times, form a wider consciousness, measurable by statistically rigorous polling results, that has potential ramifications on a much greater scale that mere margins. An example of this would be the expression of voter disgust in the Canadian federal election of 1993. Following two successive majority governments led by the Brian Mulroney Tories, a voting tsunami washed away all but two Tory seats in the 295-seat Parliament. The conservatives had been around since 1867, but the electoral demolition led to the eventual dissolution of the Tories.
3) One of these candidates, Trump, denies the existence of global warming, calls for increasing use of fossil fuels, dismantling of environmental regulations and refuses assistance to India and other developing nations as called for in the Paris agreement, the combination of which could, in four years, take us to a catastrophic tipping point. Trump has also pledged to deport 11 million Mexican immigrants, offered to provide for the defense of supporters who have assaulted African American protestors at his rallies, stated his ""openness to using nuclear weapons"", supports a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. and regards ""the police in this country as absolutely mistreated and misunderstood"" while having ""done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order."" Trump has also pledged to increase military spending while cutting taxes on the rich, hence shredding what remains of the social welfare ""safety net"" despite pretenses.
Much of what Trump stands for is anathema. True. There is no need to defend this man. However, Trump stakes out important positions diametrical to Hillary Clinton; for example, Clinton's advocacy of a no-fly zone over Syria, her saber rattling with Russia, her corporate-friendly policy toward so-called free trade deals.
Chomsky cleverly anticipated such an objection, writing:
... with respect to point 3) which some will challenge by citing the claim that Clinton's foreign policy could pose a more serious menace than that of Trump.
In any case, while conceding as an outside possibility that Trump's foreign policy is preferable, most of us not already convinced that that is so will need more evidence than can be aired in a discussion involving this statement. Furthermore, insofar as this is the fact of the matter, following the logic through seems to require a vote for Trump, though it's a bit hard to know whether those making this suggestion are intending it seriously.
First, Chomsky concedes ""an outside possibility that Trump's foreign policy is preferable..."" In other words, Chomsky posits an inside possibility (one assumes that Chomsky is saying that there is the strongest likelihood) that Clinton's foreign policy is preferable without any substantiation of why this would be so. Second, he raises an unreasonable demand for ""evidence"" that Trump will follow a less menacing foreign policy than Clinton. Given that Trump has never held political office no such evidence exists. What does exist is plenty of evidence that Clinton will pursue a menacing foreign policy. There is no reason to assume Clinton would reduce the number of American military bases overseas or curtail military spending. In fact, it is likelier that she would increase military spending. She will also likeliest resort to a US military attack to bring about ""regime change"" in Syria, pushing the US closer to military confrontation with Russia. Trump's detractors compare his bombastic rhetoric unfavorably to Clinton's rhetoric. But toward Putin or Assad, Clinton's undiplomatic utterances are on record.
Moreover, following Chomsky's logic, while the more preferable policies of Trump lack evidence, by the same token, the more objectionable policies of Trump also lack evidence for the same reason: Trump has no political track record upon which to judge what he would do if in the Oval Office. Thus, following this Chomskyian logic one could not pass judgement on hardly of Trump's pronouncements. Would he really build a wall on the Mexico-US border? Where is the evidence for this? Would Trump really ban Muslims from entering the US? Where is the evidence for this?
By effectively undermining Trump's peacemongering vis-à-vis Clinton's warmongering, Chomsky, by the same logic, undermines criticisms of the regressivist political utterances by Trump. Thus, following Chomsky's logic through it seems a bit hard to know whether his suggestion is intended seriously.
4) The suffering which these and other similarly extremist policies and attitudes will impose on marginalized and already oppressed populations has a high probability of being significantly greater than that which will result from a Clinton presidency.
One assumes that Chomsky refers to the domestic population here. Trump's policies — if he is true to his word to protect jobs for American workers and punish offshoring of American jobs along with his opposition to the TPP — would be a political reversal for neoliberalization. Clintonomics would be decidedly worse for marginalized and oppressed peoples at home and abroad. The economic plight of students, the poor, and ill, however, would be much better under a Jill Stein presidency .
The economic plight of students, the poor, and ill would be much better under a Jill Stein presidency.
If Chomsky is referring to the preponderant violence of US foreign policy and its oppressive and genocidal on populations, then I agree with his ""basic moral principle"": ""not only must we take responsibility for our actions, but the consequences of our actions for others are a far more important consideration than feeling good about ourselves."" Under the Democratic administration hundreds of thousands have died, millions of people have been displaced, and terrorist organizations have proliferated. This is the evidence from Clinton's time in political office. Thus a vote for Clinton is predictably a vote that will lead to a continuation, perhaps even a ramping up, of the suffering of others. Basic morality suggests to this writer to steer clear of casting such an oppression-enabling vote.
5) Should constitute sufficient basis to voting for Clinton where a vote is potentially consequential-namely, in a contested, ""swing"" state.
I contend that Chomsky's basis for 5) is false or questionable. First, Chomsky has staunchly argued that ""we"" should concentrate foremost on the wrongful actions and crimes of our own state because they are something we can have an influence over. But it seems that Chomsky believes that Trump will supersede Clinton's record of killing in Iraq, Libya, and Syria. Clinton is not going to close US military abroad. Trump has called these bases into question. And if one concentrates on the domestic population, at least the rhetoric of Trump against so-called free trade agreements and offshoring US factories abroad bodes well for the American worker.
6) However, the left should also recognize that, should Trump win based on its failure to support Clinton, it will repeatedly face the accusation (based in fact), that it lacks concern for those sure to be most victimized by a Trump administration.
This criticism is anti-democratic; furthermore, the criticism applies conversely. Chomsky's citing the accusation gives it a veneer of credence. Effectively it leads to the perpetuation of the business-party duopoly. The records of the Bill Clinton and Barack Obama administrations demonstrate the futility of such a proffered rationale. Clinton deregulated the finance sector, exposed American workers to the vagaries of ""free trade,"" implemented regressive welfare policies, and continued aggressive US militarism abroad. Obama? Bailing out the banks; attempts to cut back social security; warring in Afghanistan, Libya, Yemen, and Syria; drone strikes; confrontation with Russia and China; TPP; and the lingering incarceration at Guantanamo Bay. It is important to note that Democrats, arguably, have a freer hand to implement rightist policy than Republicans have since many supporters of Democrats will mute their opposition to avoid providing succor to the Republicans. George Bush was stymied from tinkering with social security. Notably, Obama has done an about-face on social security and proposed an expansion, picking up on the popularity for such a measure from the Bernie Saunders candidacy.
7) Often this charge will emanate from establishment operatives who will use it as a bad faith justification for defeating challenges to corporate hegemony either in the Democratic Party or outside of it. They will ensure that it will be widely circulated in mainstream media channels with the result that many of those who would otherwise be sympathetic to a left challenge will find it a convincing reason to maintain their ties with the political establishment rather than breaking with it, as they must.
It is true that establishment operatives will use LEV as a bad faith justification for defeating challenges to corporate hegemony either in the Democratic Party or outside of it. That was the case when Ralph Nader ran. It is the case when Cynthia McKinney ran and it is when Jill Stein runs. The corporate media and even many so-called progressives will trot out this time-worn argument with each election cycle. As long as enough people buy into the premise, then the status quo will persist. The result is that a right-wing government always assumes office in Washington. This bodes ill for the poor and working class. It bodes poorly for nation states designated as enemy states by the US.
8) Conclusion: by dismissing a ""lesser evil"" electoral logic and thereby increasing the potential for Clinton's defeat the left will undermine what should be at the core of what it claims to be attempting to achieve.
Conclusion: by buying into a ""lesser evil"" electoral logic the corporate-political duopoly will remain in power to continue policies that primarily benefit the 1% and their goals for further enrichment; to unfetter finance, to pursue a belligerent foreign policy — a policy that seeks to placate the military-industrial establishment; and to further entrench corporate domination of the electoral system. All of this is at cross-hairs with what should be at the core of what progressives claim to be attempting to achieve.
Final Comments
The tragedy of opting for lesser evilism is that the people get evil.
Some leftist commentators argue that there is no evilism . I found that to be preposterous. Barack Obama was the so-called lesser evil the previous two election cycles. Obama is not a lesser evilist; he is the man who enables evil. ... The cycles of US-backed violence and killing in places such as Gaza, Syria, Bahrain, Afghanistan, Yemen, and Somalia underscore the utter futility of pandering to a perceived lesser evilism. If one votes for a degree of evil, then one should not be surprised when evil results.
Progressivism demands that social justice activists repudiate evil. Morality dictates that people should not live in fear of being killed. A genuine peacemongering US president is needed to stop the killing and save lives. Consequently, both Democrats and Republicans are anathema. Given the present candidates, if people vote, then the only conscionable vote is for someone not of the business party factions.
Only a propeace ""third"" party will set the US on a new path . Outside of a revolution, the election of a propeace ""third"" party is the only moral direction on the horizon for Americans truly interested in steering their country toward peace and rehabilitating the ensanguined US reputation. Such a ""third party"" vote, however, may well augur the birth of a revolution on many promising fronts.",0
7508,New Las Vegas Casino ONLY for Chinese Gamblers,"New Las Vegas Casino ONLY for Chinese Gamblers 10/27/2016 
LOS ANGELES TIMES 
Casino operators know there are no gamblers quite like the Chinese. 
With their affinity for baccarat, the most lucrative game in Las Vegas, Chinese gamblers have long commanded special treatment — be it with private Chinese gaming salons, Lunar New Year festivities or performances from pop stars flown in from Hong Kong and Taiwan. 
No one in Las Vegas, however, has built a casino and hotel strictly for Chinese visitors until now. 
The Lucky Dragon Hotel & Casino is billing itself as Las Vegas’ first Asian-themed resort, funded in large part by Chinese investors. The property, set to open Dec. 3 with a traditional lion dance, will offer bilingual staff and signage, a luxury tea bar and a host of restaurants with food that wouldn’t look or taste out of place in Guangzhou or Shanghai. 
“No General Tso’s or egg rolls here,” said David Jacoby, chief operating officer for the resort, which left no Chinese superstition unturned. 
The rose-colored resort’s front entrance is designed in a dragon motif. A feng shui master blessed its kitchens. The main bar is eight-sided for good fortune. And it’s hard to find a No. 4 on the property. The unlucky digit is absent from room numbers and the phone directory. The nine-story hotel even skips a fourth floor. 
“This place is heavily feng shui’ed” Jacoby said. 
With all that attention to detail, you’d think Lucky Dragon’s brain trust was born in Beijing. But the idea behind the 203-room boutique resort off the northern end of the Las Vegas Strip was largely conceived by an American veteran gaming executive, Bill Weidner, the former president and chief operating officer of Las Vegas Sands Corp. 
Weidner, an advisor to Lucky Dragon, is no neophyte to the Chinese market. He worked with some of China’s most powerful government figures to lead Sands’ expansion into Macau when the former Portuguese colony relaxed its monopoly on gaming licenses in 2002. Macau now generates nearly five times the gambling revenue of the Las Vegas Strip, forever changing the fortunes of the global casino industry. 
Weidner was also involved in the development of the $5.5-billion Marina Bay Sands in Singapore before leaving the company in a bitter dispute in 2009. 
Weidner and Jacoby know major Las Vegas gaming resorts like the Sands’ Venetian, MGM or Wynn already cater to China’s high rollers with VIP parlors and relationships forged in Macau. 
Lucky Dragon, though tiny compared with those properties, addresses what they see as a gap in the market: middle-class Chinese gamblers, Chinese Americans as well as the broader Asian American community. 
“Let them fight over the 1% and let us fight over the remaining 99%,” said Jacoby, who previously worked for Weidner’s firm, Global Gaming Asset Management, opening a casino resort in the Philippines. 
That pool of Chinese gamers will almost certainly grow. On Dec. 2, Hainan Airlines will fly the first direct flights from China to Las Vegas’s McCarran International Airport (Lucky Dragon guests are confirmed to be on that flight, Jacoby said). 
Already, a record 206,743 visitors from China traveled to Las Vegas last year, nearly double the number in 2010, according to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. 
Meanwhile, ground was broken on another Asian-themed resort, this one much bigger than Lucky Dragon. Resorts World, a Malaysian hospitality and casino giant with decades of Asian gaming experience, is spending up to $4 billion for a 3,200-room property on the North Strip that will feature Chinese architecture such as an ersatz Great Wall. It’s slated to open in 2019. 
Plans are also underway to build a $2-billion resort on the Strip called Alon Las Vegas. The project is owned by Australia’s Crown Resort, who count Chinese gamers as a major source of business. 
“It’s going to be even more of a competitive market,” said John DeCree, an analyst at Union Gaming in Las Vegas. “Everyone’s coming for the same customer. It’s going to be a challenge.” With 203 rooms, the hotel is small compared with many on the Strip. But with five restaurants, it offers more dining options than many its size. (Isaac Brekken / For The Times) 
Competition could also be fierce for Chinese high rollers, whose gambling activity has been curtailed by a slowing Chinese economy and an anti-corruption campaign at home that, until recently, sent Macau gambling revenues into a two-year slump. 
Las Vegas isn’t immune to those headwinds. After years of explosive growth, casinos on the Strip experienced a decline in the amount of money bet on baccarat to about $10 billion in 2015. That’s nearly $2 billion less than 2014, according to the Nevada Gaming Control Board. 
The casino industry uses the card game as a proxy for Chinese gambling activity because of its massive popularity within the culture. That’s both for practical and superstitious reasons. Baccarat has the best statistical odds of beating the house compared with other games. And as a game of chance over skill, baccarat also plays into Chinese fatalistic attitudes toward luck. 
“The vast majority of baccarat play comes from the Asian market,” said Jacoby of Lucky Dragon. 
Jacoby’s casino will offer seven VIP baccarat tables on a second-floor terrace with access to a vast menu of authentic Chinese food. In addition to live seafood flown in from all over the world, the property will serve staples like congee, wonton noodles and dim sum. 
Food is expected to be a big draw because Chinese vacationers overwhelmingly prefer their native cuisine over others. 
Las Vegas has a number of well-regarded Chinese restaurants such as Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, China MaMa in Chinatown and an outpost of Chengdu Taste, the San Gabriel Valley stalwart for Sichuan cuisine. High-end Chinese food is also served at high-roller rooms such as the Venetian’s Paiza Club. 
No casino, however, boasts the concentration of Chinese restaurants that Lucky Dragon will, with five altogether. The hope is Chinese tourists staying at other properties will choose to eat — and gamble — at Lucky Dragon when they venture off the Strip. 
The emphasis on food means Lucky Dragon’s owners can eschew things that aren’t particularly important to Chinese tourists, like a whiskey bar or nightclub. And because Chinese tourists often don’t like to sunbathe, Lucky Dragon’s pool isn’t much bigger than the backyard variety. 
Jacoby says his competitors on the Strip offer Chinese gamers a diluted experience by operating a handful of Chinese restaurants and parlors in mega-casinos that have to serve all manner of people, not just Chinese. By comparison, visitors to Lucky Dragon can start conversing in Mandarin with staff as soon as they walk in, he said. 
“We’re trying to take [the Asian gaming experience] and bring that front and center instead of hiding the most valuable customer in a segregated portion of a large building,” Jacoby said. 
Though Lucky Dragon will rely heavily on Asian American customers at first, its funding was largely drawn from mainland Chinese investors through the federal EB-5 visa program. The visa allows foreigners and their immediate family to gain permanent U.S. residency in exchange for a minimum investment of $500,000 that also creates American jobs. Rather than focusing on bars and nightclubs, the casino is prioritizing dining options. That includes a tea room, still under construction. (Isaac Brekken / For The Times) 
Chinese investors have dominated the program nationwide, accounting for 80% of applicants awaiting EB-5 visas. Though occasionally subject to fraud, the program has successfully funded a handful of mixed-used projects in New York, the JW Marriott hotel at L.A. Live and the SLS Hotel & Casino across from Lucky Dragon. 
Jacoby declined to say how many Chinese investors are involved in Lucky Dragon, which is expected to employ 800 people. Jacoby also declined to disclose how much the project cost, adding that earlier media reports pegging the price tag at about $370 million were inaccurate. 
The company hit a snag last year when it unsuccessfully sought tax subsidies from the city. But financial commitments from Weidner’s family and others put the project back on track. 
Lucky Dragon isn’t the first Las Vegas resort to target a specific demographic. The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and the Palms Casino Resort opened years ago catering to young partygoers and clubbers before eventually being overshadowed by larger competitors on the Strip such as the MGM Grand and the Cosmopolitan. 
Lucky Dragon’s early backers even considered building an LGBT resort before settling on their current strategy, one they say will live and die on being able to deliver an authentic Chinese gambling experience. 
“We set out trying to put together a place that would stand alone in Shanghai if you dropped it off down there today,” Jacoby said. “We didn’t want to [have] just gongs, Asian tapestries and caricature-stuff like that.”",0
7509,Many What-Ifs in Donald Trump’s Plan for Migrants - The New York Times,"In an address after the Orlando massacre punctuated with dire warnings of impending violence, Donald J. Trump said he would “suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism” against the United States or its allies. Mr. Trump promised fixes to the immigration system that would be “tough” and “smart” and “fast. ” It sounded much like his provocative proposal to keep Muslims from entering the country, but those listening closely noticed an important change. By proposing to bar people from certain regions rather than religions, Mr. Trump had avoided the sticky issue of testing someone’s faith. Mr. Trump’s plan, lawyers and legal scholars agree, is one that the president has the power to carry out. But they said that putting it in place would take an ambitious bureaucratic effort not likely to move nearly as quickly as the candidate envisions. And it would make sweeping use of executive authority to enact the sharpest restrictions on immigration since 1965, when the United States abandoned longstanding quotas designed to exclude people from much of Asia and from southern and Eastern Europe. “Executive authority over immigration is very broad,” said Bo Cooper, a lawyer who served as general counsel to the federal immigration agency from 1999 to 2003. But Mr. Trump’s proposal, he said, “goes far beyond what’s been done with that authority in the past. The leap in scale is orders of magnitude. ” The presumptive Republican nominee did not name which countries would be covered by his ban, but they could include vast sections of the Middle East, northern and   Africa and Asia. Islamic terrorists have operated in at least 17 nations in recent years, and citizens of those countries received more than 1. 4 million visas to come to the United States in 2014, including green cards for immigrants settling here permanently and temporary visas for workers, students and visitors. By Mr. Trump’s definition, a ban could include countries like Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Egypt, souring relations with governments that are working closely with the United States to combat the jihadist terrorists he aims to defeat. Immigration analysts said a   ban, even if temporary, could prompt a wave of retaliation against American citizens traveling and living abroad, which could separate families and disrupt American businesses, trade and intelligence gathering. Together with his plans for a wall along the border with Mexico and a “pause” in legal immigration by foreign workers, Mr. Trump’s antiterrorism suspension would alter the welcoming message the United States has long sought to project to the world, symbolized by the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor. That, Mr. Trump and many of his supporters believe, may be a change long overdue. “We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer,” he said in his speech Monday after the killing of 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando by a gunman who pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. Although the gunman, Omar Mateen, was a    American who was born and raised in the United States, Mr. Trump focused his ire on Mr. Mateen’s parents, who came here from Afghanistan more than three decades ago. As with some of Mr. Trump’s other proposals, it was unclear to what extent the ban was an   promise as opposed to a considered strategy. But in contrast with his usual   style of speaking, he read from a prepared text, quoting from the actual immigration statute he would be using. Still, he provided few details on how it would work. The ban would be lifted, Mr. Trump said, when “we understand how to end these threats. ” The Trump campaign declined to elaborate. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a Republican   on immigration who has advised Mr. Trump on the issue, said the proposal was a statement of purpose that would be filled in with details in coming months. “He has been very clear and very strong that we need to pause until we have time to figure out this violent jihadist thing and get it under control,” Mr. Sessions said.’ ”Mr. Trump’s ban would rely on a law that allows the president “by proclamation” to restrict the entry of any immigrants who “would be detrimental to the interests of the United States. ”” ’The ban would probably not drastically reduce the overall flow of immigrants to the United States. Of 1. 2 million immigrants who came here to live in 2013, for example,   were from just three countries, none of which are likely to be suspended: China, India and Mexico. But identifying areas to include in a ban and persuading Washington to accept that definition would be the first steps that would slow down Mr. Trump. “It takes time to turn the government around to do things, and nothing is going to happen quickly that easily,” said Theresa Cardinal Brown, the director of immigration policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a research organization in Washington, and a former senior policy official at the Department of Homeland Security. Although the president has the power to set the broad course of immigration policy, she noted, Congress would have to approve funds for the initiative and some pieces could require new rules and a long period of public comment. Once a ban is in place, its impact would be harsh for countries on the list. Their citizens require visas any time they enter the United States, even for short trips. So their businesspeople could not come for meetings, students could not attend American universities, and tourists could not come to see the sights. Foreign spouses of American citizens could not come to live with their families. “It could include everyone from the king of Saudi Arabia to a college student,” said Muzaffar Chishti, a director at the Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan research group. Whatever the range of a ban, the United States could expect swift reciprocal responses. “I can see severe adverse political fallout,” said Stephen   an immigration law professor at Cornell. “Countries could retaliate by limiting travel by U. S. citizens, and it would certainly harm our standing in terms of international initiatives negotiating trade deals and stopping wars. ” Daniel Tichenor, a political science professor at the University of Oregon who studies American immigration history, said a precedent close to Mr. Trump’s regional ban was the   ban on immigration from Asia during the first half of the 20th century. Racial and national security fears during World War I led Congress to establish an “Asiatic barred zone” starting in 1917, acting on the belief that Chinese, Japanese and other Asian immigrants could not assimilate into American society. In the 1920s, Congress also limited immigration from southern and Eastern European countries including Italy, Greece and Poland, on the theory that their citizens were inferior to Western Europeans and could import subversive socialist ideas. Because of the restrictions, during World War II many Jews and others fleeing Hitler were blocked from coming to the United States. Congress eliminated the national origin quotas when it overhauled immigration in 1965. “It is not uncommon in our past for national security anxieties to be exploited by those who favor strong immigration restrictions even before a real national crisis,” Prof. Tichenor said. But, he said, “Trump really stands out. ” For a time after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, people from predominantly Muslim countries arriving in the United States were fingerprinted and questioned for a special registration, and immigrants from those countries already living here had to register as well. About 13, 000 of those immigrants were deported, mostly for overstaying visas. But there was no effort to ban entire countries or regions. Mr. Trump said an antiterror suspension would be lifted “after a full, impartial and long overdue security assessment” to create tougher screening and determine that the threat from Muslim terrorists had diminished. Mr. Cooper, the former general counsel for the immigration agency, said such a suspension would probably not be temporary. “I promise you, any security expert is going to say the threat is not going to end in our lifetimes,” Mr. Cooper said. “That is an ending point you probably never reach. ”",0
7510,Putin Condemns Europe’s Handling of Migrants and Says the Child Rape in Austria Shows ‘a Dilution of National Values’,"Loading Posted on November 4, 2016 Putin Condemns Europe’s Handling of Migrants and Says the Child Rape in Austria Shows ‘a Dilution of National Values’ Jennifer Newton, Daily Mail, November 3, 2016 
Vladimir Putin has waded into the migrant crisis condemning Europe’s handling of asylum seekers and saying a case of child rape in Austria ‘dilutes national values’. 
The Russian president has largely kept quiet over the refugee crisis in Europe but has now spoken out of his disbelief over its handling claiming that a continent that ‘can’t protect its children’ has no future. 
His comments come off the back of a case in Austria last week, which saw an Iraqi migrant have his conviction of raping a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Vienna overturned. 
He was originally convicted of the crime but it was overturned because a court didn’t prove he realised the boy was saying no. 
It came after the migrant, identified as 20-year-old Amir A., claimed that it was a ‘sexual emergency’ because he had not had sex for four months. 
A second trial for the rape is expected to take place next year, but the attacker is likely to remain in custody until then. 
And speaking at a press conference this week, Putin slammed Europe’s migration policy and cited the case, where the victim was from a Serbian family living in Austria. 
He said: ‘In a European country, a child is raped by a migrant, and the court releases him. 
‘It doesn’t fit into my head what on earth they’re thinking over there. 
‘I can’t even explain the rationale–is it a sense of guilt before the migrants? What’s going on? It’s not clear.’ 
He also claimed that the case highlighted ‘the dissolution of traditional national values’ adding: ‘A society that cannot defend its children has no future.’ 
And Putin’s words appeared to have struck a chord, as he is extremely popular with Serbs. 
In the rape case, the boy had arrived in Austria with his Serbian mother, who paid for him to go to the Theresienbad swimming pool, where he was violently attacked. 
The boy was so badly injured that he needed hospital treatment but he will be forced to go back to court for the Iraqi man’s second trial, outraging the Austrian Serbian community. 
Austrian media say the case has hardened the communities position against asylum seekers, who were previously divided about whether to vote for the left-leaning Green party candidate or the far right option Nobert Hofer in upcoming elections. 
However, it is not the first time Russia has lashed out at the EU’s handling of the migrant crisis. 
In March, Konstantin Romodanovsky, head of Russia’s Federal Migration Service accused leaders of willfully ignoring cultural differences that have caused such widespread friction and chaos across the Continent. 
He also added that ‘multiculturalism has failed’ because Europe never formed a unified strategy to integrate refugees into Western society. 
He said: ‘The European Commission left it up to individual nations to decide how they want to treat asylum seekers–despite the fact the policies and capabilities of member states are very different. 
Romodanovsky also accused EU countries of ignoring the ‘differences in culture, religious traditions, and customs’ with the refugees, the vast majority of whom are Islamic.",0
7511,"Donald Trump’s grandfather ran Canadian brothel during gold rush, author says","  Donald   says   Friedrich Trump amassed 'substantial nest-egg' from Yukon hotel before heading to New York Donald   says 
Canadians amused by the improbable presidential run of Donald Trump might be surprised to learn the role their own country played in shaping his story. 
Trump’s grandfather started the family fortune in an adventure that involved the Klondike gold rush, the Mounties, prostitution and twists of fate that pushed him to New York City. 
Friedrich Trump had been in North America a few years when he set out for the Yukon, says an author who’s just completed a new edition of her multi-generational family biography. 
That Canadian chapter proved pivotal for the entrepreneurial German immigrant, says Gwenda Blair, author of The Trumps: Three Generations That Built An Empire. 
“It allowed him to get together the nest egg he’d come to the United States for,” the author and Columbia University journalism professor said in an interview. 
“Whether he could’ve accumulated that much money somewhere else, in that short a period of time, as a young man with no connections, and initially not even English, is certainly … unlikely.” 
He’d left Europe in 1885 at age 16, a barber’s apprentice whose father died young. 
Trump wanted a life outside the barber shop, far from the family-owned vineyards his ancestors had been working since they’d settled in Germany’s Kallstadt region in the 1600s carrying the soon-altered surname Drumpf. 
He sailed in steerage to join his sister in New York. 
Within five years he’d anglicized his name to Frederick; moved to the young timber town of Seattle; and amassed enough cash to buy tables and chairs for a restaurant. 
His next big move was heralded by the front page of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer of July 17, 1897, and its exclamatory headline: “Gold! Gold! Gold!” 
It described a resplendent scene at the port involving mountains of yellow metal and men returning from the “New Eldorado” with fortunes as high as $100,000. 
Trump sold everything and headed north. 
The move to Canada spared him financial disaster. He not only sold off two Seattle eateries, but also land in nearby Monte Cristo, Wash. — right before floods and avalanches destroyed the nearby railroad and development plans for the town were scrapped. 
Blair describes his perilous northward journey in early 1898. 
After boarding a crowded ship to Alaska, Trump trekked over mountains, through Canadian customs, and to the Yukon River where he had to build a boat from scratch and transport a year’s worth of personal supplies. 
The worst was a notorious mountain pass. The U.S. National Parks Service estimates 3,000 animals died on the White Pass, with many bones still visible today in its so-called Dead Horse Gulch. 
“Owners whipped horses, donkeys, mules, oxen, and dogs until they dropped. The bodies were not buried or even moved,” Blair writes. 
“Travellers … had no choice but to walk over the remains. As the months went by, the walls of the pass were stained dark red from the blood.” 
Trump smelled opportunity. 
He opened a canteen along the route, Blair says, where weary travellers likely stopped for a bite of Arctic roadkill. There are records for similar establishments along the route, Blair writes: “A frequent dish was fresh-slaughtered, quick-frozen horse.” 
This established a pattern for Trump’s Canadian business model. 
It’s summed up in one chapter title: “Mining the Miners.” 
Unlike other gold-crazed migrants, Blair wrote, “[Trump] realized that the best way to get [rich] was to lay down his pick and shovel and pick up his accounting ledger.” 
‘Liquor and sex’ 
In his three years in Canada, Trump opened the Arctic Restaurant and Hotel in two locations with a partner — first on Bennett Lake in northern B.C., and then moving it to Whitehorse, Yukon. 
Their two-storey wood-framed establishment gained a reputation as the finest eatery in the area, Blair said — offering salmon, duck, caribou, and oysters. 
It offered more than food. 
“The   sex,” Blair wrote. She cited newspaper ads referring obliquely to prostitution — mentioning private suites for ladies, and scales in the rooms so patrons could weigh gold if they preferred to pay for services that way. 
One Yukon Sun writer moralized about the backroom goings-on: “For single men the Arctic has the best restaurant,” he wrote, “but I     sex.” 
The Mounties initially tolerated the rowdiness. There were exceptions, according to the legendary Canadian writer Pierre Berton. People faced forced labour or banishment from town if they cheated at cards; made a public ruckus; or partied on the Lord’s Day. 
“Saloons and dance halls, theatres and business houses were shut tight one minute before midnight on Saturday,” Berton wrote in “Klondike Fever.” 
“Two minutes before twelve the lookout at the faro table would take his watch from his pocket and call out: ‘The last turn, boys!”‘ 
‘I wouldn’t call him a pimp’ 
Trump acted as cook, bouncer, waiter. 
But Blair cautions: “I wouldn’t call him a pimp.” 
She said backroom ribaldry was part of the restaurant package in those towns, and it’s not clear how the arrangement worked: “As somebody trying to attract business to his restaurant, of course he would have liquor. Of course he would arrange easy access to women. A pimp is, I think, a different business model.” 
By early 1901, trouble was brewing. 
The Mounties announced plans to banish prostitution, and curb gambling and liquor. Trump quarrelled with his partner. Gold strikes were getting scarcer. 
“The boom was over, Frederick Trump realized,” Blair wrote. “He had made money; perhaps even more unusual in the Yukon, he had also kept it and departed with a substantial nest-egg.” 
He returned to Germany with US$582,000 in today’s currency, and found a wife. But he was greeted as a draft-dodger for being away and becoming a U.S. citizen during his military years. 
So he was deported from his own country. He boarded a ship for New York, his wife pregnant with Donald’s dad. 
The elder Trump died of pneumonia in 1918, leaving behind some real estate. His son built the empire, his grandson the global brand. 
Ironically, their heir is now running for president on a platform of mass-deportation. But Donald and grandpa share some traits — an entrepreneurial spirit, and formative youthful adventures in Canada. 
Donald met his first wife, Ivana, at the Montreal Olympics. Related Posts:",0
7512,Frank Gaffney: Ryan Should Resign as Speaker Because ‘He’s Simply Not a Reliable Partner for the President’,"On Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam asked guest Frank Gaffney about a post he wrote on the Center for Security Policy blog, in which he endorsed a call by Jeanine Pirro of Fox News for House Speaker Paul Ryan to resign following the failure of the House Obamacare replacement bill. [As he wrote in the post, Gaffney stipulated that “health care is not my field, by any means,” so he did not mean to criticize the substance of the   House bill.   “I think what is of concern is that this was a doomed approach,” he said. “Paul Ryan, who is supposed to be helping President Trump get through his agenda in the House of Representatives and the congress more generally, should have known better. He either didn’t, which justifies removal on the grounds of incompetence, or did  —   in which case I think the argument is that he’s simply not a reliable partner for the president in getting this agenda done. ” “On either grounds, I think that it would be necessary for the country, not just for the Trump presidency but for the country, to have leaders in both the House and the Senate who want to ensure that the president’s projects, the president’s agenda, the president’s promises to the American people  —   which I think were momentous, not just for health care reform but in so many other respects, including the return to the prospect of peace through strength, which if course is near and dear to my heart, and I think yours Raheem  —   is going to be a necessary condition going forward,” he argued.  “From a layman’s perspective, from a person who understands as a layman the importance of health care, this seemed to be a statist  —   well, ‘Obamacare Lite’ it’s been called  —   approach, when a free market approach seems to be called for,” Gaffney said. “I think that’s what Donald Trump set out to do. That’s what he promised the voters. It’s what I think you could get a majority of the Congress behind, if it is clear that in the process, you’re not going to abandon people who genuinely need health care support. ” “It goes back to kind of the fatal flaws of Obamacare, and just making it a little better at the margins, which is I think, at best, what you could say Ryan was up to. It was clearly unsatisfactory and was, as I say, doomed to fail,” he pronounced. Gaffney added compliments to Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) and the House Freedom Caucus for “ensuring that it did fail. ” “I think they’ve done a great service, despite all the brickbats being thrown their way, for President Trump as well as for the country,” he said. Gaffney conceded that choosing a possible replacement for Rep. Ryan as Speaker of the House was a difficult task. “I think there are a number of people who could probably command the support of the majority of the House,” he said. “It wouldn’t be for me to pick them. Some have been willing to serve in the past. Daniel Webster comes to mind, he seems to be a very presentable guy. It would be obviously up to him or others in the House to stand for this, if in fact Paul Ryan were to create a vacancy  —   which I hope he will do. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
7513,Donald Trump Has Long Benefited From Trade Practices He Now Scorns - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump vowed on Tuesday that as president, he would put an end to policies that send American jobs overseas, threatening to impose tariffs on Chinese imports and promising to punish companies that relocate their manufacturing to countries with cheaper labor. “It will be American hands that remake this country,” said Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, standing before a hunk of aluminum at a recycling plant in western Pennsylvania. But such declarations are at odds with Mr. Trump’s long history as a businessman, in which he has been heavily  —   and proudly  —   reliant on foreign labor in the name of putting profits, rather than America, first. From cheap neckties to television sets, Mr. Trump has benefited from some of the trade practices he now scorns. Besides construction, Mr. Trump is big in the clothing business. But most of his line of suits, ties and cuff links bear a “Made in China” label. Some also come from factories in Bangladesh, Mexico and Vietnam. He has blamed China’s currency manipulation to argue that it is almost impossible to find garments that are made domestically these days, or that they are prohibitively expensive. “The answer is very simple,” Mr. Trump told  ABC News when asked about his merchandise in 2011. “Because of the fact that China so manipulates their currency, it makes it almost impossible for American companies to compete. ” Despite that claim, some companies such as Brooks Brothers continue to make clothes in the United States. In 2013, Mr. Trump teamed with Dorya, a Turkish maker of luxury furniture, for his Trump Home brand. In a news release at the time, the Trump Organization promoted the craftsmanship of the pieces, which furnish some of Mr. Trump’s hotels. “The entire production process, from the moment the raw wood is cut until the product is finished or upholstered occurs in Dorya’s Izmir, Turkey, production facility,” the release said. Mr. Trump also invested in a line of crystal bearing his name to go with his Trump Home line. The collection was produced in Slovenia, the home of his wife, Melania. Mr. Trump told The New York Times in 2010 that the production facilities were first class. “I’ve seen factories over there their glass and crystal works are unbelievable,” he said. Mr. Trump has not held back when it comes to his concern that undocumented immigrants are taking jobs from American workers, but he has used them on occasion. In 1980, a contractor hired by Mr. Trump to demolish the Bonwit Teller building in New York and make way for Trump Tower used undocumented Polish immigrants who reportedly worked    and even slept at the site. Mr. Trump said that he did not know they were undocumented and later settled a lawsuit over the matter. Last summer, The Washington Post found that Mr. Trump was using undocumented immigrants for the construction of his Trump International Hotel at the site of the Old Post Office Pavilion in Washington. And The Times reported this year that Mr. Trump had employed hundreds of foreign guest workers from Romania and other countries at his    resort in Florida. Mr. Trump said that he found it difficult to find qualified local people to work there during the high season. While Mr. Trump has for years railed against trade and currency policies that he says are unfair, he has not always been opposed to outsourcing. Writing on the Trump University blog in 2005, Mr. Trump acknowledged that foreign labor was sometimes needed to keep American companies from going out of business. “If a company’s only means of survival is by farming jobs outside its walls, then sometimes it’s a necessary step,” Mr. Trump wrote. “The other option might be to close its doors for good. ” Mr. Trump usually makes the case that foreign labor is necessary to keep production costs down, but in an interview with David Letterman in 2012 he also offered a humanitarian argument for outsourcing. Teased for selling dress shirts that were made in Bangladesh, Mr. Trump expressed pride that he was creating jobs around the world. “That’s good, we employ people in Bangladesh,” Mr. Trump said. “They have to work, too. ”",0
7514,"“I feel like these Topshop models are sick of me apologising, but also maybe willing to hear me out”","Next Swipe left/right “I feel like these Topshop models are sick of me apologising, but also maybe willing to hear me out” @Brycoo over on Twitter writes, “I feel like these Topshop models are sick of me apologising, but also maybe willing to hear me out”",0
7515,Recently Leaked Documents Reveal What The Rockefeller’s Knew About UFOs,"Via UsualRoutine “There exists a shadowy government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.” – Senator Daniel K. Inouye, the highest-ranking Asian-American politician in United States history SPONSORED LINKS Scroll Down For Video Below 
One great way to find out is to follow the money, and in doing so, it becomes immediately apparent that corporations sit higher than the government itself. 
“It’s corruption really, the might of money, the corporations that hold governments in their hands, because of lobbying power and so forth, it’s really frightening.” – Jane Goodall ( source ) 
The recognition that we now live in a ‘corporatocracy’ rather than a democracy has become almost a commonplace for many people. Above the corporations (who continually require access to cheap money), however, are the big banks. These groups supply cheap loans to corporation, enabling them to maintain their lobbying power and thus their influence over governmental policy. The banks in question include Chase, Bank of America, and Goldman Sachs, to name a few. 
Above these big banks are the national central banks, like the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve. Above them still are the international central banks — the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank. And finally, above these two is the central bank of central banks, the Bank for International Settlements. 
The Rockefeller and Rothschild families are and have been involved with the creation of this system. If we follow the money, that is precisely where it leads. 
When it comes to the UFO phenomenon, we know that governments have been kept in the dark, that there are developments being made within the “ black budget ” world, most notably within unacknowledged and waived Special Access Programs (SAPs), that ‘world leaders’ know little about. 
“It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.” – Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defence Minister ( source ) 
I think it is a fair assumption to say that information surrounding UFOs and extraterrestrials, along with this “shadow” government, lies within the hands of those who sit atop these major financial institutions — a group of private, international elites. 
“A power has risen up in the government greater than the people themselves, consisting of many, and various, and powerful interests, combined into one mass, and held together by the cohesive power of the vast surplus in the banks.” ( source ) – John C. Calhoun, the 7th Vice President of the United States 
Today, we have no shortage of evidence for the existence of UFOs. In fact, the reality of these objects has been officially verified in the ‘mainstream’ world, as thousands of government documents have been released showing that there are objects in our atmosphere performing impossible maneuvers at unbelievable speeds. The Rockefeller Family and UFOs 
What evidence is available suggesting that the Rockefeller family had information regarding UFOs and possible extraterrestrials? 
We can start with the fact that we now know that Laurence Rockefeller, the prominent third-generation member of the Rockefeller family and the fourth child of John D. Rockefeller, encouraged UFO research. 
How do we know this? 
He heavily supported the work of Harvard University professor, psychologist, and Pultizer prize winner Dr. John Mack, who had a great interest in UFOs and those who have had supposed contact with extraterrestrials. You can learn more about Mack in an article we published earlier this year where he dealt with 60 school children who all witnessed non-human beings and a large craft landing. According to the US National Library of Medicine, Mack’s “disparate personas—from esteemed professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School to social activist and believer in alien abductions—were as incongruent as the extraordinary assemblage of his supporters, who included venture capitalist Laurence Rockefeller. . . .” ( source ) The John E. Mack Institute website also states that Rockefeller funded Mack. 
Peter Sturrock, an Emeritus Professor of Physics, gathered a group of other world-renowned scientists in 1997 to stress the fact that the UFO topic deserves serious attention and is accompanied by physical evidence. The scientists met at the Pocantico Conference Center near Trrytown, New York, and the conference was financially supported by Laurance Rockefeller. ( source )( source ) 
Laurence Rockefeller initiated an effort alongside Hilary Clinton and Bill Clinton encouraging the U.S. government to officially disclose the existence of extraterrestrials and UFOs. It’s what’s known today as the “Rockefeller Initiative,” and you can view all of the documents to and from Laurence Rockefeller to various people regarding this initiative here . They were obtained through the Freedom of Information Act by various researchers, including the Paradigm Research group, who was responsible for the Citizens Hearing on Disclosure, an event that brought together researchers and high ranking military and political personnel to testify about the reality of UFOs and extraterrestrials in front of several former United States congresspeople. You can learn more about that here . ( source ). Laurence has also supported the work of Dr. Steve Greer, head of the disclosure project . 
HERE is a picture with Hillary Clinton meeting with Laurence Rockefeller, holding a book believed to be written by Paul Davies titled, “Are We Alone?” You can see from the information above why it’s not unreasonable to assume this, and we published an article earlier this year explaining how we determined the identity of the book. What’s interesting about this point is the fact that John Podesta, Former White House Chief of Staff under the Clinton Administration, councillor to Barack Obama, and current head of Hilary Clinton’s presidential campaign, has gone on the record stating that: 
I’m skeptical about many things, including the notion that government always knows best, and that the people can’t be trusted with the truth. The time to pull the curtain back on this subject is long overdue. We have statements from the most credible sources – those in a position to know – about a fascinating phenomenon, the nature of which is yet to be determined. (taken from Leslie Kean’s 2010 New York Times bestseller, UFOs: Generals, Pilots, And Government Officials Go On The Record, for which Podesta wrote the forward) 
Podesta also made a live appearance at the National Press Club years before this, stating that “it’s time to open the books on questions that’ve remained in the dark” regarding “government investigations of UFOs.” ( source ) 
So What Exactly Does The Rockefeller Family Know About UFOs? 
As stated earlier, based on my research, I believe that the secrecy surrounding this subject has been dictated by a small group of elite who sit atop the global financial system. I believe this same international group has heavy influence inside the military industrial complex/ black budget , and I believe they are responsible for what President Eisenhower warned us about many years ago — “the acquisition of unwarranted influence whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist.” 
I also believe that information regarding this subject could lie in the hands of people above those who control our global economy/financial systems — with a group that’s completely, one hundred percent clandestine, even possibly beyond the big banks… but who really knows? 
That being said, it’s only possible to find information linking Laurence Rockefeller to UFOs; we don’t have much evidence to suggest his other family members have been involved, but it’s not illogical to assume that given the fact that Anne Bartley, the stepdaughter of Winthorp Rockefeller, was also involved We know he has shown a clear interest in the subject, and, as illustrated above, financed a few prominent people who were studying the subject. It’s clear that Laurence had a heavy interest in this subject and certainly encouraged the disclosure of classified information, as the above information demonstrates. Whether he was doing this out of pure interest or because he and his family were already involved in the cover-up is unclear. Who knows what information he was privy to? Or what the other members of his family knew about the subject? Laurence was the only one to openly take interest in it, but other members of his family could have been working behind the scenes. 
What are your thoughts?",0
7516,California & Oregon Want To Secede From The U.S. After Trump Election,"California & Oregon Want To Secede From The U.S. After Trump Election Nov 12, 2016 2 0 
In what is shaping up to be the beginning of a revolution within the United States, residents from California and now Oregon are wanting to secede from the U.S. after Donald Trump was elected President…and they want Alaska, Hawaii, Nevada and Washington state to join them to create an entirely new country altogether. 
Two days after the Trump election in the U.S. residents in California began a campaign called “ Yes California Independence Campaign ,” which is to initiate the process to officially secede from the U.S. California residents are pushing for secession. 
Ruiz Evans said Yes California intends to launch an initiative that asks Californians whether they believe the state should remain part of the United States or break away on its own. Similar to the Citizens United ballot measure voters approved Tuesday, it would begin as an advisory proposal to kick-start an arduous process. Marcus Ruiz Evans is the vice president of the group and s aid that Californians have a choice : 
“The reason that we’re here today is we wanted to point out to everybody in California that the American system is broken. It’s failing. It’s sinking. You as a Californian have a choice to make: Do you go down with that ship out of tradition or sail on your own?” 
Their website states that Californians should follow Brexit’s lead: In our view, the United States of America represents so many things that conflict with Californian values, and our continued statehood means California will continue subsidizing the other states to our own detriment, and to the detriment of our children. However, this independence referendum is about more than California subsidizing other states of this country. It is about the right to self-determination and the concept of voluntary association, both of which are supported by constitutional and international law. In 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the international community with their “Brexit” vote. Our “Calexit” referendum is about California joining the international community. You have a big decision to make. To add to Calexit’s momentum, an Oregon lawyer has joined the movement and filed the Oregon Secession Act , which has formally invited the states of California, Alaska, Washington, Hawaii and Nevada to secede with them and form a new nation together. The Act was filed by lawyer Jennifer Rollins and writer Christian Trejbal, who said that Oregonian values are no longer the values held by the rest of the United States and that joining with these other states to create a new nation “is a viable way to go forward.” However, just 24 hours after the Act was filed, they withdrew it due to the amount of violence they saw in the streets around the world. Trejbal said that they were receiving death threats and that their movement is not about violent protesting, so it was best to withdraw it at this time. Though Oregon has suspended their secession campaign for now, California’s campaign is growing stronger. With Texas speaking of secession just months ago, we now have the most populated state in the U.S. speaking of secession as well. Regardless of one’s political stance, it is clear to see that the people are growing restless and that something is going to have to give, and give soon. How do you see this playing out? Will California be able to secede and will other states join them? Will the U.S. Congress allow something like this to happen? Will revolution be the result?  ",0
7517,Would-be Ambassador Farage asks EU parliament for character reference,"Tuesday 22 November 2016 by Gary Stanton Would-be Ambassador Farage asks EU parliament for character reference 
Nigel Farage is hopeful that a glowing character reference from the guys in Brussels will clinch him the US Ambassador job. 
The former non-racist UKIP leader has been asked by President-elect, Donald Trump, to provide three good character references from somebody who isn’t a member of, or donor to, UKIP. 
Trump’s spokesman Simon Williams said, “The reference should be from someone who has worked closely with Nigel on a daily basis for more than ten years and who isn’t already married to him. 
“We’re looking for written evidence of Nigel’s willingness to overcome difficulties and work with others in a harmonious way, irrespective of gender, race or creed – although those last three are not that important, obviously. 
“We’ll also check things like his attendance – for things like crucial parliamentary votes. 
“It’s just a formality, really.” 
Farage, meanwhile, insists he is a ‘shoe-in’ for the role after describing himself on his CV as a ‘proactive self-starter who thrives under pressure – from immigration’. 
But former EU parliamentary colleague Herman van Rompuy said, “I’m afraid it is above my pay grade to provide Mr Farage with a reference as, to use his words, I am little more than a jumped-up bank clerk with the charisma of a damp rag.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently witterings below - why not add your own? ",0
7518,Start-Ups Embrace Arbitration to Settle Workplace Disputes - The New York Times,"Tara Zoumer thought she had found her dream job when she was hired at WeWork, a $16 billion   that rents office space to young entrepreneurs. The walls were adorned with Pop Art. Neon light fixtures encouraged employees to “Hustle harder,” and there was beer on tap. “It was like walking onto a set of a movie,” Ms. Zoumer said. But shortly after she became an associate community manager in WeWork’s office in Berkeley, Calif. reality set in. Ms. Zoumer said she was feeling pinched because her annual salary was only $42, 000, a sum that, on some weeks, left her without money to ride the subway. She said she thought many of her duties  —   leading tours for prospective tenants, tidying up, answering phones and changing the kegs  —   were more suited to an hourly wage with a possibility for overtime. Ms. Zoumer tried to enlist colleagues to file what she hoped would be a   lawsuit to fight for overtime pay. But the company had instituted a policy that could force employees to ultimately resolve disputes through arbitration instead of the courts, which essentially shut down Ms. Zoumer’s lawsuit, since arbitration bars individuals from joining in a class action. When Ms. Zoumer refused to sign the new policy, she was fired. As     like WeWork grow  —   the company’s work force has swelled to 1, 500 from 300 a year ago  —   they are taking a page from the playbook of big corporations, which are increasingly using arbitration to thwart employees from bringing any meaningful legal challenge in court, an investigation by The New York Times found last fall. Uber and Lyft, the   services, make their drivers sign an arbitration clause. Square, the mobile payment processor, also requires that employees agree to bring disputes to arbitration. In advice to   Brotman Law, a tax firm in San Diego, promotes the benefits of arbitration for “companies doing business over the Internet,” emphasizing that it “can save significant costs. ” Amazon and Google also use arbitration to resolve disputes with customers. Far from burying its arbitration clause in its employment contracts, WeWork is proud of its policy. The company’s top executives said they thought that by adopting an arbitration clause as part of a broader dispute resolution program, they were staying true to their principles, which prize all levels of employees as members of a single community. WeWork says its employees are eligible for bonuses and equity in the company in addition to their salaries. “We want to show the world that this works,” Jennifer Berrent, WeWork’s general counsel and chief culture officer, a recently created position, said of the dispute resolution program. For    —   many of which began in Silicon Valley  —   the clauses can seem to conflict with professed goals of upending business as usual and being open with employees. Arbitration, by its very nature, is a secretive process that is often lopsided in favor of the employer. That secrecy, federal labor officials said, can allow widespread problems to persist because the process bars employees from sharing their experiences with others who might be in similar positions. “They give their young workers   tables and take away their constitutional rights,” said Cliff Palefsky, an employment and civil rights lawyer in San Francisco. This month, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposed a rule that would limit financial companies from using arbitration to prevent their customers from filing   lawsuits. But the rule does not apply to arbitration used in employment disputes. As Silicon Valley companies grow from small   into major employers, their labor practices are coming into focus. Despite the popular image that the industry is predominantly made up of nerdy millionaires, many of these growing companies depend increasingly on   employees. And with some technology companies now working harder to raise money, there are growing pressures on these companies from investors to cut costs  —   pressures that can fall disproportionately on the workers at the lower rungs. At WeWork, Ms. Berrent said, arbitration is part of a multistep process to resolve disputes. The company adopted the policy after months of discussion about how to deal most fairly with complaints. At the outset of the process, WeWork requires employees to raise any complaints with their managers. If that does not work, the employee and WeWork must try mediation. Only if that fails does the issue go before an arbitrator, whose decision is binding. Ms. Berrent said this process was in keeping with the company’s values, settling problems “through open collaboration” rather than the courts. She confirmed that Ms. Zoumer was fired for not signing the arbitration clause. She said the employees who hold the job that Ms. Zoumer used to have were the “soul” of the company and its “brand ambassadors. ” She said they performed tasks that were far from menial and were not suited to an hourly wage. Ms. Berrent also notes that while lawsuits are both costly for the employee and confrontational, the company pays for arbitration no matter who wins. Unprotected by an arbitration clause, companies can face litigation that could result in huge settlements. The drug company Novartis paid $175 million to settle a   suit brought by female employees over promotions and pay. And more than money can be at stake Nike had to overhaul its business practices after   employees sued over discrimination. At large corporations, many employees have come to expect the clauses as standard. But those working at smaller firms that claimed to treat their employees like family tend to be surprised when they collide with one. When Kevin Ziober, a Navy reservist in Costa Mesa, Calif. first joined BLB Resources, which manages foreclosed properties, the company was just beginning Mr. Ziober was the 18th person hired. Mr. Ziober had already been at the company for several months when he was asked to sign the arbitration policy in January 2011. He did so without a second thought. It was a decision he would regret. In the fall of 2012, he informed BLB Resources that he was being deployed to Afghanistan. On his last day, the company threw him a farewell party, complete with a cake shaped like an American flag. “I was on Cloud 9,” Mr. Ziober said, recalling how he phoned his family to tell them about the party. That afternoon, as Mr. Ziober said he was packing up his cubicle, he was called into the human resources office and was “summarily” fired, according to his legal appeal. The reason for his termination, the company said, was that he was not being included in a federal contract that the company was applying for. In a statement, BLB said the decision not to include Mr. Ziober in the contract occurred months before he informed the company that he was being deployed. The statement added that BLB had offered to allow Mr. Ziober to work on the remainder of his existing contract if he returned in time from his deployment. In 2014, after returning from Afghanistan, he sued BLB Resources for violating a federal law, known informally as Userra, that protects the jobs of service members while they are deployed. A California judge ruled that he would have to take his claim to arbitration. Mr. Ziober’s lawyer, Peter   has appealed the case, arguing that Userra preserves the rights of service members to go to court. BLB said in a statement that “the company is extremely disappointed about Mr. Ziober’s allegations and denies them wholeheartedly. ” With their appeal, Mr. Ziober has waded into an intense battle playing out across the country. In Washington, a group of bipartisan lawmakers introduced a bill in 2014 that would exempt service members from having to take claims of wrongful auto repossession or improper debt collection to arbitration. An almost identical bill was quashed after intense lobbying by big banks and credit card companies, never making it out of committee. A bill in California that would have prevented companies from requiring employees to sign arbitration clauses suffered a similar fate when Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed it last year. The legislative skirmishes point to just how valuable arbitration has become to companies and just how far they will go to defend it. Despite WeWork’s arbitration requirement, Ms. Zoumer decided to sue the company on her own, hoping she would prevail in overturning the clause. Ms. Zoumer’s lawyer, Ramsey Hanafi, filed her case in December over wrongful termination and unfair labor practices, and Boies, Schiller  Flexner, a top corporate defense firm, is representing WeWork. Ms. Zoumer, 31, said she knew she was taking a risk when she challenged WeWork over arbitration. She told the company she needed at least a week to review the policy before deciding whether to sign it. In an email to colleagues, she encouraged them to do the same, citing The Times’s investigation into arbitration. Ms. Berrent said Ms. Zoumer was the only employee who refused to sign other than two employees who had planned to leave the company anyway. Ultimately, no other employees joined Ms. Zoumer’s lawsuit. “Younger people don’t want to pick fights, but we are losing our rights,” Ms. Zoumer said.",0
7519,Rio Olympics: Claressa Shields Punches Her Way to Second Gold Medal - The New York Times,"Hundreds of athletes at the Rio Games showed the many ways to celebrate winning an Olympic medal. This was Claressa Shields’s on Sunday: She dropped to one knee after her middleweight boxing bout and quickly sprang to her feet. Then she kept moving  —   cartwheeling, laughing, running laps around the ring, the American flag billowing like a parasail over her head. She swayed to some internal music as she waited to step onto the podium. On the final day of the Summer Games, Shields won one of the last gold medals for the United States and became the first American boxer since 1904 to win two Olympic golds. “You know not everybody can be an Olympic gold medalist,” she said. “I’m a   Olympic gold medalist. Oh my god, I can’t believe I just said that. ” Shields, who won gold in London four years ago, nearly shut out her opponent Sunday in the   bout, Nouchka Fontijn of the Netherlands. All three judges scored the first three rounds   in Shields’s favor. One judge gave her the fourth as well, while the other two went   for Fontijn. In the first round, Fontijn looked like a boxer with a plan. She was relaxed and confident, using her height advantage and long arms to counter and to keep Shields at a distance. Shields exploded forward several times, heaving big right hands. Shields glided in behind her triple jab. It wasn’t until seconds before the bell, however, that any of them landed flush. “I told her that was very close,” said the American coach Billy Walsh. “I’m not sure whether we got this round or not. We gotta close her down a bit more, start working a bit more, use your jab a bit more. Put that right hand over the top. ” Shields got the message and started driving home her punches in in round two. She also began slipping Fontijn’s shots. Fontijn circled and jabbed, but Shields, determined, kept stalking her to the end of round three. Up by three rounds, Shields came out to play in the fourth. She crouched low and shimmied backward, luring Fontijn with her hands down. She danced and goaded, ducking nearly every shot Fontijn threw. She landed two hard right hands, and waved Fontijn in. “I hit you with a hard shot, hit me back,” she said later, recalling the moment. “I want to see if you can hit me. ” Shields landed one more left hook as the final bell rung. Shields accepted her Rio Games medal and then pulled out the gold medal she won in London, and hung it around her neck alongside the new one. The favorite Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya won the Olympic marathon on Sunday, drawing away over the final four miles to win in 2 hours 8 minutes 44 seconds. Feyisa Lilesa of Ethiopia took second in 2:09:54, while Galen Rupp of the United States won the bronze medal in 2:10:05, his personal best. Kenya swept both marathons at the Rio Games. Jemima Sumgong won the women’s 26.  race, becoming the first Kenyan woman to win a gold medal in the event. Caster Semenya of South Africa, whose body has been subjected to indelicate and unrelenting public scrutiny for years, won her first Olympic gold medal on Saturday at the Rio Games. Semenya won the 800 meters by a comfortable margin, in 1 minute 55. 28 seconds. While her performances tend to carry the weight of an issue that transcends sports, those looking for undeniable athletics excellence Saturday night were rewarded: her runaway victory solidified her standing as one of the best   runners of her generation. Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi was second in 1:56. 49, and Margaret Wambui of Kenya was third in 1:56. 89. When Semenya, then 18, dominated the 800 at the 2009 world track and field championships, winning by more than two seconds, a fellow competitor called her a man, setting off a   debate over how sports officials should navigate the complicated question of how to determine an athlete’s sex. The questioning of Semenya’s success led to a policy enacted in 2011 by the I. A. A. F. the sport’s governing body, that restricted the permitted levels of testosterone, which occur naturally high in some women. That condition is called hyperandrogenism. With that policy in effect, Semenya won silver at the 2012 London Games. Last year, the Court of Arbitration for Sport, the   high court for international sport, suspended track and field’s testosterone policy for two years. The court said it had been “unable to conclude that hyperandrogenic female athletes may benefit from such a significant performance advantage that it is necessary to exclude them from competing in the female category. ” • Mo Farah of Britain added the   gold to the one he earned in the 10, 000. In the 1, 500, American Matthew Centrowitz upset Asbel Kiprop of Kenya to win the gold. • The United States concluded the final night of track and field with two commanding relay performances, raising the country’s   tally to 43. The women’s   team  —   Courtney Okolo, Natasha Hastings, Phyllis Francis and Allyson Felix  —   outran Jamaica (silver) and Britain (bronze) with a time of 3:19. 06. Felix, who ran the anchor leg, now has six gold medals the night before she became the first woman in the sport to win five. The only American female Olympian with more golds is the swimmer Jenny Thompson, who won eight. LaShawn Merritt ran the anchor for the United States in the men’s 4x400, creating a big gap between the Americans and   Jamaica. Arman Hall, Tony McQuay, Gil Roberts and Merritt finished in 2:57. 30. With only the men’s marathon remaining, on Sunday morning, the United States track team has collected 31 total medals, including 13 golds. • In the men’s soccer final, Brazil got a measure of revenge on Germany, winning the gold medal on penalties after a   draw. Germany had embarrassed Brazil in the 2014 World Cup semifinal,  . Here’s our game story. • The American Gwen Jorgensen of the United States has won the last two world championships in the triathlon, but she had some unfinished Olympic business after a flat tire on her bike doomed her to 38th place at the London Games. The wheels stayed intact this time, and Jorgensen won the gold medal. The United States women’s basketball team extended their gold medal streak to six by beating Spain,  . Here’s our story. • The boxer Shakur Stevenson of Newark lost his bantamweight title match against Cuba’s Robeisy Ramírez. Stevenson, who was named after the rapper Tupac Shakur, was trying to win the first gold medal for the United States in men’s boxing since Andre Ward in 2004. • The   major winner Inbee Park of South Korea won the first gold medal in women’s golf since 1900. Five strokes back was Lydia Ko of New Zealand, and Feng Shanshan of China won the bronze. • The defending champion, American David Boudia, grabbed another medal in men’s platform diving, this time a bronze. The winner was Chen Aisen from the strong Chinese diving team.",0
7520,Jon Stewart on Media Covering Trump: ’I Say Stop Your Whining’ - Breitbart,"Monday on CBS’s “The Late Show,” former Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” host Jon Stewart criticized the media for what deemed to be “whining” about President Donald Trump’s treatment of them.  Stewart described the media as having an obsession over “Donny,” referring to Trump. “You know what I say? I say stop your whining,” Stewart said. “You finally thought you met your match  —   a blabbermouth who’s as   and narcissistic as you are. Well, now it’s over. Good riddance, I say! Kick him to the curb. ” “It is time for you to get your groove back, media,” he added. “You’ve let yourself go over the past few years  —   put on a few pundits, obsessing 24 hours a day, seven days a week about this one guy. ‘What’s Donny up to? Did he say anything about us? Do you think he’s going to come on our show? Do you think he even likes us? He doesn’t even have to come on. He can just call. Oh, Donny please, let us know you’re OK.’ And the whole time you’re chasing after Donny, the rest of us are thinking, ‘Can’t you see he’s an asshole? ’” (  The Hill) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
7521,North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile a Day Before U.S.-China Summit - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   North Korea fired a ballistic missile off its east coast on Wednesday, a day before President Trump was to host his Chinese counterpart, President Xi Jinping, at his    estate in Florida for their first summit meeting. The missile test is likely to intensify differences between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi over how to deal with the recalcitrant government in North Korea. The timing is also a deep embarrassment for Mr. Xi as the leader of China, which for decades has been the North’s closest ally. China accounts for about 90 percent of the North’s trade and is a major supplier of oil for the country. But in the eyes of Washington, China has been reluctant to use its economic leverage forcibly enough to stop the North’s growing nuclear and missile threats. “The United States has spoken enough about North Korea,” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said in a statement. “We have no further comment. ” There was no immediate reaction from state news media in China. Mr. Xi was in Finland when the test was carried out. In Seoul, the South Korean capital, acting President Hwang   ordered a meeting of security cabinet ministers to assess the test and the North’s growing missile menace. The missile took off from Sinpo, a town on North Korea’s east coast, and flew 37 miles before splashing into the sea, the South Korean military said in a statement. Initial assessments indicated that the type of missile was a   said Cmdr. David Benham of the Navy, a spokesman for the United States Pacific Command.   is the name the United States uses to refer to the   a new     ballistic missile North Korea launched for the first time in February. The February missile test took place while Mr. Trump was hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan at his    club. “The North American Aerospace Defense Command determined the missile launch from North Korea did not pose a threat to North America,” Mr. Benham said, referring to the missile launched on Wednesday. It was the first test from North Korea since a launch on March 22. That test was considered a failure, with the projectile exploding within seconds of launching, according to American and South Korean defense authorities. But by launching a missile on Wednesday, North Korea apparently sought to pull attention to its growing missile and nuclear weapons threats a day before the United   summit meeting. To Mr. Trump, the test is a new reminder that North Korea’s leader, Kim   is determined to develop a   missile that can one day carry a nuclear warhead across the Pacific. Before the summit meeting, Mr. Trump increased pressure on China, saying that it was time for Beijing to rein in its Communist ally. In an interview with The Financial Times published on Sunday, he said, “If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. ” But he did not say how. But China has insisted that the United States should   the North in dialogue to work out a compromise. Analysts say that despite its irritation with North Korea’s nuclear programs, China does not want to destabilize its government, for fear that it might set off open conflict on the Korean Peninsula that would unleash a flood of refugees into northeastern China. Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi will probably use another missile test by the North to stress the merits of their conflicting approaches on the North. North Korea has conducted a series of nuclear and   tests since 2006 in an effort to develop a small and sophisticated nuclear warhead and an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching targets as far away as the United States. North Korea rattled the region in February when it successfully launched the  . That missile uses a   technology that American experts say will make it easier for the country to hide its arsenal in its numerous tunnels and launch its missiles on very short notice. Then, on March 6, the North launched four ballistic missiles into the sea near Japan. By firing the four missiles simultaneously, North Korea tried to flaunt an ability to launch multiple missiles at American bases in Japan and at American aircraft carriers around the Korean Peninsula, South Korean defense officials said. The ability to launch a barrage of missiles increases the chances of breaching antimissile defenses. Largely because of North Korea’s missile and nuclear tests and Mr. Kim’s bellicose talk, the government in Seoul agreed to a United States proposal to put an antimissile system in South Korea. The deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or Thaad, began last month, and the announcement was made a day after the launch of the four missiles. China, which had long considered the system a threat to its own security and strongly opposed it, warned that the deployment, in Seongju, South Korea, could set off a new arms race. China’s   news media, in angry editorials, urged boycotts of South Korean products, which led to protests against South Korean businesses in China and canceled tours to South Korea. The Thaad system has not won universal approval within South Korea. Moon   a liberal candidate running to replace the ousted conservative president, Park   has expressed misgivings over the Thaad system, citing China’s fury.",0
7522,The Homo Economicus Straw Man,"Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/homo-economicus-straw-man/ 
To understand the marketplace, it is not necessary to believe in the existence of a selfish, profit-maximizing human. 10:24 am on October 28, 2016",0
7523,Tear Gas Attack On Hamburg Metro Injures 50,"Unknown attackers launched a tear gas attack on a train in Hamburg that reports say has injured at least six and affected 50 people and led to a massive police presence at the Hamburg train station. [At 6:55 pm Friday evening passengers on a train in Hamburg on the   line 11 were subjected to a tear gas attack by two young men affecting 50 including a    girl. Paramedics and police arrived on the scene to treat the passengers of the train for various ailments including respiratory injured German paper Bild reports.  The attack occurred just before the train reached Sternschanze station in the centre of Hamburg and upon arriving all passengers fled into the station to escape the gas. #Hamburg  —     von Unbekannten in    mit rund 50 Fahrgästen! #BahnhofSternschanze pic. twitter.   —   Thomas Knoop (@Thomas_BILDde) March 10, 2017,  Federal police at the train station said that the perpetrators were likely two young men who had fled the scene. Rüdiger Carstens, spokesman for the federal police said, “The recordings of the surveillance cameras were secured. The investigations continue. ” Less than a month ago Hamburg airport had to be partially evacuated as the result of a similar attack. In that attack, an unknown toxin was released through the airport’s ventilation system and it led to 68 people needing treatment for irritated eyes and breathing difficulties.  #Hamburg  —   Trost für geschocktes Mädchen (3) nach  . Retter @FeuerwehrHH überreicht Handschuh als Luftballon! #Sternschanze pic. twitter.   —   Thomas Knoop (@Thomas_BILDde) March 10, 2017,  The Hamburg metro system also saw an attack on a woman earlier this year when a Morrocan migrant pushed her onto the train tracks of the subway. The    woman was pushed by the    and was knocked out due to the fall from the platform. Before the attack CCTV footage revealed the    attempted to rob the woman.   The attack also follows a 24 hour period which has seen an axe attack on a train and at the main railway station in Dusseldorf and a machete attack that injured an   man in Dusseldorf earlier on Friday.   Correction: Due to a translation error, the original version of this article said 50 people were injured. In fact 50 people on the train were affected and at least six people are known to have been injured so far.",0
7524,A combat veteran with PTSD wasn’t allowed to fly with her service dog. So she sued.,"  A combat veteran with PTSD wasn’t allowed to fly with her service dog. So she sued.   30, 2016 PTSD 
By Peter Holley 
Lisa McCombs, a decorated Army veteran who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, claims she’d never had any trouble flying with her service dog, a Labrador retriever named Jake. 
That changed one year ago, when she was barred from boarding a regional American Airlines flight with Jake, who was wearing his service vest and was properly documented at the time, according to a federal lawsuit. 
McCombs suffers from PTSD and relies on her dog to calm her anxiety and panic before it overwhelms her. 
But as she waited to board her return flight from Manhattan, Kansas, an airline agent approached her and asked “in a condescending tone, ‘ummm, are you going to fly with that ?’” the suit states. 
  www.washingtonpost.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The   30,    ",0
7525,The Zika Virus Is Harmless - It Does Not Cause Birth Defects - We Told You So,"October 27, 2016 The Zika Virus Is Harmless - It Does Not Cause Birth Defects - We Told You So 
After nearly a year of causing hysteria, mass travel cancellations and unnecessary abortions it finally daunts to ""journalists"" and ""experts"" that the Zika virus is harmless. It can cause a very minor flue - two days of a low fever and uncomfortable feeling for a quarter of those infected - that is all. It does not cause, as was claimed by sensationalists in the media and various self-serving ""scientists"", birth defects like microcephaly. 
We told you so. 
The piece refereed to a Congressional Research Service report and various sound scientific papers. It concluded: There is absolutely no sane reason for the scary headlines and the panic they cause. 
The virus is harmless. It is possible, but seems for now very unlikely, that it affects some unborn children. There is absolutely no reason to be concerned about it. 
The artificial media panic continued and huge amounts of money were poured into dangerous insecticides to kill mosquitoes (and important pollinators) that did not do any harm. Indeed, generous use of some of these insecticides likely were the very cause of a blip in microencephaly cases in northeastern Brazil. 
In March we wrote: Reading About Zika May Hurt Your Brain . 
We listed 35 ""news"" headlines about potential catastrophes related to a Zika epidemic. The common factor - all those headlines included the miraculous little word may . The pieces were pure speculations though some quoted this or that ""expert"" who was hunting for new research funds or lobbying for some pharmaceutical or pesticide conglomerate. 
In June we added: Zika Virus Does Not Cause Birth Defects - Fighting It Probably Does . 
New serious research found what some people in Brazil had suspected from the very start of the small and strictly locally limited jump in microencephaly cases in Brazil: [D]octors in the Zika affected areas in Brazil pointed out that the real cause of somewhat increased microcephaly in the region was probably the insecticide pyriproxyfen, used to kill mosquito larvae in drinking water: The Brazilian doctors noted that the areas of northeast Brazil that had witnessed the greatest number of microcephaly cases match with areas where pyriproxyfen is added to drinking water in an effort to combat Zika-carrying mosquitoes . Pyriproxyfen is reported to cause malformations in mosquito larvae, and has been added to drinking water in the region for the past 18 months. 
Pyriproxyfen is produced by a Sumitomo Chemical - an important Japanese poison giant. It was therefore unsurprising that the New York Times and others called the doctors report a ""conspiracy theory"" and trotted out some ""experts"" to debunk it.... But [s]cientist at the New England Complex Systems Institute also researched the pyriproxyfen thesis. They found : Pyriproxifen is an analog of juvenile hormone, which corresponds in mammals to regulatory molecules including retinoic acid, a vitamin A metabolite, with which it has cross-reactivity and whose application during development causes microcephaly . ...[T]ests of pyriproxyfen by the manufacturer, Sumitomo, widely quoted as giving no evidence for developmental toxicity, actually found some evidence for such an effect , including low brain mass and arhinencephaly—incomplete formation of the anterior cerebral hemispheres—in rat pups. Finally, the pyriproxyfen use in Brazil is unprecedented—it has never before been applied to a water supply on such a scale. ... Given this combination of information we strongly recommend that the use of pyriproxyfen in Brazil be suspended pending further investigation. 
Today the Washington Post finally admits that the Zika virus does not cause birth defects: [T]o the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil. 
Instead, Zika has left a puzzling and distinctly uneven pattern of damage across the Americas. According to the latest U.N. figures, of the 2,175 babies born in the past year with undersize heads or other congenital neurological damage linked to Zika, more than 75 percent have been clustered in a single region: northeastern Brazil. 
The localities where the flue virus occurred outside of a small area in Brazil saw no increase in birth defect numbers. The number of (naturally occurring) microcephality cases stayed constant despite a large increase in (harmless) Zika virus infections. The numbers in Brazil also turned out to be partially inflated because of a lack of standard diagnosis criteria and unreliable statistics. A factor we had pointed to in our very first piece. 
The WaPo piece today muses about several ""possible"" causes for the local increase in cases in northeastern Brazil that indeed happened. It quotes some of the very ""experts"", like from the pharmaceutical industry influenced CDC, that were wrong on the issue since the first panic headline. It strenuously avoids to even mention the most likely cause - the excessive local use of an insecticide that is supposed to cause birth defects - in developing mosquitoes. Thus the reporting is still void of journalistic ethics and irresponsible in its conclusions. 
It did not take much effort to get this right. An hour or two of skimming through publicly available sources of good standing, some basic higher education and sound reasoning was enough. But instead of doing such basic inquiries ""journalists"" and media ""served"" panic and speculations by biased ""experts"". Keep this story in mind for the next sensationalist onslaught of panic headline. There surely will be some ""interests"" behind those; just don't expect unbiased facts and basic logic reasoning. Posted by b on October 27, 2016 at 06:49 AM | Permalink",0
7526,Wealthy Donors Dangle a Huge Payday in Front of U.S. Wrestlers - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   For most athletes at the Olympics, a gold, silver or bronze medal is the ultimate payoff for years of training and sacrifice. But when the American wrestlers take to the mats at the Rio Games, they stand to head home with a lot of green, too. One wrestler could earn half a million dollars for winning a second consecutive gold medal, and his teammates could also take home substantial earnings for finishing first, second or third, making their potential paydays the envy of athletes not named Phelps or Bolt. The bonuses would come courtesy of a fraternity of   former wrestlers, several of whom happen to have made it big on Wall Street. Together, they have endowed wrestling to a degree that other Olympic sports can only dream about. In other words, they are rich and obsessed. Chief among them are Michael E. Novogratz, a private equity tycoon who wrestled at Princeton, and David Barry, who wrestled at Columbia and is the president of Ironstate Development Company. They aim to give a lift to a sport that was nearly booted from the Olympic program several years ago. “Wrestlers have to cobble enough to live on to train for four or eight years, so winning $250, 000 is nice,” Novogratz said. “They can use it as nest eggs. ” Jordan Burroughs received $250, 000 for winning a freestyle wrestling gold medal in the   ( ) division at the London Games four years ago and would receive $500, 000 for successfully defending his title at the Rio Games. He used his London payoff to buy a house and pay for his wedding, among other things. “It’s great any time you get an extra incentive, in addition to being the strongest man on the planet,” said Burroughs, who has received $415, 000 for his Olympic and world championship medals since 2011. “There’s not a lot of money floating around in the sport, so it’s key for us to compete at our best in the Olympic Games. ” The rewards offset the lack of endorsement deals and American government funding for the Olympians. While the Olympics once celebrated amateurism, nowadays the biggest names at the Games  —   like Michael Phelps in swimming, the Jamaican Usain Bolt in track and the American Kerri Walsh Jennings in beach volleyball  —   are able to secure   endorsement deals after winning Olympic gold. At least in the United States, wrestling has few household names, and wrestlers, like athletes in other   Olympic sports, must make do with far less. Participation in collegiate wrestling has been in decline for years, and those wrestlers interested in staying in the sport have had little choice but to join World Wrestling Entertainment, which is orchestrated, or mixed martial arts, where the action is far from the ancient grappling at wrestling’s roots. In 2009, Novogratz and Barry   an existing but modest fund, which they rebranded the Living the Dream Medal Fund. It helps wrestlers continue wrestling and motivates others to keep trying. They then recruited   former wrestlers with deep pockets, including Andrew F. Barth, a portfolio manager at Capital Group who wrestled at Columbia James G. Dinan, the founder and chief executive of York Capital Management, who has sons who wrestle and David H McCormick, who wrestled at West Point and is the president of the hedge fund Bridgewater Associates. So deep is their passion for the sport that they sprinkle discussion of financial trades with wrestling jargon like “takedown” and “pin. ” “You have to find someone who’s wealthy and loves wrestling,” Novogratz said. “They’re out there, but you have to find them. It’s like being an ancient Spartan, doing the right thing. ” So far, the fund has dispersed $1. 225 million to male and female wrestlers who have won medals at the Olympics and the world championships, a windfall on top of the prize money from the United States Olympic Committee  —   which pays $25, 000 to gold medalists, $15, 000 to silver medalists and $10, 000 to bronze medalists  —   and from U. S. A. Wrestling, which pays smaller amounts. The Living the Dream fund poured in tens of thousands of dollars more, bringing the total prize money to $250, 000 for an Olympic gold, $50, 000 for a silver and $25, 000 for a bronze. “We wanted something that would be an   number,” Barry, an   League wrestler at Columbia, said. “We wanted to celebrate the spirit of competition. ” The gold mine dwarfs what federations in other Olympic sports pay American medalists. Rowers who win medals, for instance, receive awards only from the United States Olympic Committee, while U. S. A. Shooting divided $198, 000 among the four American medalists in London. Backed by sponsors like Nike, BMW and Visa, U. S. A. Track  Field expects to pay its Olympians a total of about $3 million this year. Each of the 129 athletes who made it to Rio was paid $10, 000, and another $1. 3 million in bonuses was paid based on where they finished at the Olympic trials. Medalists in Rio will earn even more. On an individual basis, though, Burroughs and Jake Varner hit the jackpot at the London Games four years ago: They each received $250, 000 for winning a gold medal. Two other wrestlers won $25, 000 for placing third. (The awards for medals at the world championships are far smaller.) Novogratz was so excited about Burroughs’s and Varner’s wins in 2012 that he offered to double the prize if either wrestler won another gold medal in Rio. Varner, who won in London at   (211 pounds) did not qualify for these Olympics, but on Aug. 18, Burroughs has a chance to earn $500, 000 for one day’s work. As Burroughs tells it, after he graduated from the University of Nebraska, he was scraping by until he won gold at the world championships in 2011 and then struck gold in London. Winning a second Olympic gold, in Rio, would help him continue wrestling through 2020, when the Summer Games will be in Tokyo. Burroughs tries to remain modest about his achievements, but he said it was only fair that he and other wrestlers were rewarded given their long workouts, the injuries they face and the other sacrifices they make. “I consider myself one of the best athletes in the world, and there’s a little bit of anger and jealousy to athletes in other sports who perhaps put in a fraction of the work as wrestlers,” he said. The spoils can be even more lavish in countries like Russia, where wrestling medalists can receive apartments, cars and national acclaim. But even they have taken note of the prize money available to Americans, said Elena Pirozhkova, who as a child moved to the United States from Russia and will wrestle in Rio for the United States. “Everybody talks about it, and I can speak Russian, and they’re always asking what the U. S. pays,” she said. Pirozhkova, who will compete at   (139 pounds) and Burroughs said they occasionally thought about the potential payday and how the money could change their lives, but they have to block out those thoughts once their matches begin. “Wrestling is such a tricky sport,” said Pirozhkova, who has used her $65, 000 from the fund to help her mother buy a house. “Everything has to be fast. Your life can change in a couple of hours. ”",0
7527,Thai Leader Links Attacks on Tourist Sites to Constitution Change - The New York Times,"MANILA  —   The head of the Thai junta urged his countrymen on Friday to have patience while investigators determine who was behind a wave of deadly bombings in Thailand this week. Gen. Prayuth   the junta chief and prime minister, hinted that the perpetrators were “bad people” opposed to a new Constitution that was approved by voters on Sunday in a nationwide referendum. “There are still bad people, and they have been acting since before the referendum,” he said in an address to the nation. The bombings in five provinces on Thursday and Friday, including in Phuket and Hua Hin, areas popular with tourists, killed four people and wounded dozens. The authorities said arson attacks elsewhere in the country appeared to be related. Analysts said the bombings did not appear to be aimed at killing many, but rather at damaging the tourism industry, a bright spot in Thailand’s economy. “Whatever the motives are, the explosions and arson attacks undermine the junta’s claim that the   situation would be stable,” said Sunai Phasuk, a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch. “These attacks create effects that discredit the authorities, terrorize the public and harm the   economy. ” The police have portrayed the attacks as “local sabotage,” not as terrorism. The timing and location of the attacks carried strong political symbolism. The bombings occurred as people prepared to celebrate the birthday of Queen Sirikit on Friday, which is considered Mother’s Day in Thailand. Four bombs struck the royal residential town of Hua Hin, about 125 miles from Bangkok. The police there detained two men for questioning on Friday in connection with the attacks, Reuters reported. The   Constitution will diminish the influence of political parties and give greater power to the military even after it returns the government to civilian control. The junta ensured its victory by preventing opponents from campaigning against it. Murray Hiebert, an expert on Southeast Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, noted the military’s suspicion that the attacks had been carried out by people disgruntled over the vote. The bombings were “clearly coordinated but obviously intended to create fear and anxiety rather than massive damage and deaths and injuries,” he said. Last year, a bombing in Bangkok killed 20, most of them tourists from China. Thai officials attributed the bombing to Uighur militants angry over the return of more than 100 Uighurs to China. General Prayuth, who has led the junta since a 2014 coup ousted a civilian government, said this week’s bombings “hurt the hearts” of the Thai people. “Why now, when the country is getting better, the economy is getting better, and tourism is getting better?” he said. “We have to ask why, and who did it. ”",0
7528,"Ken Thompson, Brooklyn District Attorney, Says He Has Cancer and Will Take Leave - The New York Times","Ken Thompson, the Brooklyn district attorney, said on Tuesday that he had recently learned he has cancer and would take a sick leave. Mr. Thompson said in a statement that his chief assistant, Eric Gonzalez, would take over as interim district attorney during “the absences occasioned” his “treatment and recovery. ” “As a man of intense faith, I intend to fight and win the battle against this disease,” Mr. Thompson said. “I humbly seek your sincere prayers as I confront this challenge and respectfully ask that you honor my family’s need and wish for privacy during this time. ” Mr. Thompson has been absent from his office for about two months, and had received the cancer diagnosis around August, according to colleagues who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Neither his spokesmen nor several of his friends would disclose what type of cancer Mr. Thompson has. The news of his illness comes three years after he was elected, becoming Brooklyn’s first black district attorney. He defeated Charles J. Hynes, an incumbent of more than 20 years who had been weakened by accusations of favoritism toward political supporters in Brooklyn’s Orthodox Jewish community, and of allegations of   improprieties. Mr. Thompson, 50, a Democrat, had previously had a successful private law practice he represented Nafissatou Diallo, a Manhattan hotel housekeeper who, in 2011, accused the French politician Dominique   of sexually assaulting her in a case that was eventually dropped by the Manhattan district attorney’s office. Mr. Thompson had also worked as a federal prosecutor in Brooklyn and delivered a memorable opening argument at the trial of Justin Volpe, a police officer who pleaded guilty in 1999 to torturing a Haitian immigrant, Abner Louima, with a broken broomstick in a Brooklyn station house. Having run on an agenda of reform and racial justice, Mr. Thompson, once in office, earned a reputation as both an advocate for minority communities in a section of the city known for its divisions between black and white residents and, simultaneously, as a tough   officer who concentrated on cracking down on gun crimes and violent street gangs. Brushing aside the resistance of the New York Police Department, he announced in July 2014 that his office would stop prosecuting most   marijuana arrests. He also put in place an amnesty program for people with outstanding warrants. Among his   efforts was the creation of one of the country’s most robust internal units dedicated to reviewing wrongful convictions, which in the past two years has exonerated 20 defendants. Perhaps the biggest case of his tenure was the prosecution of Peter Liang, a former police officer who was found guilty in February of manslaughter in the shooting of an unarmed black man, Akai Gurley, in the stairwell of a Brooklyn housing project. The shooting, which took place just days before a Staten Island grand jury elected not to indict an officer involved in the choking death of Eric Garner, placed enormous pressure on Mr. Thompson, who had to balance his campaign promises to Brooklyn’s black neighborhoods with his close working relationship with the Police Department. Though he did not shy away from mounting an aggressive case against Mr. Liang, after the trial was over Mr. Thompson decided, in Solomonic fashion, to seek no prison time for the former officer, a move that enraged Mr. Gurley’s family and led to bitter protests by   reform activists. One took place early in the morning outside Mr. Thompson’s home in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. For weeks, Mr. Thompson’s illness had been a closely guarded secret, known only to a small circle of friends and associates. On Tuesday, public officials such as Mayor Bill de Blasio and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo issued statements wishing him well. In an email on Tuesday, Douglas H. Wigdor, the   of Mr. Thompson’s private practice, said, “As Ken’s former partner for over 15 years, I have no doubt that he will tackle his illness with the same determination that he has shared with his clients, the people of Brooklyn and, most importantly, his family. ” Another close friend, Arnold N. Kriss, a lawyer who has served as an adviser to Mr. Thompson over the years, said: “Ken is doing a remarkable job rebuilding the Brooklyn D. A.’s office. There is no doubt he will successfully continue to fight his illness and, at the same time, fight for the people of Brooklyn. ”",0
7529,Inquisitive Child Inspires Her Tutor to Start a New Path - The New York Times,"An innocent question posed by a young girl led Naivon Lake Jr. to chart out a new course in his life. He was at an internship last December, tutoring at an elementary school, when a student addressed Mr. Lake’s supervisor. “Naivon is smart, right?” the girl had asked. Mr. Lake’s supervisor chuckled and replied that he would not be there otherwise. “If Naivon is smart, why isn’t he in college?” the girl said. Mr. Lake overheard the conversation, words that rattled him and knocked him into a moment of introspection and unexpected clarity. “I’m not a hypocrite,” Mr. Lake, 20, said. “If I’m telling her, ‘You have to go to school and do this,’ I can’t not go to school. ” He had graduated from the Benjamin Banneker Academy for Community Development in Brooklyn, but came out with no plans to attend college. He had wandered through school, never fully recovering from the death of his beloved aunt during his sophomore year, but paid just enough attention at school to receive a diploma. “I was always at school, I just wasn’t at class,” Mr. Lake said. Instead, he preferred to hang out with his friends on the courtyard to play soccer. His mother scolded him for his truancy, but it was not enough to improve his attendance. It took a school official to explain to him that the peers he had been skipping class with were going to graduate, but he was not. “If I don’t graduate, I don’t go to college,” Mr. Lake said. “If I don’t go to college, I won’t get a good job. ” He raced to finish assignments for the class credit needed to walk across the stage at graduation. School, after all, was not so difficult, Mr. Lake said. He always had a knack for memorizing information, and was quick to understand math formulas and science theories. He graduated on time, but without a next step in mind. College was a possibility, but not something he had done the work to actually pursue. “I was just lost,” Mr. Lake said. “I figured, I don’t like being idle too long, so I had to get a job. ” For the next year, he worked 70 to 80 hours a week at a Duane Reade, hating every shift he clocked in for. In fall 2015, at his mother’s urging, he begrudgingly entered Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow’s Young Adult Internship Program. Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow serves people like Mr. Lake who are considered      and unemployed youths. It is a beneficiary agency of the Community Service Society, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. With its help, Mr. Lake landed a paid internship as a tutor at El Puente Taylor Wythe, which operates an   center and summer camp program. It was rewarding in an unexpected way, he said. “Just being there nurtured me as a whole individual,” he said. “My patience is way higher than it was before. Tolerance for things is a lot more sturdy. ” It was there that he met that inquisitive girl who inspired him to go to college. Earlier this year, he returned to Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow and met with a college counselor. He applied and was accepted into LaGuardia Community College. The Community Service Society used $65 in Neediest funds to pay for Mr. Lake’s college application fee. Mr. Lake is enrolled as a   student, pursuing a major in commercial photography. He has ambitions of starting an event photography business, a passion that developed in high school. He also hopes to eventually pursue a degree in information technology and web design. Yet, Mr. Lake still finds himself fighting boredom with school and struggling to get excited for class, except for his photography assignments. To resist his old habits, he tries to remind himself of the patience and focus he sharpened as a tutor. “I feel like I really matured as a person, after seeing what I’ve gone through and reflecting on it,” Mr. Lake said. “I can’t afford to slack off. ” He currently works part time as a tutor at El Puente Beacon Leadership Center, where he has motivated many students to complete homework they wanted to put off some later earned perfect scores on those assignments and on tests. They all credit Mr. Lake’s guiding hand with their success. “I really have an impact on someone’s life,” Mr. Lake said. “It sticks with you. It’s powerful. It’s a powerful thing. ”",0
7530,Re: Why Are So Many People Choosing To Leave The United States Permanently?,"Why Are So Many People Choosing To Leave The United States Permanently?   August 11th, 2013 
Have things gotten so bad that it is time to leave the United States for good? That is a question that a lot of Americans are dealing with these days, and an increasing number of them are choosing to leave the country of their birth permanently. Some are doing it for tax reasons, some are doing it because they believe the future is brighter elsewhere, and others are doing it because they are very distressed about the direction that America is heading and they don’t see any hope for a turnaround any time soon. Personally, I have several friends and contacts that regard themselves as “preppers” that have decided that the United States is too far gone to recover. They have moved their families out of the country and they never plan to return. As this nation continues to head down the very troubled road that it is currently on, this trend is probably only going to accelerate even more. 
In fact, some Americans are even going so far as to renounce their citizenship when they leave. This represents only a small percentage of those that are leaving the country, but as Bloomberg recently reported , the number of Americans that renounced their citizenship in the second quarter of 2013 was six times larger than the number that renounced their citizenship in the second quarter of last year… 
Americans renouncing U.S. citizenship surged sixfold in the second quarter from a year earlier as the government prepares to introduce tougher asset-disclosure rules. 
Expatriates giving up their nationality at U.S. embassies climbed to 1,131 in the three months through June from 189 in the year-earlier period, according to Federal Register figures published today. 
Renouncing the country of your birth is not an easy thing to do. From the moment that we come into this world, those of us born in this country are trained to think of ourselves as “Americans”. The following is an excerpt from a recent article by Simon Black of the Sovereign Man blog … 
It doesn’t matter where you’re from– the United States, Sweden, New Zealand, or Venezuela… many people all over the world are inculcated from birth with a sense that their country is ‘better’ than all the others. 
We grow up with the songs, the flag waving, and the parades until the concept of motherland becomes deeply rooted in our emotional cores. 
Not to mention, when so many of our friends and neighbors unquestionably fall in line, it’s a powerful social reinforcement that only strengthens the bond. 
We come to view our nationalities rather ironically as a big piece of our core individuality. I am an American. I am a Canadian. I am an Austrian. Instead of– I am a human being. 
It has taken decades… centuries even… to reach this point. So the fact that more and more people are making the gut-wrenching decision to ditch their US passports is truly a powerful trend. 
Traditionally, the   been some of the most patriotic people on the face of the planet. 
So why are we now seeing such an increase in the number of people choosing to leave the United States permanently? 
Well, the truth is that there are a whole host of reasons why people are losing faith in this country and are deciding to leave… 
-The U.S. economy has been steadily declining for many years and that decline now seems to be accelerating. 
-We are being taxed into oblivion . 
-The quality of the jobs in our economy is rapidly declining . 
-Our culture is rapidly going down the toilet . 
-Our health care system has become a complete mess and a giant money making scam . Obamacare is only going to make things even worse . 
-Our politicians are tremendously corrupt, but the same clowns just keep getting sent back to D.C. over and over again. 
-Our nation seems to be on a relentless march toward collectivism . 
-America is rapidly turning into a “Big Brother” police state that is run by control freaks that seem obsessed with watching, tracking, monitoring and controlling virtually everything that we do. 
Of course the list above could go on indefinitely, but hopefully I have made my point. A whole lot of people out there are absolutely horrified as they watch what is happening to America, and leaving the country for good is increasingly being viewed as a potential option by many. 
But as tempting as “ going Galt ” may seem, please come up with a good plan first. 
As one family recently discovered , hopping into a small boat and sailing off into the Pacific Ocean in search of a better life is probably not going to work out too well… 
A northern Arizona family that was lost at sea for weeks in an ill-fated attempt to leave the U.S. over what they consider government interference in religion will fly back home Sunday. 
Hannah Gastonguay, 26, said Saturday that she and her husband “decided to take a leap of faith and see where God led us” when they took their two small children and her father-in-law and set sail from San Diego for the tiny island nation of Kiribati in May. 
But just weeks into their journey, the Gastonguays hit a series of storms that damaged their small boat, leaving them adrift for weeks, unable to make progress. They were eventually picked up by a Venezuelan fishing vessel, transferred to a Japanese cargo ship and taken to Chile where they are resting in a hotel in the port city of San Antonio. 
Yes, life in America is definitely going to be extremely challenging in the years ahead, but the grass is not always greener on the other side of the planet either. 
There are a whole host of things to consider before you make a permanent move to another country. The following is an extended excerpt from one of my previous articles … 

The following are 10 questions to ask yourself before you decide to move to another country… 
Do You Speak The Language? If Not, How Will You Function? 
If you do not speak the language of the country that you are moving to, that can create a huge problem. Just going to the store and buying some food will become a challenge. Every interaction that you have with anyone in that society will be strained, and your ability to integrate into the culture around you will be greatly limited. 
How Will You Make A Living? 
Unless you are independently wealthy, you will need to make money. In a foreign nation, it may be very difficult for you to find a job – especially one that pays as much as you are accustomed to making in the United States. 
Will You Be Okay Without Your Family And Friends? 
Being thousands of miles away from all of your family and friends can be extremely difficult. Will you be okay without them? And it can be difficult to survive in a foreign culture without any kind of a support system. Sometimes the people that most successfully move out of the country are those that do it as part of a larger group. 
Have You Factored In Weather Patterns And Geological Instability? 
As the globe becomes increasingly unstable, weather patterns and natural disasters are going to become a bigger factor in deciding where to live. For example, right now India is suffering through the worst drought that it has experienced in nearly 50 years . It would be very difficult to thrive in the middle of such an environment. 
Many of those that are encouraging people to “escape from America” are pointing to Chile as an ideal place to relocate to. But there are thousands of significant earthquakes in Chile each year, and the entire nation lies directly along the “Ring of Fire” which is becoming increasingly unstable. That is something to keep in mind. 
What Will You Do For Medical Care? 
If you or someone in your family had a serious medical problem in the United States, you would know what to do. Yes, our health care system is incredibly messed up , but at least you would know that you could get the care that you needed if an emergency arose. Would the same be true in a foreign nation? 
Are You Moving Into A High Crime Area? 
Yes, crime is definitely on the rise in the United States. But in other areas where many preppers are moving to, crime is even worse. Mexico and certain areas of Central America are two examples of this. And in many foreign nations, the police are far more corrupt than they generally are in the United States. 
In addition, many other nations have far stricter gun laws than the United States does, so your ability to defend your family may be greatly restricted. 
So will your family truly be safe in the nation that you plan to take them to? 
Are You Prepared For “Culture Shock”? 
Moving to another country can be like moving to a different planet. After all, they don’t call it “culture shock” for nothing. 
If you do move to another country, you may quickly find that thousands of little things that you once took for granted in the U.S. are now very different. 
And there is a very good chance that many of the “amenities” that you are accustomed to in the U.S. will not be available in a foreign nation and that your standard of living will go down. 
So if you are thinking of moving somewhere else, you may want to visit first just to get an idea of what life would be like if you made the move. 
What Freedoms and Liberties Will You Lose By Moving? 
Yes, our liberties and our freedoms are being rapidly eroded in the United States. But in many other nations around the world things are much worse. You may find that there is no such thing as “freedom of speech” or “freedom of religion” in the country that you have decided to move to. 
Is There A Possibility That The Country You Plan To Escape To Could Be Involved In A War At Some Point? 
We are moving into a time of great geopolitical instability. If you move right into the middle of a future war zone, you might really regret it. If you do plan to move, try to find a country that is likely to avoid war for the foreseeable future. 
When The Global Economy Collapses, Will You And Your Family Be Okay For Food? 
What good will it be to leave the United States if you and your family run out of food? 
Today, we are on the verge of a major global food crisis. Global food reserves are at their lowest level in nearly 40 years , and shifting global weather patterns are certainly not helping things. 
And the global elite are rapidly getting more control over the global food supply. Today, between 75 and 90 percent of all international trade in grain is controlled by just four gigantic multinational food corporations. 

Leaving the United States permanently and setting up a new life in another country can be done, but it isn’t for the faint of heart. It takes planning, preparation and lots of hard work. 
However, there are lots of people that have done it successfully, including quite a number of people that I know personally. 
In the end, you have got to make the decision that is right for you and your family. Don’t let anyone else tell you what to do. 
For many, staying in the United States and preparing for the tough years that are coming is the best choice. For others, getting out   and heading for greener pastures is the right choice. 
What about you? 
Please feel free to share your perspective by posting a comment below… 
Are These The Last Days Of The U.S. Marine Corps? » Rodster 
I’m sticking it out. As screwed up as America is i’ll take my chances here. As the article mentioned, when the global economy collapses it may be harder to survive in another country. ian 
no. it will probably be easier, as most other nations dont have gun toting nutjobs and a less self centered view of life. Other countries may adopt a “we’re all in this together’ mentality, while america will, at first, descends into ‘me first’ chaos. MeMadMax 
Take ur statement, and make it the opposite, and less hateful, and it would be right. Vindicare 
Guess what, no one is entitled to positive feelings. Hate is a feeling, nothing more. People may hate you, but you live in west, where you must feel good about others, whatever stupid and evil they are. Positive=!good, negative=!bad. And to tell the truth people often earn hate, they own it they. Yes hate may be rightfully earned. Hate is just waste of time, contempt is better, indifference is best. sherpeace 
Exactly. The people you hate don’t care! The hate only hurts the hater! So, go for it; Keep on hating. Then you will die young, either from a heart attack or because the object of your hate kills you. Hooray! Now we will be rid of you! (Sorry, I know that is not very peaceful of me, but I couldn’t help it.) Vindicare 
Stop projecting. I hate no one but mosquitoes. Usual Yada yada yada! Whatever I may sound to you when I go from keyboard it stop bothering me. Some people write things because they think, not because feel something. This western paranoia is pathetic. FEELINGS, FEWWINGS, FEEL, HURR DURR! Nop prefer logic. condaggitt 
Ian most other countries dont have mass quantities of violent black thugs either. xander cross 
Most countries have violent white men with guns. Just look at the white supremacist groups and people like Alex jones. Most white people are racist and evil by nature SVD 
Takes one to know one eh!? xander cross 
You would know. A racist like yourself is common in the land that you stole from us. Ted 
Just admit that you hate White people…which by definition makes you a racist! Oh the horror There’s nothing worse than racism…oh no sherpeace 
People are offended by the white comment, but not the black one. That means YOU are racist. I am white, but I am offended by BOTH comments. You can not make blanket statements about ANY race. It is just unfair and wrong! Graham 
Your last sentence would lead a reader to believe you are of “American Indian” decent. Is that correct? 
If so, I’m interested in what tribe you are affiliated with, assuming that is something you are happy to share. Joe Jakkerton 
Im American Indian and can tell Xander is African. SVD 
Oh you hurt my feelings. I think I’m about to shed a tear. Get over yourself loser! xander cross 
The loser is the white man that enjoys selling his land to china for a currency that rapidly loosing its value. White men are the problem, that is why they’re marring (or stealing) Asian women in mass droves. sherpeace 
Oh, brother, come on! The things that ignorant people say just amazes me! Joe Jakkerton 
Thats makes us the WINNERS ha ha ha! DuchessLazy 
Why do so many Chinese murder their baby girls ? It’s a horror. Jill Ellen Schulze 
you are really really stupid. You are the reason I want to leave this country. People like you are still kept alive Walt Lonsdale 
We don’t even know what you are BrianLandon 
right. stole from you, eh? so show us the deed? Joe Jakkerton 
Then move back to Africa and get on with it. Walt Lonsdale 
IS that why there is considerably more black on black crime??Idiot! sherpeace 
It is because there is considerably more poverty in black neighborhoods. And, I am sorry to say, that has a lot to do with the quality of schools. If you were to check, most successful blacks went to white schools, the only place to get an equal education despite “Brown vs. the board of education”. Son Goku 
Most White AmeriKKKans are psychotic sociopaths. Blacks are on their sick demonic minds 24/7. This article had nothing to do with blacks. If Anglo Americans were so peaceful. Why do they have missile defense systems around China, Russia, and Iran. They are the real thugs. sherpeace 
Got a point there. Just remember that not all of us believe in what our govt. is doing. carnac123 
SG Because we are smart and we defend ourselves. You…however are just a racist calling others racist. If America was all Anglo or at least all white,.. it would be a paradise. Joe Jakkerton 
Who said we were peaceful? We are violent and always have been. Oline Wright 
Not so, that statement is as racist as saying most blacks are violent thugs. There are good and bad in all peoples and it is high time we stop stereotyping people because of the color of their skin or even the place they grew up. DuchessLazy 
Try living in a an area where the majority is black and see what you get. Mondobeyondo 
Violent white men take over countries with guns. Violent black men take over inner cities with guns. 
We are ALL under attack!!! Linda Williams 
Who told you that? RalphZiggy 
what nonsense you spew, when did Alex Jones ever do or say anything racist? he has even demonstrated against hate groups like the KKK. In the USA, white people huge the majority of weapons but don’t commit most of the crime. You are a white-hating racist, the supremacist full of hate is in your bathroom mirror. xander cross 
During the trayvon Martin trail. He and his supporters are indeed racist just like Ron and pans Paul are. His supports are really the same people that go to stormfront site as well. Alex jones never demonstrated against the kkk, but he demonstrated against black people several times. But then again, he gets paid by white men to be an idiot on television so, you defending him proves my point. RalphZiggy 
It is a fact Alex Jones demostrated against the KKK in Waco Tx in 1999 with a bullhorn, look it up. There are videos of it. You make up an world between your ears and believe in it, without letting facts get in the way of your prejudices Joe Jakkerton 
oh man you must be Lacquer head. I bet you love your caurborator cleaner. BrianLandon 
uh right. sort of like the blacks killing blacks in Africa? Or how about Muslims killing Muslims in Pakistan, Syria, Lebanon, etc. And how about the fact that the biggest rate of murders in the US is committed by young black men killing other young black men. 
the only racist here is yOU! xander cross 
No, white men are the racist and white men commit the most crimes and they’re not convicted for the murders that they commit. White men commit the most crimes and you use fake percentage numbers to spew your lies about black people. Let’s talk real numbers, not fake percentages that you get from world net daily. DuchessLazy 
Lies. Whites actually care about THEIR neighborhoods and gladly get rid of criminals. But…if you’re rich, no matter the skin color, you’re likely to get away with about anything. Joe Jakkerton 
All colored people are evil and racist. xander cross 
White men are evil and racist and to add to your stupidity, you white men turned a third world country to an economic superpower (China). Elliot 
“Most white people are racist and evil by nature”? Are you serious? That is such an ignorant statement with zero credibility. That is a stupid as if I were to say, “There aren’t any nations in this world governed by black people from top to bottom that dominate on the world stage, therefore all black people are stupid and lazy”. Look at the Chinese and India. They aren’t white, are two of the most populated countries in the world, are HUGE players in our world economy, and yet both pollute the Earth daily like never before seen, and China executes more people annually (with a gun to the back of the head) than any other country worldwide. Yet you tell me they are full of “violent white men with guns”? You are what is wrong with our society. There are too many dumba$$e$ like you able to post their uneducated, idiotic opinions online and somehow garner steam from it. Some other dumba$$ will read your comment and give it a “thumbs up” without realizing how stupid you both are. The problem with our societies is that the dumb people outnumber the smart ones 100 to 1, and whether you are black, white or rainbow-colored, you are an IDIOT. d 
What? Son Goku 
Dude!!! Why are you racist bigots obsess with black people?!?! This is one of the reason why people dislike white Americans around the world. Plus you bomb other people’s countries for natural resources. You are the real thugs. Most of You people are obsess with race. Oline Wright 
again it is not about color or race it is truly more about who or what is in power. ANd frankly as an American I have to say I have not been that satisfied by the government that is supposed to represent me for the last 20 years or so. xander cross 
Stop lying because the white people on this site is openly racist. White men are the problem and every white person on this site supported stop and frisk by mayor Bloomberg. mikeymike61 
neegrows be da prolem, git rid a neegrows and you gots rid a 85% a da krime Tobias Smith 
you are clearly a racist foolish little boy sherpeace 
Oh, EVERYONE, huh? You got a lot of nerve speaking a lie like that! Joe Jakkerton 
Hey we only supported stop and frisk of coloreds and gays like you. sherpeace 
Longer than that, for me. Carter was the last true humanitarian in power in this country. Linda Williams 
Carter was an idiot. The interest rate soared under Carter. sherpeace 
Wow, you must be one of the most intelligent people on earth to be able to call a man like carter an idiot! Or you are a tea party Republican who hates all Democrats. lunchbox 
first of all, tea is delicious, but let me just say that is not a reference to politics, i just like tea. Especially irish breakfast tea. Secondly, you should all take the time to go back to the top of this page and re-read all of your comments. I would be interested to see if anyone can come up with a sensible answer as to how the discussions went from being about the government, and what is wrong with it. Tell me how the conversation shifted from discussing how to solve a very real problem to being concerned with racism, which is and always will be an issue as long as there is mankind. We can solve that problem later, that problem is not what will be destroying ours, or anyone elses country. Please stay focused on the matter at hand, or it will pass you by while you stand idly in oblivion. Mankind is but a petty child, given shoulders with which to carry the weight of the world. So please let us stop being petty, and use those shoulders to lift each other up to a point where we no longer need the guidance of govt.. We are after all the people that they are referencing when they say that govt. is for the people, by the people. Joe Jakkerton 
Carter was and still is an idiot. You sound like one of them Teaophobes. sherpeace 
You do have a point, but that is a very small minority of white American males. Most of us are peace loving people who lived in mixed neighborhoods and get along with everyone. My husband has been a teacher for 28 years at the same school. Everyone knows where he lives and no one bothers us. Oooops, my hubby isn’t white. Only I am. I guess that explains it, huh? Fed Up With Your Ignorance 
You’re such an ignorant fool. GOVERNMENTS bomb other countries, and news flash, AMERICA’S PRESIDENT IS BLACK. Have a nice day… Joe Jakkerton 
Or any other kinds of thugs. Alex 
Forget the black thugs. The problem is the scum bag wall street banksters who have destroyed our society while accomulating wealth. Jill Ellen Schulze 
you serious? You want to leave because of “black thugs?”. The biggest problem here is the government and in case you haven’t noticed by watching fox news ( i am sure that’s what you watch), most are white besides the pres (luckily!) and they are not the “black thugs” you speak about. Ray J Cimbalnik 
I agree. Americans will only care about themselves. I can not wait to expatriate OUT of America. America will never recover UNTIL it falls COMPLETELY and then rebuilds. Oline Wright 
I have to disagree. Again it is an oversimplification of the attitudes of the country and a stereotype. Many in the US if they have it to spare will send money to help out countries in crisis due to catastrophic events. People will do so even within the country. It is more a case of the government overreaching its stated powers and becoming diametrically opposed to what the founding fathers envisioned. I have to admit that when a person is struggling to meet the day to day needs of their lives they will frequently become more centrally focused. But I think you will see similar attitudes in other countries as well. sherpeace 
You said it! Thank you! Boy, thank God when I went to El Salvador in the 80s, they understood that the govt. is NOT the people. I guess they knew because of their F*#@ed up govt. Joe Jakkerton 
Why not just leave the city? Joe Jakkerton 
I would appreciate it if you just stayed in the USA where you belong. Alex 
I decided to abandon ship. Humans have the right to survive, that has nothing to do with being an American. I am not the property of the USA, although they may think I am. America is not going to change, it is essentially dead with a few exceptions. Once you start disconnecting from this fake American society it will become easier to assimilate to another. In the US we have been spoiled and brainwash that we are number 1 because we have more material possessions then the rest of the world. If this was the case why are the majority of Americans unhappy. Although it is challenging to move to another country, I believe it can be done if one has the will. I left the states about almost 3 months ago and there is not a day that I regret it. Even though I have the advantage of speaking spanish, it still it is a challenge. Even though I may be broke atleast I am free and that you cannot put a price on. Lingram90 
Where did u relocate to? T 
Yes, but which ones? Can you name them? NoSheDidn’t! 
I agree…no matter where you are, all countries will get hit one way or the other…eventually…especially those developing countries that depend on the 1st world countries…compliments of: globalization! Vindicare 
It is other way around in case of USA. USA depend on import as it had outsourced the industry. It depends on dollar as reserve currency. And depend on military. sherpeace 
Sad, but true. Reality_Seeker 
It will be harder to survive in another country. Moreover, the global economy is going to collapse; and when it does, it will be open season on amerikans…….amerikans will be stripped of whatever they have, and in some cases, their lives will be taken, too. Think about your future before you try and run, because you can run but you might not be able to hide. dishatin 
There with ya nicho12 
I think it will be harder to survive in America if the global economy collapses. Think about it, America is full of different races all fighting each other to get ahead which creates too much hatred and anger among the races. An economic collapse will lead to a civil war in America and millions of people will die, especially the minorities, the you add in feminism which has caused many men to resent women, you have a multicultural chaos. Most people don’t think about the social problems that America is facing. At least in other countries, their cultures are much more homogeneous and there’s less individualism than in America. In America, it will be it’s every man for himself Mudpie 
I have lived abroad once and loved the nation but I will say living there for good would be hard. When everything and everyone – including close family, some of whom are ill – you know is in the U.S.A. There are great places out there, but as Michael notes, money issues are significant as well. Unless seriously loaded, you gotta work. Many nations discriminate against foreigners in the job market. And do not underestimate local connections that you lack, etc. Very hard to accomplish. Of course, most Americans have family forefathers who came from elsewhere and survived. It takes a VERY spiritual outlook to endure the privations until one is comfortable. Also, America discriminates against expatriots and the U.S.A. tax system for foreign earned income is insane and impossible to understand for most people. 
Michael hits the nail on the head when he says the grass is NOT always greener. 
We may do it again when our children get old enough to live on their own. But for the time being, I think that hunkering down and planning smartly here may be the way to go over time. Travel to those other amazing places. But feather the nest here, live in the state of your dreams and find a city that you are really into. I like New Mexico, for instance, and places therein. Alaska is like a foreign country for the so inclined. 
Honestly, if the U.S. goes to hell then most of the world will go with it, at least S. America and Central America. And at least here your neighbors who are sympathetic to your cause and freedom will be locked and loaded. In many places only bad guys have guns. 
Of course there will be violence here as the Al Sharpton haters pour into the streets. But you will have a chance. 
And those liberty lovers in your area . . . .do not forget Americans DO tend to be very smart people. Even in other really great countries, there are even more socialists than here (though some seem to manage it better, for at least a while). Americans who believe in liberty are the best on the planet. 
Let us hope we get a state that secedes and serves as a magnet for free men an women. MeMadMax 
NOT. My wife is from Guatemala, her mom finally got a hot water heater, the place can’t go to hell because there is nothing to break. That is the extreme end of it, but it’s the same thing. The world is not dependent on us for anything, except for one thing: Doing their dirty work for them…. If you think the world thinks about the US all the time, think again. We are like the prissy little cheerleader in highschool who thinks the school would close if she ever stopped going to school…. Mudpie 
Dude, I pretty much agree. I like the cheerleader analogy. We are full of ourselves and now it is coming out of our rears… Dmmonypeny@att.net 
It is probably best to stay in this country until the riots start. Even then you may want to make your first move out of the cities to a romote easily protected rural farming area. As bad asthe US is, a lot of the world is already in even worse shape. 
As banks fail and markets crash, you might want to start hunting for another country. I am looking at the Caymen Islands or Balese. 
I am steadily building a supply of gold and silver. I am also starting to take my money steadily out of the markets. I am also taking cash out of the bank. 
There is really no good reason to leave cash in your account. The highest probability of theft comes from the banks Rodster 
Exactly, just look at the conditions of countries like Greece, Spain, Italy, Turkey, Egypt, Portugal, Brazil. These are some of the places experiencing riots and unrest due to economic condition. 
As things global economy continues to get worse, those places will probably experience more unrest and violence. We haven’t seen it here because our monetary policy is what’s driving the world’s economy. 
So when the SHTF expect chaos around the world. If you are Jim Rodgers, George Soros or a very wealthy person who can buy protection and a place that can insulate itself from turmoil then it really doesn’t matter where you live. 
The world has never seen the potential for financial armageddon. So if and when it hits it’s going to be ugly wherever you live. Prophecy2008 
Where do you put the cash to be safe if not in the bank? What about Paypal? Sergi William 
I was born in Spain and I am 100% Spanish. I spent 3 months in DC at 2011 and I totally agree with Michael: I had a culture shock. 
About the language, even if you know the language of the country you are moving to, it takes many years to get all the slang and to have a correct spelling and knowledge of everything about that country. 
And well… I feel sad because I came back to Spain and I always thought it was a mistake and I should stay in the US. 
But with the last news and everything, maybe I did the right thing… 
Anyway, the whole view is so scary… 
Greetings from Barcelona to everybody! Rodster 
Greetings and yeah it’s tough everywhere you live we cause this collapse is being planned on purpose. It’s better to live within one’s culture. I’m spanish but born and raised in the US. I know even for me it would be hard to move to a latin american country or to Spain. The culture is so different. jacklohman 
Mainly the rich will gather their stash and look for a country where it will be protected. But they will have to worry about pirates, or a corrupt security crew, or local politicians who will claim the cash as illegally acquired and confiscate it. Better that they stay in America and fix the system. Gracie Darling 
You are mostly wrong about that. Most countries in South America and Central America are no pirates or will take you money! 
The banks in South America have branches in the states. There are actually laws down here! 
Ecuador is not less corrupt than the USA. Look around. Look at the shipping docks in the states, for example. Same here though, mostly. 
Money is pouring into Latin Countries and the government are not taking it from anyone. 
Banks are very strict here in Ecuador. Same in Colombia and Peru. Only two countries are having some banking problems. They are south and in the center of the continent, not Bolivia. 
The economy in Ecuador is booming and gringos are flooding the cities. Hard to find a cool apartment on the coast. Building is rocketing with huge shopping centers. People are spending money on cars and houses and many luxury items. 
We have paved streets in Ecuador now! Even toilets and air conditioned bars. How bout that! T 
You’re saying that the banks there are healthy, and safe? close call 
Would you fix the system that feeds you? It’s a bottom up food chain that’s working upward very quickly. The die off is coming, it’s global. jacklohman 
Yea, I guess I’d recognize that I pushed too far. “Greed” is this country’s #1 problem, and our politicians share in it all through campaign cash. ONLY public funding of campaigns will fix it, and ONLY a major turnover in 2014 will do it. 
Ignore the promises. If you are happy with our nation’s direction, vote for incumbents. If not, vote for challengers. MD 
That is the most defeated mentality on earth. Are you really so bogged down by the system the only thing you can do to protest is vote for challengers? lol. pathetic. jacklohman 
I agree totally dude!!!! lol Pathetic. IF anything, vote independant or no vote at all!!! Jill Ellen Schulze 
No, america is worse. The pirates are only in africa. What about Europe where I personally know life is nicer and less stressful. Well that depends if material stuff is important of course (most all of the americans I met in my 31yrs abroad where consumed with being matwerialistic or tryng too hard to be destitute losers. I want to leave soon but my [partner is an american and so is our daughter. Although I grew up in Europe I am trapped in the U.S. It is verty hard. I have never found a more superficial, damaging society than here in the U.S Sonia 
I know how you feel… I’m not European so I can’t escape to Europe, I’m Latin American so I could move back to my country or to another Latin country with low restrictions on immigration. However, it’s very hard, I was brought to the US when I was 13y/o and since then I have always dreamed of leaving this place. Trying to pick a career was very difficult because I also didn’t want to pay 100k on a degree here to move to another country and make significantly less, so I’ve always taken a conservative and safe route and have no debts, but now I’m so unhappy because I’m almost 30 and I still live here, and I’m afraid I will never escape this country. 
It is really scary because I really don’t have a big family, I don’t know where to go, and I’m scared that I won’t be able to support myself in a different country since I am single and I’m just used to taking care of myself alone in the United States. I don’t have a big family, I really don’t have anyone to welcome me in another country, and I feel really scared. I wish I could find a way to be autonomous, have my own business, or telecommute so that I could finally move. This culture is depressing, and I’ve realized that it’s not just me, because when I talk to other immigrants (Latin, Europeans, etc.) they feel very similar. In fact, after so many years here, my friends are immigrants with the exception of one or two Americans, and even with those American friends I feel like they don’t understand because they still have a blind over their eyes and believe that their country is wonderful. piccadillybabe 
To go back to your homeland where unemployment is close to 50% does not bode well for America. Best wishes to you. lois752 
like Stephanie said I cant believe that people can make $9561 in a few weeks on the internet. did you see this web page w­w­w.K­E­P­2.c­o­m Mondobeyondo 
Honey – if you made $9561 in a few weeks on the internet, I sure wouldn’t be posting about it on The Economic Collapse Blog. I’d be off surfing on my private island in Tahiti. 
*burp* 
Tell me how is Barcelona? Is it a good place to live? Sergi William 
Yes. Good weather. Mountain & beach. In that case it is. The problem is the econOmic crisis, wich is everywhere. BeenThere 
“in many foreign nations, the police are far more corrupt than they generally are in the United States”. I find that hard to believe Max Never the less, I never thought I would see the day when Americans would want to leave their country. MeMadMax 
Hey, that corruption can be taken advantage of… Always keep a $20 dollar bill on you, and you will never go to jail…. 
I experienced that first hand when I lived in Mexico for a while! infocyde 
Good post. Another thing to consider too is that if things go south the natives might look at America as the country to blame for the world being in Chaos. If you stick out in those countries it might be a worse place to be. Just food for thought. Mudpie 
Great point. I went to a fairly USA-friendly country to live and work for a fairly long period of time and though they liked me, there is definitely a bias against Americans in particular. It is based on the fact that they get lots of stuff from TV and are ignorant as well; and also, honestly, that we really are NOT anymore the nice guys we used to be and they have a reason to dislike us often. MeMadMax 
The Gastonguays stole my idea! Anyways, I find the idea of leaving the states not only a necessary truth for me and my families’ survival, but an exciting endeavor. I dunno, maybe it’s because I have been exposed to other countries, then look at the US and go, well… we just suck. We may be “rich and powerful”, but we suck at the same time. One time, I was walking down the street of Santiago, and saw a country rich in culture, but not money, but yet, every single person I ran into there seemed… happy. And you could feel it too. I have also been to lima peru, bahli indonesia, melbourne austrailia, hobart tasmania, and some places in the middle east. Anyways, each time, same deal(with the exception of the middle east) you could feel the attitude there, festive and fun. The feeling I get in the states is disconnected and cold. People don’t want to socialize with each other here. Maybe it’s because of technology overload. People don’t get out of their cars and walk anymore. There’s no street vendors or anything either… It feels dead here. >_> Mudpie 
Living abroad was an eye opener for me. I loved the place we were in and truly, now after that America does just suck and seem filled with artificial people and things at this point in history. Seeing from another perspective cemented for me that our culture is vile and we are a moral sewer. Seeing the attack on George Zimmerman was almost more than I could bear. We have turned into a seething cesspool. 
But again, the grass is always greener and even though America is in bad shape, truly emigrating to another place is pretty radical and not necessarily the solution. Making a community of similar thinking friends here and enjoying the natural beauty of the US (even people in the beautiful place I was in appreciate our natural beauty in the West, e.g.,) may be the best way to go for most. 
But I salute you : ) And may still join you at some point. 
One thing for SURE. We all need to become less emotionally connected to the construct of “America” as that was, even 6 years ago. Those days are gone for good. We need to be clear eyed on moving ahead on our principles. 
For instance, I hear the Star Spangled Banner and scoff these days, for we are no longer the land of the free and home of the brave. 
What was true is now a lie. xander cross 
Attack on Zimmerman? He murdered a kid and molested his cousin. Are white people this sick and evil? Mudpie 
Yeah, white people are that sick and evil. Sequoia 
You are probably mixed with white European blood in your ansestry too.About everyone is mixed now days. there are good and evil in every race and nationality and it isn,t fair just to point the finger at one race or people. And about Zimmerman,he is a Hispanic white and Jewish with a black grandfather in Peru.He is mixed. We all need to come together as one people against this evil government that has been hijacked by foreign off shore banks and come together as Americans. Seanyboyo 
Zimmerman is not white European in any of his heritage , his father is Ashkenazy Jew not European! His mother is native Peruvian Indian with a black father! I’m white European , my ancestry is traced back 300 years on both sides of may family to N&S Ireland, immigrated to England in the 19th century, my genetic grouping is R1b (like most Western Europeans!) all this makes me white ( the way the above racist zander utilises my ethnicity to place people with no connection to white Europeans amongst us to facilitate his ideological racist hate for white people’s is a classic definition of racist ideology)! Zander & his ilk need to be fought , because should our ethnicity become a minority be holding to zander & co we’ll find no leftist PC defenders, only belligerent intolerance that’ll surpass our worst nightmares! All people deserve ethnic & cultural protection , whites included! Ray J Cimbalnik 
I AGREE!!! You hit the nail on the head! People in all of the other countries that you mentioned might have less money, BUT…they ARE much happier and more friendly people. I have experienced that for myself when I have been in other countries. As a side note, they are also generally healthier than the people in America. I am now in the process of trying to tie up the loose ends so I can expatriate just as SOON as I can. Prophecy2008 
What country do you feel is the best? infocyde 
Also I have noticed a lot of my expat friends still have their income sources somehow tied to the US (supporting tourism in their new country, online businesses, remote workers). They are proud to have left, but I see this as a giant gaping hole in their strategies. As a temporary solution OK, but if your checks come from the USA or USA/Western tourism if there is a crash you might be very vulnerable. Mudpie 
It is true. VERY hard to do business overseas unless one is very rich. So many hurdles. Banking customs, rules (though where I lived the banks were MUCH better, real people answered phones politely, GOD I hate what we have become), time zone issues, it is hard to get things done in the states from overseas. Sequoia 
If someone moves to another country and is dependent on Social Security checks or other income from the USA,will be screwed when the S#!T hits the fan and the USA goes bankrupt completely. If you relocate to another country,keep this in mind, that you will mabey need another source of income. If you move out to another country,now is the time to try to open a business or find some work,because one day those checks are not going to come to you and you will be poor just like in the USA. You need to have a stragety plan before leaving. infocyde 
I will say this though, as much as I love America, I think it will only be harder to get out and we are on a trajectory towards fascism. It won’t get any easier to leave if that is your plan IMHO. This doesn’t mean that you will be successful if you leave, but the option will get harder as time progresses. Another factor to add into the calculus. frankensteingovernment 
At some point, you begin to realize that the government is simply going to tax you to death. They have no other strategy to cope with the massive debt they have incurred. 
So these folks are seeing the obvious. It’s going to get a lot worse before it gets better and it’s clear that their US Countrymen are a bunch of apathetic cowards. 
Expatriating is looking very good to me also. MeMadMax 
There was a post on ZeroHedge of a guy that described the united states as a “Prissy cheerleader who thinks the world revolves around her”. And that if she didn’t show up for school, the place would close down and her friends would commit suicide and the teachers would quit… well, not quite all that but you get the gist right? Fact of the matter is, the world does not really care about the US… Neither like nor dislike, they just want to get on with their lives just like the rest of us… And, “third world countries” are really not that bad… They got it all, mostly, too, TV’s, cars, toilets… etc…. Mudpie 
Again, I pretty much agree. But you cannot deny that we have a strong tradition of liberty here that many people still carry. Just saying. 
I noticed the same thing about America though Max. And many overseas economies are booming and more free than ours. I even thought China felt more economically vibrant (though I would be afraid to post this over there – it will be a few years before the NSA starts disappearing people for these kinds of things). davidmpark 
There’s old wisdom, “A coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and mortgage.” Guess that’s what’s going on here. 
Wish we could leave; always wanted to go back to the ancestral homes in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Bristol, Brighton and the small village of Parc in France (where family legend has it we got our name from Charlemagne himself). But my family and I have no choice but to stay put. 
I’d rather fight it out here. I know we have a collapse and an international + civil wars coming and have been studying the possible effects and outcomes, and have come to a conclusion: America is going to be better off long term than the rest of the world. 
My reasoning is that if Obama or the next president becomes a fascist dictator, they will fail and the United States will collapse. If not a dictator is elected, then the coming perfect storm will get us also. 
Many are leaving for reasoning that they will be better off elsewhere. Not true – they’ll get into the wars to come anyway; cast into the Benedict Arnold or Coriolanus roles. 2Gary2 
I think those leaving are sick of the crazy conservatives like paul ryan who takes from the poor and gives to the rich. davidmpark 
Doesn’t Bloomberg have a Bahamas home that he goes to each weekend in taxpayer dime with NYC cops also paid for at NYC expense? vizeet 
I think many countries may be safer than US because US has gun culture which makes it very very unsafe at the time of riots. People may look for more foreigner friendly, having good natural resource and still not heavily industrialized. I can think New Zealand as one. GSOB 
O beautiful for spacAnnotateious skies, For amber waves of grain, For purple mountain majesties God shed his grace on thee And crown thy good with brotherhood From sea to shining sea! 
O beautiful for pilgrim feet Whose stern impassioned stress A thoroughfare of freedom beat Across the wilderness! God mend thine every flaw, Confirm thy soul in self-control, Thy liberty in law! 
O beautiful for heroes proved In liberating strife. Who more than self their country loved And mercy more than life! America! America! May God thy gold refine Till all success be nobleness And every gain divine! 
O beautiful for patriot dream That sees beyond the years Thine alabaster cities gleam God shed his grace on thee And crown thy good with brotherhood From sea to shining sea! 
O beautiful for halcyon skies, For amber waves of grain, For purple mountain majesties God shed his grace on thee Till souls wax fair as earth and air And music-hearted sea! 
O beautiful for pilgrims feet, Whose stem impassioned stress A thoroughfare for freedom beat Across the wilderness! God shed his grace on thee Till paths be wrought through Wilds of thought By pilgrim foot and knee! 
O beautiful for glory-tale God shed his grace on thee Till selfish gain no longer stain The banner of the free! 
O beautiful for patriot dream That sees beyond the years Thine alabaster cities gleam God shed his grace on thee Till nobler men keep once again Thy whiter jubilee! 
What an incredibly gorgeous song. 
But it is about the people of a different era. 
Still, I get your point. It is a hard decision either way. lavista4u 
I’m from Asia. Americans are the most talented people in the world. Its just that they ain’t getting the opportunity they deserve. 
You are worth more than what America tells you. Just come out of America and see how your value goes up from Zero to Infinity in a day. 
Agree, other countries are a bit struggle too but its not as bad for guys of the caliber of Americans. I admit, I’m not as talented or educated as some Americans who are living in depression and unemployment, but i earn a good income and that has allowed me to travel places. 
First, learn a new foreign language, if you can learn at-least one foreign language say Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, Russia, German…The whole world suddenly opens for you. With your English skills and local language…you will be on top of the competitions. There are very few people in non-English speaking countries who would then have the skill-set as you would. 
Just learn a new language. I guarantee you will experience a New World. Joyce J 
I live in Florida, and I keep telling people, if you want to learn something, learn Spanish! I have a feeling it’s going to be needed in the next few decades. I try to do as much traveling as I can. I am not able to do it like I would, but still. I think for some Americans – we need to learn about the cultures in our OWN back yards as well! You got the Cajuns, Native Americans, and others. Apokalupto Aletheia 
I took Hebrew. I may never meet a Spanish only person, or an Asian language only person. But I will meet God one day. I know I have ticked Him off enough already and He still forgives me. The least I could do is speak His language when I meet Him face to face. sherpeace 
My brother is being treated like a king in China. They practically have him running the school. Here they made him quit saying he was racist after they put the worst kids from several grades in his class. He speaks Chinese and the children LOVE him; the parents and admin too. HORIZON 
Thank you. Ken 
Moved to New Zealand 14 years ago. I haven’t lived in America for almost 20 years now. I can tell you that it takes a significant amount of time to rebuild your life when moving countries. Even though English is the main language here there are a lot of aspects to consider that would be subject to change. With that said there are a lot of advantages living here as opposed to the States. The government is much more accountable and visible to the ordinary citizen, i.e. you can actually bump into a member of Parliament or a government minister on the street…. without them having a phalanx of security guards. There is no oppressive police presence. Only 4.5 million people in a country the size of Japan. Yes it is on the ring-of-fire but nothing is without risk. USKiwi 
We did the same about 5 years ago and feel that living here is significantly better than the US. Moose is Loose 
I stayed in NZ for about 4 months… Auckland down halfway through the north island. I loved it as it was a clean and polite country, however viewing it on a map is a bit of a fright. It’s strange, as a born American I must have lived in over 30 of my fifty states including Alaska (but not hawaii), and always on the coast until just recently when I had my first land-locked experience in Indiana, and now living in central canada far away from any ocean. I feel (possibly falsely) so much more secure here. No giant tectonic plates running along my coastlines, no volcanoes nearby to speak of, no oceans to rise over the landmass… wind usually comes south-east in the northern hemisphere, so our wind current sweeps down from the eastern tip of Russia through the Yukon to us. Not much to speak of as far as population above us…. but when I was in NZ, I FELT the distance from any landmass on the planet. It was like the fresh ocean air, even in the middle of the city, always reminded me that I lived on a tiny blip in a water world. And driving up into the mountains gives you some spectacular views of the waters… but also a bit scary! to look 290 degrees around you and see the curvature of the earth on the vast oceanic horizon is a big wake up call on just how far out you are! TR 
No one can escape global warming & NTHE. Ralfine 
After all, most Americans descended from immigrants, refugees, slaves. Mudpie 
Why we were so strong. 
It takes a tremendous act of courage to emigrate for good. 
And back then they did not even have computers or TV to stay in touch with the old country. 
I never cease to be amazed at how low our character has fallen from what it used to be. Pathetic. And happened so quickly. 
The Left’s cunning is brilliant. Ralfine 
Don’t blame it on the left. 
Emigrants and the left have one thing in common: leaving behind the old and trusted and heading for new opportunities. 
It is the right that wants to conserve the old and allow very little movement. 
In chaos theory chaos allows for creativity, while order is stagnation. 
Making a new country in a new continent does not work with conservatives, you need progressives for that. 
The only danger is, that even the most progressive become conservative and eventually are left behind when they do not progress themselves. davidmpark 
When will the rationing start in the US? Should be before the world war gets hot. Ralfine 
You mean food stamps? davidmpark 
I was originally thinking of US WWII style rationing. But that’s a good point about the food stamps. With our situation, we had no choice but to go on it. They don’t supply enough for a whole month – enough for 2 people; not 5. 
Food stamps as the new rationing. Good observation! Melissa McGuire 
I live in Scotland, Great Britain. So I don’t know what it’s like to live in America. Carl 
Australia is as racist as the United States mary 
There are racists everywhere in the world. Where Ive lived in the states, majority of people are not racist. Its a big enough country that youre not on top of each other and people are used to living with people from other areas. Those who are racist, usually have their reasons, often times bad experiences with a few from that race. Most people do not generalize though and see people as individuals. Sounds like you dont, youre in fact “generalizing”. Apokalupto Aletheia 
The problem with Australia for me at least is the Sydney Funnel Web Spider…or the very venomous snakes, or that huge desert. I hate the heat, and most definitely hate “Tiny Critters that Kill…for a thousand Alex.” condaggitt 
If I had $100,000+ in student loans and very little prospects of ever paying it off…i’d move too.,, 
Life in the usa not worth having that over your head for decades. Cubatraveler 
I have not lived in the U.S. in 25 years and I would not go back now. Everything I see has changed for the worse there and I am doing much better out of the U.S. than I ever did in it. If you feel like you don’t belong there anymore, you are probably right and should immigrate. No regrets from me. Manny 
If things are going to get bad in the United States, maybe they will be as bad anywhere else? Richard 
Why has my comment been deleted three times this morning? chris 
Sinking ship? Not that i’m saying the people leaving are rats of course! Rufus T Firefly 
The quicker these ignorant religious wackos leave the country, the better off we will be. Maria S Biddle 
As flawed as she is, this is home and I will fight for her, not flee. xander cross 
Yeah right. You will work for the Chinese and then complain about the very jobs your white male CEO’s sold to them in the first place. Smithfield, va comes to mind. mary 
She should complain, as should we all. We help bring more of them to middle class, while we hurt ourselves. Glad to see they are doing better but not at our own expense. I personally know several Companies affiliated with China, and if they left and brought the jobs back home, a lot of our current issues would be solved. And not just in China either. If our own Companies cant be loyal to the US, I dont support them. I understand the situation for some of them(shipping costs etc) or reduced labor costs helped their survival, but the government should be doing more to bring them back with incentives. The rest of us need to get innovative and help create more jobs. This country has survived issues before, they will rise above them again. Negativity defeats us. Positive attitudes with hard work and creativity can save us and help us to rise above our problems. Unify ourselves and create jobs so that families can remain in the same cities, we need to revitalize our family situations and our Communities to reach out to one another. Its up to all of us as individuals. If you see defeat and dont make an effort, then youre going down with the ship. I would rather try to save it. We can all be leaders, and we need strong, energetic leaders to encourage us with communication…speak to us as a nation, revitalize us with their spirit and leadership. A leadership which calls on those in the country to take us down the right paths to renew the economy and rebuild the nation. Jackie Milton 
I personally support going galt. Become less productive on purpose. Do not earn anymore than it takes to survive.Keep yourself under the poverty level. Do not enable the government to extort more taxes by working harder and being more productive than others. If people will study the history of the past 40 yrs and the paradigm of today they will find that it is not beneficial to be extremely productive in our society. sherpeace 
You can blame that on laws passed by Republicans to give welfare to corporations and leave nothing for the middle class. TA 
Welfare is wrong no matter who the recipient. It is the initiation of force that provides the welfare state. seth datta 
I don’t know what the future holds, but there is the potential for social cataclysm in many parts of the world. I don’t think the UK will survive as we have too many people compared to local resources; we only survive because of fraudulent banking practices of the City of London Corporation. 
Seems the better English-speaking countries are Canada, Australia and New Zealand. If you add Germany, Chile and Singapore to this list, you have the best countries for white people to live in future. For non-Caucasians, mostly these countries or a few extra ones may be fine, depending. The US and ireland are both fence-sitters, as the administration of the US is enslaving the world and the US through enforced globalisation practices designed to make the rich more wealthy. So it could go either way. 
I do believe the US stood for something that no other nation achieved, and that this is something worth fighting for. markthetruth 
In the end you will most likely survive in a place you grew up in and are familiar with. And I’m a believer you are where you are for a reason. Stay Put ! Like all living things they learn how to adapt. 
the end… K 
If I had very young children. I might feel I owed it to them to leave. But since I do not, I will stay. All of us have the choice to run, or take a stand. Running always seems easier, so many do it. As the encroaching darkness of Fascism spreads throughout this Country. I will continue to hold up my small light in the darkness. And if one day they come and snuff out that light, so be it. Some times taking a stand for the right thing, is the only action a decent person has left. piccadillybabe 
America is resilient. We bounce back because most of us carry that “small light in the darkness” and ride out the storms and carry “hope” in our hearts. It’s just hard to see all the insanity and chaos going on now days and all for what? It’s gotten so out of control. Jade 
I have had the same thought, but likely I grow tired of being a Delphi that no one listens too even though the evidence is laid out in front of them. T 
Amen. Couldn’t have said it better. I’m going to make a stand, and fight in my own small way. JailBanksters 
But the only ones leaving are the ones that helped to create the problems. And their the only ones that doesn’t matter where they move to. It’s not like they contributed a lot to society, you would probably be better off without them to be honest. It would be a totally different story if all the Peasants left leaving all the rich behind. Vlad Lenin 
If it was a pure economic collapse, we would stay. But, it won’t be. This country is headed towards a future that would make Adolf Hitler proud. When the collapse comes, the people in power will use that as an opportunity to go all in. Many of us will be imprisoned (or just disappear), there will be confiscation on a national scale… we’re going to loose everything we have, so why not leave now while we still have something. Look at Lincoln and FDR, they’re already done stuff like this. Americans are bred to be fascist lites (we call the American system). When the end comes and the majority side with the government, what are you going to do? 
And no it’s not just the rich leaving. Our group is all middle class professionals…tired of being handed our cards. And yes I said group, we have found ways to nullify or attenuate the article’s valid points. There is a way. 
This country just isn’t worth the trouble anymore. Mudpie 
Good points here as well. 
People disappeared in Argentina. And Mexico. And in many other places. The USA was unique. Not so much anymore. Jim 
I am a dual citizen, living outside the US. At the moment I am seriously considering giving up my US citizenship due to the cost to keep it. Very few who live in the US realize (and not all expats) the paper work required to live outside the US and hold either a green card or citizenship. I certainly don’t have much and the cost in time is huge and a mistakes (not intentional avoidance, mistakes) can cost a large part of the account plus tax penalties. The cost is also professional, if I have too much authority at my company I have to report various aspects of the company to the IRS. The report has to be made even if it breaks the law of country the company is based in. It is becomning inpossible to open or maintain a forgien bank account in many countries if one is a US citizen as the banks don’t want to deal with the IRS and the penalties. US citizenship simple isn’t worth the cost to me. Mudpie 
We almost reached that point. 
You are so right about the paperwork. robert burns 
I would not define “many” the same way as if there is a mass migration. There isn’t and won’t be. First, it requires money. Second, it requires skills. Third, it requires another country willing to take you for either your money or your skills. It is difficult and time consuming. People who have done it struggle usually and some come back because they cannot bear not being “near” family. Even with Skype it is hard to remain abroad without huge commitment. Far more people are trying to get into the US. Many are losers such as from Mexico but there are many, many well educated ones from mainland China and India. They still view this as a land of opportunity compared to their home countries. Even if I could get into one of the chosen countries: NZ, Australia or Canada, I would not do it at this stage of life (age 67). Not enough energy for it and unwilling to be away from children. I tend to think more along the lines of a favorite Vietnam related song: NOWHERE TO RUN TO. Jodi 
I think the best plan is to be prepared. As nice as it sounds to move away from it all, it would be difficult to adjust. Charlie 
What if the citizen’s of the countries that people are running to for whatever reason begin to hate Americans. These peoples lives could be in serious jeopardy. jakartaman 
I have lived in several countries. America has gone to the dogs and the whole world will be at war over basic resources. Why did America become so powerful? Two Oceans Freedom Once the SFTF there will be a scramble for “Things” There will be a lot of death from violence, starvation, thirst, disease etc. even possible nuclear? Once things settle down to a reasonable level people will reconstitute themselves and their living environments – It will be like the 1850’s. Where would you rather be at this time – I want to be in America where there is a lot of natural resources. Belize – really – the coconuts will run out soon! David Kessel 
Another important thing- if not ‘the’ most important thing to consider is visas. You will relocate as what? Most countries either want a special skill or money from you. Otherwise, you’re a tourist with no rights whatsoever and your tourist visa may or may not be extended. And also, most countries protect their job market from foreigners. Even if you have a skill, they just may not want to hire you. The exception is maybe teaching English for a pittance. Ralfine 
And you need to be married to take your sweetheart with you. Some people are not even allowed to marry everywhere or their marriages are not recognised as such. 
Your children might not have the right to stay after they turn 18, if they have neither a job nor citizenship. David Kessel 
If you are both 1st world citizens, you don’t need to be married. If you are a 1st world citizen and/or your sweetheart is say a Filipina, then you will have to be married but still the immigration may not grant her a tourist visa. Ralfine 
And if we are both boys, … David Kessel 
That is even worse. That is why any article about resettling must touch upon the visa issue by country as the first topic, not culture shock-shmulture shock, The next thing is how and where to make a living- work permits, etc. Then, and only then come other relatively minor things described above. Ralfine 
Yes, culture shock is something you can worry about, when you have the permission to live (and work) there together. 
And language? Well, just learn it. Richard 
That makes four times my comment has been deleted. I wold like to know why. Ralfine 
Left my home 20 years ago for a job in China. It was a culture shock. No living in England. Another culture shock. 
Just one regret: I didn’t learn Chinese. ArigatouGozaimas 
Switching countries is mainly an option for the very wealthy. And for those who are not wealthy, where do they go? 
Canada might become an option in the future. they have more solid fundamentals to their economy, a wealth of resources, and their socialized medical system will function better than Obama care. 
In the U.S. itself there is a large diversity between regions. So most of the migration might actually be within the U.S. and not require renunciation of citizenship. I could envision a movement of population to the energy producing regions of the U.S. (Texas & North Dakota). 
Perhaps migration to the Midwest could become international at some point in the future. If there is a state and municipal debt crisis and New York, California, and Illinois need federal bailouts will the energy producing states stay in the Union and fork over the money to save them? 
Imagine the U.S. in three parts. The west coast, the north east coast, and the middle/south. I think it is a possibility. There is nothing unifying the american people beyond a bloated government making an overabundance of rules and passing out the common currency as it sees fit. (redistribution of wealth) apeiron 
Not that I endorse emigration, but might I suggest Uruguay. Climate like coastal Georgia, constitutional republic with sane laws, less than 5% unemployment, about 3 1/2 million population half of which live in Montevideo, fertile well watered, 93% of the population is of European extraction, mostly catholic…no Muslims. Montevideo is a short distance from Buenos Aries. But, of course, Spanish is the predominate language. El Pollo de Oro 
Apeiron: If I moved to Latin America, Uruguay would be at the top of my list along with Chile. I’ve known Italians and Spaniards who felt right at home in Monteovideo or Santiago and felt like they had never left Europe. And those cities are relatively safe (certainly compared to Caracas or Guatemala City). 
Pero si un estadounidense no hable español, no recomiendo mudarse a Uruguay o Chile. Si un americano no tiene ganas de hablar español, es mejor quedarse en un país ingleshablante. NoSheDidn’t! 
Have you ever read the book “How to hide your assets and disappear” by Edmund Pankau? It’s a bit outdated but the book has many low tech tips and tricks that come in handy. I guess it would be a “starter” book to get into that topic. I was born and raised in Mexico city, learned English at a bilingual private British school…boy was it a shock when i moved to the US! For starters the accents, like the southern one, the NY one, the Boston one…golly! Been living in the USA for 10 years now, i picked up the slang pretty quick but am still baffled by the accents. People looked at me weird when i said the words “petrol”, “banister”, “cupboard”, “lift”, “storey”. People also looked at me weird when i wrote words like “colour”, “neighbour”, “learned”. I’ll never forget their faces when they heard me say “i have to collect my husband”…lol… :b they probably thought i was fixin’ (southern term) to charge him for child support or smthg xD…I also got fat, because i fell in love with “Miami subs”, their hush puppies, milkshakes and deep fried fish were delicious…country fried steak with gravy, biscuits and gravy every morning…oy! chicken tenders with honey mustard…ran to Mickey D’s or Taco Bell for a snack, i put ranch on just about everything i ate and the biggest change of all: I HAD A CAR! shoot, back in Mex city i walked everywhere, never needed a car, had the subway, buses, cabs, etc. So between the foods i was eating and having a car i literally ballooned, fast…like 100 lbs in a year. It took me a while to lose the weight and get back to exercising but i finally lost the extra lbs. Talk about a culture shock! Anyway…i wouldn’t mind going to Spain next… ;b Olé pissobama 
I’ll stick it out and await the better days when the adults are finally back in charge. Hopefully this country will have learned that putting spoiled rotten-to-the-core race baiting entitlement demanding free market hating socialist/progressive/Marxist Muslims in any position of power is not the road you want to go down. Muhammad Kazim 
“Ab tau ghabra kai yeh kehtai hein keh mar jaaein gai Mar kai bhi chain nah paya tau kidhar jaaein gai” 
(A very famous couplet in Urdu) 
Translation: Feeling nervous about this world, in panic I console myself saying I would die. But even if death too doesn’t provide the desired peace of mind, where would I go? 
Stick to the land of opportunities and hope for the best; keep your composure. Ready to Bail 
Leaving the US is a very viable option and not nearly as difficult as some might think. I am set to leave whenever it I deem it appropriate. I own several pieces if property / housing in another country, have bank accounts / credit cards already in place, a successful business in place and Permanent Residency in the country of my choice ( won’t be identified ). Leave your arrogance and sense of entitlement at the border. Learn the language and don’t complain about how they do things.. you are there voluntarily. And no, I am not rich. Wherever you think is viable, go there. Spend lot’s of time there. Go back again and again if you can’t spend extended time there. MAKE LOCAL FRIENDS.. real ones.. not ones who think you are a rich American. Be NICE. Always. Smiles remove more obstacles than arguments. 68Impala 
1,139 out of 319,000,000 or looking at it another way 99.99964% are staying. How many of the 1,139 are born here, didn’t marry a spouse from another country or left for a tax haven. Things are going downhill but I do not believe the 1,139 are the canaries in the coal mine. chris 
You’ve not understood. That’s 1,139 who have RENOUNCED their citizenship on leaving. That number is only a tiny fraction of those that left. Richard 
Let’s see: The following are 10 questions to ask yourself before you decide to move to another country… Do You Speak The Language? If Not, How Will You Function? There are plenty of countries where you can get by in English – even where English is not the main language (e.g. India. Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Philippines, etc. etc.) Richard 
Let’s see: The following are 10 questions to ask yourself before you decide to move to another country… Do You Speak The Language? If Not, How Will You Function? There are plenty of countries where you can get by in English – even where English is not the main language (e.g. India. Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Philippines, etc. etc.) How Will You Make A Living? Teach English As A Foreign Language. Google TOEFL. Countries like Thailand, Korea and Malaysia are CRYING OUT for English teachers and YOU DO NOT NEED ANY EXPERIENCE. Just the fact of being able to speak English fluently is often enough. It need not at all be “very difficult to find a job”. Sorry, that is not an excuse. Will You Be Okay Without Your Family And Friends? Yes, make new ones. And you will probably speak more to your family abroad than you did when living near them. (Skype and Magicjack, for example, offer FREE phone calls anywhere in the States from anywhere in the world. Sorry, excuse just vanished. Joyce J 
I’m finishing up my degree in technical writing, and they are looking for people all over places in Latin America to teach English. TESOL certifications aren’t very hard to get (if indeed you need one). It doesn’t pay a lot but (depending on the country) it’s a pretty decent salary. Some require you only be a native English speaker. Some are for public schools, some private. Just depends. And if you can speak both English and Spanish (which I only know enough to get by), it’s better. I seriously thought about doing it. Richard 
Have You Factored In Weather Patterns And Geological Instability? Hmmm… ask that question of those who live in Florida, California, the mid-west.. Need I say more? Oh, sorry drought??? DROUGHT?? Oh please. Give me a break! What Will You Do For Medical Care? Pay less than a tenth of what you pay in the States. Next question? Oh sorry, “get the care you needed (in the States)” Are you trying to make me laugh? American doctors are among the most careless, ignorant, greedy, distasteful professionals in the world. In my 22 years in the United States I can regale you with stories that would turn your hair. More people die of medical malpractice in the United States of Stupidity than anywhere else in the world. Are You Moving Into A High Crime Area? Then don’t. Whatever the above statement is, it is NOT a reason not to stay in the (crime-ridden) United States. Richard 
Are You Prepared For “Culture Shock”? If you haven’t already suffered “culture shock” from living in the United States in recent years, you won’t notice it anywhere else either. If you do move to another country, you may quickly find that thousands of little things that you once took for granted in the U.S. are now very different. And there is a very good chance that many of the “amenities” that you are accustomed to in the U.S. will not be available in a foreign nation and that your standard of living will go down. True. And if your standard of living hasn’t already “gone down” in recent times while living in the United States, you are very lucky. What Freedoms and Liberties Will You Lose By Moving? Yes, our liberties and our freedoms are being rapidly eroded in the United States. But in many other nations around the world things are much worse. You may find that there is no such thing as “freedom of speech” or “freedom of religion” in the country that you have decided to move to. Nobody is suggesting moving to such countries. This is a silly comment designed to dissuade you from leaving the United States. Michael, I am sure you are quite shocked to see from the Comments how many people agree with the idea of leaving. Probably not what you hoped to see. sherpeace 
I experienced culture shock years ago moving from Upstate New York to New Orleans, LA. It was worse than any culture shock going to any other country, including El Salvador in the 80s when it was embroiled in civil war! Dubaibonddude 
Its not easy anywhere. Agreed. But catastrophe is everywhere from Cyprus to Greece and Spain to Syria and Egypt. Sanctions on Iran…etc. 
Without a job and income, most are doomed, anyways, wherever they live. 
Rich, who are people with above USD 1m in net worth and number about 25m (0.35% of World pop.) and people with over USD 100k are 334m out of 7bn which is just 4.77% so approx 5% have USD 100k and more. 
What about the remainder 95% who do not even have access to a computer, and in most cases to food and water? They have no clue what a financial crisis means! I do not think they are thinking giving up any citizenships or moving abroad. They dont even have a dollar to eat a square meal or a bus fare. They are not reading any internet articles, too. 
Only 5% of the planet, at most, will be and is worried but the remainder from the jungles of Amazon to the Savannahs of Africa or interiors of China and India will make it through just fine, unless someone takes away their money and job,…but hey they never had one in the first place! 
This was more tongue in cheek but does anyone care to comment? El Pollo de Oro 
It isn’t hard to see why someone would want to get the hell out of The Banana Republic of America, formerly Gli Stati Uniti. From the shortage of decent jobs to the death of the American middle class to an increasingly abusive police state to an abomination of a health care system, the reasons to leave this collapsing hellhole are numerous. This banana republic is not the America I grew up in. But if you’re going to leave, there is much to consider. I know some American expatriates who really enjoy living overseas and have no desire to return to the BRA, but other Americans would be absolutely miserable in another country. It depends on the individual. 
If you’re the type of person who enjoys speaking more than one language and has a sense of adventure, you might do really well as an expatriate. I’ve known Americans who spoke perfect French and fit right in when they moved to France or Belgium. 
On the other hand, if you’re the type of American who makes a beeline for McDonalds the minute you get to Amsterdam or gets upset because someone in Rome spoke to you in Italian……you won’t make a very good expatriate. 
So again, it depends on the individual. El Pollo de Oro 
If you do stay: remember that our once-great country is now a banana republic, and the misery will only get worse for the vast majority of Americans. Below, some savvy individuals express the gravity of the situation, and smart people will heed their warnings. 
“Our country’s vital signs are tanking—not just from the monetary area, but from a liberty standpoint as well. We are going down the path that other failed governments and institutions have gone down historically, and I don’t see it turning around.”—The Patriot Nurse 
“The cities are going to look like Dodge City. They’re going to be uncontrollable. You’re going to have gangs in control. Motorcycle marauders. You’re not going to have enough police or federales—just like Mexico—to control the situation.” —Gerald Celente 
“I live in a place in Tennessee where people started eating GMO food in 1995, and now, it’s 18 years later—and they’ve been poisoned. They walk around like they’re zombines. They are dying. If you look at the life expectancy from 1990 until now of somebody without a high school educiation in America, the life expectancy has dropped 5 years for women and 3 years for men. The Great Depression has been where I live for years. You have everybody eeking along on social security or disability. The food is poisoning them. The chemtrail spread over their head is poisoning them. For them, Armaggedon has already come.”—Catherine Austin Fitts, president of Solari, Inc. 
“The American labor force has, in effect, been turned into a Third World labor force, where the only jobs available are in lowly paid domestic services.”—Dr. Paul Craig Roberts 
“We’re sandwiched between authoritarian government and street thugs.”—Alex Jones 
“When you reduce people to a level of desperation, it becomes far easier to control them—and that’s what we’re seeing. ”—Chris Hedges 
Sad, but could end up true. sherpeace 
Good points, all. Alika Nganuma Toshihiko Cripe 
Well damn then Id love to live in different country. And i cook my own food anyway so that settles it. Fred 
Hi Michael.Enjoy your website(s),all three of them. If you don’t mind telling,where do you currently reside?Thanks…Fred Trailer Park Investor 
Yes I am not independently wealthy, in fact I owe and owe and owe, so I guess I will have to stay put. At least I have a bag of beans and a bag of rice, so I guess I am good to go. Concerned Boy 
This is a great forum to promote paranoia treatments!!! Wally 
The only issue I see with leaving is that this is a Global problem and not only a US problem. When the US economy goes it will take a lot of the world down with it. There may not be a safe and sound place left. ArigatouGozaimas 
For English speakers there is Canada, The United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, Kenya, Belize, New Zealand and Australia for starters. TrailerParkOverpriced 
I have a friend who is moving to the Atlantic provinces since it is away from it all….the person lived in Toronto for 20 years and like many other residents, the immigration, cheap foreign labour programme, youth unemployment and crimes committed by youth and expensive housing is making Toronto a future Chicago where there is a few haves and lots of have-nots who can’t get a chance to get out of poverty legally. ArigatouGozaimas 
I wonder where the immigrants into Toronto are coming from? 
It’s sad to hear that. My most powerful picture of Canada was comparing Detroit to Windsor on Google Maps. The difference is astonishing. 
Though Canada is really not that much different than the U.S. politically and economically. Though it seems the version of socialism to the north is less corrupt and run more efficiently for now. It helps that Canada has no real military budget. It also helps to have a huge pile of natural resources. (As does the U.S., Russia, China, Australia). ((Socialism tends to do better when there is money in the ground. Think Norway, Saudi Arabia.)) Then there is cultural cohesiveness, Canada wins that round as well. 
Sad to hear that Canada’s system is still starting to suffer the same woes as the U.S. system. It sounds like the aristocratic model of the U.S. 
Unfortunately, without a strong and vibrant U.S. economy to the south the Canadian system will be strained even more. RPT34 
South Africa is very dangerous for white people. piccadillybabe 
I have traveled to a few foreign countries mostly Mexico, Belize, Virgin Islands and the Dominican. As beautiful as those countries are, they are third world. The US is becoming third world also but at least we have a ways to go yet before we are totally on the skids. Mexico would probably be my country of choice as I always felt kind of at home there, probably because Mexicans are very friendly, nice people and love gringos. It’s true many Americans are packing it in and out. Teaching English (ESL) in a foreign country where there is a shortage of teachers is an option. TrailerParkOverpriced 
If the USA becomes third world, the entire world goes down with it economically. Think about the loss of foreign monies into poor countries and remittances. The locals of other countries will become more poorer and desperate. David Kessel 
PS. You keep stress “land/country/place of birth” as if that is the only thing that defines one’s nationality and forgetting about the fact that you can be an American/Canadian/NZer, etc., by birth, or naturalization or by jus sanguinis – inherited through ancestors/parents, etc., regardless of place of birth. I was not born in the US but I’m only an American citizen and I don’t qualify for any dual nationality. There are many of us and you don’t mention as at all. Also, in 70% of the world just because you are born in the country, does not mean you are one of them now. Like being born in Japan does not suddenly make you Japanese. Guest 
PS. You keep stress “land/country/place of birth” as if that is the only thing that defines one’s nationality and forgetting about the fact that you can be an American/Canadian/NZer, etc., by birth, or naturalization or by jus sanguinis – inherited through ancestors/parents, etc., regardless of place of birth. I was not born in the US but I’m only an American citizen and I don’t qualify for any dual nationality. There are many of us and you don’t mention us at all. Also, in 70% of the world, just because you are born in the country, does not mean you are one of them now. Like being born in Japan does not suddenly make you Japanese. David Kessel 
PS. You keep stressing “land/country/place of birth” as if that is the only thing that defines one’s nationality and forgetting about the fact that you can be an American/Canadian/NZer, etc., by birth, or naturalization or by jus sanguinis – inherited through ancestors/parents, etc., regardless of place of birth. I was not born in the US, but I’m only an American citizen and I don’t qualify for any dual nationality. There are many of us and you don’t mention us at all. Also, in 70% of the world, just because you are born in the country, does not mean you are one of them now. Like being born in Japan does not suddenly make you Japanese. Charles 
I did not see any mention of the “Economic Berlin Wall” set up against those who leave the country… Karen 
I retired from the military not to long ago…… I have traveled the world, and yes American is an awesome place but so is the rest of the world to many people listen to the media and what else. Your made to believe that the rest of the world is worse off than you but it is really grand in Spain and so forth because maybe in an other country you might have to WORK Get off the couch and do something. The government there doesn’t pay you to do nothing, I remember still today, open air markets full of fresh produce REAL cheese, REAL butter, REAL bread, communities worked together. The best beer I have every drank because it is all homemade, people here have lost all since of community it is all about self. And if I could afford it I would head back to portugal Bosnian Serb 
I would not suggest to any American to leave America because this nation is very, very hated in rest of the world. Even our “allies” the English hate us, and I felt this hate at their airport in London. Even my own family don’t like me anymore because I live and work in America. There is no way in the world I would suggest any American to leave this country. If I can’t find any common ground with my own “tribe” whose customs I know, whose language I speak, and where I spent some of my early years, then how in the world an American born citizen will adjust to a new environment? ian 
I’ve traveled to many places recently. Other countries dont hate Americans, they just hate ‘tourist Americans.’ Be a real human in these countries and people like you just the same. greg_s 
There is no shortage of comments on the web about all of the impending problems we are facing. Where does one find information about specific things that we can do NOW as individual Americans to change and, hopefully, improve things? After weeks of searching, I have found nothing other than often powerful statements of commitment to our nation, to stand by it to the death, etc. As a Vietnam combat veteran, father, and grandfather, I feel exactly the same way. Organizing, setting individual differences aside, having specific beliefs and goals seem reasonable. So does getting rid of corrupt, lying politicians including (or especially) Obama – even taking on the “elites”. These all sound like good ideas, but who is going to start the process and when? I am an oath keeper. I stand by the United States of America. I am ready to help, but where do we find information or other Americans who feel similarly? How do we start making a difference for the better? Undecider 
Going down with the ship. Glory goes to God! TrailerParkOverpriced 
I know someone who wants to move out from Toronto, Canada into some quiet town. He/she/it said that Toronto has so many traffic, jobs being taken away for lower wages and rent is ridiculous, and the city is unfriendly. The person is moving somewhere in the Atlantic provinces with his/her life savings and thinking of setting up a small business. One bad part of a country has a good part of the country. 
America and Canada have lots of places where one can live. Find out for yourself rather than going abroad to some country where people are desperate for food or human rights are no rights. 
Unless you are going to a country where your heritage is, I don’t think it’s wise to escape to say, Zimbabwe when your nationality is European. greg_s 
BTW, I am a 32nd degree Mason. We have no idea how we got lumped into the groups that are considered “anti-American”. As any friend or relative of a Mason knows, we believe in God (that, along with “geometry” is what the “G” in our symbol represents). Many, if not most, of us believe that Jesus Christ is the true Son of God. We believe in the Holy Spirit and that the Holy Bible is the inspired word of God. I believe in the Communion of Saints. We exist to help, not hurt, our fellow man. Historically, Masons were architects. Shriners’ Crippled Childrens’ Hospitals, Shriners’ Burns Institutes and Speech and Language Clinics at Universities across the country did not just appear. They were built and exist because of Masons. We have members of all racial/ethnic and religious creeds and beliefs. I am tired of seeing good people bashed undeservedly and literally due to ignorance. Again, how can we be successful if we are unable to overlook individual differences? S.I. Hayakawa wrote, “A difference, in order to be a difference, has to make a difference”. The color of one’s skin, his/her religious beliefs or the shape of one’s eyes does not make a difference. Someone coming at one with an AR-15 does. Let’s pull together and become, once again, one nation under God. 
As a soldier, I saw too many of my buddies fall in ‘Nam. As a V.A. therapist, the same holds true for the maiming of our veterans from the Gulf Wars, Afghanistan and Iraq. I do not think that we have the luxury of time. Time is not on our side. Let’s pull together before it is too late, that is, let’s pull together NOW! Graham 
A rather unusual intro for a practitioner of the Royal Secret. 
[Agni Ushas Mitra] chris 
You must be familiar with the entity Albert Pike said is the god of Freemasonry then? RPT34 
We Christians are not to be yoked with unbelievers. Please consider that command from the Lord Jesus Christ. Joe Whitman 
So Masons take responsibility for turning America non-White, third world. 
All brown countries are poor, unless White people find oil under their feet. Rufus T Firefly 
USA to. Expatriates: you didn’t build that….so leave your fair share behind Chris 
I left the US over 10 months ago to move to Paraguay to escape what is coming in the US. This is despite never even being in South America (but did years of research searching for best place) before and not knowing Spanish. It was one of the best decisions I made in my life! I laugh at the question asking about what freedoms you give up. I have much more freedom down here than US: no TSA goons, no militarized cops, some of the lowest taxes in the world, no RIAA(pirated DVDs sold almost everywhere; even cops buy them), a mostly cash economy. The government is one of the smallest in the world in terms of % spending of GDP and is actually one of the few that are solvent. Language barriers are not as bad as people think as you can say a lot with pointing, and I know people who have lived here for years without speaking virtually any Spanish. More importantly the are not stockpiling billions of bullets and tens of thousands of drones to kill their own citizens when the economy collapses. I cannot tell you what a relief it was to get out of the USA. Huge sense of peace came over me knowing that no goon squad could raid me for collecting rainwater, growing grass too high, or drinking raw milk, or just criticizing the illegal alien in chief. I could not imagine being there now when the government is openly MURDERING journalists like Hastings. Malecon 
I just read your deleted comment about Nazism and fascism. Very informative. JJArise 
If you have ever read a good mystery novel, you know that the author does not reveal who did it until the end of the novel…not the beginning or the middle…the end. You may have a specific individual in mind as to who the culprit is and then find out at the end that it is someone else. You may not like the answer but you are not the author. As such, the MYSTERY concerning end-time Babylon (a.k.a. Babylon the Great) was not to be revealed until the end. Read Jeremiah 50-51 and Revelation 17-18. Who is it? You know! The question is…WILL YOU RECEIVE IT! 
And you wonder why people are leaving her! pray for discernment 
140+ parameters describing this end time super power and yet Amerikan “Christians” still miss it. 
That “great city” the book of Revelation is talking about is New York city with he UN as the modern day incarnation of the Tower of Babel– the future governing seat of the New World Order/BEAST anti-Christ kingdom. Souheil Bayoud 
The real problem of America has nothing to do with economic. edward emmell 
I feel for now that America is the best place for me and my family. Spain is close to economic collapse right now from what I been reading. America has a ways to go yet. America keeps printing more cash and selling bonds. We have many problems and they will get worse. Hopefully the rapture will come and my family and I will be living in heaven before the USA crashes. But for now America is a good place to line at least here in Delaware Oline Wright 
I moved to Australia in 2009. I did not leave because of what America is becoming I left because I fell in love with an Australian who I met over the internet. It took a long time for us to get together legally because the costs of immigration can be high if you don’t have much money. Then there is the fact that you have to pass certain health checks and background checks etc. I am now approaching the point where I can be an Australian citizen. I will likely stay here for the rest of my life and it makes sense for me to become a citizen of the country I am living in. My problem is do I give up the citizenship of my birth? can I become a citizen of both? I know from a friend that when you become a citizen your visa/permanent residency is canceled because it is no longer considered necessary therein lies the rub. Will I be able to keep my American Passport if I apply for an AUstralian one as well? because that would be what I would have to do if I ever chose to return to the states for a visit to my family. I would need my American passport for the trip to America and my Australian Passport for the trip back to Australia which is now my home. Archie1954 
The main reason to leave the US is a moral one so obviously it wasn’t mentioned in this propaganda piece, that is the constant military warmongering. I personally would be too upset to live in a country that relishes warmongering, killing and destruction as much as the US does and even worse to be so grossly hypocritical about it! RarefiedSnotress 
The more weirdo Preppers that leave, the better. Johnny 
I moved to Canada 2 years ago, and never regreted it. Strong economy, good job, low crim rate, free health care and a government that respects privacy. The USA is collapsing and I am sad but I would never return from paradise:) peace angel 
After 40 years of studying the New World Order coming to being in the US and Knowing the future of Americans is in the Fema camps and knowing that recently the US imported 3 million foreign troops to take us all to the camps I am leaving. 
Americans have had decades of time to stop the NWO in America and have not and I have decided that America is too dumbed down and drugged up now to make intelligent decisions. The American Psychiatric Assoc. reported this year that 50% of all Americans are “clinically depressed” and that one in 25 Americans are sociopaths and one in 100 Americans are psychopaths. This is a very sick nation being poisoned by the government and it is the most dangerous nation on earth that is NOT at war. 
I have decided to move to the Sunshine Coast of Canada. There are only two concentration camps in BC and they are not operable like ours. They are not hiring internment guards and are not yet at the place as the US is in creating the NWO. 
The US is the test case for the NWO and Agenda 21 and soon things are going to be unbearable. 
Almost three million ppl. are expatriating to other nations every year and most of them blog about it. IF you want to leave then the best place to learn about the transition is from the expats who have already done it. 
I lived in Mexico three times without knowing Spanish and had no problems. Today Mexico is a war zone because of the US failed war on drugs and that is sad and yet ppl are still moving there which is crazy. 
The world is a billion ppl overpopulated and crime among young ppl is real worldwide and will only continue, but the US is the most violent nation on earth that is not at war and far more dangerous than any of the many nations I have researched moving to, but what is most obvious is that expats are far more happy than they ever were in the US. Life has become too hard here for most and far too expensive by design and our politicians will not stop without an armed revolution and no one is talking about that. Tobias Smith 
it is time to eat a tuna fish sandwich sherpeace 
Most of these people left when Bush II was president. They didn’t like what he was doing, and on top of that, many thought that the elections were stolen (including Me). Bush started a lot of the problems but Obama doesn’t seem that interested in reversing his laws, etc., so most don’t feel a need to come back. Obama haters are not leaving, except for the Billionaires, but the truth is they have been leaving for a while. They made their money off the American middle class, but they don’t want to pay the taxes or spend their money here. They are hypocrites of the worst kind. John Citizen 
Your assessment of the current state in America is wrong. It is very bad here under the progressives. I do not know why Bahamas is not as popular spot as one would think. I really need to get out of here. I live in Florida now which has no income tax but the country is turning into a police state and if Hillary becomes president in 2016, it is adios for me. My country was once great, now it is full of freeloaders and leeches with their king in the white house. I really want to leave this country, it is in permanent decline. Thank you liberals.[sarc] Alex Macintyre Gore 
Come to Australia…..ex citizens of the USA, we ain’t much different from you…well maybe our food, our jokes, the way we talk…..lol Venci 
well, i would love to come to Australia, but there is no way … Australia Gov. is asking for visas, e.t.c … any ideas on your end? sherpeace 
Maybe we should all learn to sail. that might be the safest place to be! 14482302 
I have one foot in the Socialist States and the other in Ecuador. My wife works for an airline, and I can travel to Cuenca for free, at least the Atlanta-Quito part of the trip. My medical care is in Cuenca, and many expats are already there and many doctors there speak English and are American-trained. When the circumstances warrant, I can more easily transfer there permanently. I know the language, enjoy the people, and even eat the cuy that they enjoy eating. jack abercrombie 
..after 45 yrs born & raised in ATL. GA. I have been in Quito, ECUADOR since SEP 2008. Certainly the Economic meltdown will domino & be global. Ecuador has a year round growing season and abundant water sources. Come see us: “JourneymanJack in ECUADOR” 123421 
Left the States around two decades ago and never once regretted it; never experienced hardship; never experienced culture shock; never found it hard to get a job. Living in Easter Europe and now SE Asia has been a joy and an adventure, with a better standard of living, and more freedoms than back home. Jerry 
I left the U. S. of A. a long time ago, in 1976 (when Carter still was president). I did it for work reasons, but I had come to think that life would be better in the Dominion of Canada. I was right about that, too. However, missing friends and adjusting to the sheer gentility of Canadians, which can be a bit maddening for Americans, took time and effort. I know that today, leaving the truly dreadful U. S. of A. is harder by far than what I underwent, and that moving to places more culturally remote a nation like Canada could take much more getting used to. jaleel shakir 
The perverted culture has destroyed the morals of the publics in America. wisdom 
It’s already laid out for you in the book of revelation (meaning reveal). No one gets out alive. You will need to choose to take the mark of the beast, which some believe is an rfid or get beheaded. You might live through armageddon (the third and final war on earth), but your soul is what this life is all about. frankyzee 
My wife and I left the US after 9/11. I had this feeling that things would go from bad to worse so we left. We live in Southeast Asia and you are correct, a person must be aware of all of the above. 
If you are not ready to assimilate into a new culture with an open heart and mind… forget it. 
If you can… here are some of the benefits; 1. Live debt free 2. Live on a small income/retirement 
3. Own a home for 1/10th of the cost in the US 4. Have cheap medical insurance 5. Live off grid easily if you want to 6. Start a business with very little capital… This list could go on and on… be wise, find a good country and leave if you want to. It made our life so much better and we are thankful we made the decision. 
Good luck Nate 
The economic crisis is not everywhere as a lot of people like to say. That is just a bunch of hogwash to get people scared of making the move and leaving his or her citizenship behind. The US is dying, but it is going to do a lot of damage before it is buried. I am now 35 years of age, I see no point in staying on a ship that is sinking. When I was 18 I thought this country was worth fighting for, not any more. Whether it is 1 month or 50 years from now, I will be leaving the US permanently. From my own research I believe that most “third world” countries will probably flourish when, not if, the US is gone. BrianLandon 
if you think America is bad, just live in many third world and even second world countries. They are either dictatorships or pseudo-dictatorships. If you have lots of money, you can live somewhere in the Caribbean or South Pacific but be prepared to spend it, and invest there. And don’t expect the same infrastructure that you’re used to. 
Maybe instead of running, its time for Americans to actually change things!! Don’t be lulled into false security by big government that promises everything, and then if you do vote for them(Obama), don’t be surprised when they are watching your every move(you’re an asset after all in their eyes). I’ll bet the entitled to my entitlement generation is not moving–well at least until the government has no money left to spend on the massive bureacracy it’s created. Bill 
I do not understand that some leave US due to halthcare system. Obama is 6 years here and healthcare becomes better and better and will be more. So, you woud be optimistic about it. Sarcasm. John Citizen 
Obama has destroyed this country and a president Hillary will be the final nail on the coffin. I am curious though as to why the Bahamas is not a popular destination spot. Anthony Rivera 
this is what happens if the rich 1% creates selfish policies in our government Gracie Darling 
I live in Ecuador. Been here 4 years. Now a citizen. Get good medical for $86 month. I have used the medical for an emergency and found it to be excellent in “Kennedy” hospitals in GYE. 
It cost about $20 minimum payment into social security to qualify for medical. But, they will see you if your name is not on the computer. It is law. Kennedy hospital in Samborondon challenged this law and lost big time. 
Ecuador is nice. Very expensive. Poor people don’t come here nor do they go to Panama or Costa Rica. South America is becoming very expensive due to the greedy gringo coming from the north to make money in housing. 
Don’t believe what international living ragazines tell you. It is expensive if you desire to live close to what you were in the states, meaning nice house, nice car, nice clothes etc. Best to travel to Miami and buy and return. 
Everywhere you visit on the internet you will find the liars, cheats and thieves in South America such as Gary Scott. David 
I’m not an “American” in this country. No, in this country I am a slave. I have never thought of myself as American only the slave base on which the rich and greedy in this country run. David 
So needles to say, renouncing this country as my birth, that’s easy. LET ME THE HELL OUT! David 
America sucks, and I don’t even have the freedom to post about it on this board. Ha ha. They took down my last two posts. Congrats good job guys. Keep watching out, you know thought policing and everything. Laobai 
I took my college degree and ran to China and left my debt with Sallie Mae. I never had anything in America and here I get to screw lots of beautiful young Chinese girls. Chow. LemmeOut 
Divided we fall. The race war is a rediculous one. It’s funny how one ignorant comment about race can distract everyone from what’s important – that the United States is going down. The more we argue right left black white the more quickly the globalists can move forward. Besides the majority of us are muts of some nature so skin color is pretty much obsolete and its useless to stereotype (you f*n morons.. jk, only God can judge your stupid a$$es) Lingram90 
Totally agree! I just don’t know where to start with prepping for relocation. Joshua 
If more people are leaving USA i don’t know where they are going. The media hype is just confusing them. There is no place like America Today. Are these people going to China or India, the Middle East, or Africa? I don’t think they will go to these countries. The quality of life in these countries is unbearable? 
How can you leave luxury and go to poverty-stricken countries. Countries in Europe are congested and have their own relative cultures. If you are staying in America I will advice you to stick on and improve your quality of life. Outside USA is hell. 
Joshua SouthAfrica Liz 
Why are service vets leaving the country? They have been taxed out of the US and can retire cheaper abroad. Hard to see our laws not being upheld and hardworking people losing jobs and houses because laws were dropped regulating certain businesses and the wrong people were bailed out not once but twice. Makes us think… frustrated_ayfkm 
I was really interested in this article until I read all the points and realized my perspective and reasoning for wanting to raise my family elsewhere seem to be the exact same reasons why the author thinks it might be a bad idea. e.g. Guns – Of every country I’ve been in, the only one in which guns even enters my mind is the US. I am not the least bit concerned about needing a gun to defend myself in (example) Europe b/c it’s just not an issue there. I can sit and chat for hours in a mall, go see the latest movie, send my children to school, all w/o the tiniest concern that some previously “responsible” or “legal” citizen is going to snap, walk into a WalMart and walk out w/ a high capacity weapon & proceed to mow me and/or my children down in seconds. It’s just not an issue in most of our peer nations. john 
The United states is tranceforming into a police state more and more everyday, not to mention that it already has by far the highest incarceration rate of all countries, and most inmates never did anything wrong to be locked up in the first place. Freedom in America is an illusian, it is only to pretect the money and those who the government defines as perfect. There is no such thing as freedom our god given human rights have been taken hundreds of years ago do to a cleverly disguised form of totalitarianism. Alika Nganuma Toshihiko Cripe 
Its gotten that bad Randall 
I think some of the points or “warnings” about leaving the US are a little silly. Food shortage? War? Medical care? There are many countries that are much BETTER with food and medical care than the US. As far as war, the US is constantly at war. While it may be true that no part of the US is a current war zone, it doesn’t mean we still can’t be killed by opposing forces (9/11 anyone?). As far as making a living, many countries LOVE americans and will hire you quicker than their own fellow native people, ecspecially in asian countries. Personally, I crave culture shock, I think that’s why a lot of people DO travel. 
And my friends and family can do as they wish. I’m planning on being out of the US hopefully by this time next year, this is my personal choice for my life. I’ll still visit of course, but my choice is mine alone. Lisa Chapko 
lissen up all people There is a curises going to happen 2015 end the banking in the usa 
This is why the wealthy is leaving and who ever can get out. the USA is bankrupt 
The goverment is hiding more then is being told I will be dead for posting but God help America 
mility ours is being trained to kill USA people it will start with gun control then round up the poor 
no more food or water to areas wwlll starts in usa by are own people 
Churches are falling away leting sin take over . God is now going to punish 
war , floods end of california no more freedom 
if not believe me ask vetrense and see why military people are quiting the militay 
this is a wake up call for americans christains for you will now be hunted and killed for your faith. 
faith will save your soul death is better somtimes then losing your soul christians 
more eval is coming and the world will feel Gods rath are we ready i am some what ready but like most it is scary to see hell on earth 
God bless your all and good luck ps sept 13 hell will hit if you believe me or not guest 
I was born here in the southeastern United States.for the most part the land is rich in fish and wild game.i have rabbits,deer and squirrel on my front lawn and a natural water source nearby.i belong to a local church in which we all have common goals and help our community and each other when in need.when the time arises i simply have to kill and eat those cute little rabbits and deer instead of going to the store Wanderersend 
Join our camper convoy to Belize Safety in numbers when you surround yourself with those on the same path. Wanderers End is leaving to claim our island rendezvous in Rockport tx Mike Breen 
You missed the big question….How will you get the IRS off your back? The USA does not let go easily, Americans are US tax payers for life regardless of their location. Even if no tax is owed, the cost of compliance can be painful and god help you if you make a mistake on the form even if no tax is still owed. Penalties start at $10,000 per offence. And THAT is why there is a huge increase in Americans giving up there citizenship. And the US response to this phenomenon? Increase the basic consular fee from $350 to $2450, and you will be VERY lucky if that is all it costs you. USA is a tyrant, and only those who tried to leave seem to know it. theyorkiedad 
I am considering moving mself, myy wife and my dogs to Belize. My wife is Colombian, and Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Belizse. It is an anglophone country, and Roman Catholicismi is the prevalent religion. My wifwe and I are Catholics. I am fluent in Spanish. I have lived in Colombia for a cou8ple of years. I seriously doubt that we will suffer from culture shock. You can get most of what you want in Belize if you kinow where to look. And medical care is available in both Guatemala and Mexico, both close in to the boerder of Belize. Anbd, my maineason for leaving is Belize is center-right politically ande it is not very PC. BOOTOUTTHEBULLIES 
“Oh Canada.” I am on my way as soon as I resolve some important document matters here. This country no longer represents what the founding fathers embodied in the constitution. We are a melting pot of immigrants and now a bunch of bullies want to do a 180 and change it all. I can’t live in a culture full of hate. it’s time to get out. Especially if you are a homeowner because your property, the single largest financial investment we all make, will be devalued in a depression and than we will be all stuck here. I am getting out before that happens. I don’t feel this is the country with the values that I grew up with here. I had said that even if Hillary had won I wanted to leave because of the fact that half of the people were so full of hatred and aggressiveness. And, I can’t live in a country that looks the other way when a candidate is a sexist, racist person. It is like saying that women are insignificant and we don’t matter and it’s open season on women and that is the way it is and deal with it. Well, I’m dealing with it by leaving this place. I’m done. No experience, no accounting experience, 6 bankruptcies, 5 Vietnam deferrments and the block of voters that put him over the top were very lowly educated people who probably only use their computers for fantasy football or nonsense instead of learning about the their candidate of choice and not just believing his sound bites. We have dropped in our level of education in the world standing and have uneducated, uninformed voters charting the future of our country. Is it any wonder we are headed for a huge fall? I am getting out before it happens. I feel for those who didn’t support trump but I won’t have a shred of mercy for those who did support him. You deserve what you get and I hope you suffer the worst for endangering the world economy and our values in this country. I hope you suffer the very worst and I’ll be waving to all of you from my safe house in Canada. Good riddance!",0
7531,"What $100 Can Buy, State by State - The New York Times","Spend enough time traveling around the United States and you’re bound to notice a dramatic variation in what a dollar can buy. Everything from the price of a cup of coffee to the cost of a house can fluctuate between, and even within, states. A gallon of regular gas costs $2. 74 in Hawaii, but just $1. 82 in South Carolina. The average Connecticut resident pays twice as much for electricity as the average Tennessee resident. A $7 lager in San Francisco might cost you half as much in Chicago. A $5 hamburger in California may be a dollar cheaper in Nebraska. Tuition at public colleges varies by orders of magnitude. Fortunately for the confused consumer, the federal government now measures these variations. For a few years now, the agency that tracks gross domestic product, personal income and other economic indicators has also produced what it calls Regional Price Parities, measures of price fluctuations across states and metropolitan areas. That data, published in July by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, shows that a dollar can swing by more than 30 percent in terms of what it can buy. “Regional price differences are strikingly large real purchasing power is 36 percent greater in Mississippi than it is in the District of Columbia,” Alan Cole, an economist with the Tax Foundation, a think tank, noted last week in a blog post. To better understand, imagine a store offering a range of goods and services, each for sale at the   price for that particular item. Now, imagine a shopping cart filled with $100 worth of items from that store. In Hawaii, $100 buys about 85 percent of the goods in the cart thanks to the high prices there. In other words, $100 in Hawaii feels more like $85. 60, compared to the national average. In Mississippi, the opposite is true. With $100, you would be able to buy the cart’s contents and more: the equivalent of $115. 30 of goods and services from the   store. The “real value” of a dollar is highest in Mississippi, Arkansas ($114. 30) Alabama ($113. 90) South Dakota ($113. 60) and Kentucky ($112. 70). It buys the least in the District of Columbia ($84. 70) Hawaii, New York ($86. 40) New Jersey ($87. 30) California ($89) and Maryland ($90. 70). The Regional Price Parities are calculated using data already collected for another indicator, the Consumer Price Index, which serves as a measure of inflation. For that index, the government tracks prices of more than 200 goods and services, including men’s suits, college textbooks, cereal, electricity and cars and trucks. It also tallies rents, which are particularly variable among states. The “real value” of $100 in rent can range from roughly $63 in Hawaii to $160 in Arkansas. Generally, the prices of goods and services in states correlate with the nominal incomes, according to Mr. Cole. “There is a relationship between the two: in places with higher incomes, the prices of finite resources like land get bid up,” he wrote. But, he noted, when prices in a region are high, employers often raise pay to attract and retain talent. The two don’t always correlate, however. Some states are home to high incomes and low prices, a valuable combination for working residents. After adjusting for the purchasing power of a dollar, North Dakota emerges as the state where per capita incomes have the most purchasing power. The “real per capita personal income” there is roughly $56, 000. Connecticut is next at $55, 000, followed by Washington, D. C. at $54, 000, Wyoming at $52, 000, Massachusetts at $50, 000 and Nebraska at $48, 000. The states where incomes fall shortest are Utah, New Mexico, Arizona, Idaho and Hawaii, all of them home to real per capita personal incomes of $36, 000, give or take a few hundred dollars.",0
7532,A Free Speech Battle at the Birthplace of a Movement at Berkeley - The New York Times,"BERKELEY, Calif.  —   Fires burned in the cradle of free speech. Furious at a lecture organized on campus, demonstrators wearing   outfits smashed windows, threw rocks at the police and stormed a building. The speech? The university called it off. Protest has been synonymous with the University of California, Berkeley, from the earliest days of the free speech movement, when students fought to expand political expression on campus beginning in 1964. Those protests would set off student activism movements that roiled campuses across the country throughout the 1960s. Since then, countless demonstrators have flocked to Sproul Plaza each day to have their voices heard on issues from civil rights and apartheid to Israel, tuition costs and more. But now the university is under siege for canceling a speech by the incendiary   writer Milo Yiannopoulos and words like intolerance, long used by the left, are being used by critics to condemn the protests on Wednesday night that ultimately prevented Mr. Yiannopoulos from speaking. Naweed Tahmas, a junior who is a member of the Berkeley College Republicans, the group that invited Mr. Yiannopoulos to campus, said the cancellation had made him more determined to fight for freedom of speech on campus. “I’m tired of getting silenced, as many conservative students are,” he said. “If we support freedom of speech, we should support all speech including what they consider hate speech. ” When the event was canceled, the Republican student group reacted by writing on their Facebook page, “the Free Speech Movement is dead. ” More than 100 faculty members signed a letter opposing the visit by Mr. Yiannopoulos in recent weeks. “We support robust debate, but we cannot abide by harassment, slander, defamation, and hate speech,” they wrote. On Thursday, heated arguments broke out at Sproul Plaza between students who said Mr. Yiannopoulos  —   a provocateur editor at Breitbart News who is known for his attacks on political correctness and offensive,   writing  —   was too inflammatory to be invited to campus and those who argued that he should have been allowed to speak. The university made it clear they believed the people who resorted to violence on Wednesday night  —   a group, clad in black clothing and carrying sticks  —   had come from outside the campus. The university estimated on Thursday that the rioting had caused around $100, 000 in damage. Whatever the origins of the violent mob, the university was and remains divided over the meaning of free speech at a time of national political tumult. “I think we need to have a serious conversation about protests. This is going to be a big part of our lives for the next four years,” said Kirsten Pickering, a graduate student at the university. She and others described the violence as a “potential teachable moment. ” “We need to sit down and talk about what is acceptable,” she added. Troy Worden, a   student and a member of the College Republicans, said he would “absolutely” invite Mr. Yiannopoulos to speak on campus again, and Mr. Tahmas added that the Republican student group is a racially diverse group that does not consider Mr. Yiannopoulos to be a white nationalist. Criticism of the decision to cancel the speech came from outside the university as well. On Twitter early on Thursday, President Trump went as far as to threaten withholding federal funds from the university for failing to stop “violence on people with a different point of view. ” Mr. Yiannopoulos has cultivated a sizable following among the     movement with his speaking events, podcast interviews and articles. He travels around California on a tour bus airbrushed with his likeness. Since embarking in September on his speaking tour of American campuses, he has been trailed by protests. But the events have also attracted pockets of   anarchists clad in face masks and spoiling for a fight. Some university organizers withdrew invitations to Mr. Yiannopoulos over security concerns. At the University of California, Davis, on Jan. 13, his speech was canceled as it was set to begin after a tense standoff between protesters and police officers. A week later, on Inauguration Day, a man was shot during protests outside Mr. Yiannopoulos’s speech at the University of Washington in Seattle. He was to cap his tour this week at Berkeley. In the weeks leading up to the event, campus administrators faced tremendous pressure from student groups and faculty members to cancel it. In a video of himself posted on Facebook after the cancellation on Wednesday night, Mr. Yiannopoulos criticized the “hard left, which has become so utterly antithetical to free speech in the last few years. ” “They simply will not allow any speaker on campus, even somebody as silly and harmless and gay as me to have their voice heard,” he added. One group that has been outspoken in favor of allowing Mr. Yiannopoulos to speak is the veterans of the university’s free speech movement. “I’m really a little fatigued with all of this, ‘Oh my goodness, cover my ears, someone will say something that will upset me, I can’t tolerate that,’ ” said Jack Radey, who was a    activist during the original free speech movement at Berkeley. “There are racists, sexists, piggery of various kinds who will say really terrible things. And that is part of the world,” Mr. Radey said by telephone from Oregon, where he is retired. “Learn how to fight back. Don’t say, ‘Oh, no. We can’t allow someone to speak because someone might be offended.’ ” In a letter to The Daily Californian, Berkeley’s student newspaper, Mr. Radey and other members of the Free Speech Movement Archive board of directors, a grouping of some of the movement’s activists, said Mr. Yiannopoulos was “a bigot who comes to campus spouting vitriol so as to attract attention to himself. ” But they said free speech was paramount. “Berkeley’s free speech tradition, won through struggle  —   suspension, arrest, fines, jail time  —   by Free Speech Movement activists is far more important than Yiannopoulos, and it is that tradition’s endurance that concerns us,” they wrote.",0
7533,Aspartame Turns Into Formaldehyde and Methanol in the Body: Donald Rumsfeld Got it Legalized,"By Cassius Kamarampi Did you know that Aspartame literally turns into formaldehyde and methanol inside your body? It breaks down into, according to one paper, “phenylalanine (50%), aspartic acid... ",0
7534,ZeniMax Accuses Facebook-Owned Oculus of Destroying Evidence in VR Lawsuit - Breitbart,"The latest wrinkle in the case between ZeniMax Media and Oculus over VR technology finds the plaintiff claiming destruction of evidence. [Having already accused former employee John Carmack of stealing technology designed at id Software for use at Oculus, ZeniMax now claims   Oculus participated in “intentional destruction of evidence to cover up their wrongdoing. ” In a statement provided to Ars Technica, ZeniMax said:  With the start of the trial of our case in Federal District Court in Dallas against Defendants Facebook, Oculus and its management, ZeniMax and id Software welcome the opportunity to present substantial evidence of the Defendants’ misappropriation of our Virtual Reality (VR) intellectual property. That evidence includes the theft of trade secrets and highly confidential information, including computer code. ZeniMax will also present evidence of the Defendants’ intentional destruction of evidence to cover up their wrongdoing. ZeniMax and id Software are the visionary developers of breakthrough VR technology and look forward to the vindication of our claims. Mark Zuckerberg himself will testify in the   dollar suit on January 17th, 2017. John Carmack has already done so, exactly one week prior, and Palmer Luckey will follow Zuckerberg in the coming days. Facebook’s lawyers attempted to make a case exempting Zuckerberg from direct testimony about the acquisition of Oculus, but were overruled. The newest accusations are more than likely aligned with the findings of forensic analyst Andrew S. Rosen in October 2016, when his investigation into the case led him to conclude that “statements and representations that have been sworn to and are before the court are factually inaccurate,” and further, that there were “opinions expressed in expert reports that are before the court that are demonstrably inaccurate. ” Tony Sammi, one of the lawyers representing ZeniMax Media in the suit, went so far as to dub the Oculus acquisition as “one of the biggest technology heists ever” in his opening remarks. As expected, Facebook continues to vehemently deny the charges, accusing ZeniMax of being what amounts to a very sore loser, after passing up the opportunity to invest in Oculus before it was scooped up by the social media megacorp. In a statement provided to Business Insider by an unspecified Oculus spokesperson, they claimed: Oculus and its founders have invested a wealth of time and money in VR because we believe it can fundamentally transform the way people interact and communicate. We’re disappointed that another company is using wasteful litigation to attempt to take credit for technology that it did not have the vision, expertise, or patience to build. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
7535,Trump’s New Defense Strategy On ‘Access Hollywood’ Tape: Blame The Microphone,"Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 9:02 pm It's amazing how often a microphone can be the root of a presidential candidate's troubles. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
In an interview with Bill O’Reilly on Thursday, Donald Trump was again asked about the ‘Access Hollywood’ tape in which the Republican nominee was caught bragging about sexually assaulting women. This time, though, he put up a new defense strategy, at least when it comes to this particular issue – blame the microphone. 
When asked by O’Reilly if he thinks he would be winning the election if not for the release of the video, Trump once again repeated that it was only “locker room talk,” and then started complaining that a microphone shouldn’t have been allowed to capture his comments. 
Shockingly, he did not express any regrets for his language. 
Video: 
— Sean Colarossi (@SeanColarossi) October 28, 2016 
“It was locker room talk. The microphone was not supposed to be on … it was an illegal act that was NBC. It was not supposed to be on… that was a private dressing room.” 
It’s amazing how often a microphone can be the root of a presidential candidate’s troubles. 
It should also be noted that Trump’s complaint about his dressing room privacy being breached is particularly rich given his history of storming into the dressing rooms of teenage pageant contestants, some as young as 15 years old. 
When asked by O’Reilly if he would take legal action against NBC’s role in uncovering and releasing the tape, Trump said, “You’ll see.” 
All of this comes after Trump recently promised to sue the growing number of women who have come forward saying that they were sexually assaulted by him. 
Trump also spent an absurd amount of time in the interview complaining that the media is rigged (not true), voter fraud is widespread (false), and the polls are dirty (they’re not). 
Even in the right-wing safe haven that is Fox News, Donald Trump still managed to prove himself as dangerously unfit to be president.",0
7536,The Yellow Brick Road to Extinction - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
Perhaps you’ve read about how the Hillary Clinton campaign had a strategy to elevate Donald Trump to the status of what they called a Pied Piper candidate. Rather than the Pied Piper, however, it seems that Trump is closer to another fictional figure. Portrayed by the media for years as a wizard of business, like the media-amplified conman in the L. Frank Baum classic, Trump (as both Clinton and Margaret Atwood have recently pointed out) is more like the Wizard of Oz. 
If Trump is the Wizard, however, who is Hillary? The Wicked Witch? Rather than reproducing sexist cliches, perhaps it’s more fair to cast Clintonism, the Democratic Party, or neoliberalism in toto, as the Witch. And the witch is dead. Ding dong. And (though less visible than the daily anti-Trump demonstrations breaking out across the country) throughout the land the little people are celebrating. 
They’re celebrating because the ideology that ushered in and maintained wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and elsewhere, outsourced jobs, spread unemployment and precarious work along with trade deals like NAFTA seems to have been finally put to rest. The crime bills, the surveillance state, the bailouts of banks, the mass incarceration, the austerity and privatization, the stagnation of wages, accompanied by increases in student loan and consumer debt – all capped off by the insult of Obamacare (aka Romneycare), which has done much to enrich the wealthy and further impoverish the little people – all this, it seems, has been halted. But, as in Oz, things are rarely as they appear. And while the Munchkins – and Mnuchins – and others are exulting in the political death of Clintonism, many more see little to celebrate, and much to dread. For though the Witch may be dead, and the staving off of war with Russia and the killing of the TPP are victories for the little people of the planet, the enemy of one’s enemy isn’t necessarily one’s friend. The promises of further deregulation, school privatization, environmental degradation, and tax cuts for the rich made by Trump are hardly victories for the little people, and neither are the racist and xenophobic policies of the Alt-Right (aka white nationalism) taking over the Executive Branch of the United States government. Marking a fundamental departure from post-War norms, the explicitly racist – and implicitly genocidal – goals of Trump and Co. augur persecution, repression, and catastrophe. 
Hyperbole you say? Exaggeration?Many will no doubt respond that people have been crying wolf for years about anti-semitism and racism. Anyone sufficiently critical of Israel’s policies toward Palestinians, for instance, is labeled and libeled as an anti-Semite. Even Jews who are critical of Israel, like Noam Chomsky, are branded this way. As such, it’s entirely understandable that people should be skeptical about reports concerning the anti-Semitism and racism of Donald Trump and his inner-circle. And yet, there’s a profound difference between honest skepticism and dishonest skepticism; and anyone who examines Trump’s history will see that he has practiced various forms of racist discrimination and scapegoating for decades. Among others, Trump’s chief strategist supports anti-Semites and racists. And the only problem that Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick for Attorney General, has with the KKK is that some of them smoke pot. (Moreover, let’s not fail to recall the fact that the point of the story of the boy who cried wolf is that the wolf did eventually come.) 
Whether wolf or wizard, Trump’s history of discrimination is not only old news, it sheds much light on his appointment of Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist. Bannon’s tenure at Breitbart (an Alt-Right, i.e. white nationalist organization) led to stories promoting the most stereotypically racist tropes against women, blacks, Jews, Muslims, Mexicans, and others. And now this proponent of Alt-Right/white supremacy is in charge of strategizing the implementation of policies that include the deportation of millions of immigrants, and banning Muslims – longstanding white nationalist goals of forcible deportation that don’t merely violate basic principles of religious tolerance and respect for human rights; they violate the 1st Amendment, the 4th Amendment, the 14th Amendment, and others. In other words, Trump’s policies baldly contradict the executive’s oath to uphold the constitution. With Trump, such contradictions abound. 
Trump says, for instance, that he won’t undermine rights recently attained by gays and lesbians. That’s settled law, he says, referring to the Court’s recent recognition of marriage equality. It’s been decided by the Supreme Court, he announces. In the next breath, however, he promises to overturn Roe v Wade, which was also settled by the Supreme Court. It’s even more well-settled. These contradictions hardly cancel one another out. 
His invective against Muslims, immigrants, and others has already incited violence, emboldening many to attack blacks, Muslims, Latinos, Jews, and other scapegoats. Displacing the generalized anxieties and violence of the capitalist system, hundreds of such attacks have been reported since the election. 
This isn’t, of course, to suggest that Trump won the election solely because of racism, or that his supporters are mostly racists and sexists, as Clinton and her supporters contend. As many have pointed out, Trump won states – like Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida – that Obama won just a few years ago. His success is attributable to the fact that people were disgusted by the historically unlikable Hillary Clinton and her poverty-spreading neoliberal politics. 
Like the Wizard of Oz, an illusion projected onto a screen, the con man (who just settled a fraud suit stemming from his phony university for $25 million) fooled a nation. No one’s really sure what he thinks. Trickery and spectacle, he mesmerized the media for months and months with his outrageousness – his ridiculous hair distracting people the way the lure-like growths on the heads of anglerfish fool their prey. Spouting outlandish statements, he cast his spell. And the plutocrat Hillary and her ideologically-blinded cohorts, believing (like George W. Bush apropos Iraq) that victory would be a cakewalk, stumbled into defeat. 
In spite of her arrogant stupidity, however (her cheating, her contempt for the constituency she needed to win, her choice of Tim Kaine for VP, etc.), we shouldn’t overlook the fact that Trump only won because of an undemocratic technicality. Though he prevailed in the electoral college, he lost the popular vote. As such, though Trump may enjoy a legal victory, his wasn’t a moral one. In many respects his victory is entirely immoral – stemming both from his pledges to promote torture, and other crimes, as well as from the US Constitution’s anti-democratic electoral college. Like the Constitution in general, the electoral college was designed to minimize popular rule by aggrandizing the power of a minority of plantation owners. (Concerned that the North was growing more populous than the South, and that popular elections would diminish their power, slaveowners ratified the Constitution only because it included the electoral system, which counted slaves as 3/5 of a person for the sake of apportioning representatives and electors, and thereby heightened their power and secured their privileges.) 
Had this institution been extricated from the USA’s legal structure, well, it’s hard to imagine that things would be less undemocratic today. As it stands, though, the electoral college illustrates the degree to which the USA remains little more than an insufficiently-reformed slave state. And here we are, like Dorothy, wondering how to get home. 
Dorothy, of course, was not alone in Oz. She was aided by, among others, the Scarecrow. Too dumb to recognize that capitalism and democracy are antithetical, is the Scarecrow Paul Krugman? Or is it Nate Silver, and other pollsters, who unwittingly abetted the despised celebrity billionaire’s victory (and the equally despised former Secretary of State’s defeat)? 
One thing’s for sure, if Trump is the Wizard, and the Democratic Party is the Witch, then Bernie Sanders – who turned on his supporters and supported Clinton – is the Cowardly Lion. And yet, the Cowardly Lion would ultimately develop courage. So, maybe there’s still hope for Bernie. As opposed to many Democrats suggesting we give Trump a chance, Sanders has been speaking out against his repressive designs. 
Praised by recently hostile Republicans (and by that other notorious wizard, the former Grand Wizard of the KKK, David Duke), Trump has also had a friendly meeting with Obama since winning. It seems the last thing Obama wants is to undermine the peaceful transition of power (even if it’s the power of a white supremacist state – which, after all, the USA has been for most of its history). 
Notwithstanding the thoroughly racist history of the US, however, it is still more than a little alarming to see white supremacists preparing to set up shop in the White House. And it must prompt us to wonder: what will happen if the system fails to constrain Donald Trump? Thanks to Bush and Obama, Republicans and Democrats, he has an unprecedentedly powerful national security state at his command. And, on the other hand, what if the system succeeds, and prevents Trump from pursuing his infrastructure-building project, his trade re-negotiations, and his easing of relations with Russia, which frighten the military-industrial complex and other aspects of the system more than the more xenophobic aspects of his agenda? 
If Trump is constrained from pursuing his plans, then what? It isn’t difficult to imagine Trump continuing Obama’s policy of mass deportation. Unlike Obama, though, who’s successfully hidden his policy of deporting millions from the public, one can easily see Trump taking credit for this, satisfying some of his base this way. And let’s not forget, though Trump raises fears about creating registries for Muslims, to some degree registry databases for Muslims already exist. No fly lists are just one part of this. And police surveillance of Muslim communities, in mosques and schools, has been widely known and tolerated since 9/11. Trump could simply continue these as well. 
All of which is to say, as repression in Standing Rock and other places continues and a deteriorating environment, toothless climate accords, and unabated economic inequality demonstrate, for most people conditions are already intolerable. Even if Trump is prevented from following through on his promises of ethnically cleansing the US, Trump’s position concerning global warming has genocidal implications of its own. Promising to only intensify the poverty, insecurity, violence, and ecological degradation produced by a political-economic system that’s based on the exploitation of the planet and its people, Trump, and the system that produced him, must both be stopped. 
Of course, an opposition that merely aims to stop Trump will at best succeed in slowing him down. To prevail, an opposition must forcefully push in the opposite direction – toward universal health care, toward an expansion of the public realm as opposed to privatization, toward an aggressive prioritization of rights to water, housing, education, healthy food, a clean environment, and other requirements for human and environmental health, over the demands of profit. And, like other rights are said to be, these rights must be inalienable – not for sale – beyond the market. This should be the goal, the creation of an actually democratic system – an economic as well as a political democracy. 
Beyond rhetoric, for an opposition to prevail it must not simply proclaim that Trump is “not my president.” It must recognize that Trump (and the system itself) lacks legitimacy. This is not simply because Trump’s opponent obtained over a million more votes than he did, but because Trump promises to violate the very principles that (however much they’ve fallen short historically) justify the United States’ existence in the first place. 
Beyond Trump, however, the biophagous political-economic system that enabled him to attain so much power must be rejected as well. As the ancient legal maxim has it, the health of the people should be the supreme law. And, because the current global system has spread, and is designed to continue to spread, conditions of disease throughout the world, the entire system is in breach. Related ",0
7537,"Vito Acconci, an Artist as Influential as He Is Eccentric - The New York Times","In the late 1960s, the artist Vito Acconci wandered into a movie theater near Times Square hoping to catch an art film and was confused to see a group of   musicians take the stage. That group turned out to be the Velvet Underground, whose first album sold poorly but whose influence was so profound, as Brian Eno later said, that everyone who bought the record started a band. The same sentiment might be expressed about Mr. Acconci’s influence in the contemporary art world. The genetic impact of his performances, photographs and video works from just an   period  —   1968 to 1976  —   is so pervasive that it is difficult to trace. But Mr. Acconci, who turned 76 this year, has not had a retrospective in the United States in more than three decades, and his most important work can now sometimes seem more like legend than fact. That is set to change on June 19, when MoMA PS1 in Queens opens “Vito Acconci: Where We Are Now (Who Are We Anyway?) 1976,” which traces his career from his early days as a poet through his   heyday and around the corner of a radical turn in the   when he abandoned the gallery world and remade himself as a highly unorthodox architect and designer, to the confusion of many. In a series of interviews over the last three months as the PS1 show was being planned, Mr. Acconci spoke about his perpetual unease in the art world, and before that the poetry world, where he said he always felt like an outsider, someone with a relentless creative drive for which a genre had not  —   and still has not  —   been invented. Almost because of this, he has opened bold new avenues over the years for artists as important and widely varied as Laurie Anderson, Martin Kippenberger, Mike Kelley and Tania Bruguera. “I hated the word artist,” he said. “To me, even in the years when I was showing things in galleries, it seemed to me that I didn’t really have anything to do with art. The word itself sounded, and still sounds to me, like ‘high art,’ and that was never what I saw myself doing. ” As far as the art world was concerned, his leap into architecture  —   designs for things like public parks, airport rest areas and a   island  —   was almost as if Mr. Acconci decided to enter the witness protection program. But he disappeared right in the art world’s midst, continuing to teach generations of art students (at Brooklyn College and at Pratt Institute) working in a cluttered,   studio in Dumbo, Brooklyn and lecturing so often over the years that his   presence  —   his long unruly hair, his   wardrobe, his   voice with its distinctive loping stutter and, before he quit, the endless cigarettes he would light and stub out and light again  —   became a kind of ongoing work in itself. Born in the Bronx into a Catholic Italian family, the overprotected only son of a bathrobe manufacturer and a mother who later worked in a   cafeteria, Mr. Acconci came of age in the politically agitated years when artists began trying to find ways around the making and selling of objects. They turned to their bodies, their ideas and their actions as the currency of a new realm. Along with peers like Chris Burden, Adrian Piper, Dan Graham and Valie Export, Mr. Acconci began conceiving and documenting performances  —   at a rate of sometimes one a day in what he called “a kind of fever” in 1969  —   that were conducted on the streets or for audiences so small that they seemed almost not to have happened. In Mr. Acconci’s case, the work grew out of an experience as an aspiring poet and fiction writer whose fascination with the physical space of the page eventually led out into the world. In 1962, in thrall to postmodern writers like Alain   and John Hawkes, he enrolled in the graduate writing program at the University of Iowa, taking along with him a short story he had written, titled “” that when read anonymously in the class provoked a minor riot. Its subject, a horrifying   vision, was a recently limbless man. It began: “They cut him up and since the chairs had just been varnished for the celebration, he was set down on a giant floor urn. The   jar was   for most people, but not for Rockram, because he had no legs. ” “When the professor asked for reactions,” Mr. Acconci recalled, “one guy said that whoever wrote it should be chucked out the window into the Iowa River. ” Back in New York City after getting his degree, in the wastelands of the Lower East Side, the East Village and SoHo, Mr. Acconci began experimenting with using the city as another means of making literature. In one of his   early works, “Following Piece,” from 1969, he spent each day for almost a month following a person picked at random on the street, sometimes with a friend following Mr. Acconci to record the action. The rules were only that he had to keep following the person until he or she entered a private place where Mr. Acconci couldn’t go in. During years when crime and urban paranoia were spiking, the work might be seen as a creepy metaphor for vulnerability, but Mr. Acconci saw it essentially as an   and in many ways optimistic narrative. “It was sort of a way to get myself off the writer’s desk and into the city  —   it was like I was praying for people to take me somewhere I didn’t know how to go myself,” he once told the musician Thurston Moore. (The band Sonic Youth was formed not long after Mr. Moore first met Mr. Acconci and began playing in various arrangements with Kim Gordon and Mr. Acconci’s girlfriend at the time, Anne DeMarinis.) The dozens of performance pieces that followed through the early 1970s, many of them now   contained varying elements of existential unease, bodily discomfort, exhibitionism and gender play  —   elements he shared with some other artists of the time, particularly with female artists  —   but also a kind of wit and a Svengali aura that were Mr. Acconci’s own. In “Trademarks,” (1970) Mr. Acconci sat naked on a floor and bit himself wherever he could reach, then applied printer’s ink to the marks and stamped them on paper and other surfaces. In “Pryings” (1971) Mr. Acconci and Kathy Dillon engaged in a disturbing    in which she clenched her eyes shut as he grabbed her face and tried to force them open. (Ms. Dillon, with whom Mr. Acconci lived for a time, is a powerful presence in his early performances after they separated they fell out of touch. “Or a better way to say it would be that she thought she had to get away from me because I was taking too much of her life, which I guess I was,” he said.) In “Seedbed,” (1972)  —   undoubtedly Mr. Acconci’s   piece, which has in a sense unfairly overshadowed much of his other work  —   he constructed an angled false floor at the Sonnebend Gallery in SoHo and hid himself beneath it with a microphone, speaking luridly to the people who walked above him, masturbating as he spoke. The piece became a touchstone of performance art in part because of its sheer, outlandish audacity. But it also drew a remarkable line through the preoccupations that began Mr. Acconci’s career and carry it up to the present day. The idea for the act under the floor arose linguistically, after he turned to a thesaurus to find synonyms for the word “foundation” and was struck by the poetry of “seedbed. ” And in constructing the floor, he was already beginning to explore his interests in architecture and public space, in this case a space in which he could merge with the building, ceasing to be a discrete human presence and becoming instead a kind of quantum field. “I wanted people to go through space somehow, not to have people in front of space, looking at something, bowing down to something,” Mr. Acconci said of the performance. “I wanted space people could be involved in. ” Holly Block, the executive director of the Bronx Museum, which commissioned an architectural environment from him in 2009, said: “A lot of people don’t understand Vito’s turn to architecture, but I think he wanted to be more ambitious and make pieces that lived in the world  —   and in people’s lives  —   in a different way than artworks usually do, and it was a risky and courageous thing to do. ” Klaus Biesenbach, the director of PS1 and the organizer of the show, which was conceived as part of the institution’s 40th birthday, said: “He’s one of the most influential artists of his time because of the way he connects the private with the public sphere, the body with the street, the media space with the personal space. He’s challenging our limits about what we want to be private and what we want to be public, and those questions have only become more important. ” The show, which is being designed by Acconci Studios, the firm that Mr. Acconci runs in close collaboration with his wife, Maria, has been a kind of fragile    over the past months, threatening at times to collapse under his unpredictably evolving ideas and inspirations. “You have to think about him deciding ‘Maybe I should go to China tomorrow,’” said Mr. Biesenbach. “That’s just how Vito is. With great artists  —   and Vito is one  —   sometimes you have to have unprecedented flexibility. ” But the tension also comes from Mr. Acconci’s longstanding desire not to have his career bifurcated into   and  . “There are people who like to keep Vito in what I call a prison of a few years, and it’s not right,” said Maria Acconci, 36, a writer who met Mr. Acconci after seeing his work at a retrospective in Barcelona in 2004 and is a fierce defender of his prerogatives. Mr. Biesenbach said he believed the show would strike a delicate balance to reveal the connections between the early work and Acconci Studio  —   the “two Vitos,” as he calls it  —   though even as recently as late May he remained uncertain whether the exhibition would open as planned. Mr. Acconci, around the same time, seemed to be leaning toward it actually happening  —   legend becoming fact. “I never liked museums,” he said. “They always seemed artificially separated from real life. But you have to be seen, and I guess I’ve never cared enough about that. Maybe I should have. ”",0
7538,"What to Cook, Watch, Listen To and More This Weekend - The New York Times","“If a man’s friends do not take enough interest in him to play a few April Fool jokes on him   he might as well go to a monastery and stay there. ” Or so said The Times on April 1, 1892. So be on guard for pranks on Saturday. But in between, you could do some poses from our new guide to yoga for strength, or try these 10 ways to sharpen your kitchen senses (here’s why you should). And remember that thinking positively may improve your health and extend your life. No pressure. (Maybe you, too, have $763, 000 in unclaimed cash somewhere?) Have a great weekend! What do you want to see in these weekend roundups? Email us to let us know! • Looking for something to read this weekend? A good place to start is our weekly editors’ and critics’ picks. • And check out these great books new in paperback. • Of course, April Fools’ Day calls for comedy. Here are seven titles we recommend by leading voices in American humor, from Nora Ephron to Mindy Kaling to David Sedaris. • Ever had a book question but didn’t know who to ask? The Times is here with the answers: The Book Review is introducing Match Book, a new literary advice column. • For breakfast, get out that waffle maker collecting dust in the back of your cabinet and follow this    waffle recipe. Top it with   compote or (and? !) ice cream and blow the kids’ minds. • Had your mind set on something savory and eggy? No problem. Migas are here! • For dinner, try Amanda Hesser’s rigatoni with white Bolognese sauce. Not for nothing, it’s got 928   ratings. Also, it’s even better the second day. • Mark Bittman’s super easy   scallops are a lighter alternative. • If you’re in the mood for a project or feeding a   crowd, try out Sam Sifton’s adaptation of the late Jim Harrison’s Caribbean stew. Pork ribs, Italian sausage and chicken thighs, oh my. You might want a nice arugula salad on the side. • We’re beginning to see asparagus at the market. Here’s a helpful guide on how to buy it, store it and cook it • These chocolate peanut butter balls (known as buckeyes to the Midwesterners among us) are super easy to make and delightful to eat • Passover and Easter are approaching quickly. If you’re planning on serving lamb or ham this Easter, order yours this weekend. And after Easter, don’t forget to freeze the hock. You can make these awesome Cuban black beans. • And in preparation for Monday: What to cook when you’d rather be doing anything else • All that and more in Sam Sifton’s weekly guide to weekend cooking • Listen to the songs that caught our pop music critics’ attention this week. • Catch up with our latest Popcast podcast, hosted by Jon Caramanica, pop music critic for The Times. • Read our review of Aimee Mann’s first solo album in five years, then listen to it right on that page through Spotify. • If you liked “Serial,” try the new “This American Life” podcast “ . ” • Here are the best TV shows and movies new to Netflix, Amazon and more streaming services in April. • The team at Watching, our film and TV recommendation website, has rounded up picks for what to stream this weekend. (The Watching newsletter just turned one now is an excellent time to sign up for it if you haven’t already.) • Watching the “Walking Dead” season finale on Sunday? Here are the questions our TV team is considering leading up to it. • Catch a show without breaking the bank with our guide to cheap Broadway tickets. (Now, what to see? Find all of our theater reviews here.) • Check out these 10 cultural highlights, including Prospect Park’s   opening weekend and soul and RB singer Madison McFerrin at Joe’s Pub. • If you find yourself at Mimi’s at midnight (unless it’s Saturday or Monday) see one of New York’s most eccentric and unsung acts  —   he’s known as “Chicken Delicious. ”",0
7539,Apple Is Said to Be Rethinking Strategy on Self-Driving Cars - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Apple is rethinking what it plans to do about   cars, just as other big tech companies appear ready to plow ahead with competing efforts. In a retrenchment of one of its most ambitious initiatives, Apple has shuttered parts of its   car project and laid off dozens of employees, according to three people briefed on the move who were not allowed to speak about it publicly. The job cuts are the latest sign of trouble with Apple’s car initiative. The company has added resources to the project  —     Titan  —   over the last two years, but it has struggled to make progress. And in July, the company brought in Bob Mansfield, a highly regarded Apple veteran, to take over the effort. Apple is not the only big tech company pursuing autonomous driving technology. Alphabet, the parent company of Google, has tested   cars on the road for years, but its focus has been on designing the underlying software and systems to make that technology work. Tesla has a   feature within its cars that has come under scrutiny in recent months after a fatal accident was connected to its use. Separately, Uber, in a limited test in Pittsburgh next week, plans to start picking up passengers in   cars. Last month, Uber also acquired the   Otto for about $700 million, a purchase that brought with it some of the top minds in robotics and autonomous technology. And automakers like Ford, General Motors and Fiat Chrysler have all said they expect to put a number of   vehicles on the road in five years or less. But Apple has stood out from the others mainly  —   as is often the case with the company  —   for its secrecy. Apple has never acknowledged that it is working on a car, though Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, has said the automotive industry is undergoing a drastic change and, earlier this year, he seemed to confirm the existence of the car project at its annual shareholders meeting. “Do you remember when you were a kid, and Christmas Eve, it was so exciting, you weren’t sure what was going to be downstairs?” Mr. Cook said at the meeting. “Well, it’s going to be Christmas Eve for a while. ” Apple employees were told that the layoffs were part of a “reboot” of the car project, the people briefed on it said. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. Under Mr. Mansfield, Apple changed the focus of the project, shifting from an emphasis on designing and producing an automobile to building out the underlying technology for an autonomous vehicle. Bloomberg earlier reported the strategy change. Electric cars rely not on the internal combustion engine, but on technologies more prevalent in the consumer electronics world: batteries, sensors and software. In addition,   cars could change the traditional notions of public transportation and car ownership. Apple started looking seriously into building an electric car about two years ago. It expanded the project quickly, poaching experts in battery technology and   machine vision, as well as veterans from the automobile industry. The team also pulled in staff members from other divisions across Apple, growing to more than 1, 000 employees in about 18 months. But as the project grew rapidly, it encountered a number of problems, and people working on it struggled to explain what Apple could bring to a   car that other companies could not, according to the people briefed on the project. Steven Zadesky, a longtime Apple employee initially charged with heading the car effort, left the company for personal reasons this year. His departure opened the door for Mr. Mansfield, who worked closely with Apple’s   Steve Jobs, but left the company’s executive team in 2013. He had all but retired from Apple except for the occasional visit to the company’s headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. He was coaxed into coming back to oversee the project, which could represent a new market for Apple as sales of its flagship iPhone are slowing. Apple has also made some headway in the space. The company has a number of fully autonomous vehicles in the middle of testing, using limited operating routes in a closed environment, according to people briefed on the company’s plans. Like other companies in the space, that technology is likely a number of years away from seeing mainstream consumer use, they added.",0
7540,UFC GYM® Celebrates “Veterans Day” with Complimentary Military Access,"Vertical Pools Help Heal Wounded Combat Veterans Seeks Positive Doers To Help Make It Happen ‹ › Since 2011, VNN has operated as part of the Veterans Today Network ; a group that operates over 50 plus media, information and service online sites for U.S. Military Veterans. UFC GYM® Celebrates “Veterans Day” with Complimentary Military Access By VNN on November 1, 2016 Complimentary 'Bootcamp' Themed Class Offered on Saturday, November 12 
UFC GYM® will celebrate the upcoming Veterans Day holiday by offering active duty and veteran military personnel as well as their families VIP status at more than 130 locations across the United States from Friday, November 11 through Sunday, November 13. 
During this celebratory weekend, VIP attendees will receive total gym access, including a special ‘Bootcamp’ themed Daily Ultimate Training® (DUT®) class on Saturday, November 12. The 50-minute class is designed to challenge participants of all fitness levels and will include a variation of exercises often used in military training. For this specific class, all sessions will also be offered using body-weight based exercises, making it easy to execute in any setting. 
Due to limited spacing, attendees are encouraged to contact their local club for more information. Please visit your local club at UFCGYM.com for the time slots offered for this class. 
Offering a full-range of functional fitness classes, group and private MMA training, group fitness, personal and group dynamic performance-based training, plus MMA youth programming, UFC GYM creates training programs to fit all ages and fitness levels. UFC GYM programming has been developed through exclusive access to the training regimens of internationally-acclaimed UFC® athletes, providing members with everything they need for the entire family to move, get fit and live a healthy life. 
Since debuting in 2009, UFC GYM has opened more than 135 locations throughout the United States, 
Australia, Canada, South America and the United Arab Emirates. The fitness franchise has continued to grow at a rapid pace with more than 50 locations opening in the past two years and over 50 gyms expected to open in the next year. 
For more information about UFC GYM, please visit UFC GYM.com , or follow us on Facebook.com , Twitter or Instagram: @UFCGYM. You can also subscribe on YouTube at UFCGYM . 
About UFC GYM® 
UFC GYM® is the first major brand extension of UFC®, the world leader in the sport of mixed martial arts (MMA). In alliance with New Evolution Ventures(tm) (NeV), developers of many of the world’s most successful fitness brands, the UFC GYM brand gives UFC enthusiasts and fitness seekers of all ages the opportunity to practice the training techniques of famed UFC athletes. Offering a full-range of group fitness classes, private MMA training, personal and group dynamic training, plus MMA style youth programming, UFC GYM creates something for all ages and fitness levels. As the first to combine the world of mixed martial arts and fitness, UFC GYM’s TRAIN DIFFERENT® approach has developed an atmosphere where members can see immediate results. UFC GYM is the ultimate fitness experience. The brand is not what you expect, and more than you can imagine, aiming to continue revolutionizing the fitness industry. Related Posts:",0
7541,Checking In at Trump Hotels - The New York Times,"If you were an alien and had just beamed down to Doral, Fla. the gold letters on a Spanish   building amid 800 acres of golf courses would leave no doubt as to who owns the resort: TRUMP. You might, however, find yourself wondering if this Trump fellow is a reality television star, a titan of industry or a vintner. Trump chardonnay and Trump sauvignon blanc (about $25 each) line the shelves of the Marketplace Cafe at Trump National Doral Miami. Trump nail polish sets ($25) glittery Trump pouches ($30) and Empire by Trump eau de toilette ($62) are sold in a gift shop. A lounge area is replete with framed magazine covers of Donald J. Trump. There he is on Newsweek, mouth agape, pointing at the viewer, beside the words, “You’re Fired!” There he is in a tuxedo on the cover of Playboy with Brandi Brandt, a former Playmate, who appears to be clad in nothing more than his suit jacket. And there he is gazing at the camera, chin in hand, on the cover of GQ in an issue about “men who take risks and make millions. ” But it is the 2011 cover of a golf magazine, Fairways and Greens, that really grabs the viewer. Mr. Trump, with a golf club at his side, is shown next to the words: “President Trump?” Turns out, it was a prescient question. Mr. Trump’s candidacy has drawn attention not only to his policy positions, but also to everything that bears the Trump name, including about a dozen   hotels and resorts from Waikiki, Honolulu, Hawaii, to Turnberry Ayrshire, Scotland. This year, Trump Hotels  —   the hotel company founded in 2007 by Mr. Trump and three of his children (Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric)  —   is planning to open Trump International Hotel  Tower Vancouver, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro and Trump International Hotel, Washington, D. C. In coming years, the company said it will expand to Asia. And next year, it will introduce a lifestyle hotel brand. While the Trump name is ubiquitous, Trump Hotels may not be as familiar to travelers as larger brands with longer histories like Marriott and Hilton. Are Trump Hotels as big, brash and over the top as the man for whom they’re named? In visits to Trump properties in and around New York, Miami and Las Vegas, I set out to see how it feels to be a guest of the man who would be president. As you roll across the paths of Trump National Doral Miami in a golf cart emblazoned with a Trump crest, bird calls alternate with the thwack of golf balls, and every staff members offers a friendly nod or hello. Acre after acre is manicured with   flower beds, orderly rows of palm trees and clipped greens where golf luminaries like Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods have trod. A fallen palm frond the size of a surfboard hadn’t been on the ground more than a few minutes before an employee pulled up in a golf cart, lifted it onto the roof and drove off, trailing an electric whir, and then, silence. It was a muggy spring afternoon, and the quietude belied the news that had broken days earlier. A staff member said the PGA Tour, which has held an annual tournament at Doral for more than half a century (the Trumps bought the property in 2012) was planning to move it  —   to Mexico. Mr. Trump, who last year had choice words for Mexican immigrants, broke the news on May 31 that the Tour is moving: “They’re moving it to Mexico City which, by the way, I hope they have kidnapping insurance,” he told Fox News. The PGA Tour commissioner said the move was  not a political statement. The next day, however, Ricardo Salinas, the chief executive of the Mexican conglomerate that’s moving the tournament, tweeted at Mr. Trump: “You’re welcome to join us at the WGC,” he wrote, referring to the World Golf Championships. “Only good things can turn out, if you know the real Mexico. ” Though the PGA Tour may be a thing of the past, Mr. Trump has poured some $250 million into the resort’s future. In April, nearly 50 “spa suites” were opened near the Trump Spa, part of the property’s extensive renovation. The suites, decorated in rich blues with abstract art that evokes the ocean, include soaking tubs use of the Trump Spa lounge areas and, in the evening, Trump wine. Inside the suites (a night in a   in June was $425) one finds Trump Hotel Collection products like bath crystals and a Trump yoga mat bag, one of several amenities to encourage “wellness. ” Gold is used sparingly: Objets d’art and glass boxes for storing jewelry or sunglasses lend an understated glamour. Perhaps it’s not surprising then that the spa suites were overseen not by Mr. Trump, whose aesthetic is more aligned with opulent hotels in the Middle East and Asia, but by Ivanka Trump, an executive vice president of development and acquisitions for the Trump Organization. Admiring a decorative gold sphere, I turned over a nearby vase to see if it had a mark from a designer like Kelly Wearstler or Jonathan Adler. It had a sticker: West Elm. Maybe someone ought to have peeled it off. But I’m glad they didn’t: Design trends today mix high and low with abandon one can picture young décor buffs sharing photos of the suites on Pinterest. The gold sphere was $29 to $39 on WestElm. com cream and gold coasters on the coffee table were $31 for four. A charming bud vase had a CB2 sticker ($10. 95 on CB2. com). Generally speaking, the hallways and rooms of Trump Hotels are surprisingly subdued, save for the occasional Trumpian flourish: a gold toilet handle, or chandeliers that appear to have been sized for the “Game of Thrones” giant Wun Wun. Beyond the gold and glossy exteriors and marble lobbies, the private spaces are   decorated in grays, cream and chocolates. That restraint extends to other aspects of the properties. Music at the pools and restaurants is often, refreshingly, not at full volume. And the hotels are nonsmoking, even in Las Vegas, a city where you can burn your paycheck at any number of hotel casinos. Yet Trump International Hotel Las Vegas doesn’t have a casino. Rather, it sells Trump piggy banks for $10. The facade of the Las Vegas property is another matter it’s the hotel with the unrepentant Midas touch. The building looks like a bar of gold bullion but, after all, it’s Vegas Mandalay Bay is equally blinding. “Make America Great Again” baseball caps are proffered in the Trump Store ($30) and adorn the bar at the poolside cafe, H2 Eau, amid bottles of vodka. “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway,” reads a quote from Mr. Trump splashed across a   mirror at H2 Eau, “think big. ” The maxim applies to the rooms. My room in Las Vegas, upgraded to a suite at    —   possibly because the staff is attentive and it was the third time I booked a hotel as a Trump Card member (the brand’s free loyalty program) or because the hotel figured out where I work (I didn’t book using a New York Times email or phone number, though I used my name)  —   included a   refrigerator, a Wolf stove and a Bosch dishwasher. Even at Trump SoHo New York, the smallest rooms are an impressive 420 square feet. The price of admission befits a luxury hotel. The cheapest available room on a July weekend at Trump International Hotel  Tower New York was $563 a night, according to a recent online search. At Trump International Hotel  Tower Chicago, it was $420 a night. That said, rooms are not always out of reach. For instance, one search turned up rooms at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for $165 a night. Restaurant prices are what one expects at   hotels. At BLT Prime at Trump National Doral Miami, ahi tuna was $37 a   New York strip steak was $51. The hotels also tend to have cafes and shops with affordable sandwiches and snacks. If, however, you get a yen for, say, the bag of gold Trump chocolate bullions in your room at Trump SoHo, it will set you back $35. Sitting at a table in the Trump Bar at Trump Tower New York, the skyscraper used as Wayne Enterprises in the film “The Dark Knight Rises,” Ivanka Trump said the Trump Hotels customer can’t be pigeonholed. “We have millennials,” she said one spring evening during a reception in conjunction with the N. Y. U. International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference, “people from the entertainment business, entrepreneurs, titans of industry and those at the beginning of their careers. ” During recent visits to Trump Hotels, I met men and women on vacation or traveling on business, some with families. Guests spoke English, French, Chinese, Hebrew and more. The Trump Hotels website is available in several languages, including Chinese and Arabic, even as Mr. Trump proposes to squeeze China and bar Muslims from entering the United States. Asked to describe their guests, staffers at Trump SoHo said they are chief executives, athletes and actors. The Kardashians have been frequent visitors, though that doesn’t necessarily reflect their politics. “I know you like the Trump hotel, but honestly how do you feel about Trump running for president? ,” Khloé Kardashian’s friend, Malika Haqq, asked her in November on their vlog, Ebony  Ivory. Ms. Kardashian replied: “Wha —   how does that have to do with the Trump hotel?” “Well, no,” she continued, “I don’t think he should be president. ” Other celebrity guests have chimed in, too. After Mr. Trump said that he would bar Muslims from entering the United States, Lucy Lawless, who played the title role in the television series “Xena: Warrior Princess,” tweeted: “I used to stay in Trump hotels. Can never again,” and urged her more than 140, 000 Twitter followers to boycott the brand. Recently, “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” created a fake commercial for Trump Hotels with the tagline “We’re not to blame!” and apologies to groups Mr. Trump may have offended. Indeed, some companies think Mr. Trump’s campaign has hurt his hotel business. Hipmunk, the travel comparison site, said in May that “while overall Hipmunk hotel bookings have been on the rise    that has not been the case with bookings of Trump Hotels. ” The share of Trump bookings on Hipmunk as a percent of total bookings was down 59 percent year over year. In New York City and Las Vegas, Trump Hotels’ share as a percentage of each city’s total hotel bookings tumbled more than 70 percent. But Trump Hotels executives say the brand has never been stronger. Four of its hotels were among the 0. 4 percent of hotels that made AAA’s Five Diamond list this year. Asked at Trump Tower if Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign has helped or hurt the hotels, Ivanka Trump said “it’s been an upward trajectory,” adding that it may have been the case without the campaign. Behind the    sheets, there has been controversy, from the bankruptcy of Mr. Trump’s hotels and casinos in Atlantic City, N. J. to a lawsuit involving Trump SoHo from buyers who alleged they had been defrauded. More recently, Mr. Trump is suing the chefs José Andrés and Geoffrey Zakarian, both of whom canceled plans to open restaurants in the Trump International Hotel, Washington, D. C. because of Mr. Trump’s comments about Mexican immigrants. Still, the family business rolls on. In the fall the company plans to share details about its new lifestyle hotel brand, as yet unnamed. One name it won’t have is Trump. Is that because the name isn’t good for business? Ivanka Trump said it’s because some properties simply aren’t right for the Trump brand. It’s common, in fact, for hotel companies to spawn brands that don’t use their name. Marriott, for instance, has nearly 20 brands, including the  . So, are Trump Hotels as splashy as the man for whom they’re named? Only on the surface. Beyond the facades and lobbies there’s a feeling of calm and comfort. No smoking. No gaudy colors. Even the service is what one employee called “ghost service”  —   omnipresent but silent. Mr. Trump, too, is omnipresent. Just not silent. In guest rooms he appears in videos about Trump Hotels on a television channel in a seemingly   loop. “The thing I do best is build,” says Mr. Trump during one featuring the forthcoming Trump hotel in the nation’s capital, set to open weeks before the United States presidential election. “Better than ‘The Apprentice,’ ” he says. “Better than politics. ”",0
7542,No Need for Holmes. Obama Sheds Light on a Winston Churchill Mystery. - The New York Times,"HANOVER, Germany  —   It has been, perhaps, one of the most enduring mysteries of President Obama’s tenure: What really happened to the bust of Winston Churchill that was once displayed in the Oval Office? With just months left in his term, Mr. Obama’s first comments on the matter, in Europe last week, may have finally cleared up the truth of a tale that has persisted for more than seven years. For conservatives in both America and Britain, the disappearance of the bust from its place of honor soon after the end of George W. Bush’s presidency was  evidence of a liberal snub by Mr. Obama. In their view, he clearly did not fully appreciate the greatness of the British prime minister, who served during and after World War II. (The bust was replaced, White House officials said at the time, with one of Abraham Lincoln.) The conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer, the onetime Republican presidential contender Mike Huckabee and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a current Republican presidential candidate, are among those who have chastised Mr. Obama over the years for returning the bust to the British. Less than a month after Mr. Obama’s first inauguration in 2009, a British newspaper bluntly accused him of sending “Sir Winston Churchill packing. ” Not true, the White House insisted at the time, offering various explanations. William Allman, the White House curator, said in a 2010 interview with CBS News that the bust, on loan to Mr. Bush by Tony Blair, the former British prime minister, “was already scheduled to go back” before Mr. Obama took office. The bust was returned “as a matter of course” by the new administration along with other art that had been on loan to Mr. Bush for display during his term in office, White House officials said. Dan Pfeiffer, the president’s communications director at the time, blasted Mr. Krauthammer, calling his charge about the disappearing bust “100 percent false” and saying that “news outlets have debunked this claim time and again. ” In a blog post labeled a “fact check” on the White House website, Mr. Pfeiffer wrote: “The bust still in the White House. In the Residence. Outside the Treaty Room. ” Mr. Pfeiffer later apologized to Mr. Krauthammer after admitting that the bust outside the Treaty Room was, in fact, a different Churchill bust, given to President Lyndon B. Johnson in the 1960s. Still, Mr. Pfeiffer insisted, the return of the Oval Office bust was “not something that President Obama or his administration chose to do” and was not “a symbol of President Obama’s failure to appreciate the special relationship. ” But late last week, Boris Johnson, the mayor of London, renewed the charge, writing in a British tabloid that the Oval Office bust had been “banished” and suggesting that it could be “a symbol of the   president’s ancestral dislike of the British Empire  —   of which Churchill had been such a fervent defender. ” Countering such charges is typically left to a president’s aides. But asked at a news conference Friday about the mayor’s comments, Mr. Obama seemed to relish the chance to set everyone straight, once and for all, about the fate of the Churchill bust. The president started by explaining that when it came to Churchill, “I love the guy. ” He offered as proof the Churchill bust that sits outside the Treaty Room, the president’s private office on the second floor of the White House residence, not far from the first family’s living quarters. “I see it every day, including on weekends, when I’m going into that office to watch a basketball game,” he said. “The primary image I see is a bust of Winston Churchill. It’s there voluntarily, because I can do anything on the second floor. I love Winston Churchill. ” But then Mr. Obama went on to explain what had happened to the bust lent by Mr. Blair, the one that critics had accused him of summarily sending back to the British. It was, Mr. Obama said, his decision to return that Churchill to his native land, because he wanted to replace it with a bust of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. “There are only so many tables where you can put busts. Otherwise, it starts looking a little cluttered,” the president explained. “And I thought it was appropriate, and I suspect most people here in the United Kingdom might agree, that as the first   president, it might be appropriate to have a bust of Dr. Martin Luther King in my office. ” He added that the choice of Dr. King was “to remind me of all the hard work of a lot of people who would somehow allow me to have the privilege of holding this office. ” That appears to contradict the longstanding denials by White House officials, including Mr. Pfeiffer, that neither Mr. Obama nor anyone else in his administration had chosen to dispatch Churchill’s likeness in favor of someone else’s. By Mr. Obama’s admission, he made the decision to replace the Churchill bust with one of Dr. King. “I think people should know my thinking there,” Mr. Obama told the reporters in London. Mystery solved. Except for one thing: The version of events in which Lincoln had replaced Churchill was mentioned in most stories about the issue (including in this paper). Mr. Pfeiffer included news reports about it in his 2012 blog post attacking Mr. Krauthammer. “The A. P. reported that President Obama ‘replaced the Oval Office fixture with a bust of one of his American heroes, President Abraham Lincoln,’ ” he wrote. Mr. Pfeiffer no longer works for Mr. Obama he is now vice president of communications and policy for GoFundMe, a website that helps its users raise money for causes. Current White House officials said the Churchill bust had been replaced with one of Dr. King, but the Oval Office still has a Lincoln bust as well, perhaps leading to the confusion. After all, one White House official noted, Mr. Obama did say the Oval Office could get a little cluttered.",0
7543,"Perkins: Trump Shifting Power Back to the People, Away from Hollywood and Media","Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, recapped with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow the recent March for Life and discussed future   legislation under President Trump. [In terms of the larger picture, Perkins said, “this is about the American people. ” If Trump “holds his ground,” he added, “I do think we will see a shifting of the power back to the American people and away from Hollywood and the media. ”  Perkins pointed out that it was the average American’s frustration with media and   elite culture that ultimately fueled Trump’s election in November. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
7544,Trump Haters Boycott Ivanka’s Clothing Line Because Of Father’s Sexual Assault Accusers,"“That is what ‘Trump’ means to me,” she said. “It doesn’t matter if Ivanka’s name is in front of it, or Donald’s.” 
“Supporting a brand — Trump — that condones sexual assault and makes excuses for it is wrong,” said Ledford. 
Donald Trump’s daughter is not Donald Trump. Ivanka Trump has not in any way, ever, condoned sexual assault. But let’s not let little things like facts get in the way of anyone’s feelings .   
Boutique marketer Shannon Coulter was willing to forgive Ivanka Trump for campaigning for her father until the “locker room tape” emerged. 
But no more. 
“(Women) were ready to give Ivanka a pass because she’s his daughter and it’s hard to be objective about your dad,” wrote Coulter. 
“But the Trump tape just sent people over the edge,” she continued. “I think (women) took particular offense, as I did, to the fact that Ivanka tries to make feminism a part of her brand but is standing by, as an official campaign surrogate, a guy who is an alleged serial sexual assaulter of women. The disconnect was too big. And they were ready to speak up about it and flex their consumer power about it.”  ",0
7545,Report: Hillary Clinton Rallies Donors at Haim Saban’s House in Beverly Hills,"Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton attended a dinner at media mogul Haim Saban and wife Cheryl’s Beverly Hills mansion on Thursday night along with several major donors to her 2016 campaign, according to a report. [Sources told Variety that the dinner was meant as a   to 2016 campaign donors and as an introduction to the former candidate’s creation of a new political group called Onward Together, which Clinton is reportedly expected to launch this month.  Saban, the billionaire mogul behind Saban Entertainment, was one of Clinton’s top Hollywood donors during the 2016 campaign, having given more than $12 million to Priorities USA Action, the SuperPAC that had supported her run. The Sabans hosted Clinton at their Beverly Hills home multiple times during the 2016 campaign, including in August, when the former candidate participated in a    session with around 80 guests, with tickets going for a reported $100, 000 per couple. That dinner also drew   donors like Disney CEO Bob Iger, former DreamWorks Animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg, Chernin Group founder Peter Chernin, and actors Will Ferrell and Tony Goldwyn. Thursday night’s dinner was attended by around   people, sources told Variety. Both Hillary and Bill Clinton are reportedly in Los Angeles to attend the graduation of nephew Zach Rodham from USC. Politico reported this month that Clinton is expected to launch a new political group, Onward Together (a play on her campaign slogan, Stronger Together) as soon as this month. The group will reportedly fund other organizations and activists working to resist President Donald Trump’s legislative agenda. According to the report, Clinton has been quietly lining up donors and filling out the Board of the new group over the past several weeks.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
7546,Trumpocalypse & 5 Ridiculously Outdated Assumptions Every Statist Makes,"Waking Times 
“If the matrix gives you Trumpocalypse, then use secret alchemical means to create matrix-shifting Trumpocalyptic lemonade.” ~ Rob Brezsny 
When people asked Carl Jung, who actually met Hitler, how he manipulated the psyche of the German people, Jung replied, “Hitler didn’t manipulate the psyche of the German people, he was the psyche of the German people.” 
If, as Mark Twain said, “History does not repeat itself, but it rhymes,” and you’re still wondering how this racist, xenophobic, authoritarian, climate-science-denying, misogynistic, “grab-them-by-the-pussy” candidate somehow made his way into the presidency, then look no further than a mirror. For far too long you have given into the idea that an authority will save you. You were under the delusion that you needed someone to rule over you. That delusion has led to someone who just so happens to want to rule over you. Are you really that surprised? 
If you’re not careful your own Stockholm syndrome will have you thinking the state is moral and just and wants to empower you to be free. It doesn’t. It’s the complete opposite, in fact. It wants you to remain blindly subservient to its outdated laws and its chain of obedience which leads right up the immoral-laden ladder to the president who holds the violent monopoly on power. 
This isn’t about who won the presidency. This is not about bipartisan fuckery. This is about the illegitimacy of any presidency, ever . This is about the illegitimacy of authority and the immoral nature of entrenched power. The state is unhealthy, unsustainable, immoral, and violent, and who ever rules over it is thereby illegitimate; whether it’s the orange-headed, spoon-fed baby of a man, FrankenTrump, vomiting hate and racism through narcissistic, ignorant, misogynistic, and bigoted bully tactics, or the status quo queen, Killary Clinton, spewing Military Industrial Complex rhetoric from her plutocratic pulpit backed by greedy corporations from Wall Street calling themselves “persons” backed by even greedier corrupt banksters with their vampire-tentacles in every country’s pie. As Larken Rose said, “The only “us versus them” that matters is not about race, religion, nationality, or income level; it is about aggressors and their victims.” 1.) They Sheepishly Assume They Need Someone to Rule Over Them 
“A man is no less a slave because he is allowed to choose a new master once in a term of years.” ~ Lysander Spooner 
It’s not your fault, really. You were born and raised in a culture that conditioned and brainwashed you into believing that you must answer to someone. From your authoritarian upbringing to your indoctrinated school years, you were propagandized and persuaded into thinking people are inherently bad so they must be led by people who are… somehow not bad? Huh?! 
Here’s the thing: people are, for the most part, a product of their environment. We’ve all been programmed to be kowtowing statists by an extremely unhealthy, unsustainable, immoral, and violent state. To break the cycle, we must break our addiction to being ruled over by such a state. We must reprogram our programming. Unlearn what we have learned. Recondition the precondition. It’s time to rise up and become an author of self (self-authority). 
This is your life; not your parent’s life, not your peer’s life, not your state’s life. As Eliezer Yudkowsky said, “You are personally responsible for becoming more ethical than the society you grew up in.” It begins by admitting that you need neither masters no rulers, neither president nor queen, to rule over you. It begins by empowering yourself and taking responsibility for your own power. 2.) They Falsely Assume Leadership Means Rulership 
“I find it extremely liberating to see that I was the cause of all my problems. With this realization, I have also learned I am my own solution. This is the great big gift of personal accountability. When we stop blaming external forces and own up to our responsibility we become the ultimate creators of our destiny.” ~Jenna Galbut 
Contrary to popular statist dogma, it is possible to have rules (cosmic law; Golden Rule; non-aggression principle) without the need for rulers and masters. Through bottom-up leadership as opposed to top-down leadership. It begins by not being an ignorant statist who gives his/her power to a tyrannical state. It begins by speaking your own truth to power, and then becoming a leader of your own. It begins by being proactive with the power you’ve wrestled back from the state and then leading by example. It begins by realizing that nobody –no president, no king, not even God– can give you permission to be free. In fact, every single president from Washington to Trump only had power because people believed it. Without that petty belief, they were nothing more than charismatic, fallible men. 
You, and you alone, must become a freedom unto yourself. And that may require a little revolt. Especially if you discover that you’re not so well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. As Niels Bohr said, “Every valuable human being must be a radical and a rebel, for what he must aim at is to make things better than they are.” 3.) They Ignorantly Assume Voting and Taxation are Moral and Just 
“If taxation without consent is robbery, the United States government has never had, has not now, and is never likely to have, a single honest dollar in its treasury. If taxation without consent is not robbery, then any band of robbers have only to declare themselves a government, and all their robberies are legalized.” ~Lysander Spooner 
Taxation without consent is immoral. There is no way to wriggle out of this profound truth. It’s especially immoral in a state where violence is threatened if you do not consent. Most naïve statists assume they must pay taxes in order to live freely. When, really, it’s the exact opposite of that. You’re only free if you’re able to choose to pay taxes or not without the threat of violence or imprisonment hanging over your head. Otherwise it’s just soft slavery. Deep down, we’re all anarchists. We know, inherently and instinctively, that all transactions should be voluntary. We’ve just been programmed to make an exception for the state. 
Voting is indirectly violent, as the result directly forces majority rule on the minority who did not consent. Voting is a profound futility, an egregious gamble. As Robert Rorschach said, “If the outcome of a vote is unknown, then voting is tantamount to gambling. If the outcome of a vote is known, then voting is futile.” Most naïve statists have been conditioned to believe that voting is the only way to change things, that one must do it from the inside. Nothing could be further from the truth. Real change only occurs outside the doing-things-over-and-over-again-and-expecting-different-results ballot box. No matter what, you’re only ever going to get a puppet popping out. Trump just happens to be the latest jack-in-the-box, albeit orange, ugly, and dumb. 4.) They Blindly Assume Their Nation State is the Greatest Nation State 
“Don’t believe yourself, and don’t believe anyone else. If you don’t believe, what is not true will dissolve in front of your eyes. Only what is true will remain, because what is true doesn’t need anyone to believe it” ~ Don Miguel Ruiz 
Men never act so contentedly (and conveniently) evil as when they do so from a patriotic conviction. With hyper-nationalized perspectives whipping their brains into xenophobic scrambled eggs, and border-worshipping divisiveness cutting them off from any authentic engagement with the rest of the world, statists are the new dogmatists. They are brainwashed extremists, worshiping law and order, power and violence, and grossly outdated notions of how to be a flourishing human in an ever-changing world. They assume waiving a flag is an honorable thing. When flags are nothing more than propagandized “bits of colored cloth that governments use first to shrink-wrap people’s minds and then as ceremonial shrouds to bury the dead ( Arundhati Roy) .” 
“Flags don’t unite us” as Belfast surmised; “they only reinforce our false sense of entitlement to lands we were born into by sheer chance.” And yet the inured statist myopically moos, ignorantly sneering at other nations from a platform of convictions gotten at second-hand, and without examination, from “authorities” who have had their own convictions spoon-fed to them by parochial forefathers who themselves didn’t have the courage to question the legitimacy of authority. As Mark Twain cryptically stated, “To create man was a fine and original idea; but to add the sheep was a tautology.” Indeed. Avoid the tautology (and the Trumpocalypse). Progressively evolve. Liberate yourself from the outdated ill-reasoning that you ever needed a chain of obedience, let alone a president. 5.) They Tragically Assume Violence is the Answer 
“Like all great ideas, anarchism is pretty simple when you get down to it –human beings are at their best when they are living free of authority, deciding things among themselves rather than being ordered about.” ~Clifford Harper 
This is by far the worst of the five outdated assumptions. The fact that people still think that peace comes from waging war is mind-boggling to those of us who have freed ourselves from the state and discovered empathy and compassion from our interdependence with each other as free human beings in solidarity with leaving a healthy world for our children. 
It’s simple, really. To become a better human all you need is a simplified perspective: Your birth place –Earth, your race –Human, your politics –Freedom, your spirituality –Love. It’s so easy it’s stupid. All it requires is a shedding of your statist skin, and a transformation into a free human being who seeks to free others from the sickness of statism. 
The only way all of us win is through horizontal democracy that’s void of centralized government. In other words: no masters, no rulers. In short: democratic anarchy. The Mohawk, Onondaga, Oneida, Cayuga, Seneca, and Tuscarora peoples did it through the Iroquois Confederacy, living in authentic democracy for hundreds of years before the tyranny of the state ruined everything. So it’s not some far-fetched utopian dream. If they did it, so can we. Democratic anarchy, combined with the non-violent non-aggression principle , has the potential to usher in an age of peace, and a progressively sustainable evolution for our species. Read more articles by Gary ‘Z’ McGee . About the Author 
Gary ‘Z’ McGee , a former Navy Intelligence Specialist turned philosopher, is the author of Birthday Suit of God and The Looking Glass Man . His works are inspired by the great philosophers of the ages and his wide awake view of the modern world. Like Waking Times on Facebook . Follow Waking Times on Twitter . This article ( Trumpocalypse & 5 Ridiculously Outdated Assumptions Every Statist Makes ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is printed here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Gary ‘Z’ McGee and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this statement of copyright. 
~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
7547,“Sex Shop Kierkegaard: punto de encuentro para amantes del placer intelectual”,"«El garito más exclusivo de la ciudad» 

Esta fantástica coctelería recibe el nombre por el modo en que te miran los seguratas de la puerta. Es tan exclusiva que los camareros no aspiran a ser actores, porque ya lo son. A nosotros nos atendió Antonio de la Torre, y fue muy atento. Ojo: no dejan pasar a grupos grandes. Mi mujer tuvo que provocarse el parto en la puerta y dejar al niño en guardarropía. Por lo demás, mis diez. 
FRAN BERMÚDEZ «Un buen rato entre gatos» 
★★★★ 
Una preciosa iniciativa del Ayuntamiento de Barcelona para todas las solteras de más de 35 años. Gatalia es una exposición con todo tipo de parafernalia felina. Tienen una amplia colección de gatos siameses, siendo la joya de la corona Haagen y Dazs, los únicos gatos siameses-siameses del mundo, unidos por el tronco. Si tengo que poner alguna pega, el espectáculo musical fue decepcionante. Los gatos no vomitaban bolas de pelo al ritmo de la música. No olvides probar los rollitos de primavera, con su ingrediente “secreto” 😉 😉 
NAZARET FERRER",0
7548,Review: A ‘Tarzan’ With a Few Twists in the Hollywood Vine - The New York Times,"“The Legend of Tarzan” has a whole lot of fun,   things going for it  —   adventure, romance, natural landscapes, digital animals and oceans of rippling handsome  . Its sweep and easy pleasures come from its   escapades  —   it’s one long dash through the jungle by foot, train, boat and swinging vine  —   but what makes it more enjoyable than other recycled stories of this type is that the filmmakers have given Tarzan a thoughtful, imperfect makeover. That must have been tough given the origin story’s white supremacy problems. Tarzan has always had bad optics  —   white hero, black land  —   to state the excessively obvious. Probably the only real way to avoid his negative image would be to let him molder on the shelf and in our cultural memory. Except that this wild child raised by apes turned wild man forever caught between civilization and nature is a great mythic character  —   a rich, dense tangle of narrative, philosophical and political meanings. That partly explains why he’s been such a commercially reliable property since Edgar Rice Burroughs cut him loose in 1912, the year Tarzan roared into existence in a pulp magazine that evolved into an empire of books, comics, plays and films. The image of Alexander Skarsgard crashing   through the jungle as the latest   Tarzan, his long hair and   muscles gently fluttering, gets at another aspect of this character’s attraction. Like a lot of Tarzan stories, this one teems with striking flora and fauna, much of it skillfully computer generated, some of it captured on location in green, green Gabon. But its most special and spectacular effect is Tarzan, one of those characters who have always complicated the familiar argument that visual pleasure in Hollywood cinema is hinged on women being objects of male desire. Johnny Weissmuller, the most famous screen Tarzan, was an exemplary fetishized object of desire. The casting of Mr. Skarsgard, who spent a lot of time baring his body, along with vampire fangs, on the HBO show “True Blood,” indicates that the filmmakers understand a primal part of Tarzan’s allure. This isn’t strictly a question of Mr. Skarsgard’s considerable physical charms, though these are central to the character. (He isn’t playing nerd boy of the jungle.) Mr. Skarsgard is also a fine actor with an enigmatic melancholy, a quality that has been put to expressive use in small roles in movies like “What Maisie Knew” and that here suggests Tarzan carries a profound burden that makes him more complex than the usual beefcake in loincloth. And Tarzan needs a burden, something heavy enough to justify the exhumation of such a difficult fantasy figure. He gets one by proxy in “The Legend of Tarzan,” which opens with some historically informed text about King Leopold II of Belgium ( ) known as the butcher of Congo for his role in murdering millions. It’s a grim start to this   but the mood lifts at Greystoke Manor, Tarzan’s ancestral pad in Britain, where he’s broodily prowling about like a caged animal. Already married to Lady Jane (Margot Robbie, holding her own) Tarzan now goes by John Clayton, having years earlier returned to nominal civilization and its discontents. Directed by David Yates, from an     script by Adam Cozad and Craig Brewer, “The Legend of Tarzan” takes a while to get going. After announcing its grave bona fides, it continues to engage in a lot of narrative throat clearing, much of it dedicated to seeding Burroughs’s foundational story with historical facts. To this end, John receives an invitation from King Leopold to return to Congo to witness the king’s putative good works. John rejects the offer, only to change his mind after an entreaty from an American, George Washington Williams (Samuel L. Jackson) who suspects that the Belgian king is enslaving the region’s people. Mr. Jackson’s character is very loosely based on an extraordinary real historical hero named George Washington Williams, who occupies a chapter in Adam Hochschild’s magisterial book “King Leopold’s Ghost: A Story of Greed, Terror and Heroism in Colonial Africa. ” Mr. Hochschild writes that Williams, whom he calls “the first heretic,” was the earliest dissenter to speak out “fully and passionately and repeatedly” on Leopold’s atrocities. Williams deserves a grand cinematic adventure of his own, and perhaps Mr. Jackson’s comfortable, affable performance, which like the movie itself oscillates between seriousness and gentle comedy, will help make that case. Here, though, Williams is basically an elevated sidekick as well as a physician, war veteran and crack shot who’s as proficient at suturing wounds with insects as he is mowing down swaths of white mercenaries. More interesting, especially given how routine colonialist fantasies tend to play out, it is Williams who voices the complexities, catastrophic errors and redemptive efforts of the   civilized world, a screen job usually given to white saviors. Williams’s polar opposite is the resident villain, Leon Rom (Christoph Waltz, predictably good) a silky, uncomplicated sadist who embodies rapacious evil from his   suit to his crosslike weapon. Tarzan remains the man apart and the man in the middle, the uneasy, sometimes forlorn, sometimes exuberant bridge between civilization and nature, between the human and nonhuman animal world. His origin story from his cradle to his new mother’s hairy arms is related in flashback patchwork that conveys what he lost when he left the jungle  —   home, world and identity. And when he at last returns to that home, he has much to do, including nuzzle old furred friends and lead a rescue mission that soon involves Jane along with thousands of Africans. Jane scoffs at the word damsel, but she’s in distress as well as a   for the abused, captive black bodies that the movie shows only glancingly. Mr. Yates, who directed the last four movies in the “Harry Potter” franchise, slips easily between intimacy and grandiosity, and he scales up and scales down as easily as Tarzan scrambles up and down the digitally rendered trees. If he and his team haven’t reinvented Tarzan it’s because they’re working in an industrial context that still puts a premium on heroic white men, even if this one doesn’t make you wince each time he turns up. Tarzan is still the white avatar flying through the African jungle with eerie skills, a mighty yodel and existential issues, yet the terrain he swings over is messier, closer and less of a lie than it once was. Part of Tarzan’s appeal  —   at least to some  —   is that he inhabits a world that resembles ours, but without the unsettling distractions of real suffering. It’s become trickier for pop entertainments to gloss over historical traumas, which may be why so many modern colonial struggles involve deep space or an alien invasion. Perhaps it’s easier to rewrite history through futuristic fictions, where worlds can collide before everyone moves on. There’s something touching about “The Legend of Tarzan,” which as it struggles to offer old   adventure without old   racism, suggests that perhaps other fantasies are possible  —   you just need some thought and Mr. Jackson. “The Legend of Tarzan” is rated   (Parents strongly cautioned). It’s a Tarzan movie! Running time:  1 hour 49 minutes.",0
7549,Border Wall Contractors Fear Attacks During Construction,"Proposed drawings of the border wall promised by President Donald Trump include plans for bombproof concrete, solar panels, and a fiber optic tunnel detection system. Contractors expressed concern about attacks during the construction process and received numerous death threats for bidding on the project.  Officials are expected to choose   companies to build a prototype section of wall to demonstrate their bid’s viability and effectiveness. Officials with knowledge of the plan spoke to the Daily Mail on condition of anonymity and said the prototypes would be built on a   strip of federally owned land near San Diego. The Trump Administration began seeking bids to build prototypes of the wall in February, Breitbart Texas reported. More than 300 companies quickly signed up to present proposals on how to take the President’s vision and promise to reality. Expressing concern over security during the construction process, bidders asked how the government would respond to help their crews if they came under “hostile attack,” the Daily Mail reported. Another company expressed the desire to allow their workers to carry a sidearm for  . They want the government to protect them and their workers from lawsuits if the use of deadly force became necessary. The government plans to use Border Patrol agents and local police to establish “buffer zones” around the construction projects to ensure the safety of workers. However, the San Diego police and sheriff’s office said their protection would extend to peaceful,   protesters, and made no mention of protecting construction workers. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
7550,A Threat on Migration That May Prove to Be Empty - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   When Turkey and Europe reached an agreement a year ago this week to restrict migration to Greece, it was bad news for Abu Samir, a     in Istanbul. By late 2015, Abu Samir, a former house painter from Aleppo, had become a key cog in one of the largest   migrations in history, sending thousands of refugees, most of them Syrians, to Greece and earning up to $4, 000 on some days. But in the 12 months since Turkey’s pact with the European Union, his business has collapsed. The problem: Too few refugees and too many border patrols. As relations between Turkey and Europe plumbed new lows this week, fresh concerns were raised that smugglers like Abu Samir  —   a nom de guerre he uses for security reasons  —   would soon be back in business. In addition to accusing European governments of Nazism for refusing to allow referendum rallies in support of a new Turkish Constitution in their countries, the Turkish government has hinted that it might scrap the   accord to restrict migration flows through Turkey in exchange for financial aid from the European Union. “We will review the migrant deal if necessary,” Numan Kurtulmus, Turkey’s deputy prime minister, warned on Monday night. In Europe, the announcement prompted fears of a repeat of the 2015 migration surges that saw 850, 000 people leave Turkey for Greece in a single year. In Turkey, it gave Abu Samir renewed hope of better business. “I expect waves of people,” he said in a video call on Tuesday night. “The business will come back to the way it was, and maybe better. ” But can President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey turn on the migration tap as easily as Abu Samir thinks? As analysts have acknowledged, the dynamics that led to the 2015 migration have changed. As a result, it may no longer be in Turkey’s power  —   or its interest  —   to influence migration flows in the way that it did a year ago. Since the European Union first promised Turkey several billion euros for its help in stemming migration to Europe in late 2015, the number of migrants leaving Turkish shores had fallen to under 1, 500 in January from nearly 70, 000 in January 2016. There are several reasons for this drastic decrease, but one partial explanation lies in a crackdown on the Turkish smuggling industry that began over the   winter. As Abu Samir said on Tuesday, “Turkey wanted to show that they were stopping the smugglers. ” Migration through Turkey rose sharply in 2015, not just because of the impunity with which smugglers could operate here, but also because it was comparatively easy for Syrian refugees to reach Turkey from Syria, Jordan and Lebanon. At the time, the   land border was easier to cross, and Syrians in Amman and Beirut could fly to Turkey without needing to apply for a visa. Nearly two years later, that is no longer the case. Syrians now need visas to enter Turkey, while the land border is much better protected. In theory, Mr. Erdogan could lift both restrictions. But analysts said this was unlikely as it would make Turkey even more vulnerable to infiltration by fighters from the Islamic State extremist group and risk angering nationalist Turks in the middle of a tightly fought ballot referendum that would give Mr. Erdogan broad new powers. It would also mark “an incredible divergence” from one aim of Turkey’s continuing military campaign inside Syria, “which is to create a safe space for refugees to move back” into Syria, said Aaron Stein, a Turkey specialist at the Atlantic Council, a policy research group. “This seems to me like an empty threat, and it’s about time Europe called Turkey on this,” Mr. Stein added. Turkey nevertheless still already hosts the largest refugee population in the world, including more than 2. 5 million Syrians. In theory, some of these could also take advantage of renewed impunity for smugglers and pay for a boat ride to Greece. But the circumstances awaiting them there are now markedly worse than what their predecessors experienced in 2015. A humanitarian corridor that once ferried people from Greece to Germany via bus and train closed in March 2016. This did not stop onward migration entirely. Over 25, 000 still made it through the Balkans of their own accord last year, according to United Nations data, highlighting how it is usually possible to curb migration, yet far harder to end it entirely. But it did trap thousands of asylum seekers in squalid conditions inside Greece, many of them confined to detention centers on islands in the Aegean Sea. “It is a situation of absolute precarity,” said Dimitris Christopoulos, the president of the International Federation for Human Rights, an umbrella body for 178 rights groups. “It sends a message to migrants: Do not come. ” Whatever Mr. Erdogan does, the prospect of traveling to Greece is less appealing to Syrian refugees than it once was, said Heaven Crawley, a migration expert at Coventry University and the   of   research on the motivations of   migrants. “There is no shortage of people in Turkey who could move. It’s just that they don’t see there’s much point in moving,” Professor Crawley said. “They don’t see the point of being stuck in Greece. ” Abu Samir, however, still holds out hope. In 2015, the sheer number of migrants was what forced European countries like Macedonia to establish the Balkans corridor in the first place. Two years later, the smuggler still will not rule out a repeat of that bonanza. If a new wave of migration to Greece does materialize, Abu Samir said, and “if enough numbers arrived in Greece, then neither Greece and Macedonia will be able to hold them, so they’ll have to open their borders. ”",0
7551,A Solo Traveler’s Guide to Meeting People - The New York Times,"When you are traveling solo, it’s not always a breeze to strike up a conversation with a stranger. In fact, how do you meet other single travelers or locals in the first place? And if you’re looking for friendship  —   or even something more  —   how do you ensure that amid all the fun you don’t neglect to take safety precautions? Before we get to tactics, it’s helpful to know that you are likely to be rewarded for overcoming apprehensions about approaching someone new when you’re on the road. “Its easy to imagine all the ways things will go badly or believe that this person doesn’t want to connect,” said Nicholas Epley, a professor of behavioral science at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. But if you reach out, he continued, “almost everybody reaches back. ” Social scientists have found that making such connections, whether traveling or not, boosts happiness, and yet strangers in proximity “routinely ignore each other,” as Dr. Epley and his colleague Juliana Schroeder put it in the Journal of Experimental Psychology last year. During a series of nine experiments, they saw again and again that we underestimate other people’s interest in connecting. How to break the ice then? Dr. Epley suggests simply saying to that stranger on the bus or in the cafe: “Hi, I’m visiting. Can you tell me what I ought to see in town?” “Everybody loves to brag about their city,” he said. Or offer a compliment, he suggested. “I think you’re just best off in your relationships if you’re transparent with people. ” (This is not to gloss over any genuine concerns about talking to strangers, Dr. Epley said. But we’ll address those in a bit.) As experienced solo travelers know, opportunities for pleasurable connections are everywhere: trains, planes, parks, bars, museums, walking tours, group hikes. Yet should all that fail, technology provides seemingly innumerable ways to increase the odds. Obviously dating websites and apps like OkCupid and Tinder can facilitate     around the world. Yet the travel industry has its own tools, designed not specifically for romance, but for friendship. I’ve previously written about some of these websites and apps, including Highlight and Planely. The app Skout enables travelers to meet locals or one another wherever they are, be it a concert in London or a soccer game in Barcelona. More recently there’s Tripr, which allows travelers to find others who will be in the same place. But if you’re seeking a   companion, a couple of veteran sites deserve another look. Unlike a lot of   aimed at connecting travelers, Couchsurfing. com was founded in 2004 and has grown to some nine million members. You may know it as the purview of frugal travelers who see the world by sleeping on the couches and air mattresses of strangers, but it’s also a great way to meet other solo travelers and locals  —   even if you don’t crash on their couches. Some 120, 000 cities worldwide offer weekly Couchsurfing art gallery tours, hikes, dinners or gatherings in coffee shops and bars. (Becoming a member of the site is free.) In addition to joining events, you can also reach out to other members who have set their “hosting availability” status to “wants to meet up,” meaning that while their couch is unavailable, they’re happy to meet for coffee or be a resource while you’re visiting their city. Another digital stalwart is VirtualTourist. com, which offers tips and reviews from fellow globe trekkers and has been around since 1999. That means you’ll find a true online community, a deep well of people with whom to interact. Members have profiles that may include photos, their hometown, travel interests and where they’ve been. Each member’s travel tips are tied to his or her profile, and should you like what you read or have questions, you can message the user. Who knows, maybe you’ll even get together offline. Once you’re on the ground in a city, you can meet dozens of people at once by attending a cocktail hour, group run, or tour through the worldwide events site Meetup. com. While meeting someone new is exciting and can be deeply fulfilling, such overtures must be balanced with safety measures. Even Couchsurfing, which refers to strangers as “friends you haven’t met yet,” has a page devoted to safety, warning members to trust their instincts (“If a person, situation or profile seems unsafe for any reason, move on. Don’t worry about seeming rude”) and know their limits (“Partying like a rock star might be fun, but it puts your safety and   in the hands of others”). For women, especially, the site advises being educated about your destination’s cultural and religious norms and to “be clear about your boundaries and don’t be shy about stating them. ” At the same time, Dr. Epley said most people are not interested in taking advantage of you. “The person who wants to take advantage of you wants to find you immediately,” he explained. It’s different when you’re the one who decides to initiate a conversation. “When there’s random selection, you don’t have that risk of being targeted,” he said. Solo travelers are often told to keep friends and loved ones informed about where they’re going and when (including the time they expect to return) know which neighborhoods to avoid, and learn local emergency numbers. Additionally, consider registering with the nearest United States Embassy or consulate at Step. state. . This allows the embassy to reach you in an emergency (natural disaster, civil unrest) and family and friends to contact you if there’s an emergency. You may also want to memorize words such as “help,” “police” and “fire” in the local language, and have a plan for how you’ll get back to your hotel anytime you’re out after dark. If you are in a place where there’s no mass transit or if mass transit is not safe at night, have the number of a taxi service with you. If you use Uber, make sure the photo of the driver that appears on the app matches the face of the person who picks you up. Also, the Uber app has a “Share my ETA” option that allows you to send someone your whereabouts and estimated arrival time. (Before I even get into a car I send the driver’s name, car make and my destination to a friend or family member.) The fear of strangers has deep evolutionary roots. Do not, Dr. Epley said, disregard your intuition. “Our research does not suggest that you should talk to everybody that you meet or that you should have the volume turned up to 11 in all your social interactions,” he said. It’s just that for most of us, “the dial for engaging others seems set a little too low. Nudge it up. ”",0
7552,Chinese General Visits Disputed Spratly Islands in South China Sea - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   China’s most senior uniformed military commander paid a visit in recent days to the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea, the country’s Ministry of National Defense said on Friday. The commander, Gen. Fan Changlong, appears to have been the   People’s Liberation Army officer ever to visit the Spratly group, a sprawling collection of islands that extends close to the Philippines. Although the details made public about General Fan’s visit were sparse, his tour appeared intended to show China’s determination to ward off any challenges to its claims over the islands, which are also the subject of claims by the Philippines, Malaysia, Vietnam, Brunei and Taiwan. China calls them the Nansha Islands. General Fan led a delegation to the “relevant Nansha Islands to offer good wishes to officers and personnel stationed there, and also to understand the construction of facilities on the islands,” said a brief statement from the Ministry of National Defense. General Fan is a vice chairman of the Central Military Commission, the council that runs the People’s Liberation Army forces. He is outranked only by the chairman, Xi Jinping, who is also president of China and head of the country’s Communist Party. Under Mr. Xi, the Chinese military has accelerated efforts to secure domination of islands also claimed by Southeast Asian countries. The growing reach of the Chinese Navy, and the rival claims of other Asian powers, have turned the Spratlys and other islands across the South China Sea into a volatile mosaic of disputes. In past decades, Chinese military and civilian leaders have visited the Paracel Islands, which are closer to the Chinese mainland. China claims sovereignty over much of the sea, but it faces not only rival claims from Southeast Asian countries but also growing wariness from Washington and its allies. They say that Beijing is risking a dangerous escalation of regional tensions by expanding barren reefs and outcrops into artificial islands and by installing military outposts, lighthouses, airstrips and other infrastructure on islands under its control. On Friday, the United States secretary of defense, Ashton B. Carter, visited an American Navy aircraft carrier in the South China Sea, a gesture that seemed likely to draw ire from Beijing. The Chinese government says that Washington should play no part in trying to settle the territorial disputes in the South China Sea, and it has criticized operations by United States Navy ships that have passed close by islands controlled by China. The Obama administration has said those operations are to show that China cannot deny other nations freedom of navigation through waters near islands under its control. China says that its island facilities, including lighthouses and weather stations, serve valuable civilian functions for all countries.",0
7553,Comment on Shocking video shows Europe’s “refugee crisis” is a Muslim invasion by Refugees Invasion of Europe | Justice4Poland,"| December 1, 2015 at 6:38 am | Reply 
This group of demented, destructive, abusive people is the world’s karma for kicking God out of their consciousness, being and world. If mankind maintained their love and reverence for their creator God, I believe this would not be happening and this people would already be contained and stopped. For America, Obama, Jarrett, Soros and their minions, who’re in agreement with this savage group, are the ones bringing America’s karma to her doorstep for kicking God out. The Godless liberals/communists are begging for these savages to destroy them by taking on the ways of evil, such as, abortion, perversions of sex and marriage, drugs, child abuse, etc. Do liberals really expect a positive outcome from having absolutely no morals and standards? They are probably quite a few of the same souls from the time of Pompeii, Soddom & Gomorrah, Roman and Greek Empires, Atlantis and Lemuria – review history and note where they and their country ended up. Atlantis & Lemuria crumbled and sank and now lies deep within the bottom of the ocean. We can still see the end result of Pompeii. What will it take to wake up these people from their hedonistic, anti-self thoughts and feelings??? How many lifetimes will they put themselves and the rest of society through this total destruction of their hearts, minds and souls? “You get what you give” and “whatever energy you put out into the universe returns to your doorstep” is truth. Hedonists are lost, lost, lost in their world of destructive unreality, and only God can pull them out of it. Pray for them and Earth to return to God reality.",0
7554,A Painstaking Mission to Save Atlanta’s Colossal Civil War Painting - The New York Times,"ATLANTA  —   What, exactly, do you do with a    work of art, mythmaking and Civil War history that is longer than a football field, more than 40 feet tall and urgently in need of a new home? This city is finding out. After decades of deepening disrepair and disinterest in the painting commonly known as the Atlanta Cyclorama, workers this month are moving the panorama as part of a $35 million plan to rescue and maintain a titanic, deteriorating example of an art form that has mostly disappeared. Saving “The Battle of Atlanta,” which is among the largest oil paintings in the world, has proved to be an undertaking of remarkable complexity. It is rife with logistical tests, engineering quandaries, curatorial challenges and political and racial sensitivities that linger more than 150 years after Gen. William T. Sherman’s military campaign here. Yet after taxpayers spent years supporting an imperiled painting in a building troubled by leaks and temperature fluctuations, formal opposition to the effort, which is privately funded by multiple philanthropists, is strikingly scarce. “The fact that this painting has survived when so many others were left out to mold and rot and get burned up and whatever is nothing short of a miracle,” said Gordon L. Jones, the senior military historian and curator at the Atlanta History Center, which reached a license agreement with the City of Atlanta to display the cyclorama. “Everything that we know about Civil War memory, all of those stories, can in some way be described by using this painting as an example,” Dr. Jones said. Indeed. “The Battle of Atlanta,” prepared in Milwaukee by a team of German artists, was completed in 1886, when cycloramas  —   massive panoramic projects intended to give viewers the sensation of standing in the depicted landscape  —   were a leading form of entertainment, and the colossal works traveled the country. During its tour of the North, “Atlanta” was widely interpreted as depicting the 1864 struggle here for what it was: a decisive and pivotal victory for the Union that left an estimated 12, 140 people dead, most of them Confederate troops. Then the exhibition moved to the South, and in November 1892, The Atlanta Constitution newspaper printed a masterstroke of spin: an advertisement that said the cyclorama’s scene was the “only Confederate victory ever painted. ” The painting swiftly attracted large, and almost exclusively white, audiences and was donated to the city around the turn of the century. But the crowds dwindled, in part because motion pictures increasingly replaced cycloramas as entertainment, and generations of decline began. A major restoration that concluded in 1982 bought the Atlanta Cyclorama more time before the painting’s quality and appeal began to wane again. In recent years, elementary schoolteachers leading    field trips were among the most loyal visitors to the cyclorama. “I remember that when I took my permission slip home, my mom and my dad had a conversation,” said Mayor Kasim Reed of Atlanta, 47, who is black. “I remember it not being a typical permission slip that was quickly signed. ” But it fell to Mr. Reed, who will leave office next year, to help solve the contemporary riddle of what to do with the cyclorama, which black residents, in an earlier time, were allowed to view only one day a month. The city announced the agreement with the Atlanta History Center in 2014. The center will display the   relic on its   campus, located in an upscale area of Atlanta that includes the Governor’s Mansion and some of the city’s finest restaurants. The plan comes  —   somewhat serendipitously, its organizers said  —   at a time of scattered efforts in the South to move beyond the traditional Old South narrative surrounding the Civil War. In 2014, for example, the Georgia Historical Society dedicated a marker that sought to undermine what it described as “popular myth” about Sherman’s cruelty during the war. “It helps to bring some emphasis to why what happened here was important and why it’s not your grandfather’s Civil War anymore,” Dr. Jones said of   scholarship and presentation of the war. Mr. Reed said he was not bothered by the painting’s continuing prominence and possible resurgence. “As a black person, I’m quite comfortable with it because I know how the end of the movie turned out,” the mayor said. “The right result was reached. That doesn’t mean that we should not be privy to an expansive story of how we got to who we are today. ” But the deal that Mr. Reed helped to broker created the complicated task of moving the painting from the Atlanta Cyclorama and Civil War Museum, which closed in 2015 to prepare for a relocation that will cumulatively require about 200 people. Not long ago, a   expert from the History Center’s insurer called Jackson McQuigg, the center’s vice president of properties, with a polite, terse request: “Walk me through it. ” Workers, Mr. McQuigg replied, will spend days rolling the painting, which is appraised at $7. 5 million, onto a pair of   spools. A crane will slowly lift the spools  —   “We’re hoping   goes faster,” Mr. McQuigg said in an interview  —   through   holes cut in the roof of the nearly   building. Then, once the   painting is resting aboard two trucks, the workers will let the clock tick. “We’re going to wait until everybody goes home and the traffic dies down and there’s no more Atlanta rush hour,” Mr. McQuigg said in the musty room where the cyclorama has hung for generations. “Heck, it might be 3 in the morning. ” The cyclorama’s former home will be converted into an event space for Zoo Atlanta, a private nonprofit. The painting, once it has been relocated, will undergo extensive restoration efforts before its formal reopening, scheduled for fall 2018. Among panorama proponents, the project in Atlanta, more than eight years after a restoration of the “Battle of Gettysburg” cyclorama in Pennsylvania, is seen as a crucial effort to preserve the medium’s past. Fewer than two dozen cycloramas from the late 1800s and early 1900s are believed to have survived the last century. “It’s a chance to represent a really major and widely consumed art form that most people have really forgotten about,” said Sara Velas, the president of the International Panorama Council and the artistic director of the Velaslavasay Panorama in Los Angeles. “It’s still impactful and entertaining, even if our attention span has changed from what it was in the 19th century. ” And in Atlanta, a city that was a cradle of the civil rights movement but is within sight of a   monument to the Confederacy at Stone Mountain, reviving the “Battle of Atlanta” cyclorama is also a means to clarifying history. “It’s been caught up in ‘the Lost Cause,’ and that made it a sore subject for a lot of people,” Dr. Jones said of the painting that stood nearby, shrouded in scaffolding. “We’ve got to unwrap that, and we’ve got to get past that, and we’ve got to be able to talk about ‘the Lost Cause’ objectively and talk about it for what it is and what it’s not. This is a way we can do that. ”",0
7555,Kellyanne Conway Burns Hillary Clinton over Tweet Celebrating 9th Circuit Ruling - Breitbart,"Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway hit back at failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Twitter Thursday, after Clinton mocked President Trump’s immigration order being blocked by the 9th Circuit Court. [As reported by Fox News, “Clinton tweeted, ‘’ after a federal appeals court ruled unanimously against reinstating Trump’s order on immigration and refugees. The   panel of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco all sided against the order. ”     —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 10, 2017,  In response, Conway tweeted the abbreviations of three vital states that Clinton lost during the 2016 presidential election to Trump: “PA, WI, MI. ” PA, WI, MI. https:  .   —   Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) February 10, 2017,  Clinton might have been better served staying out of the spotlight after her historic failure in the 2016 election as Republicans step up their Twitter game. In January, Sen. Ted Cruz successfully trolled sports site Deadspin after he responded to their bounty for a picture of the senator playing basketball. “What do I win?” Cruz asked in his reply, which included a photo of Duke star Grayson Allen, who looks similar to Cruz. “Go eat shit,” Deadspin replied, prompting Cruz to send an Anchorman GIF with the caption, “Boy, that escalated quickly. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
7556,"According to this college prof, canoes are symbol of cultural appropriation","Print 
You know, canoes? Those boats that you powered around the lake when you went to summer camp? Betcha didn’t know they were the epitome of evil — of white privilege, genocide, and a whole host more of crimes against social justice. 
So saieth Misao Dean, professor of English at the University of Victoria in Canada, who shared her views on CBC Radio , which reveals in its intro that Dean wrote the book on the evils of canoe appropriation. Its title is “Inheriting a Canoe Paddle: The Canoe in Discourses of English-Canadian Nationalism.” 
You can listen to the interview here , or if you have something more important to do (what could be more important?), be advised that Heat Street provides portions of the enlightening Q & A. For example, when asked whether we should look at the canoe as a non-controversial symbol or as a symbol of colonialism, Dean responds: 
Absolutely a symbol of colonialism. It seems to me that this narrative we tell ourselves about the canoe about how canoeing makes us in touch with nature, how canoeing makes us in some way guiltless of the terrible things that the Canadian government and Canadians in general did to First Nations people. 
If you prefer the dissenting view, scroll down to the comments section of the CBC Radio page, where reader Patrick Saunders opines, “Academia has become a sit-com. A not really funny, sad-in-a-car-crash-sorta-way sit-com.” Then there’s this from Kawartha Cottager: 
As soon as the ice is out of the lake I am going to head to the cottage and burn down my boat house so myself and my family will no longer be tortured by those symbols of colonialism like my canoes, kayaks and worst of all my Laser sailboat, that other symbol of colonialism. Those Euros arrived on sailboats back in the 15th century after all. Once I am done that, I will head back up the hill behind the cottage and torch my outhouse so I can destroy that ultimate symbol of colonialism…..the toilet seat. 
Well, garsh —if no one’s going to take this seriously, what’s a social justice warrior to do?",0
7557,Hillary Clinton and the United Nations on the Same Open Borders Page,"October 26, 2016 Hillary Clinton and the United Nations on the Same Open Borders Page 
During the last presidential debate, Hillary Clinton was asked about her support for a policy of completely open borders and an end to America’s immigration laws. She made the amazing claim that she “only meant” she wanted open borders for energy policies. Whatever her claims, Hillary Clinton is on the same open borders page as the United Nations. 
During the October 19 debate, GOP nominee Donald Trump noted that, in speeches she gave to high-dollar corporations, Hillary Clinton insisted she was for open borders. 
In a private, richly-paid speech that Hillary delivered to a Brazilian bank on May 16, 2013, she said: “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, sometime in the future, with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” 
The section of Hillary’s address to the foreign bankers was confirmed by a release from the hacker site WikiLeaks.",0
7558,"Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Few companies have been as intimately tied to the Democratic Party in recent years as Google. So now that Donald J. Trump is president, the giant company, in Silicon Valley parlance, is having to pivot. The shift was evident a day after Congress began its new session this month. That evening, about 70 lawmakers, a majority of them Republicans, were feted at the stately Smithsonian Arts and Industries Building, where they clinked champagne and bourbon glasses and posed for selfies with the 600 guests assembled in their honor. The event’s main host was not from the Republican establishment. Instead, the party was primarily financed and anchored by Google. “We’ve partnered with Google on events before, but nothing like this party,” said Alex Skatell, founder of The Independent Journal Review, a news   with a   millennial audience, which also helped host the event. The event was emblematic of an   by Google. Over the last eight years, the company was closely associated with former President Barack Obama. Google employees overwhelmingly supported Mr. Obama’s presidential campaigns, and some later took roles in his administration. Eric Schmidt, the chairman of Alphabet, Google’s parent company,  advised the Obama White House. And last year, Google employees gave $1. 3 million to Hillary Clinton’s campaign to succeed Mr. Obama, compared with $26, 000 to the Trump campaign, according to federal filings. Now, the tech giant is scrambling to forge ties with Mr. Trump’s new administration and to strengthen its relationship with a   Congress. Most important, Google is trying to change the perception that it is a Democratic stronghold. That has led to events like the party at the Smithsonian, which the institution said had cost at least $50, 000. Mr. Schmidt has embarked on an East Coast charm offensive of Republican political leaders, including twice visiting Mr. Trump and his advisers at Trump Tower. Last month, Google also posted an opening to fill a position for a “conservative outreach” employee in its Washington office. “Google has a target on its back because it is fundamentally viewed as a Democratic company,” said Gigi Sohn, a former senior adviser to Tom Wheeler, who was chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. “Even though it has reached out to Republicans, it can’t shake the image. ” Google said it had long had Republican lobbyists and had not changed its strategy. “We’ve worked with both Republicans and Democrats for over a decade, advocating policies to encourage economic growth, innovation and entrepreneurialism,” the company said in a statement. “We’ll continue to do exactly that. ” A spokesman for Mr. Schmidt added, “Eric has a long record of working constructively and energetically on important technology issues with American and world leaders across the political spectrum. ” Other Silicon Valley tech companies, like Facebook, are in a similar predicament. The perception is that they lean left and their executives backed Mrs. Clinton. Many are now also pledging to work with Mr. Trump and paid court to the new president at a December tech summit meeting. One week into the administration, Google and other tech companies began to push back, criticizing Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration bans. The company said an estimated 187 employees were affected by the order and it urged any of those employees who were abroad to work with the company to return safely to the United States. ”It’s painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues,” Sundar Pichai, Google’s chief executive, said in a memo to employees over the weekend. “We’ve always made our views on immigration issues known publicly and will continue to do so. ” Google has much at stake as it repositions itself. During the Obama years, Google avoided American antitrust charges, even as European regulators accused the firm of antitrust violations in search and in its mobile business. Google also successfully pushed a policy agenda that included the creation of net neutrality rules in 2015 and the defeat of online piracy laws in 2012. Now warning shots against Google have been fired by those in Mr. Trump’s circle. Some of the president’s advisers have debated whether the tech behemoth deserves more antitrust scrutiny, according to two people briefed by the new administration’s transition team, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. In a recent interview with The New York Times, Peter Thiel, a venture capitalist and Trump transition adviser, also compared the power that Google had under Mr. Obama to that which the oil giant Exxon Mobil had under President George W. Bush. Under President Bush, the administration largely agreed with Exxon’s skeptical stance on climate change policy. Mr. Trump’s team is particularly wary of one Google executive  —   Mr. Schmidt  —   who has been allied with Democrats. During last year’s presidential campaign, Mr. Schmidt counseled Mrs. Clinton on strategy. A photo of him wearing a staff badge at her   party circulated widely in the conservative media. Mr. Trump’s advisers, including his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, have complained about Mr. Schmidt’s funding of a   called the Groundwork, which provided data and other technology for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. They also suspected Google was skewing search results in favor of Mrs. Clinton, said Barry Bennett, a former senior adviser for Mr. Trump’s campaign. “Mr. Schmidt spent millions and millions of his personal money to defeat Donald Trump,” Mr. Bennett said. “It takes a particular amount of gumption to pretend that never happened. ” Google has denied it tweaked its search results, which are determined by algorithms, and the company declined to comment on Mr. Schmidt. White House officials did not respond to a request for comment. For many years, Google’s support of Democrats was plain. Google’s political action committee and employees ranked third in all donations to Mr. Obama’s 2012 campaign at $804, 240, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. In 2008, Google’s PAC and employees were sixth with $817, 855. The company did not rank in the top 20 for donations to Mr. Obama’s Republican opponents in either of those elections. About five years ago, Google began diversifying its bets. The company forged ties with the   House of Representatives and started addressing the beginning of an antitrust investigation into whether the company was using its search dominance to suppress competing travel, map and restaurant sites. In 2011, Google hired Stewart Jeffries, a former member of the House Judiciary Committee, to lobby Republicans on Capitol Hill. That same year, it quadrupled its number of outside lobbying firms  —   including many with Republican lobbyists  —   to 24, from six in 2010. In 2012, Google named a former Republican congresswoman, Susan Molinari of New York, to lead its Washington office. Google also sponsored conservative think tanks such as the American Enterprise Institute and the Heritage Foundation. The company has hosted Republican lawmakers including the House majority leader, Kevin McCarthy of California, and Darrell Issa of California at its headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google’s Washington office is now roughly split between Republican and Democrats. The company spent $15. 43 million in lobbying in 2016, according to federal lobbying documents, making it among the top dozen firms in lobbying spending last year. For the first time last year, Google’s PAC gave more to Republican congressional candidates than to Democrats, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Even so, Google’s Republican ties got little notice because of the company’s strong relationship with Democrats. Several Google employees joined the Obama administration while dozens of government bureaucrats were employed by the tech company. Google’s head of global public policy, Caroline Atkinson, was Mr. Obama’s former national security adviser. A former Google executive, Megan Smith, became the nation’s chief technology officer. During his presidency, Mr. Obama also repeatedly supported proposals backed by Google, including net neutrality in 2015 and cable   box reforms last year. “Google was very much treated as the golden child by the Obama administration,” said Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, which has been critical of Google for privacy policies. Since the election, Google has accelerated efforts to win over the Republican White House and Congress. Before his visits to Trump Tower, Mr. Schmidt met with Mr. McCarthy and Senator John Thune, a Republican from South Dakota, who is chairman of the Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee. Days after Mr. Trump’s victory, Google also contacted The Independent Journal Review, which it had worked with on events during the Republican campaign debates. Google told the news   that it would provide the main funding for the party at the Smithsonian. Google said the event was open to both parties. But pairing with the conservative site sent a clear message to attendees. “We definitely helped draw Republicans and people from across the spectrum,” said the site’s founder, Mr. Skatell. At the party, several Republican lawmakers were positive about their tech host, brushing off questions about the company’s heft and power. “When I think of technology and Google, I don’t think of dominance,” said Representative Bradley Byrne, a Republican from Alabama. “I think of innovation. ”",0
7559,Survey: Only 25% of Americans Believe Higher Education Is ’Fine How it Is’ - Breitbart,"Only 25 percent of Americans believe that higher education is “fine how it is,” according to a recent survey by the think tank New America. [The survey, which measured American’s perceptions on the status of higher education, revealed that many believe that universities are not delivering on their promises.  Of concern for colleges and universities, just one in four of the survey’s respondents feel higher education is functioning fine the way it is.   …     A contributor to the widespread belief that higher education too often does not deliver on its promise, the survey found, is that 58 percent of respondents believe colleges put their own   interests first instead of those of their students.  Negative attitudes towards higher education were especially present amongst younger people. Only 13 percent of millennials claimed that higher ed is “fine how it is. ” Millennials in particular felt this way, despite being on track to be the most educated generation yet and the most experienced with the system. Among this group, 64 percent said colleges put their own interests first and only 13 percent say higher education is fine as it is, compared to 42 percent and 39 percent, respectively, for the Silent Generation (age 72 and up). Although the reason for such dissatisfaction is unclear, the increasing divide over what higher education should represent likely contributes to these attitudes. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
7560,Only Demented Imbeciles want a Killary Reign of Terror,"Three local military veterans to receive recognition ‹ › SARTRE is the pen name of James Hall, a reformed, former political operative. This pundit's formal instruction in History, Philosophy and Political Science served as training for activism, on the staff of several politicians and in many campaigns. A believer in authentic Public Service, independent business interests were pursued in the private sector. As a small business owner and entrepreneur, several successful ventures expanded opportunities for customers and employees. Speculation in markets, and international business investments, allowed for extensive travel and a world view for commerce. He is retired and lives with his wife in a rural community. ""Populism"" best describes the approach to SARTRE's perspective on Politics. Realities, suggest that American Values can be restored with an appreciation of ""Pragmatic Anarchism."" Reforms will require an Existential approach. ""Ideas Move the World,"" and SARTRE'S intent is to stir the conscience of those who desire to bring back a common sense, moral and traditional value culture for America. Not seeking fame nor fortune, SARTRE's only goal is to ask the questions that few will dare ... Having refused the invites of an academic career because of the hypocrisy of elite's, the search for TRUTH is the challenge that is made to all readers. It starts within yourself and is achieved only with your sincere desire to face Reality. So who is SARTRE? He is really an ordinary man just like you, who invites you to join in on this journey. BREAKING ALL THE RULES hosts SARTRE Commentary. BATR.org and BATR.net Only Demented Imbeciles want a Killary Reign of Terror By Sartre on November 1, 2016 
The cross section of Hillary Clinton voters is a mixture of walking dead zombies, power hungry influence peddlers, money cartel thieves and establishment diehards willing to start a global confrontation to postpone an inevitable economic collapse. As for the first category; welfare recipients, government bootlickers and mentally deranged utopians survive in a subsistence existence or in a fantasy illusion. The corruption purveyors simply want to maintain their elitist system of institutional inequality. As for the tribe of international finance, their objective always remains the same. Pick the next stooge who can be controlled. Finally, for globalist who are frantic to continue their New World Order of worldwide oppression, the elevation of Hillary Clinton to the position of the mad hatter to achieve the mutual assured destruction that these Illuminati’s masters of the universe require to purge the “Little People” from the planet. 
Any opposition to this band of desperate and deranged desperados is portrayed as racist, xenophobic and defiant of the “Politically Correct” secular humanism culture. Here is the fundamental point of the conflict. The abandonment of the cannons of natural and common law has produced a didactic ineptness that thrusts humanity into a technocratic prison of a meaningless existence. Dante’s Inferno of basic extinction is the ultimate society that a capitulation to the rigged electoral fraud seeks to achieve. 
The bloody record of Killary Clinton earns her an especially prominent place in hell. Take your choice. She may descend into Level 7 , for “The violent, the assasins, the tyrants, and the war-mongers lament their pitiless mischiefs in the river, while centaurs armed with bows and arrows shoot those who try to escape their punishment” or Level 8- the Malebolge where “The magicians, diviners, fortune tellers, and panderers are all here, as are the thieves”. 
Of course this allegory of punishment falls on deaf ears for the Clintonistas . For them this blameless role model for social justice warriors can do no wrong. All the evidence and proof in the world is ignored or dismissed when your patron saint of the occult wears pants suits. 
The reason HRC is better known as Killary has a lot to do with the body count that follows her around. THE CLINTON BODY-COUNT and the ‘CLINTON DEATH LIST’: 33 SPINE-TINGLING CASES lists several of her enemies that dared defy the queen of mean. Now are these suspicious circumstances of such deaths just another right-wing conspiracy to bring down the Arkancide crime syndicate? 
To an objective investigator, engaging into an in-depth probe might just get one added to this long list. But why would a Clinton supporter care, she is the epitome of the liberated woman and placing her on the throne of feminism is far overdue. Accepting, if not savoring a little reign of terror is a small price to pay as long as the body count does not include your own person. 
During the French Revolution the sanguinary women, known as Tricoteuse , who sat and knitted while attending public guillotine executions have more in common with Robespierre than Marie Antoinette. These devotee libbers identified with the symbol of equality, while their crowned head of elitism disdainfully admonish the peasants: “Qu’ils mangent de la brioche”. 
Queen Marie Antoinette may not have really said, “Let them eat cake” but the regnant of the House of Clinton demonstrates throughout her entire life revealed her true sentiments; despise and contempt for the “Little People”. 
The knitting culture of the zombies cult of progressive authoritarianism is at the center of the public psychosis that follows the dictates of Hillary Clinton. Their identity is so caught up in the myth of collectivism that the very spirit of individual liberty is a necessary causality to join the Clinton demon worship. 
Look to the fictional character of Madame Defarge penned in A Tale of Two Cities for a synopsis of all that is wrong with Killary and her followers. Charles Dickens presents this viewpoint of the quintessential monster. 
“Her problem, it seems, is that Madame Defarge just doesn’t know where to draw the line. As far as she’s concerned, “justice” for the fate of her family isn’t just that the Marquis gets murdered. Justice should, she thinks, include the “extermination” of all of the Marquis’s family. Given her druthers, Charles, Lucie, and even little Lucie would fall under the sharp blade of La Guillotine. As Madame Defarge exclaims to her husband, “Tell the Wind and the Fire where to stop; not me!” (3.12.36). 
“It was nothing to her that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them. It was nothing to her that his wife was to be made a widow and his daughter an orphan; that was insufficient punishment, because they were her natural enemies and her prey, and as such had no right to live. To appeal to her, was made hopeless by her having no sense of pity, even for herself.” (3.14.33) 
So it comes as no surprise that when “The meeting between Lucie and Madame Defarge makes this absolutely clear: Lucie falls on her knees, begging for mercy on behalf of her child. Madame Defarge stares at her coldly. She doesn’t even stop knitting.” 
This example of the dark side of human nature is particularly relevant and applicable when analyzing the gender iniquity of the wicked witch. For femininity enablement to champion such abuse from a coldhearted degenerate is the biggest disappointment of this election cycle. Society should never condone or provide consent for anyone, male or female; who is such a habitual sociopath. 
The influence hucksters do not pretend to be altruistic . They would support Lucifer if they thought they would gain the riches of this world. As for the money changers, they are already archfiends in the Synagogue of Satan. Lastly, the globalist’s warmongers covet the mass eradication of billions to satisfy their lust for world transcendence. 
These three factions are the true irredeemables. The masses of the walking dead need to politically repent and seek civic redemption. This objective is not possible by voting for Hillary Clinton. 
If you do nothing else before the November 8, 2016 election watch the video, A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 . No matter your ideological propensities, we all share a mutual objective. Prevent a nuclear war that will destroy all civilized life on the planet. After watching this presentation, every rational person must come to deal with the prospects of putting a psycho in command of the launch codes. 
Folks; Donald Trump is not the mad man. The schizoid is a systemic and immoral lunatic, who is ready to drop the beheading blade on all of America. Her similarity with Madame Defarge bleeds over to her decadent boosters, who are willing to sacrifice their family, friends and community for the joy of destroying our planet. 
For all the dissatisfied and frustrated citizens, who understand the colossal stakes of national survival intervene with any fellow acquaintance that has been indoctrinated to the propaganda of Hillaryland . Confront the zombies attitude and appeal to their individual self-interest. Put forth the prospect of not voting for Clinton, even if Trump would not be an option. 
Citizens will not be the only people voting. Non eligible people are being ushered into a ballot booth with predisposed programming to put Killary into the oval office. The establishment is revealing their real tyranny for any person, who is still alive and has the ability to assess the actual nature of this election. 
The power structure in ready to collapse and the global elites are prepared to start a world war to keep and protect their feudal system of coercion. Those who might survive will be the special and the anointed. The masses will be served up on the plate of expediency and necessity. 
Hillary Clinton has always been part of the gang of criminals, protected by the intelligence community, insider politicians and the legal system of corrupt lawyers and judges. Voting for her is a clear validation of pure mental illness. 
The fact that the discredited FBI is endeavoring to regain their credibility by reopening the criminal investigation into Killary Clinton’s attempt to hide her family’s pay to play scheme to sell out our country is dramatic. This development should provide ample reason to put any notion of voting for the diva of sleaze on hold. Thanks to the Wikileaks release of the illicit emails from the Clinton cabal, only a fool can vote for her. 
Come to grips with the prospects of knowingly elevating this lifelong criminal to become the commander-and-chief. Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President. 
Killary is dead meat. She could never gain the confidence of the nation and her continued nihilistic conduct and her kleptocrat criminal violations cannot be tolerated or ignored any longer. If you really want to save the planet, you cannot cast your ballot for this known traitor. 
SARTRE – November 1, 2016",0
7561,European Council President: Inflow of African Migrants ‘Not Sustainable’,"The President of the European Council has finally recognized that Europe cannot handle the massive influx of migrants crossing from North Africa into Italy and has called for measures to shut down the maritime route across the Strait of Sicily. [Ironically, just two days ago, Council President Donald Tusk criticized Donald Trump’s recent executive order putting a moratorium on new visas for nationals of seven particularly dangerous seedbeds of terrorism, calling the U. S. President a “demagogue” who poses an “existential threat” to the EU.  And yet, Tusk seems to have taken a page from his namesake’s recent actions, boldly proposing that the   route be “closed down. ” “The flow of migrants from Libya into Italy and the EU is not sustainable,” Tusk said Thursday after a meeting in Brussels between European and Libyan officials. “Europe has proved it is able to close down irregular routes of migration, as we did on the Eastern Mediterranean route,” Tusk said. “We have discussed the example of our cooperation with Turkey and other countries in this part of the region. Now it is time to close down the route from Libya to Italy. ” Populist leaders in Europe were quick to highlight what they consider the hypocrisy of the Council President, who has tended to downplay Europe’s migrant crisis. The Leader of Italy’s Northern League Party, Matteo Salvini, challenged the EU official for his slowness to recognize the problem and his sudden   which occurred just after President Trump decided to draw a line in the sand on the problem of international terrorism and its links to migration. “When we at the League said the same thing five years ago,” Salvini asked, “weren’t we racists?” referring to accusations leveled against the League for its warnings of the dangers of unchecked immigration. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez   who met the press together with Donald Tusk, said that the problem of illegal migration is “something dramatic” and affects security, and social, economic and political stability. “We must find ways to deal with all these aspects of the phenomenon,”   said, noting that migrants need to be held back “in their countries of origin,” before they embark on the dangerous journey toward Europe. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
7562,How To Break The Cycle Of Human Complacency And Servitude,"Leave a reply 
Mike Adams – It’s time to break the cycle of complacency and servitude so that we can move humanity forward. We must move past the age of centralized government corruption and control. We must take responsibility for our lives and the repercussions of our actions. It’s time for humanity to end the age of servitude and proclaim our independence from all the systems of manipulation, deceit and control that try to dominate our minds (the media, the government, false science, false social narratives, etc). 
In my newest documentary-style video, I reveal how we can all break the cycle of human complacency and servitude by raising our self-awareness about all the ways we are being systematically manipulated or deceived. Click here to watch the video 
From the video: “ One of the hardest things in the world is to introduce someone to the real world they’ve never seen. Because they’ve never lived in it. They’ve lived in a fictional construct inside their own head. They’ve been swimming in fictional delusions and belief systems and cultural narratives that simply aren’t true. And yet they think that’s reality .” 
Learn how to question your beliefs, question your senses and preempt the social engineering mechanisms that have turned your brain into a puppet of the corrupt establishment. 
Please share. Thank you. SF Source Natural News Oct. 2016",0
7563,Hillary And The Ghosts Of Watergate,"Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith – The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal–they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico’s ability to deliver favors? Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up–month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency–realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? Once a politico has to declare “I am not a crook” based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico’s ability to lead has vanished. Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. Declaring “I am not a crook” because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring “I am above the law.” If the foundation of one’s ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. Ultimately, the President leads by moral suasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. It’s nothing personal, it’s just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds  ",0
7564,Mob of North African Migrants Causes Riot Aboard Italian Ferry,"Some 63 North African migrants caused a major uproar in the middle of the night on an Italian ferry Monday, fighting, screaming, stealing, vandalizing, beating other passengers and pulling people out of their bunks. [The migrants, 29 of whom had been denied asylum by the Italian government and were slated for deportation, boarded the ferry in the port town of Cagliari (Sardinia) and began drinking until the bar closed. At this point they started protesting loudly, demanding more alcohol. Soon they “turned the voyage into a nightmare for the other 170 passengers,” according to Italian media reports.  The ship Janas had left Cagliari on Monday night with a large group of North Africans, most of whom were from Algeria. At sea in the middle of the night, the migrants began assaulting other passengers, creating a melee on the ship. Despite efforts by the crew to restore calm, the situation rapidly degenerated and for hours the ship was at the mercy of the sixty rioters.  Calm only returned on board at dawn, just before the ship moored, when the migrants realized that police patrols had been deployed on the Naples harbor docks and were waiting for them. Upon the ferry’s arrival in Naples, local police officers boarded the ship and spent the day Tuesday identifying the foreigners who started the brawl and reconstructing the episode as faithfully as possible. One by one, police questioned every passenger as well as reviewing the surveillance footage from the video cameras on board the ship. The episode highlights the exasperation experienced by law enforcement officials who believe the situation has gotten completely out of control. “Little good is coming from these daily arrivals from North Africa,” said Luca Agati, head of the local police union (SAP) in Cagliari. “These young people think they can do whatever they please once they have been denied asylum. ” The deportation certificate is becoming “a permission slip that guarantees them the freedom to commit crimes in Italy,” he added. “What has to happen for people to understand that a definitive solution must be found for the issue of deportations?” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
7565,People in cities other than Delhi spray Fog deo all over to get media attention,"People in cities other than Delhi spray Fog deo all over to get media attention Posted on Tweet (Image via hindustantimes.com) 
Desperate to get media attention over the rising pollution levels in their areas, citizens in cities like Patna, Gwalior Allahabad and Raipur are spraying Fog deo all over in hope that someone will pay close attention to their woes as well. 
“We have been watching non-stop coverage of the unprecedented pollution levels in the national capital for a few weeks now. But what people don’t realize is that our cities are polluted too. Nobody talks about this because we don’t live in Delhi,” said a Patna citizen coughing but not giving up before completing the sentence. 
A person who regularly travels to Gwalior was not optimistic that spraying deodorant all over the city will get the media attention. But he saw a silver lining in the artificial cloud. “I hate visiting Gwalior because my in-laws stay there. But the Fog deo now sprayed all over gives the city a new odour and I like it. There you go, finally, a good reason for me to visit my wife’s city.” 
People of Allahabad too have been shocked as the ‘city of prime ministers’ has been neglected by the media when it comes to air pollution. “The only time our city and the state gets eyeballs is when there is infighting in the family of the party that rules us. When will the media realize that the pollution in UP too is going UP?” 
A dejected Raipur citizen said that one day he hopes his city too is placed on the pollution map of the country. “One day, I wish to see a special broadcast on prime-time news shows on the pollution levels in my city.” 
When asked what else was happening in the city apart from air contamination, the person replied, “Bas, Fog hi chal raha hai. (Duh! Fog is in the air.)” Tweet About Amrut Thobbi 
Amrut Thobbi is an editor by profession, satirist by heart and useless as a person. You can follow him at @amrutti on Twitter or Amrut Thobbi on Facebook. He blogs here",0
7566,Police across the country are being equipped with ‘Christian’ facial recognition cameras,"Police across the country are being equipped with ‘Christian’ facial recognition cameras   Source: MassPrivateI 
Soon, cops across America will be wearing body cameras equipped with facial recognition software. 
Watchguard Video (WGV) claims their new “ Redactive ” software will enable law enforcement to identify anyone. (WGV is really, Enforcement Video LLC ) 
Redactive quickly scans the entire video clip first, automatically recognizing faces, so the user [officer] spends much less time manually performing the task. 
Police cameras automatically identify everyone’s face 
Redactive’s advanced facial recognition technology automatically detects and identifies human faces , minimizing the elements of the video which are falsely detected as human, thus reducing the overall time spent manually searching and marking the video for redaction. Users begin the redaction process by instructing the software to auto-detect any face in the video. Once auto-detection is complete, the software allows the user to select and redact the face or faces throughout the video. 
6,000 spying law enforcement agencies and growing 
How long, before every law enforcement agency in America is equipped with facial recognition cameras? 
Nearly 1 Million spying cops in America 
According to the Skeptical Libertarian there are close to a MILLION cops in the U.S. Think about what’s happening. 
Soon, America will have 18,000 law enforcement agencies and a MILLION cops using facial recognition software! 
How long before firefighters are equipped with facial recognition cameras? 
In Modesto, California firefighters are being equipped with heat-resistant helmet cameras. 
WGV’s ‘Christian’ facial recognition cameras 
According to WGV’s company profile, God wants to give cops facial recognition cameras! 
WGV is a God-guided company that is committed to serving our employees and customers through servant leadership . 
Are they listening to God or the cops? 
“ Our team spends a lot of time listening to the needs of law enforcement as it pertains to video evidence. With VISTA WiFi, I think they’ll find we not only surpassed their needs, we’ve leapfrogged the market’s expectations” Robert Vanman , Founder and CEO of WatchGuard Video said. 
WGV works closely with Homeland Security 
Join Grants Office, LLC and WatchGuard Video as we explore various [DHS] grant programs that will fund BWCs, as well as other solutions such as in-car video. In addition to gaining an understanding of the funding available and tips to secure grants, participants will learn about the latest and greatest video technology available to public safety agencies. 
WGV helps police get $1.8 Billion in grant money from DHS 
WGV published a 2016 Grant Funding Guide that identifies funding sources and helps them write grants that’ll get approved.",0
7567,IRONY ALERT: First Person Arrested For Voter Fraud Is A Trump Supporter,"IRONY ALERT: First Person Arrested For Voter Fraud Is A Trump Supporter By Andrew Bradford on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Ever since the public opinion polls began showing him behind in the 2016 race for the White House, GOP nominee Donald Trump has alleged that the political system and election is “rigged.” He has even recommended that his supporters show up at polling places to observe what is taking place and assure the election isn’t “stolen” via voter fraud. 
Which brings us to Thursday in Des Moines, Iowa. Terri Lynn Rote voted early at an election office in her hometown. A few hours later, Rote then went to another polling location and attempted to vote a second time. She was arrested and charged with first-degree election fraud, a Class D felony. 
The irony is almost too much to stomach, isn’t it? 
Polk County Auditor Jamie Fitzgerald said it’s the first time in 12 years he can remember ever having to report potential voter fraud to the authorities. 
What Trump and other Republicans fail to say when they warn of voter fraud on the left is that based on the demographics of the American electorate, there is no need for Democrats to try and commit fraud when it comes to a national election. In fact, it is far more likely that the GOP will have to try to cheat or intimidate voters (with restrictive voter ID provisions and by cutting back the number of polling places or early voting days) in order to remain competitive. 
It should also be noted that when Trump was winning in the Republican primaries, you never once heard him scream about anyone trying to cheat or rig an election. It was only after his own numbers began to slip and he found himself behind by as much at 14 points to Hillary Clinton that such talk began. 
So, Donald, what say you about the election being rigged in light of Terri Rote? Donald? Hmm…guess that silence tells us all we need to know. 
Here’s the Donald alleging that the election is rigged against him: 
Featured Image Via Des Moines Police Dept. About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect",0
7568,Israel recalling UNESCO ambassador,"October 27, 2016 Israel recalling UNESCO ambassador 
Following its passing of another controversial resolution seen as anti-Israeli by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has instructed Israeli Ambassador to UNESCO Carmel Shama-Hacohen to return to Israel for consultation. 
 ",0
7569,"Used Cars Slip Past Recall Safeguards, Putting Drivers in Danger - The New York Times","The outdoor lot of Mr. Z Towing in Flushing, Queens, looked like an automotive graveyard. A   Pontiac Grand Prix, one of 20 towed or abandoned cars that the New York City Department of Finance was auctioning on Tuesday, came with a Popeyes fried chicken box on its dashboard. Others were scuffed and dented. The cars did not even have keys. Some of the vehicles on offer had another serious flaw: safety problems for which recall notices had been issued but repairs were never made. That included explosive Takata airbags that have been linked to 15 deaths. The airbag defect claimed another life last month, a    Riverside, Calif. woman whose 2001 Honda Civic had been sold three times at auto auctions much like the one in Queens, before her son bought it from an acquaintance. The woman, Delia Robles, was on her way to get a flu shot when her car collided with a pickup truck. The death has highlighted a group of drivers especially vulnerable to dangerous vehicles: second, third or even fourth owners, who purchased their vehicles in transactions far removed from the protections offered to buyers of new cars. There is no explicit federal requirement that sellers of used cars fix problems related to safety recalls, or even disclose the recalls, the way   dealers must. Efforts to introduce tougher laws for used cars have languished in Congress, under lobbying pressure from the   industry. The more lax regulations for   safety affect a large swath of the population. Last year, more than 38 million used cars were sold across the country  —   more than twice as many as were sold new, according to the automotive information site Edmunds. com. Auctions, whether by governments or dealers, represent the least regulated rung of the industry, often dealing in   cars that are sold to the most vulnerable consumers, said Bernard Brown, a consumer protection lawyer in Kansas City, Mo. who has closely followed auto auction companies. “Auctions are where dealers who would be uncomfortable selling damaged and defective cars directly to their customers will unload to other dealers who do want to sell them,” he said. “It would typically be dealers who sell to the less educated, less   poorer,     consumers,” Mr. Brown said. While the country’s largest trade groups for sellers of used vehicles say they encourage their members to disclose and fix recalled vehicles, they stop short of requiring it. “We certainly advise, from a   standpoint, that if a fix is available then our dealers follow that process,” said Shaun Petersen, a senior vice president at the National Independent Automobile Dealers Association, a trade group whose members include   dealers. “And if a fix is not available, then certainly it’s in your best interest and best practice to disclose. ” Ms. Robles’s son, Jose Contreras, 26, bought his mother’s car a year ago from Ivan Henderson, a man he met playing pool. Last month, during a   the car’s airbag exploded, propelling metal parts that killed Ms. Robles, who worked the 5 a. m. shift as a breakfast attendant at a Hampton Inn. “She was my best friend,” Mr. Contreras said of his mother, in text messages, from his home in Riverside. “Her grandkids were her world. ” Honda said it had sent out more than 20 notices since that model was first recalled in 2008, warning that its   airbag could rupture. Instead of being fixed, the Honda was resold at least three times since the recall  —   at auctions in 2010 and in 2015, then by Mr. Henderson, who bought the car at an auction then sold it to Mr. Contreras for $2, 100. The estimated   value of Ms. Robles’s car, which had clocked 139, 000 miles, was about $1, 450, assuming it was in fair condition, according to Kelley Blue Book. Safety advocates say that Mr. Henderson and the sellers before him should never have sold a recalled car without disclosing the defect or getting the airbag replaced at a Honda dealer at no cost to the owner. Recall information on specific cars is available from the car’s maker and, since 2014, has been pooled in an online government database, which anyone can search using a vehicle identification number. And even before then, dealers and consumers alike were able to check whether a car was under recall by calling a government auto safety hotline. Vendors like Carfax also provide detailed car history reports for a fee. Despite the lack of explicit federal laws on recalled used cars, a patchwork of state consumer protections and laws already effectively prohibits the sale of dangerous vehicles, some safety advocates and lawyers say. “Anytime they conceal a material defect, that’s fraud,” said Rosemary Shahan, the president of the nonprofit Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety. New York State, for instance, forbids the sale of vehicles “as is. ” The New York City Department of Consumer Affairs says cars offered for sale must be “roadworthy,” and it has gone after dealers it suspected of selling cars that were recalled but not repaired. But in New York State, government agencies are exempt from the “as is” rule, providing a loophole for the city’s Department of Finance auctions. Some companies like CarMax, one of the country’s largest   dealers, advertise that their vehicles pass rigorous safety tests  —   even if the cars have unrepaired problems for which recalls have been issued. CarMax says it discloses recalls. Still, Ms. Shahan and others argue, advertising a recalled vehicle as safe is misleading. The vast universe of   sales has created challenges for reaching owners of recalled vehicles, said Bryan Thomas, a spokesman for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Though automakers are required by law to make an effort to contact a car’s current owner about a recall, the owners of used cars that have changed hands several times can be hard to track down. “The people who own    vehicles don’t generally have a direct relationship with the dealers,” Mr. Thomas said. “How do you get to those people? Is the address data   ?” And, he said, do they know that fixing recalls is free? The task is especially critical for defective Takata airbags, which contain a compound that breaks down over time, making them increasingly prone to rupturing. Ms. Robles’s 2001 Civic was one of about 300, 000 cars with airbags that federal regulators say pose a particularly high risk of exploding. Three of the cars at Tuesday’s Department of Finance auction had been recalled for defective Takata airbags. Three others had open recalls for a deadly ignition switch defect that can cause a loss of power in cars. But the cars were being sold “as is,” even if they were under recall, the auctioneer, Dennis Alestra, announced through a loudspeaker. “All sales are final,” he warned. The city checks whether cars have been stolen or salvaged but does not look at whether a car has been recalled, said Patrick Edwards, a Department of Finance official. “We’re not responsible for any safety issues,” he said. “All buyers, the risk is on them. ” In a statement, Sonia Alleyne, a spokeswoman for the department, said that protecting consumers was a “priority” and that the agency was “open to working with state lawmakers to improve” the auction process. Juan Carlos, a retired mechanical engineer who had his eye on a 2005 Dodge Grand Caravan, knew to be wary. “These cars are from the street,” he said, “so you’re taking a chance. ” But Mr. Henderson, who bought the car that killed Ms. Robles in California, said he was shocked to learn only after her death about the car’s safety issues. He bought the car at a wholesale auction run by Manheim, part of Cox Automotive, which also runs the vehicle research and valuation company Kelley Blue Book. “They just said ‘as is,’” he said. “I knew nothing about the car. ” A spokesman for Manheim, which processes 7. 5 million cars a year, said the company encouraged sellers to disclose recall information. There was “no realistic way” for the company to force dealers to disclose safety defects, said the spokesman, Chintan Talati. Honda said it had been looking for the car’s owner. On top of the 20 mailed notifications, the automaker made more than 90 phone calls to the vehicle’s previous owners, a Honda spokesman, Chris Martin, said. And while Honda said it had sent recall notices to two addresses associated with Ms. Robles, Mr. Contreras said he did not know about them. Honda said it had been unable to find Ms. Robles’s phone number. Honda never managed to elicit a response from Ms. Robles. When she drove to a clinic to get a flu shot on her day off last month, she hit a Chevy pickup that turned in her path. It was an accident that Ms. Robles should have walked away from. But her airbag ruptured violently. She was taken to a nearby hospital but later died from her wounds, according to the Riverside Police Department. She left behind three children and three grandchildren. “She had just such a bright spirit,” said Monica Sanchez, front office manager at the Hampton Inn where Ms. Robles had worked for five years. Ms. Robles had come to know the regulars, Ms. Sanchez said, including one guest whom she greeted every morning with a bowl of strawberries, which he liked to eat. After the accident, the hotel staff made a photo collage of Ms. Robles. It hangs near the kitchen, for all the guests to see.",0
7570,BREAKING: Trump VP Plane Slides Off Runway at LaGuardia Airport in NYC!,"0 comments GOP VP candidate Mike Pence’s Trump plane slid off the runway at LaGuardia airport Thursday evening, landing in the mud not far from the East River. 
The Trump plane stopped in the mud. It broke through a thin veneer of concrete designed to give way to keep planes from sliding into the river. 
No one was injured in the incident. Authorities say there could have been fatalities had the plane ended up in the water. 
KTLA 5 reports : 
Rescue crews were responding to the scene. The incident took place during a rainy night in the city. 
The press pool in the back of the aircraft could feel the plane fishtailing as it touched down and sliding off the runway before coming to a very sharp halt in the grass off the side of the runway. 
“We could feel the plane moving, and it was just not a natural landing that you experience,” CNN’s Elizabeth Landers, who was on the plane, told CNN’s Erin Burnett on “OutFront.” 
Stephanie Grisham, a spokeswoman for Donald Trump’s campaign, said the businessman called Pence shortly after the incident, adding that Trump “is very glad everyone on-board the plane is safe.” 
There was some noticeable damage to the runway. A campaign spokesperson told reporters there was no structural damage to the plane. 
Landers said the Indiana governor’s trip to New York had initially been delayed due to inclement weather. His plane was kept in a ground hold at the airport in Fort Dodge, Iowa, earlier in the day. 
Mary Schiavo, a former inspector general for the Department of Transportation, explained to CNN’s Anderson Cooper that the weather likely prevented the plane from getting “good traction.” There were 37 people on board at the time of the accident, including Pence. 
This could have been tragic. It is exponentially safer to fly in a plane than it is to ride in a car, but accidents still happen. Thank God all are safe.",0
7571,Retired Women’s Basketball Star Says Supposedly Tolerant WNBA Oppresses Heterosexual Players - Breitbart,"A recently retired Women’s National Basketball Association player is charging the league with bullying and oppressing players who aren’t gay. [Candice Wiggins retired at the relatively young age of 30 from the WNBA’s New York Liberty after a standout career including being chosen for the WNBA   Team in 2008, earning WNBA Sixth Woman of the Year in 2008, and going to the WNBA finals in 2011. Her professional career is on top of a very long list of high school honors earned between 2001 and 2004.  But in a new interview, Wiggins says she was essentially hounded out of the league because she isn’t gay, according to The San Diego  . Wiggins said that she wanted to keep playing but the fact that the league itself has so few fans “didn’t lend itself to my mental state. ” “It was a depressing state in the WNBA. It’s not watched. Our value is diminished. It can be quite hard. I didn’t like the culture inside the WNBA, and without revealing too much, it was toxic for me.   …     My spirit was being broken,” Wiggins said. But she also noted that the major problems between players also added to her anguish. “Me being heterosexual and straight, and being vocal in my identity as a straight woman was huge. I would say 98 percent of the women in the WNBA are gay women. It was a conformist type of place,” Wiggins charged. “There was a whole different set of rules they (the other players) could apply. There was a lot of jealousy and competition, and we’re all fighting for crumbs. The way I looked, the way I played  —   those things contributed to the tension. ” “People were deliberately trying to hurt me all of the time. I had never been called the   so many times in my life than I was in my rookie season. I’d never been thrown to the ground so much,” she added. The retired player insisted that the message given by gay players was: “We want you to know we don’t like you. ” “It comes to a point where you get compared so much to the men, you come to mirror the men,” Wiggins concluded. “So many people think you have to look like a man, play like a man to get respect. I was the opposite. I was proud to a be a woman, and it didn’t fit well in that culture. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
7572,Mother Accused of Having Sex with Five Underage Boys,"A Florida mother is accused of giving alcohol to minors and having sex with five underage boys at her daughter’s house party. [Jaimie Ayer, 40, of Bradenton, came home to her daughter’s party December 23 and allegedly provided alcohol to the teenagers, the Daily Mail reported.  The woman eventually told a boy that she needed to shower and that he should help her, according to the arrest report. Her daughter and other   allegedly caught her later having sex in front of two teenage boys, ages 16 and 17. Three more boys have come forward alleging that Ayer had sex with them. Three of the five alleged victims are 16 years old. Ayer was arrested on three counts of unlawful sexual activity and now faces an additional four counts of that charge after the other boys came forward, the Miami Herald reported. Ayer appeared intoxicated when authorities apprehended her, said the arrest affidavit. She is being held on $22, 500 bond and remains in the Manatee County Jail.",0
7573,Braless Jourdan Dunn flaunt their supermodel figures in racy see-through dresses,Support Us Braless Jourdan Dunn flaunt their supermodel figures in racy see-through dresses,0
7574,Colin Powell (Pronounced “Colon Pao”) Endorses Hillary Clinton,"Migrant Crisis Disclaimer 
We here at the Daily Stormer are opposed to violence. We seek revolution through the education of the masses. When the information is available to the people, systemic change will be inevitable and unavoidable. 
Anyone suggesting or promoting violence in the comments section will be immediately banned, permanently. Daily Stormer Presents: Dr. David Duke © Copyright Daily Stormer 2016, All Rights Reserved",0
7575,"KASSAM at CPAC Slams Establishment Media: ‘I’ve Been to Sweden, You Guys Just Don’t Get it!’","Fresh from a tour of   ‘  zones’ across Europe, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam has slammed the media establishment for playing down the phenomenon, telling them to “get your head out of your rears! ”[ Speaking at the prestigious Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) he explained: “I was there, in these   zones, and I came back and we were talking about Sweden, and Donald Trump is talking about Sweden. ”  He was referring to a speech by the president, in which he spoke of “problems” in the Nordic nation caused by mass uncontrolled immigration. It was widely mocked by many in the media, who claimed everything was fine there. President Trump hit back at the claims today at the same conference, remarking the violence in Sweden as well as other European nations confirmed his remarks.  “And I was in Paris too, and I was in Brussels in [the municipalities of] Molenbeek too, and you guys at the back [the mainstream media] you just don’t get it!” blasted Mr. Kassam. “You don’t go there, you don’t see what’s going on! Get your heads out of your rears!” “I was in these   zones, actually, and if you want to hear more about that  …     I’ve got a book coming out on it” he revealed. Mr. Kassam, who is just    and has edited Breitbart London since its inception in February 2014, also told the crowd about his own background.  “I was born in West London into a Muslim family. And I am now proud to say that I am a conservative I am a proud Englishman and, I am a robust Americaphile” he said to cheers. Finally, he moved on to introducing “Mr. Brexit” former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, describing him as a “father figure” and comparing him favourably to president Donald J. Trump. “But I’m here to introduce a man, today, who really changed my life in a very significant way who changed my country in a very significant way and I would argue, changed the world in a very significant way. “You know last year we had Brexit!” Mr. Kassam declared, to more rapturous cheers, “and Brexit was spearheaded by a man who loves his country, who wants an end to uncontrolled, mass migration  …     who wants us to be a proud sovereign nation again. “I used to work for that man. He is a member of the European Parliament. He worked tirelessly, travelled up and down the country sometimes speaking to rooms of three or four people at the beginning of his career, just to have his message heard. “Twenty years ago this movement started. “He’s been a mentor to me. He’s been a friend to so many of us. And he’s also been, really, a father figure to so many of us. He has survived cancer. He has survived a car crash. He has survived a plane crash. He has survived the BBC, CNN, the establishment [and] the European Parliament!” Watch Raheem Kassam at CPAC: ",0
7576,How Russia could revive its ties with Moldova,"How Russia could revive its ties with Moldova Following the victory of Igor Dodon in Moldovan elections, Moscow has a real chance to boost its relations with the former Soviet republic. However this task is not so easy Following the victory of Igor Dodon in Moldovan elections, Moscow has a real chance to boost its relations with the former Soviet republic. However this task is not so easy. 

With 99.9 percent of the votes counted, Igor Dodon, a pro-Russian politician, won 52.3 percent of the vote and secured a clear win in a presidential race in Moldova. ;Photo: AP 
The presidential campaign in the Republic of Moldova is now officially over with the second round of elections concluded on Nov. 13. The first round that took place two weeks earlier did not determine a winner but made two political trends evident: The percentage of voters who supported closer ties with Russia and those who supported the EU was more or less equal, and there is demand for a change in Moldova regardless of any foreign policy aspirations.
The main competition took place between  ;pro-Russian candidate Igor Dodon, the leader of the socialist party, and the pro-EU candidate, former Minister of Education (2012-2015) Maia Sandu. As a result of the run-off vote on Nov. 13, Dodon won the presidential seat.
The dominance of the pro-European political groups is now being challenged, as over the course of his campaign Dodon repeatedly called for strengthening ties with Russia, promoting Moldova’s integration with Eurasian projects. He also actively criticized his counterparts for the absence of any visible results of Moldova’s cooperation with the West. He also made promises to visit Moscow first if he gets elected.
Does this mean that Moldova will change or at least make significant corrections to its foreign policy priorities and stop playing the role of a strategic European partner? Can one expect significant developments in resolving the Transnistria conflict?
Also read: "" Revealing the post-Soviet identity complex in Transnistria "" Just a week before the run-off vote, the head of Moldova’s military, Anatol Salaru, stated : “We will request international organizations to pressure Russia to withdraw its forces. We provide all opportunities for that – by sea, land or air.” Will the new president of the Republic follow these plans or dismiss them given the incompatibility of such plans with improving ties with Russia? To what extent is Dodon ready to make concessions to reach a compromise?
Against the backdrop of Donald Trump’s triumph in the U.S. and the victory of the left forces in Bulgaria, one might consider the victory of Moldovan socialists as another positive external development for Russia. At the same time, it would be too early make any enthusiastic conclusions, first and foremost, because Moldova is a not a republic that has established a strong role for the president.
Indeed, Dodon was elected through direct voting – for the first time since 1996 – and the elections themselves took place during a crisis of trust between the public and the government. However, it is not the figure of a specific politician that is significant for the public, but the institution of the presidency itself. The power of the head of state is quite limited by the parliament and the government apparatus. So, he will have to take into account of the views of his opponents unless he establishes a dictatorship, which is quite unlikely.
The electoral divide is also quite important in this situation and Dodon as a pragmatic politician understands this quite well. It is not a coincidence that after the election he spoke about the necessity to work with all politicians given that he is the president of all citizens of Moldova.
Those who voted for Sandu criticize the idea of Moldova’s Eurasian integration and argue for the continuation of cooperation with the West. The new head of state will inevitably have to take these views into account while working on specific decisions. He can counter or criticize the Eurocentric position, but he cannot ignore it. Otherwise, he will face mass protests similar to neighboring Ukraine , the experience of which is too recent to forget.
Speaking about Dodon’s foreign policy transformation, one should remember what Moldova went through since the collapse of the Soviet Union. In the post-Soviet period it made steps to balance between Russia and Europe. In 2001 following the wave of disappointment in cooperation with the West, communists led by Vladimir Voronin won power in the country and received a public mandate to establish closer relations with Russia. However, no breakthrough followed.
Furthermore, the “Kozak Memorandum” for Transnistrian conflict resolution brought no results and this made Voronin one of the most problematic partners for Russia. [This 2003 memorandum outlined Russia’s proposal for a final settlement of relations between Moldova and Transnistria – Editor’s note] The steps to “reset” relations on the background of pro-European parties’ revival in popularity in 2008-2009 were also unsuccessful. As a result, the coalition of liberals, liberal-democrats and democrats replaced the communists.
This did not bring any significant change to the state of Russia-Moldova relations, which were already at their lowest point. What’s worth noting is that the current winner of the elections - Dodon - worked together with Voronin in the 2000s and even contributed to the introduction of stricter tax rules for Transnistria.
In this regard, it is necessary to understand that opposition rhetoric and policies in practice are not the same. Moscow experienced this difference repeatedly in relations with former Soviet republic . This was the case not only with Voronin, but also with Ukrainian leaders Leonid Kuchma and Viktor Yanukovych as well: Their “pro-Russian rhetoric” during the elections was later replaced by totally different foreign policy decisions. Even Mikheil Saakashvili was seen in 2004 as a politician who could potentially reverse the negative trend emerged during the time of Eduard Shevardnadze. But the reality was totally different.
But does this mean that, based on these lessons, Moscow should play it safe and abstain from believing in the sincerity of Dodon’s proposals? Such stance would be representing another extreme. The fact that the new leader is ready to improve bilateral ties with Russia is very important. These are not just words – the public voted to support this course. It is the citizens of Moldova, not the voters from some unrecognized breakaway republic.
Yet, it is necessary to avoid inflated expectations in dealing with the new president. One should not believe in miracles and demand him to turn his country into “Belarus-2.” It is important to establish a pragmatic relationship allowing for a gradual strengthening of Russia’s role in Moldova.
Specific projects and deals should be prioritized over diplomatic words and general rhetoric. ;Through these concrete steps the citizens of Moldova, even those who voted for cooperation with Europe, will acknowledge the role of Russia in the development of their country and see cooperation with Russia not only as a Soviet memory but a platform for new opportunities.
In this case, the number of Dodon’s supporters will grow and the demonstration of Russian effectiveness will become a positive factor in Moscow’s relations with other neighboring countries and post-Soviet republics.
In order for this to happen, Russia should avoid the two extremes: inflated expectations from the socialist victory and Moldova’s break-up with the EU, on the one hand, and excessive concerns over the insincerity of the new leader, on the other.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. ",0
7577,Donations to Clinton Foundation dry up as Hillary no longer has a 'product to sell',"Donations to Clinton Foundation dry up as Hillary no longer has a ‘product to sell’ November 22, 2016 Google + Donations to the Clinton Foundation nose-dived last year amid Hillary Clinton’s presidential run, pay-to-play allegations, internal strife and a black mark from a charity watchdog.
Contributions fell by 37 percent to $108 million, down from $172 million in 2014, according to the group’s latest tax filings. 
The cash plummeted as Hillary Clinton left the nonprofit in April 2015 after announcing her ill-fated candidacy. The foundation became a major issue in the race , with Donald Trump vowing to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate it. 
Whether that effort will go forward is not clear. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), head of the House Oversight Committee, has indicated a probe into the foundation will continue. 
Not only did contributions drop, but so did revenue the Clintons brought in from speeches. That income fell to $357,500 from $3.6 million in 2014. 
By the time the foundation’s Clinton Global Initiative held its annual conference in September 2015, many donors had bailed, including Samsung and ExxonMobil. 
Donna Shalala, the former Health and Human Services secretary who was brought in to run the charity last year, suffered a stroke after the CGI meeting. 
The foundation had been rocked by internal divisions after daughter Chelsea Clinton took a more active role in the organization in 2013, when the group was renamed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. 
Eric Braverman, a pal of Chelsea’s, was brought in to run the group, but he clashed with Bruce Lindsey, a senior adviser in the Clinton administration who had been CEO and became board chairman. 
Braverman departed in January 2015 after 18 months, receiving a $330,000 payout, according to the tax filings. Shalala replaced him. 
The Clinton Foundation refused to comment, but Shalala told The Chronicle of Philanthropy last month that the foundation had taken in money pledged in earlier years but those donations were recorded on earlier tax filings.",0
7578,Calais Mayor Bans Food Distribution in Bid to Quell Migrants,"The Mayor of Calais has banned food distribution to migrants in the city in a bid to prevent yet another ‘Jungle’ migrant camp from springing up. [Visiting Calais on Wednesday, the French Interior Minister, Bruno Le Roux, said no new shelters would be set up in the vicinity to avoid drawing migrants back to the port city.  But he made it clear that the distribution of food would not be prohibited by the state  —   an assertion Mayor Natascha Bouchard moved quickly to counter, arguing that food distribution also acted as a draw. On Thursday, officials placed posters around the site of the old Jungle shanty town issuing a mayoral decree banning the “regular, persistent and large presence of individuals distributing meals to migrants” to maintain peace and security in the area. It also prevents “repeated, prolonged gatherings” of people, effectively preventing charities from setting up food distribution points which draw crowds. The decree was rapidly enforced one volunteer has told The Guardian that police fired teargas at charity workers and migrants during a breakfast distribution on Thursday morning. “They wanted to stop the distribution, and they wanted to stop people from sleeping in the area,” said Sarah Arrom, who volunteers with Utopia56. “There has never been teargas before when we’ve been trying to hand out food. ” Migrants have been flocking to the northern town for nearly two decades in a bid to gain passage to the UK via the Channel Tunnel and ferry crossings to Dover. In 1999, the French Red Cross opened a migrant reception centre at Sangatte, but it quickly became overcrowded prompting migrants to set up various Jungle camps in the surrounding woods, relocating when the police moved them on. Sangatte was closed in 2002 by the then President Nicolas Sarkozy on request by the British Labour government, having housed some 67, 000 migrants during its three years  —   but the migrants remained. The first official Jungle made headlines in 2008 when a British journalism student was subject to a “particularly brutal” gang rape by migrants while attempting to write a story on those drawn to the region. The following year saw two operations to bulldoze the tents and structures erected by the 800 or so migrants living there, but again the migrants drifted back, numbers rising steadily. It was the 2015 migrant crisis which supercharged the Jungle, sending migrant numbers spiralling as high as 10, 000, while the camp took on the characteristics of a shanty town complete with bars, shops, restaurants, churches, and a school. January 2016 saw the partial demolishment of the town, the wooden structures replaced with shipping containers offering dry, warm beds and electricity for 1, 500 migrants. By October, the remainder of the camp had been demolished and thousands of migrants bussed out to migrant reception centres across France. Within weeks, the migrants began to return. Despite the police running a “zero tolerance operation” rounding up migrants for relocation to regional reception centres, Utopia56 says it now distributes 250 meals a night. Refugee Community Kitchen and Help Refugees make a further 400 meals a day, according to Renke Meuwese, who works with both charities. But Bouchart is determined to prevent a return to the Jungle’s heydey. “We have already suffered too much,” she said.",0
7579,Pound Falls Three Cents on the Dollar in Wake of General Election Uncertainty,"LONDON (AP)  —   The pound fell sharply after Britain’s election saw the Conservatives lose their majority in parliament, raising questions about the next government’s ability to lead the talks to leave the European Union. [The British currency lost as much as 3 cents against the dollar by Friday as the results confirmed exit poll predictions that Prime Minister Theresa May had failed in her gambit to gain a stronger majority for those Brexit talks.  The pound fell as low as $1. 2636 from $1. 2955 on Thursday, before recovering slightly to trade at $1. 2737. Above all, investors are worried about the general uncertainty surrounding the country  —   whether a bruised May will resign in due course, whether the Conservatives will be able to form a new government or whether it will be an alliance of opposition parties, led by the Labour Party. “The big picture is that political uncertainty could take weeks or months to be resolved and it is likely to weigh on both financial markets (in particular the pound) and the economy,” said Paul Hollingsworth, economist at Capital Economics in London. As the dust settles, one issue will dominate investors’ concerns above all: whether Britain is more or less likely to retain privileged access to the EU’s single market, the destination for most of the country’s exports. Currently, investors seem to worry that a weakened Conservative prime minister would not have the power to resist calls from some within the party who want a clean divorce from the EU, even if that means losing privileged access to the EU single market. When May called the election in April, she did so with the Conservatives riding high in the polls, and the pound had surged on expectations that a big majority for the Conservatives would allow her to quell the   eurosceptics in her parliamentary ranks. But her decision to call the general election has backfired, and it is not even certain she will remain at the helm. Samuel Tombs, analyst at Pantheon Macroeconomics, says the pound could drop further, to $1. 2600, where it was trading before May announced the election in April. Complicating the outlook for the pound, however, is the strong showing by the Labour Party, which has advocated for closer ties between Britain and the EU single market. Though Labour is not expected to form the next government, even through an alliance with smaller parties, the vote suggests the British warmed to the party’s vision of keeping close ties with the lucrative EU market. The drop in the pound could push up inflation further in Britain, eroding people’s living standards. It would make British exports more price competitive around the world  —   something that was reflected in a rise in shares for major British companies on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index was up 0. 6 percent. It would also in theory make it cheaper for foreign people and companies to spend and invest in Britain, though analysts say any gains would likely be offset by the chilling effect the general uncertainty will have on business investment. “This is a serious moment for the U. K. economy,” said Carolyn Fairbairn, the head of Britain’s biggest business lobby, the CBI. “Politicians must act responsibly, putting the interests of the country first and showing the world that the U. K. remains a safe destination for business. ”",0
7580,"Split by ‘Brexit,’ May and Merkel Diverge on Wider Issues, Too - The New York Times","LONDON  —   In another era they could have been allies. Both vicars’ daughters and born just a few years apart, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain share an understated pragmatism and conservative roots, and have made their way in the still largely man’s world of politics. But there could be so much more. At a time when President Trump is lashing out at friend and foe, and when the macho politics of strongmen is resurgent from Moscow to Manila, when not just the European Union but   Western values, free trade and security alliances are under attack, the two women might have worked together to defend the liberal global order. Instead, because of Britain’s vote in June to leave the European Union, they find themselves on opposite sides of the biggest divorce in recent European history, a chasm that has fundamentally reordered their priorities and is hindering them from cooperating on the broader issues. At a meeting of European leaders in Malta last week, Mrs. May and Ms. Merkel abruptly canceled a planned bilateral meeting after a brief exchange during a sightseeing excursion was deemed enough. After lunch, when it came to discussing the threats facing Europe, Mrs. May was shown the door. Their differing priorities were on ample display this past week as they dealt with both Mr. Trump and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. Ms. Merkel, whose overriding strategic ambition as Germany’s leader is to save the European Union, has kept her distance from Mr. Trump. After his election, she firmly outlined the liberal values on which she was prepared to work with him, and she swiftly condemned his travel ban aimed at seven   countries. Mrs. May, whose priority is to sign bilateral trade deals to offset her country’s departure from Europe’s single market, rushed to be the first foreign leader received by Mr. Trump after he took office. Apparently pleased to be caught on camera holding his hand, she extended a speedy invitation for a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II. “Opposites attract,” she beamed. The invitation has since become a polarizing issue in Britain’s sharply divided political landscape, and reinforced a view on the Continent that as Britain cuts ties with Europe, it will become America’s lap dog. “It’s chalk and cheese,” said Timothy Garton Ash, a professor of European history at Oxford. “But none of this tells you very much about the contrasting character of the two women. It tells you about the contrasting positions of the two countries. ” If Ms. Merkel can still afford to be an idealist, Britain’s plan to leave the European Union, or “Brexit,” has turned Mrs. May into a calculating realist. Within hours of leaving Mr. Trump, she was on a plane to Turkey. Upon arriving, Mrs. May waffled in her judgment of Mr. Trump’s travel ban, later stiffening her criticism after a public outcry. She also negotiated a deal with Turkey involving the British defense company BAE Systems. Five days later, Ms. Merkel paid her own visit to Mr. Erdogan and looked far clearer in her resolve when faced with the autocratic Turkish leader, calmly noting that she had raised controversial issues like press freedom and Turkey’s future Constitution. Privately, German officials express some sympathy for Mrs. May’s sometimes clumsy diplomacy, understanding that she needs new partners if she is to make good on her promise of a “Global Britain. ” But only occasionally have there been glimpses of the partnership that might have been. In July, Ms. Merkel was almost effusive in welcoming Mrs. May, who chose Berlin for her first foreign trip as prime minister. The German chancellor emphasized their countries’ “common values. ” During a news conference, both women stiffly answered questions about Brexit. Then a journalist asked about their first impressions of each other. Their body language visibly loosened. Ms. Merkel laughed, and Mrs. May said, “We have two women here who, if I may say so, want to get on with the job. ” Their shared gender has led to many lazy comparisons, said Rosa Prince, the author of a biography of Mrs. May that is to be published this month. “When you are a female political leader of a certain age, you are inevitably compared to Margaret Thatcher and Angela Merkel,” she said. “Theresa May is nothing like Margaret Thatcher, but as it happens has quite a lot in common with Angela Merkel. ” Each cautious and deliberate, they are both childless, have quiet husbands and enjoy watching sports. (Ms. Merkel knows soccer Mrs. May prefers cricket.) An Oxford graduate and lawmaker since 1997, Mrs. May was Britain’s   home secretary of modern times before taking over from Prime Minister David Cameron in the confusion that followed the Brexit referendum. As Ms. Prince put it, “She was the last woman standing after all the men got burned or ran away. ” Ms. Merkel, a scientist before she went into politics, is long used to being the only woman in the room. Evelyn Roll, a German biographer of Ms. Merkel, said that, on the advice of a German actress, the chancellor had deliberately lowered the pitch of her voice to deter men from talking over her. Both women endured condescension and outright misogyny as they rose. Mrs. May has been called a “bloody difficult woman” by a fellow minister. Ms. Merkel’s predecessor and mentor, Helmut Kohl, patronized her as “my girl. ” Even after Ms. Merkel unseated Mr. Kohl as leader of the Christian Democrats amid a party financing scandal, Germany’s   news media belittled her as efficient but bland  —   until she took office in 2005 and gradually became “Mutti,” the mother of the nation. “The only way men can process that a woman is in power is apparently to liken her to their mother,” Ms. Roll said. Ms. Merkel, who grew up in Germany’s former Communist east, has never branded herself a feminist. But on her watch Germany has introduced boardroom quotas for women and created a generous system of paid parental leave shared between mothers and fathers. Mrs. May once wore a   that read, “This is what a feminist looks like. ” In 2005, Mrs. May   a group called Women2Win to elect more women to Parliament and then nurture them, something that Mrs. Thatcher was often criticized for not doing. “They are both serious people who don’t grandstand, who don’t play for the gallery,” said Charles Grant, the director of the   Center for European Reform. But the few times the two women have met privately have been highly scripted affairs with little warmth on display, according to one person who was present at more than one of their meetings. “Theresa May is not good at small talk,” said Ms. Prince, the biographer. “She is not an easygoing, smooth person. She is not a natural diplomat. ” Ms. Merkel, however, is said to respect Mrs. May, considering her the “ ” in the British government, officials close to the chancellor say. For her part, Mrs. May has long expressed admiration for the German chancellor. “There are still people who don’t rate her, are a bit dismissive, perhaps because of the way she looks and dresses,” Mrs. May said in a 2012 interview with The Daily Telegraph. “What matters is, what has she actually done? And when you look at her abilities in terms of negotiation and steering Germany through a difficult time, then hats off to her. ” The two will soon be on the opposite side of the negotiations as Brexit talks commence. There is no wish in Berlin to “punish” Britain for leaving, said Peter Torry, Britain’s ambassador in Germany until 2007, who still lives in the German capital. But Berlin’s tone has grown more distant as Britain’s resolve to leave has hardened and their interests diverge. Mrs. May has said she will turn Britain into a   competitor if no favorable deal is offered by the European Union by the end of a   negotiation. But given her promises for a fairer society, that proposal is not considered credible or workable by many business and political leaders in Europe. Nor is her offer to be a bridge to the new American president. At a news conference in Malta after the European Union summit meeting on Friday, Ms. Merkel was asked whether Germany should lower its corporation tax in line with the reductions signaled by Mrs. May and Mr. Trump. “We have a tax system in Germany that is weathering challenges well,” Ms. Merkel said, suggesting that   societies rely on raising a fair amount of tax. One reason for the difference between the two women’s approaches may be that one is just starting out as head of government, while the other has been in office for over a decade. “May is like Merkel 10 years ago,” Ms. Roll said. Though sometimes accused of lacking a vision for Europe, Ms. Merkel is calm and strategic, said Daniela Schwarzer, the director of the German Council on Foreign Relations’ research institute in Berlin. “That’s obviously helpful in a situation where we risk seeing a lot of provocations coming out of Washington over the next few years,” she said. By contrast, Ms. Schwarzer added, Mrs. May seems “more tactical at this point. ” One leader is consumed by preparing Britain’s departure from the European Union, and the other with keeping the bloc together. Could they develop a pragmatic relationship during the Brexit talks and beyond? “It won’t be a smooth ride,” Ms. Prince said, “but it certainly has a better chance of succeeding with these two levelheaded women at the top. ”",0
7581,U.S. Attack on Syria Cements Kremlin’s Embrace of Assad - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   If Russia once maintained at least a semblance of distance from President Bashar   of Syria, it rushed to his defense after the American missile strike ordered by President Trump on Thursday. The attack cemented Moscow more closely than ever to the notorious Syrian autocrat. Even as the United States condemned Mr. Assad for gassing his own citizens and held Russia partly responsible, given its 2013 promise to rid Syria of chemical weapons, the Kremlin kept denying that Syria had any such capability. By championing Mr. Assad and condemning American “aggression,” President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia seemed to be burying the idea that he could somehow cooperate with the Trump administration to end the conflict on his terms. The solidarity with Damascus is likely to cause problems for Russia in the long run, analysts said, although Mr. Putin probably cannot be persuaded to loosen his embrace any time soon. The Russian government often takes its time to react to major world events, but the Kremlin issued a prompt statement early Friday castigating the United States for the missile strike on Al Shayrat airfield in retaliation for Syria’s chemical weapons attack. The Russian Ministry of Defense vowed to strengthen Syria’s air defense systems, sent a frigate on a port call and froze an agreement with the United States to coordinate activity in Syrian air space. “Putin made a choice  —   to underline that Assad is his ally,” said Aleksandr Morozov, an independent political analyst. “This will lead to Russia’s further isolation, but Putin will stand his ground. ” Mr. Morozov and other analysts consider the policy problematic for various reasons. First, Mr. Trump and his secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, have painted Russia as at least partially responsible for the carnage among civilians that was fomented by the Assad government. “Moscow’s main problem is not that the U. S. made a strike but that Trump and Tillerson have toughened their rhetoric on Syria and Assad,” said Vladimir Frolov, a foreign affairs analyst and columnist for Republic. ru. He added, “They have said that Russia is responsible for Assad’s actions and that it didn’t fulfill its responsibilities in terms of chemical weapons disarmament. ” The chemical attack in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun on Tuesday killed more than 80 people and afflicted hundreds more. Turkey said on Thursday that sarin, a banned nerve agent, had been used. The United States responded by firing almost 60 cruise missiles at the air base, which housed the warplanes used in the chemical attack. The local governor said five military men and two civilians died. Second, in continuing deadly attacks on civilians, Mr. Assad seems to want to pursue a military victory at any cost, putting a lie to Russia’s statements that a negotiated settlement is the sole solution. That risks dragging out a war that Mr. Putin has depicted at home as quick, cheap and easy at a time when many Russians have been struggling economically. Trying to keep the length and cost of the war down is a crucial reason that the Russians will avoid escalating any conflict with the United States, analysts said. “Russia wants to end the conflict and to diminish its military and economic presence,” said Andrei Frolov, a defense analyst and the managing editor of the Moscow Defense Brief. With the next Russian presidential campaign scheduled to start by the end of the year, he said, “there is no need to continue a war outside the country with a weak explanation for the Russian people why Russia is staying there. ” A poll by the independent Levada center in March found that almost 20 percent of Russians already believed that the country’s military involvement in Syria made no sense. Third, the Assad alliance could undermine one of Mr. Putin’s main goals for entering the war: to try to make Russia a player on the world stage again as the indispensable broker in the Middle East. Protecting Mr. Assad could further repulse countries that Moscow has been courting, like Turkey and Israel, analysts said  —   not to mention much of the world. In the months immediately after Russia deployed its military in Syria, Maria Zakharova, the spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry, used to say things like, “We don’t support Assad what is important for us is to preserve Syrian statehood. ” After the attack, the ministry cranked out a statement lauding Syria for its “fierce battle” against “international terrorism. ” Aleksei V. Makarkin, the deputy head of the Center for Political Technologies, a think tank based in Moscow, said, “The longer Russia supports Assad, the more dependent it is on him. ” “At the beginning, there was some talk about replacing him, even if gradually,” he said, but that talk has evaporated. The ostensible reason that Mr. Putin deployed his military in Syria in September 2015 was to fight terrorism, but that is often dismissed as the   logic. Other goals, especially shoring up Mr. Assad, proved more important. Mr. Putin wanted to resurrect Moscow’s old Soviet reputation as a global military power. Syria proved a showcase for new Russian weapons, and Russia has established two rare overseas bases there. “Russia will continue to support Assad because he is the only guarantor of Russia’s military presence in Syria and hence of Russia’s military presence in the Middle East over all,” Mr. Makarkin said. In addition, Mr. Putin was appalled by the way Western leaders had abandoned former allies like President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and Col. Muammar Qadhafi of Libya. Mr. Putin was determined to prove that Russia would stick by its friends and oppose “regime change” rooted in outside intervention. Russia faults the United States for destabilizing countries like Iraq and Libya  —   which some think has provided an opening for Islamic extremists  —   a scenario Mr. Putin was determined to avoid in Syria. Finally, of course, Syria presented Russia with an opportunity to break out of the isolation that resulted from sanctions imposed by the West for its 2014 annexation of Crimea and destabilization of Ukraine. The Kremlin thought that forging an alliance with the West on Syria would render illogical the idea of maintaining the economic sanctions. Mr. Trump, during his campaign, seemed to champion the idea, as well, questioning the need for sanctions, suggesting that Crimea probably did belong to Russia and repeatedly praising Mr. Putin as a strong leader. He endorsed the idea that the two countries together fight the Islamic State, also known as ISIL or ISIS. While that raised suspicions in the United States of collusion, it was welcomed in Russia as a new dawn in relations. The illusions began fading as Mr. Trump or his allies reversed many of those positions one by one, and the attack on Syria pretty much buried them. On Friday, the rubric on Rossiya 24, the state satellite news channel, for some of the coverage of the attack was “Kaptain Amerika” imposed over a zombielike figure with dead eyes. “The rest of the   fog has melted away,” Dmitri Medvedev, Russia’s prime minister, wrote on his Facebook page. “Instead of the   narrative about a joint fight against our main enemy, ISIL, the Trump administration has demonstrated that it will be fiercely fighting the legitimate government of Syria. ” (That Mr. Medvedev responded publicly, but not Mr. Putin, seemed to indicate moderate anger.) The first consequence on the ground, analysts said, is that Syria and the Russian military will feel less restricted than ever in attacking forces they think are aligned with the West and that they have accused of being terrorists. Some Syrian rebel groups subsidized by the United States and its regional allies have formed battlefield alliances with fighters from Al Nusra, the affiliate of Al Qaeda in Syria. “Now Russia in Syria can oppress and destroy opposition forces without regard to the United States and its position,” Mr. Frolov, the defense analyst, said.",0
7582,Robert Vaughn dies after hearing Trumphole wins,"Man gets only one missed call from Mom Local Mom reportedly called her son just once, and hasn't left any messages whatsoever asking him to call her back when he gets this. Fort Wayne, IN - Worried sick, 29-year-old Barry Oldman reported Thursday he got just one missed call from his mo... Celebs ticked at Porn Knock-Offs Two, to be exact: Tom Cruise and Denzel Washington. Tom Cruise, out promoting his latest ""Jack Reacher"" fare on the Ricki Lake show, grew furious when he found out there's a new nudie flick called ""Jack Reach-around-er"", which caters to Gay men. Donald Trump Is The Boy Who Cried ""Wrong"" After being accused of trying to make America Great Again by grabbing another pussy, the man who is trying to break the Guinness Book of world records for the most lies told during a presidential campaign, Donald Trump is crying ""Wrong"" again! Ju... Bob Dylan Secretly Longs For Teen Choice Award New York, NY - After being announced as the winner of the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for groovy songs, sources close to legendary songwriter, Bob Dylan, say that all he really wants is a surfboard trophy from the Teen Choice Awards. ""Mr. Dylan couldn'...",0
7583,"VIDEO: Le Pen Pelted With Eggs, Keeps Smiling","Populist French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has been pelted with eggs as she arrived at a public appearance on the campaign trail in Brittany. [French   presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has been egged during a campaign stop https:  .  pic. twitter.  Arriving in    just days ahead of the final second round vote, the populist candidate was met by protesters brandishing signs and shouting: “Out with the fascists. ”  One launched a barrage of eggs at Mrs Le Pen and her entourage, causing her to duck for cover. She reportedly appeared relatively undeterred and unshaken, however, and continued smiling as she was promptly taken indoors by her bodyguards. The incident comes after her centrist rival Emmanuel Macron attacked Mrs Le Pen as a “parasite” and “liar” who risked throwing the nation into civil war during a heated TV debate last night. Over the weekend, a number of policemen were injured by violent,   Pen protesters at demonstrations in Paris. Hooded   thugs were filmed throwing petrol bombs at police, who responded with tear gas and stun grenades. At one point, a burning shopping trolley was wheeled towards officers.",0
7584,VIDEO COMPILATION: Pundits and Politicians Insist Donald Trump Cannot Win Election,"Posted 11/09/2016 5:13 am by PatriotRising with 0 comments VIDEO COMPILATION —- PUNDITS DECLARE DONALD TRUMP CANNOT WIN ELECTION… 
Barack Obama… 
Barack Obama 2: Donald Trump won’t be president. 
Jorge Ramos: Donald Trump can’t win without Latinos. #JorgeRamos 
Bob Schieffer: I can’t find any Republican who now thinks Trump will win (4 weeks ago) 
Krauthammer: Trump can’t win in November without cooperation from Ryan Penny Nance on Why Trump can’t win over conservative women 
Ted Cruz (in primary) Trump “cannot win a majority” 
CNN says Trump can’t win. Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?",0
7585,"WATCH: MILO Video Producer Pushed, Spat On By UC Davis Protesters - Breitbart","Footage from inside the MILO protests at UC Davis shows   protestors screaming and spitting at video producer Matt Perdie, with one describing him as a “Breitbart fascist. ”[After one protester demanded that he stop being filmed, other protestors attempted to help his case by screaming and spitting in the face of the cameraman.  Perdie was then pushed around by protestors, as another man screamed “f*** off” in his face with a loudspeaker, before spitting at him.  In a statement to Breitbart News, Matt Perdie said: “One of the protesters didn’t like the fact that I was filming him while working for Breitbart, so he summoned a few of his smelly cronies on me, instructing them to get me away from him. A bunch of them started yelling obscenities in my face, another was shoving me by ramming me with his back towards me. It’s pathetic. These losers try to do everything in their power to intimidate and silence those with opposing opinions. Then the same protester who told people to push me away then proceeded to tell the other protesters to grab my camera. ” He said: ‘Get that camera! Someone grab that expensive camera!’ When I confronted him about inciting people to damage or steal my equipment, protesters then pushed and shoved me. I also had a guy spit in my face because he didn’t like me filming in a public space. ” Other reports from the evening have shown ski   protestors jumping tearing down barricades and engaging in fights, whilst shouting chants comparing MILO to fascists and Ku Klux Klan. At least one man was arrested. One reporter for ABC10, Frances Wang, faced protestors pouring hot coffee over her photographers camera whilst she was conducting an interview. The event was set to be the first event on the third and final leg of the MILO’s “Dangerous Faggot Tour. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
7586,President-Elect Trump Invites An Excited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu To Come Visit,"  President-Elect Trump Invites An Excited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu To Come Visit “The bond between the U.S. and Israel is based on shared values, shared interests and a shared future. I am sure that President-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between Israel and the U.S. and we will bring them to ever greater heights,” he added.   16, 2016 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he is looking forward to working with President-elect Donald Trump on “the twin interests of peace and security.” 
“For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.” 1 Thessalonians 5:3 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: After enduring 8 years of a pro-Muslim, anti-Israel president , you can well imagine Benjamin Netanyahu’s excitement at a Donald Trump presidency. At the same time, it will be Trump’s very support that God will use to usher in some dramatic fulfillment of end times events. As we have been telling you – warning you – for over a year now, when Trump moves the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Israel, get ready to fly. We here at NTEB believe that the move will trigger the Psalm 83 war, or worse, and that the Rapture of the Church will then be right around the corner. If you have something you want to get done for the Lord, do it now. 
In a satellite address to the Jewish Federations of North America ’s annual General Assembly in Washington on Tuesday, Netanyahu urged President Barack Obama to continue America’s “longstanding policy” of supporting direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, and not pursue other avenues. Israel is concerned that Obama will use his final days in office to push for a UN Security Council resolution that will impose a two-state solution to the conflict. 
“I, for one, find great encouragement in the fact that there’s this continuity of friendship,” Netanyahu said . “I very much hope that President Obama will continue the policy that he enunciated,” Netanyahu said, referring to comments made by the outgoing president at the beginning of his first term. “The only way you get a workable and enduring peace is to have the parties agree to it. This is what has happened with our peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan. PM Netanyahu Congratulates US President-Elect Donald Trump: 
“We’ve had convulsions in the Middle East, and yet these peace treaties hold because they were directly agreed to by the parties,” he added. “The reason we’ll object to any such effort is because it will harden the Palestinian position, and because it will harden the Palestinian position, it will push peace back.” Netanyahu added that he is hoping to nurture the recent “quiet diplomacy” Israel has had with Arab nations with the future Trump administration. 
The day after the Republican candidate rocked the world by winning the election, he invited Netanyahu to visit Washington at the “first opportunity.” The prime minister and president-elect “who have known each other for many years, had a warm, heartfelt conversation” over the phone, a statement from the Prime Minister’s Office said . 
Netanyahu responded by saying that he and his wife Sara were excited to visit the incoming commander-in-chief and his wife Melania. Netanyahu congratulated Trump earlier in the day, calling the president-elect “a true friend of the State of Israel.” Donald Trump vows to protect Israel: “We will work together to advance security, stability and peace in our region,” Netanyahu said in a statement. 
“The bond between the U.S. and Israel is based on shared values, shared interests and a shared future. I am sure that President-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between Israel and the U.S. and we will bring them to ever greater heights,” he added. 
The son of the late president Shimon Peres, Chemi Peres, also congratulated Trump in his speech to the Jewish Federations General Assembly. 
“I would like to wish President-elect Trump the best of luck,” he said. “I am sure he will maintain the unbreakable link between Israel and the U.S., at the core of which are the unwavering support of Israel’s security and the forever-extended hand for peace.” source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
7587,Stark und schön zugleich,"Stark und schön zugleich Anton Butsenko/TASS 
Eine Teilnehmerin der russischen Bodybuilding- und Fitness-Meisterschaften 2016 in Jekaterinburg bereitet sich auf ihren Auftritt vor. Facebook",0
7588,7 Mexican Leaders with Ties to Drug Cartels,"Many of Mexico’s top leaders are linked to the brutal drug cartels overrunning their country. As Mexico slips further into a failed   top politicians’ links with drug cartels possibly help explain why. [1. Enrique Peña Nieto,  Despite his many campaign promises, the current Mexican president has been unable to put a halt to the raging cartel violence taking place in his country or has he been unwilling? As a candidate and during his term in office, Peña Nieto has openly supported many of the cartel linked politicians who are now in trouble with the law. As Breitbart Texas reported, operators from the Juarez Cartel allegedly funneled illicit funds into Peña Nieto’s 2012 presidential bid. The funds were used to buy cash cards that were then given to citizens in exchange for their votes. The scandal became known as Monexgate and was originally discovered by famed Mexican journalist Carmen Aristegui. 2. Tomas Yarrington, The former governor of Tamaulipas is wanted by the U. S. Department of Justice on multiple drug trafficking and money laundering charges. As Breitbart Texas reported, he allowed the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas to operate in his state in exchange for cartel bribes. After his term as governor, Yarrington worked with Los Zetas and the Beltran Leyva Cartel to move drugs through Veracruz. He was recently arrested in Italy and is awaiting extradition to the U. S. to stand trial.  3. Eugenio Hernandez, A second governor of Tamaulipas is wanted by the U. S. Department of Justice on multiple money laundering and bank fraud charges. As Breitbart Texas reported, Hernandez is believed to have continued Yarrington’s scheme of receiving cartel bribes as well as expanding a network used to embezzle government funds from contracts with ghost companies. While Hernandez is a wanted fugitive in the U. S. in Mexico he has a clean record and is not sought by that country’s law enforcement agencies. As Breitbart Texas first reported in a story that then Wall Street Journal tried to take credit for, the Mexican government had been providing both Hernandez and Yarrington with police officers as their personal bodyguards. Hernandez continues to live in Mexico.  4. Javier Duarte  The former governor of Veracruz has been charged with engaging in organized criminal activity, embezzlement and other charges by Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office he is not wanted by U. S. authorities. As reported by Breitbart Texas, Duarte was recently arrested in Guatemala and is fighting Mexico’s extradition efforts. Duarte is accused of embezzling massive amounts of money from the state’s coffers. The former governor has also been singled out by news organizations for the impunity with which journalists were killed in his state.  5. Cesar Duarte Jaquez  The former governor of Chihuahua is currently a wanted fugitive in his own country on warrants accusing him of embezzlement. As Breitbart Texas reported, the current governor or Chihuahua has stated that Duarte crossed into Texas to hide from prosecution. A series of investigations by the late journalist Miroslava Breach uncovered the ties between Duarte’s party the Institutional Revolutionary Party and Mexican drug cartels. Breach was killed after reporting that the PRI was trying to have the mother in law of a top Juarez Cartel boss run for mayor, Breitbart Texas reported.  6. Humberto Moreira, The former governor of the border state of Coahuila Humberto Moreira, has been singled out as having protected Los Zetas by former Mexican President Felipe Calderon, Breitbart Texas reported.  The former governor is trying to run for Mexico’s congress under the Partido Joven (Young Party) where he has labeled himself as El Valiente or the Brave one. Moreira and various state officials have been fingered in U. S. court testimony and documents as having protected the key leaders of the Los Zetas cartel in exchange for bribes.  Moreira was arrested in Spain in early 2016 on money laundering charges. During the various hearing tied to the case, Spanish prosecutors stated that Moreira had been a surrogate for the Los Zetas cartel the information for the statements was based on an ongoing investigation by U. S. federal agencies. Moreira had been the PRI party leader during Peña Nieto’s 2012 presidential bid. as Breitbart Texas reported, the Mexican government applied political pressure in order to get his release eventually, Spain released Moreira claiming he was clear of the charges in that country.  7. Jesus Reyna, The interim governor of Michoacan remains jailed on charges of engaging in organized criminal activity. The case against Reyna began in 2014 when a leaked video revealed a series of interactions between the politician and Servando “La Tuta” Gomez, the former leader of the Knights Templar  —   Familia Michoacana Cartel. Reyna served as interim governor of Michoacan for six months and had a long history of having served as state party chair for the PRI. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.",0
7590,Poultry Has a Pedigree at Le Coq Rico - The New York Times,"I’m almost always the one who gets the chicken. For review meals, I try to let my guests choose their own food. Then I pick something nobody else wants. Often, this is the chicken. I think this can be explained by a remark a friend made recently. “I never eat chicken in restaurants,” he said. “I can make chicken at home. ” So can I, but every time I go to a new restaurant, I hope the kitchen may know things about poultry that I don’t. Every once in a while, I’m right. At Le Coq Rico, a    restaurant on East 20th Street, I was right. In fact, I think I have finally found the perfect restaurant to take people who think they can make a better chicken at home. We’d ordered an old New England breed of chicken called Plymouth Rock for $95, along with a guinea fowl that cost a dollar more. Carved and fit back together, each bird was placed in the center of the table in its own iron roasting pan. Our eyes locked in on the bronzed skin and tapering curves of drumsticks with fixed and purposeful stares that, if we had not been humans looking at poultry, I would call lust. The meat had all the things I wanted and none of the things I didn’t. It was moist but not drippy or briny compact and muscular but not tough long on deep, rounded flavor that didn’t seem to rely on salt or sugar. Some of my guests preferred the chicken, calling the guinea fowl “sinewy. ” It was a bit stringy at the joints, but once disentangled, the flesh had a flavor I found highly persuasive. Even the white meat tasted like dark meat. The menu suggested that one bird would feed up to four people. We nearly demolished twice as many, along with a macaroni gratin and a bundle of stout, dark fries that we dunked into a small pitcher of jus. After we were too full to go on, we noticed an untouched chicken leg. One of my guests ate that, too, down to the bone. True, he did it on a bet. But I suspect he would have done it for nothing. The chef and owner is Antoine Westermann. His distillations of the cuisine of his native Alsace at Le Buerehiesel in Strasbourg were widely praised before he handed it over to his son and moved to Paris. One of the places Mr. Westermann opened there is the original Coq Rico, a theme restaurant of sorts. Poultry (eggs, organs, broth) turns up in almost everything the kitchen makes, most spectacularly in the whole chickens that are first braised in chicken stock and then threaded on to a rotisserie. He gave Le Coq Rico a subtitle that is both irresistible and accurate: “The Bistro of Beautiful Birds. ” By March, when he opened a Manhattan branch a few doors down from Gramercy Tavern, he had spent several months scouting for beautiful American birds. Mr. Westermann is particular about how long they spend pecking and strutting before they land on his rotisserie. The menu lists the age at slaughter  —   our server seemed to prefer “harvest”  —   for each breed on the menu, from 90 days for the Plymouth Rock to 130 days for the guinea fowl. “The industry standard is 40 days,” the server said, apparently used to fielding questions about these numbers. (Two more chicken breeds listed on the menu, New Hampshire and Cornish, weren’t available when I went they are still enjoying country living.) A whole Brune Landaise (110 days) a French breed with milder flavor than the Plymouth Rock, is simmered in a clay casserole with potatoes, tomatoes, onions, artichokes, stock and a bottle of riesling. This, Mr. Westermann’s version of an Alsatian baeckeoffe, was terrific, with bewitching undercurrents of spice in a sauce that had body but no visible fat. The price, though, $120, made me queasy. A roasted quarter of the same breed, for $24, is Le Coq Rico’s offering for the solo chicken eater. The   and thigh I tried were moist and flavorful but slightly inert, as if warmed over. If I came back alone, maybe to sit at the counter facing the kitchen in a narrow alley off the main dining room, I’d want the squab. Unwrapping the cabbage leaf around it, cutting into the handsomely roasted bird surrounded by foie gras stuffing, and dipping slices of excellent   baguette into the glossy dark sauce is a sure route to Francophilia. Shopping for chickens, Mr. Westermann found eggs. Some go into Matthieu Simon’s desserts, one of which is  : the floating island, a single   ball of meringue with a crackling sugar glaze on top, resting in a pond of crème anglaise. The rhubarb soufflé is another good, if more routine, showpiece for egg whites. I’d choose either over the   raspberry   whose puff pastry wasn’t crisp enough to shatter. A Coq Rico meal could start with eggs, too  —   or, as the menu calls this group of appetizers, “Eggz. ” It’s rare to find oeuf en meurette, in all its rich,     glory, made this well in Manhattan. Served with a heap of mâche and spicy pink hummus, sautéed chicken livers were glorious, combining the rich creaminess of a soft cheese with the metallic tang of organ meat. I expected great things from the chicken gizzards served with artichokes à la Barigoule, too, but their flavor seemed to have leaked out somewhere. From his days at Le Buerehiesel, Mr. Westermann has brought along the recipe for foie gras terrine baked inside a soft pastry crust. I’m not convinced this single slice of terrine is worth $32, but I don’t know anywhere in New York to get a better, cheaper version, either. The architect Pascal Desprez has slotted Le Coq Rico into a somewhat awkward   space. By the entrance is a bar where the cocktail menu promises, somewhat menacingly, “the dark side of Le Coq Rico. ” There always seemed to be mild confusion at the host podium, and each time I was led to my seat, I was afraid I’d be deposited at one of the tables crammed into the narrow passageway. This hall opens in the back into a stylishly monochromatic dining room. Unless you have been to the Paris original, also designed by Mr. Desprez, the only things about the atmosphere that will strike you as French may be the peculiar pop music and, on some nights, Mr. Westermann himself, with   glasses on a head full of thoughts about chicken.",0
7591,Want To Dispute Media Polling?,"American Thinker October 29, 2016 
To believe recent mainstream media polling releases, one would have to suspend reality enough to believe that John Podesta’s email leaks, the ongoing Project Veritas video series, a world on fire, and new revelations about Obamacare are driving the public to embrace Hillary Clinton as never before. Things are apparently so good for the former first lady that ABC has her with a 12-point lead, a margin not seen in a presidential election since 1984. CNN is less confident but still has her sporting a comfortable 5-point lead. Fox News has wavered between “too close to call” and the current 3-point edge that is contingent on her achieving President Obama’s D+7 support level from 2008, which borders on complete insanity. 
The purpose of this article is to prove that the media is either lying to massively impact motivation or turnout for Trump or has absolutely no idea what the actual score is. The media don’t care if I know what they are doing with their nonstop analysis of new “chaos” within the Trump campaign. They are playing this sad song for the record number of independent voters who appear to be requesting ballots or voting early in battlegrounds across America. 
The first clue is that in the same week, ABC and CNN have polls showing a massive lead and a comfortable lead, respectively. These two polls are seven points apart. Obama’s landslide win from 2008 was by a margin of 7.6%, and he still lost 22 states. Still, the enthusiasm and novelty of his campaign, combined with the natural pendulum swing that takes place after eight years of either party in the White House, left little doubt that he would win easily. Currently, ABC and CNN have the distance of Obama’s landslide margin between their polls. 
For those keeping score at home, here is how these polls play out on a map: 
5 points 
Obama won re-election in 2012 by 3.9%. The tightest red state was North Carolina, which Mitt Romney carried by 2.0%. In the event of a five-point Clinton win, I suspect that North Carolina would be the only possible state to flip, but it wouldn’t surprise me for the map to stay identical to 2012. In this scenario, as in 2012, Hillary is not competitive in Arizona, Georgia, or Texas, as the media indicates today. 
12 points 
This map should show you that the media aren’t even trying to be objective anymore. The blue nightmare above sees the GOP holding a likely minimum of six states, and no more than 11. At a twelve-point margin, there are no swing states. None. Not even second-tier swing states like Missouri, Arizona, or Georgia. For the first time since 1996, the Democrats would have made inroads into the Deep South and would threaten some of the reddest states. 
Why is this important? The media are deliberately misleading the electorate and can’t even keep their own lies between the networks laced with a scent of historical accuracy. Recent state polls from battlegrounds like Ohio, Florida , North Carolina, Nevada, and others, combined with what we already know about levels of minority support, absentee balloting, early voting turnout, and enthusiasm, indicate that Trump is ahead or neck and neck in the Electoral College. Regardless of the final outcome, competition in these states cannot possibly correlate with a 12-point loss. Companies that release polling like this deserve all the ridicule they will receive for compromising their integrity.",0
7592,Sen. Grassley: Gorsuch Confirmation Ends Schumer’s 16-Year Era of Filibustering Judges,"The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee told reporters he was proud to have shepherded the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch through to his Senate confirmation Friday, which ended the era of filibustering Supreme Court nominations that Sen. Charles Schumer ( ) began 16 years ago. [“There are a significant events that brought us to this point of adding a new member to the Supreme Court, but I think we just witnessed one of the most important votes that a member of the United States Senate can cast. Judge Gorsuch will be an independent voice on that Supreme Court. He proved that very much during the hearings,” said Sen. Charles Grassley ( ).  The Senate approved President Donald Trump’s Gorsuch nomination   with Vice President Mike Pence presiding not so much because he was concerned there would be a tie, but because he and the other senators seem to enjoy his presence in the chamber. The real fight was not the vote on the nomination, but whether to end debate and hold the vote at all. Until Thursday, Senate rules required a   threshold to end debate and proceed to a nomination of a Supreme Court justice. That rule was challenged by the Republican majority and dismissed by the Republican majority. Grassley said the dismissal of the   requirement returns the Senate to where it was before Democrats began the practice of blocking appointments with the filibuster, the practice of keeping debate open by holding on to a bloc of at least 41 votes. Senate Democrats used the filibuster and the threat of a filibuster to jam up the judicial appointments of President George W. Bush beginning in 2001, and Senate Republicans followed suit for the appointments by President Barack Obama. In July 2013, Majority Leader Harry Reid ( ) challenged the use of the filibuster for any and all presidential appointments, except for Supreme Court justices. “Those Democrats in 2001 poisoned the well that got us where we are,” Grassley said. “It is up to Sen. Schumer, who started this whole slippery slope in 2001, to drill a new well that is not going to be poisoned. There will be both Republicans and Democrats to help him,” he said. “Bottom line? It brings us back to where the Senate was from 1789 to 2001, when there wasn’t consideration of filibustering judges. ”",0
7593,The Orthodox Nationalist: Albania’s Alliance With Globalism,"Radio Aryan October 28, 2016 
Dr Matthew Raphael Johnson brings us a new Orthodox Nationalist devoted to Albaniaâs alliance with the globalist word order and itâs catastrophic consequences. 
Albania never made sense. Created by the Austrian Empire as a means of blocking Serbian access to the sea, Albania was and is nothing more than a plaything for the great powers. Her ânational awakeningâ was just a means to preserve Turkish suzerainty over the Balkans. The country in 1848 was a collection of Islamic tribal oligarchs who used their promise to fight for the maintenance of the Ottoman empire to catch the attention of the Austrians. Nothing has changed today. Albania, rather than the creation of Austria, is the creation of the US and rather than Islamic tribal oligarchs, it is now a collection of petty crime lords. It is a bizarre, artificial country created and maintained exclusively to frustrate the aims of Serbs, Montenegrins and Russians. This podcast deals with Albania’s pathetic existence since the fall of her Maoist Government in 1991. It serves as a perfect example to show that inventing make-believe countries while attacking natural ethnic aspirations will always lead to disaster. 
The picture above is of the current “President” Ibrahim Rugova of (the previously Serbian but now taken over by Albanians) Kosovo, who in 1998 won the Presidency of the new country in a one-party race and achieved 99.8% of the vote. The US organized the election and the BBC then called him the “Father of the Country” as he won the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought right after his victory. They even have statues of Bill Clinton there as one of the heroes of their nation. 
Albania is proof that the US has been involved in the global narco-trade for decades and the evidence is overpowering. The support for the KLA and Albanian kingpins is nothing new or even interesting historically and today it is just a hub for drugs and human trafficking. All the Afghan heroin in Europe passes through there and Albania’s service to the New World Order is just to preserve her handful of drug lords and other criminals in power. By attacking Russia, even rhetorically, a ruling class can have all its sins covered over as Russia and Nationalism are the two enemies of the liberal world order. There is nothing the global ruling class will not do â no deed too vile â to destroy them and as the possibility of nuclear war with Russia looms over the horizon, this really is an understatement of the truth. 
Presented by Matt Johnson",0
7594,Hillary Is 70 Days Away From Controlling All Food and Water,"Hillary Is 70 Days Away From Controlling All Food and Water 

If Clinton is elected, Obama will hand her the power of a dictator. 
Upon Inauguration Day, Clinton will have the power to to the following: 
As President, Hillary Clinton Would Have the Power to Enact Slave Labor 
According to EO 13603, the President, or the head of any federal agency that he shall designate, can conscript “persons of outstanding experience and ability without compensation,” in both “peacetime and times of national emergency.” I can hear the Obama supporters now as they will write to me and say, “Obama would never do that, you are drinking from the Kool-Aid”. Well, here it is, you can read it for yourself. 
Sec. 502. Consultants. The head of each agency otherwise delegated functions under this order is delegated the authority of the President under sections 710(b) and (c) of the Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 2160(b), (c), to employ persons of outstanding experience and ability without compensation and to employ experts, consultants, or organizations. The authority delegated by this section may not be redelegated. Hillary Will Have the Power to Nationalize All American Food and Food Production 
Through Executive Order 13603, Obama has granted himself the authority control all food and now has the unique ability to starve America into submission as it relates to his handing the country off to the bankers in the name of perpetuating the New World Order and ridding the planet of the weak and those who will not willingly go along with the intentional destruction of America. Here are some of the key provisions of EO 13603 and its impact on the control of the American food supply. 
With the stroke of his pen, Obama has total and absolute control over all food where his EO 13603 states: e) “Food resources” means all commodities and products, (simple, mixed, or compound), or complements to such commodities or products, that are capable of being ingested by either human beings or animals, irrespective of other uses to which such commodities or products may be put, at all stages of processing from the raw commodity to the products thereof in vendible form for human or animal consumption. “Food resources” also means potable water packaged in commercially marketable containers, all starches, sugars, vegetable and animal or marine fats and oils, seed, cotton, hemp, and flax fiber, but does not mean any such material after it loses its identity as an agricultural commodity or agricultural product. 
(f) “Food resource facilities” means plants, machinery, vehicles (including on farm), and other facilities required for the production, processing, distribution, and storage (including cold storage) of food resources, and for the domestic distribution of farm equipment and fertilizer…” 
This unconstitutional EO is particularly disturbing in that it clearly states that the government has control over anything that is “capable of being ingested by either human beings or animals…” If you thought that you and Fido were going to get through the coming food crisis by storing and consuming dog food, think again. 
It is important to assess how devastating this Executive Order could prove to be to the American people though a brief assessment of America’s food vulnerability. 
This is only the tip of the iceberg. Listen to Dave Hodges describe just how dangerous Clinton could be if elected.",0
7596,A Digital 9/11 If Trump Wins,"  Finian Cunningham has written extensively on international affairs, with articles published in several languages. Many of his recent articles appear on the renowned Canadian-based news website Globalresearch . He is a Master’s graduate in Agricultural Chemistry and worked as a scientific editor for the Royal Society of Chemistry, Cambridge, England, before pursuing a career in journalism. He specializes in Middle East and East Africa issues and has also given several American radio interviews as well as TV interviews on Press TV and Russia Today. His interests include capitalism, imperialism and war, socialism, justice and peace, agriculture and trade policy, ecological impact, science and technology, and human rights. He is also a musician and songwriter. Previously, he was based in Bahrain and witnessed the political upheavals in the Persian Gulf kingdom during 2011 as well as the subsequent Saudi-led brutal crackdown against pro-democracy protests. The author and media commentator was expelled from Bahrain in June 2011 for his critical journalism in which he highlighted many human rights violations by the Western-backed regime. For many years, he worked as an editor and writer in the mainstream media, including ,The Mirror, Irish Times and Independent. Originally from Belfast, Ireland, he is now based in East Africa where he is writing a book on Bahrain and the Arab Spring. A Digital 9/11 If Trump Wins By Finian Cunningham on November 6, 2016 It is a green light for a coup d’état by the Deep State forces who found that they could not win through the “normal” rigging methods. 
by Finian Cunningham 
SPUTNIK 
There are disturbing signs that a digital 9/11 terror attack is being readied for election day in the US to ensure that Donald Trump does not win. 
Such an attack – involving widespread internet and power outage – would have nothing to do with Russia or any other foreign state. It would be furnished by agencies of the US Deep State in a classic “false flag” covert manner. But the resulting chaos and “assault on American democracy” will be conveniently blamed on Russia. 
That presents a double benefit. Russia would be further demonized as a foreign aggressor “justifying” even harsher counter measures by America and its European allies against Moscow. 
Secondly, a digital attack on America’s presidential election day this week, would allow the Washington establishment to pronounce the result invalidate due to “Russian cyber subversion”. That option stands to be invoked if the ballot results showed Republican candidate Donald Trump as the imminent victor. 
Democrat rival Hillary Clinton is the clear choice for the White House among the Washington establishment. She has the backing of Wall Street finance capital, the corporate media, the military-industrial complex and the Deep State agencies of the Pentagon and CIA. The fix has been in for months to get her elected by the powers-that-be owing to her well-groomed obedience to American imperialist interests. 
The billionaire property magnate Trump is too much of a maverick to be entrusted with the White House, as far as the American ruling elite are concerned. The trouble is, however, that despite the massive campaign to discredit Trump his poll support remains stubbornly close to Clinton’s. 
The latter has been tainted with too many scandals involving allegations of sleazy dealings with Wall Street, so-called pay-for-play favors while she was former Secretary of State, and her penchant for inciting overseas wars for regime change using jihadist terrorist foot-soldiers. 
As one headline from McClatchy News only days ago put it: “Majority of voters think Clinton acted illegally, new poll finds”. 
Trump is right. The US presidential election is “rigged”. Despite handwringing condemnations by pundits, it seems obvious that the system is heavily stacked against any candidate who does not conform with the interests of the establishment. The massive media-orchestrated campaign against Trump is testimony to that. 
But such is popular disgust with Clinton, her sleaze-ball husband Bill and the Washington establishment that her victory is far from certain. Indeed in the last week before voting this Tuesday various polls are showing a neck-and-neck race with even some indicators putting the Republican narrowly ahead. 
Over the weekend, the Washington Post, which has been one of the main media outlets panning Trump on a daily basis, reported this: “The electoral map is definitely moving in Trump’s direction”. 
This is where a possible Deep State contingency plan is being readied to scupper a shock win by Trump. 
In recent days, American media are reporting a virtual state of emergency by the US government and its security agencies to thwart what they claim are Russian efforts to incite “election day cyber mayhem”. 
In one “exclusive” report by the NBC network on November 3, it was claimed that: “The US government believes hackers from Russia or elsewhere may try to undermine next week’s presidential election and is mounting an unprecedented effort to counter their cyber meddling.” 
On November 4, the Washington Post reported : “Intelligence officials warn of Russian mischief in election and beyond.” 
Apparently, the emergency security response is being coordinated by the White House, the Department of Homeland Security, the CIA, the National Security Agency and other elements of the Defense Department, according to NBC. 
These claims of Russian state hackers interfering in the US political system are not new. Last month, the Obama administration officially accused Moscow of this alleged malfeasance. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has lambasted American claims that his country is seeking to disrupt the presidential elections as “hysterical nonsense”, aimed at distracting the electorate from far more deep-rooted internal problems. 
The Obama administration and its state security agencies have not provided one iota of evidence to support their allegations against Russia. Nevertheless the repeated charges have a tendency to stick. Julian Assange, Wikileaks founder. 
The Clinton campaign has for months been accusing Trump of being a “pro-Russian stooge”. Her campaign has also claimed that Russian hackers have colluded with the whistleblower organization Wikileaks to release thousands of private emails damaging Clinton with the intention of swaying the election in favor of Trump. 
Wikileaks’ director Julian Assange and the Russian government have both rejected any suggestion that they are somehow collaborating, or that they are working to get Trump elected. 
But on the eve of the election, the US authorities are recklessly pushing hysteria that Russia is trying to subvert American democracy. Michael McFaul, the former US ambassador to Russia from 2012 to 2014 is quoted as saying: “The Russians are in an offensive mode and the US is working on strategies to respond to that, and at the highest levels.” 
NBC cites a senior Obama administration official as saying that the Russians “want to sow as much confusion as possible and undermine our process”. 
Ominously, the news outlet adds that “steps are being taken to prepare for worst-case scenarios, including a cyber-attack that shuts down part of the power grid or the internet.” 
Nearly two weeks ago, on October 21-22, the US was hit with a widespread internet outage.The actors behind the “distributed denial of service” were not identified, but the disruption was nationwide and it temporarily disabled many popular consumer services. One former official at the US Department of Homeland Security described the event as having “all the signs of what would be considered a drill”. Could that cyber-attack have been the work of US Deep State agencies as a dress rehearsal for an even bigger outage planned for November 8 – election day? 
The Washington establishment wants Clinton over Trump. She’s the marionette of choice for their strategic interests, including a more hostile foreign policy towards Russia in Syria, Ukraine and elsewhere. 
But Trump might just snatch an election day victory from the jaws of defeat. George Soros-NGO manipulator 
In which case, the shadowy forces that really rule America will trigger a “digital 9/11”. It’s not difficult to imagine the chaos and mayhem from internet blackout, power, transport, banking and communications paralysis – even for just a temporary period of a few hours. 
Months of fingering Russia as a destabilizing foreign enemy intent on interfering in US democracy to get “Comrade Trump” into the White House would then serve as a self-fulfilling prophecy. In that event, the US authorities could plausibly move to declare the election of Donald J Trump null and void. 
In fact the scenario could be contrived to a far more serious level than merely suspending the election result. The US authorities could easily feign that a state of emergency is necessary in order to “defend national security”. 
That contingency catapults beyond “rigged politics”. It is a green light for a coup d’état by the Deep State forces who found that they could not win through the “normal” rigging methods.",0
7597,11 Great Reads That Have Nothing to Do With Politics - The New York Times,"Welcome to Our Picks, a guide to the best stuff to read, watch and listen to from around the internet. Check this space for the     article, the next great podcast for your commute, the   tweetstorm. And yes, we’re also tooting our own horn here. We’ll share can’  Times stories from the week and surface some gems you might have overlooked. We want to hear from you! Send us feedback about our selections to ourpicks@nytimes. com. •Lacoste and Izod share a closely linked history and a common reptilian logo. And in the world of men’s fashion, there’s a longstanding battle about which brand rightfully owns the privilege of stitching a crocodile onto a polo shirt. [Highsnobiety] • The world keeps changing: Schools in Boston have introduced the more accurate   projection maps to social studies classrooms around the city. [WBUR] • A 1951 profile in Reader’s Digest called him “Detective X,” a pseudonym for the forensic pioneer who specialized in dental records and handwriting analysis. Now, decades after his work on big cases like the Lindbergh baby kidnapping, we finally know the true identity of this “secret crime fighter. ” [National Geographic] • There’s a lot that Hollywood gets wrong. Toward the top of the list is its depiction of chess. [Atlas Obscura] • Terrence Malick hasn’t granted an    interview in decades, and TMZ calls him Hollywood’s Bigfoot. With so much we don’t know about the secretive director, one Texas Monthly writer decided to shed light on the filmmaker by charting his past and present in Austin  —   the city where he has deep roots and the setting for his latest movie, “Song to Song. ” [Texas Monthly] • Brian Wansink is a celebrated social scientist at Cornell who is a prolific researcher and makes frequent television appearances. Recently, a single blog post called into question the celebrity professor’s methodology and reputation. If you’re interested in how the “  credibility crisis in social science” happens, read on. [Chronicle of Higher Education] • Now that it’s officially spring, you could celebrate with homemade   iced coffee (as Sam Sifton recommends) follow these 12 florists to add some beautiful blooms to your Instagram feed, or read about the death and rebirth of the Duncan grapefruit. And go ahead  —   ignore the price tags and just drink the cheap, delicious wine. • Did you notice the byline on Monday’s crossword? It was a collaboration between the astrophysicist Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson and Andrea Carla Michaels, part of the Crossword’s 75th anniversary celebration. • Rock ‘n’ roll pioneer Chuck Berry died on Saturday at age 90. He was the genre’s first true superstar (read an appraisal of his work) and also wrote its first great memoir. Here are 15 of his essential songs. Another legend, the New York City newspaper columnist Jimmy Breslin, also died this weekend. • John Donohue, a former New Yorker editor and cartoonist, is on an “intentionally hyperbolic” mission to sketch all the restaurants in New York. Here’s a map of what he’s drawn so far (including the Odeon, Cornelia Street Café, and the Good Fork). A selection of the prints are on display at Powerhouse on 8th, and you can contact Mr. Donohue if you have a place you’d like to see drawn. • The Sideways Dictionary is a site that explains complicated technological terms in    analogies. For instance, it explains how BitTorrent is like photocopying a book . .. and what WPA and the president’s motorcade have in common. [Sideways Dictionary via Imperica] Want Our Picks delivered to your inbox? Sign up for the What We’re Reading newsletter, a   email featuring great stories from around the web selected by members of The New York Times staff.",0
7598,"Review: ‘Powerless’ on NBC Has Cubicles, Not Capes - The New York Times","Look! Up on the screen! It’s a mystery! It’s a sitcom! Oh, and it’s a superhero show! As the   titans Marvel and DC, having already colonized movie theaters, take over ever larger chunks of television and streaming video, they’ve wisely started to mix things up. A new series set in one of their superhero universes just might be capeless, or bring in costumed crime fighters as window dressing. Marvel’s “Jessica Jones” on Netflix largely takes the form of a noirish mystery, while its “Legion” on FX (beginning next week) looks like a surrealist psychological thriller. “Powers” on the PlayStation Network is essentially “Law  Order: Superhumans. ” Perhaps the least superheroish superhero show, though, is NBC’s new “Powerless” (beginning Thursday). It’s a comedy, for one thing, part of a small tradition that includes “The Tick” and the campy,   1960s “Batman. ” (A promo for the show is narrated by that   Batman, Adam West.) And it’s set in a particularly nonheroic corner of the DC universe: the drab offices of Wayne Security, where a cousin of Batman oversees a motley crew designing products that keep civilians from becoming collateral damage in superhero battles. It’s a nifty, layered premise. For one thing, it’s a dig at the big, soulless tentpole movies in which teams of heroes lay waste to cities full of screaming little humans, particularly the “Avengers” films from DC’s rival, Marvel. Seen from another angle  —   as a traditional workplace sitcom  —   the       angle works just as well. What office doesn’t make people feel powerless? It’s hard to judge how that premise will be developed, though, because NBC made only one episode available for review. (The pilot was originally commissioned in 2015, and since then the show’s creator, Ben Queen, has left.) It’s quirky and pleasant but not terribly funny, and the comic situations are standard office sitcom: The new supervisor is hazed the disgruntled workers sort out into nice, mean and wacky stereotypes the boss spends all his time trying to get his cousin Bruce on the phone. Vanessa Hudgens (“Spring Breakers”) stars as the company’s relentlessly perky new head of RD, but if the show succeeds it will be because of an ensemble that includes distinctive performers like Alan Tudyk as the feckless Van Wayne and Danny Pudi, Ron Funches and Christina Kirk as the cranky workers waiting to be whipped into shape. In the pilot, costumed heroes appear only in the amusing credits sequence and in an opening on an elevated train that plays like an  ’    scene from a Hollywood musical. Add a few songs, and it could be from “Meet Me in St. Louis,” except for the supervillain tearing up the train tracks and the superhero  —   an actual DC character, Crimson Fox  —   who saves the day. It’s clever and invigorating, and about the only thing in the pilot that actually makes the connection between office workers and superheroes. “Powerless” is a cute idea for a show, but it will need a lot more scenes like that to turn into a worthwhile series.",0
7599,Lawyers Mobilize at Nation’s Airports After Trump’s Order - The New York Times,"Even before President Trump issued an order on Friday banning immediate entry into the United States by people from several predominantly Muslim countries, immigration lawyers, having heard rumors of coming action from the White House, were on alert. On Wednesday, lawyers from the International Refugee Assistance Project at the Urban Justice Center who were concerned that the action would affect the project’s clients sent out an email calling for lawyers who could volunteer immediately to go to airports where refugees were scheduled to enter the United States. “It occurred to us that there were going to be people who were traveling who would land and have their status affected while in midair,” said Betsy Fisher, the group’s policy director. And that is exactly what happened. Across the country, people were detained on Sunday after being caught up in the aftermath of Mr. Trump’s order, even though a petition filed on Saturday in federal court in Brooklyn led a judge to block part of the order. Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, the plaintiffs named in the petition, were originally clients of Ms. Fisher’s organization. The email received a tremendous response, Ms. Fisher said, with “well over a thousand people” expressing interest and availability. By Saturday morning, the lawyers who heeded the call were at about a dozen airports around the country. Others who heard about the effort through colleagues or the news media went to airports on their own to pitch in. By early Sunday morning, Ms. Fisher said, lawyers offering services and advice were at “most international airports in the United States. ” Andre Segura, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, arrived at Kennedy International Airport in New York at 1:30 p. m. on Saturday. He said that the outside section of Central Diner, a restaurant in Terminal 4, was “entirely taken over by attorneys,” all working to file petitions for individual clients with the help of the clients’ families. “There were attorneys from numerous major law firms, nonprofits, all working together,” Mr. Segura said. “I’ve never seen that immediate coming together of teams to start filing actions to try to protect people. ” He added, “The dynamic between what was happening inside the terminal with all the attorneys, and outside with massive protests and people holding signs  —   I’ve never experienced anything like that. ” Mr. Segura said he arrived home around 2 a. m. on Sunday. He woke up at 5:30 and began answering emails from lawyers who had stayed overnight at the airport. While lawyers gathered at airports on Saturday, others were working furiously on litigation. Cecillia Wang, the A. C. L. U.’s deputy legal director, described the scene at her office as “complete chaos. ” “I was sitting at my desk working on a template habeas petition that could be used by lawyers at airports all around the country,” she said. Omar Jadwat, the director of the A. C. L. U.’s Immigrant Rights Project, which worked on the petition that led to the judge’s stay, said the litigation had not been prepared ahead of time. “That was not something we had on the shelf ready to go, waiting for the right plaintiffs to come along,” he said. “It was a case of: There’s this emergency, and people have to work together to figure out a response as quickly as we can so that these people and other people around the country didn’t get deported. ” Even after word of the federal court’s order reached the airport in New York, confusion reigned. Alina Das, a professor of clinical law at New York University School of Law, said she had arrived at the airport at 7 p. m. on Saturday and stayed overnight, working to get a client released. Ms. Das, who said she could not comment on her client’s situation, described the scene on Sunday morning, saying that it was “incredibly difficult to get an answer on whether our clients were going to be sent back or whether they were being processed for release” and that people remained detained even after the court order blocked part of the president’s actions. Avi Gesser, a partner at the law firm Davis Polk  Wardwell, described the process in Terminal 4 on Saturday, saying that a group of people had been deployed to search for those whose family members were detained. “If they found people, they referred them over to us and we onboarded people as clients if we could, and then filed habeas petitions,” he said. Mr. Gesser, who is originally from Canada, did not leave the airport until 4:30 a. m. on Sunday, he said. “Our firm has a lot of people who were not born in the United States,” he said. “We felt that people who were being detained needed legal representation. And that’s something that we do very well. ” Rebecca Heller, who was coordinating lawyers’ efforts on the ground for the International Refugee Assistance Project on Saturday, said that by Sunday afternoon, her services were far less in demand. “They’re   now!” she said excitedly in a brief phone call. “That’s how a movement starts. ”",0
7600,Comment on America Is Now At Its Greatest Risk Of a False Flag Attack by Toby,"By Rahul Manchanda, Esq. on October 30, 2016 The Neo-Con/Communist natives are restless, they desperately want their World War 3... 
by Rahul Manchanda, Esq. 
Never in America’s history has she been in more danger of a “false flag” attack from her enemies, both foreign and domestic, than she is now. 
The contemporary term “false flag” describes covert operations that are designed to deceive in such a way that the operations appear as though they are being carried out by entities, groups, or nations other than those who actually planned and executed them. 
Historically, the term “false flag” had its origins in naval warfare where the use of a flag other than the belligerent’s true battle flag before (but not while) engaging the enemy has long been accepted as a permissible ruse de guerre ; by contrast, flying a false flag while engaging the enemy constitutes “perfidy.” 
Operations carried out during peace-time by civilian organizations, as well as covert government agencies, can (by extension) also be called false flag operations if they seek to hide the real organization behind an operation. 
America has been thoroughly infiltrated by a mighty and wealthy foreign power and menace, while her people are suffering financially, and she is now poised to be sacrificed on the altar of history for a one world government headquartered overseas. 
The Neo-Con/Communist natives are restless, they desperately want their World War 3, and they are wanting to move their wealth and power to their next world empire, which will be the final one in their sick deluded minds, unopposed and permanent.   
Now that Hillary Clinton has been “theoretically re-indicted” by the FBI for the email scandals (although they are being obstructed by our very own US Department of “Justice” under Attorney General Loretta Lynch) this has effectively ruined her chances of becoming President through legal channels, so they only have one more option – and that is a false flag attack leading us directly into World War 3 in a nuclear war, using all of their carefully placed traitors in the Pentagon, Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice, and cooperative local police departments all throughout the United States, with a declaration of a state of emergency in both the United States, and abroad. 
This is why it is vitally important that all Americans, both in the private and public sector, start watching their government and elected leaders like “hawks.” 
Americans need to use the Neo-Con’s mantra of “See Something, Say Something” against them. 
The Neo-Con/Stasi/Communist’s Zersetzung (organized gang-stalking under Bill Clinton’s Community Oriented Policing “COPS” program) needs to be turned by the People against them, and the American People need to watch each and every single one of them like they would watch a lunatic holding an AK-47 in a mall. “Regime Change” Brigade 
The Neo-Cons simply can not be trusted, as they work for the Plutocrats, who desperately want to hold on to their power, and will not willingly relinquish it to the People by way of Donald Trump and his Populist Revolt and Uprising. 
Some examples of real false flags throughout history having routinely disastrous results, wherein the “winners” re-wrote history, include the: 
(1) 1914 Battle of Trindad fought between the British auxiliary cruiser RMS Carmania and the German auxiliary cruiser SMS Cap Trafalgar which had been altered to look like Carmania; 
(2) World War II German commerce raider Kormoran which surprised and sank the Australian light cruiser HMAS Sydney in 1941 while disguised as a Dutch merchant ship, causing the greatest recorded loss of life on an Australian warship; 
(3) trial of Otto Skorzeny, who planned and commanded Operation Greif, by a U.S. military tribunal at the Dachau Trials included a finding that Skorzeny was not guilty of a crime by ordering his men into action in American uniforms; 
(4) 1788 incident wherein the head tailor at the Royal Swedish Opera received an order to sew a number of Russian military uniforms to stage an attack on Puumala, a Swedish outpost on the Russo-Swedish border allowing King Gustav III of Sweden, who lacked the constitutional authority to initiate unprovoked hostilities without the Estates’ consent, to launch the Russo-Swedish War (1788–1790); 
(5) September 1931 incident wherein Japanese officers fabricated a pretext for invading Manchuria by blowing up a section of railway; 
(6) Gleiwitz incident in 1939 involving Reinhard Heydrich fabricating evidence of a Polish attack against Germany to mobilize German public opinion for war with Poland; 
(7) November 26, 1939 incident wherein the Soviet army shelled Mainila, a Russian village near the Finnish border blaming Finland for the attack using the incident as a pretext to invade Finland, starting the Winter War, four days later; 
(8) 1962 Operation Northwoods plot by the U.S. Department of Defense for a war with Cuba involving scenarios such as fabricating the hijacking or shooting down of passenger and military planes, sinking a U.S. ship in the vicinity of Cuba, burning crops, sinking a boat filled with Cuban refugees, attacks by alleged Cuban infiltrators inside the United States, and harassment of U.S. aircraft and shipping and the destruction of aerial drones by aircraft disguised as Cuban MiGs to be blamed on Cuba and a pretext for an invasion of Cuba and the overthrow of Fidel Castro’s communist government; 
(9) Reichstag fire which was an arson attack on the Reichstag building in Berlin on February 27, 1933 using as “evidence” by the Nazis that the Communists were beginning a plot against the German government, whereby Adolf Hitler, who was sworn in as Chancellor of Germany four weeks before, on 30 January, urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency decree to counter the “ruthless confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany” – with civil liberties suspended, the government instituted mass arrests of Communists, including all of the Communist parliamentary delegates; 
(10) April 4 1953 incident wherein the CIA was ordered to undermine the government of Iran over a four-month period, as a precursor to overthrowing Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh by carrying out false flag attacks “on mosques and key public figures” to be blamed on Iranian communists loyal to the government, code-named “TP-Ajax,” the tactic of a “directed campaign of bombings by Iranians posing as members of the Communist party” involving the bombing of “at least” one well known Muslim’s house by CIA agents posing as Communists; 
(11) 2008 shooting of two minibuses carrying Georgians who lived in Abkhazia who wanted to cross the border so they could go and vote in the parliamentary election that day, in a volatile area on the border of Abkhazia and the Republic of Georgia, wherein President Saakashvili indicated that the attack had been an attempt to disrupt the election, implying that it had been Abkhaz or Russian forces who had been behind it, providing a favorable opportunity for the president to focus the nation’s attention on an external enemy, leading attention away from his domestic critics, as well as making use of his position as leader to rally the Georgians around his candidates in the election; 
(12) assassination of Charlemagne Péralte of Haiti in 1919, after checkpoints were passed by military disguised as guerrilla fighters; 
(13) Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s, wherein captured Mau Mau members who switched sides and specially trained British troops initiated the pseudo-gang concept to successfully counter Mau Mau; 
(14) Algerian civil war in the middle of 1994 wherein death squads composed of Département du Renseignement et de la Sécurité (DRS) security forces disguised themselves as Islamist terrorists and committed false flag terror attacks; 
(15) Mexican wars of 1819 and 1846-48; 
(16) Spanish-American War of 1898 involving the surprise explosion of the battleship Maine at Havana, Cuba wherein the Hearst Press accused the Spanish and the USA declared war on Spain conquering the Philippines, Guam and Cuba; 
(17) World War I in 1914-1918 wherein a U-boat torpedo hit ocean liner Lusitania near Britain and some 1200 people, including 128 Americans, on board lost their lives, and subsequent investigations revealed that the major explosions were inside the Lusitania, as it was secretly transporting 6 million pounds of artillery shells and rifle ammunition, as well as other explosives on behalf of Morgan Banking Corporation to help Britain and France; 
(18) World War 2 in 1939-1945 where a U-boat torpedo hit the ocean liner Athenia near Britain with some 1100 passengers, of which 311 were Americans; 
(19) US naval intelligence planning and suggesting “8 insults” to bring Japan into war with the US, and where President Roosevelt executed this plan immediately and also added some other insults, enraging Japan, such as a total blockade of Japanese oil imports, as agreed between the Americans, British and the Dutch – FDR also declared an all-out embargo against Japan and forbade them the use of the Panama Canal impeding Japan’s access to Venezuelan oil; 
(20) one of many incidents provoking Japan to attack Pearl Harbor some 6 months later; 
(21) Korean War in 1950-1953 wherein South Korean incursions (the Tiger regiment etc.) into North Korea (1949) led to contrary claims and into war – the cause of this war was covert action involving leaders of Taiwan, South Korea and the US Military Industrial Complex (John Foster Dulles has been mentioned as an organizer of the hostilities); 
(22) Vietnam War in “The Gulf of Tonkin Incident” wherein the American destroyer Maddox was supposedly attacked twice by three North Vietnamese torpedo boats in 1964 in the Gulf of Tonkin – but which never happened; 
(23) Grenada invasion whereby the Grenadian leader, Maurice Bishop, who favored the left and invited Cubans to build infrastructure to accommodate long range Soviet aircraft was deposed and executed in October 19, 1983 – six days later the US invaded, with the supposed reason that American medical students studying in Grenada were in danger due to a “Cuban presence”– and of course the new leader supported by the US favored more traditional values and the right; 
(24) Panama invasion wherein an incident between American and Panamanian troops led to invasion and the earlier Carter administration plan to hand control of the canal over to Panama was cancelled; 
(25) US-Israeli sponsored wars between Iraq and Iran from 1980-1988; 
(26) Desert Storm War (First Gulf War) in 1991 wherein Saddam Hussein asked for permission from the US (via their ambassador April Gillespie) to invade Kuwait, and got an answer that the US was not concerned with “Arab quarrels” – this was a trap, and after Saddam occupied Kuwait, George Bush Sr. mobilized a coalition of some 40 nations to “liberate Kuwait” and smash the recently-built Iraqi military power base – this incident also involved a media hoax wherein the daughter of a Kuwaiti US Ambassador played a nurse on TV and testified to “witnessing” Iraqi soldiers throwing babies out of incubators in Kuwait; 
(27) War on Terror launched by the Bush administration in October 2001 – claimed to be the response to terrorism, especially the 9-11 incidents; 
(28) Operation Enduring Freedom (Afghanistan invasion); 
(29) Enduring Justice (Second Gulf war); and 
(30) countless others. 
Paragraph 43 of the Field Manual published by the War Department, United States Army, on 1 October 1940, under the entry Rules of Land Warfare states: “National flags, insignias and uniforms as a ruse – in practice it has been authorized to make use of these as a ruse. The foregoing rule (Article 23 of the Annex of the IVth Hague Convention), does not prohibit such use, but does prohibit their improper use. It is certainly forbidden to make use of them during a combat. Before opening fire upon the enemy, they must be discarded.” 
The American Soldiers’ Handbook states: “The use of the enemy flag, insignia, and uniform is permitted under some circumstances. They are not to be used during actual fighting, and if used in order to approach the enemy without drawing fire, should be thrown away or removed as soon as fighting begins.” 
The 1977 Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of August 12, 1949 (Protocol I) states: 
Article 37. – Prohibition of perfidy – 1. It is prohibited to kill, injure, or capture an adversary by resort to perfidy. Acts inviting the confidence of an adversary to lead him to believe that he is entitled to, or is obliged to accord, protection under the rules of international law applicable in armed conflict, with intent to betray that confidence, shall constitute perfidy. The following acts are examples of perfidy: (a) The feigning of an intent to negotiate under a flag of truce or of a surrender; (b) The feigning of an incapacitation by wounds or sickness; (c) The feigning of civilian, non-combatant status; and (d) The feigning of protected status by the use of signs, emblems or uniforms of the United Nations or of neutral or other States not Parties to the conflict. 2. Ruses of war are not prohibited. Such ruses are acts which are intended to mislead an adversary or to induce him to act recklessly but which infringe no rule of international law applicable in armed conflict and which are not perfidious because they do not invite the confidence of an adversary with respect to protection under that law. The following are examples of such ruses: the use of camouflage, decoys, mock operations and disinformation. 
Article 38. – Recognized emblems – 1. It is prohibited to make improper use of the distinctive emblem of the Red Cross, Red Crescent or Red Lion and Sun or of other emblems, signs or signals provided for by the Conventions or by this Protocol. It is also prohibited to misuse deliberately in an armed conflict other internationally recognized protective emblems, signs or signals, including the flag of truce, and the protective emblem of cultural property. 2. It is prohibited to make use of the distinctive emblem of the United Nations, except as authorized by that Organization. 
Article 39. – Emblems of nationality – 1. It is prohibited to make use in an armed conflict of the flags or military emblems, insignia or uniforms of neutral or other States not Parties to the conflict. 2. It is prohibited to make use of the flags or military emblems, insignia or uniforms of adverse Parties while engaging in attacks or in order to shield, favour, protect or impede military operations. 3. Nothing in this Article or in Article 37, paragraph 1(d), shall affect the existing generally recognized rules of international law applicable to espionage or to the use of flags in the conduct of armed conflict at sea.” 
It is vitally important to note that while the United States may have these codes and regulations, her enemies, both foreign and domestic, are not bound by these Rules. 
The American People (and indeed the rest of the world) need to be exceptionally on guard and vigilant before the upcoming November 2016 election, and even many months afterwards, because the Neo-Cons/Communists may still try and get their World War 3, even if Donald Trump is elected. 
After all, September 11, 2001 took place a full 9 months after George W Bush was sworn in at his Inauguration in January 2001, and this was blamed on Osama Bin Laden who was a known CIA Asset and who allegedly declared War on America in 1998 – he might have been the Neo-Cons’ insurance plan, cooked up during the 8 year Clinton Administration from 1992-2000. 
And of course, 9-11 is what led to the wholesale bloodshed and regime changing wars for the past 15 years, leaving the Middle East in flames, with countless millions of innocent lives and refugees lost forever, the greatest genocide and bloodbath the world has ever known. 
And don’t think that these crazed Neo-Con psychopaths won’t do it again, especially when there are only a few more countries left to “take out” now – Russia, Iran, and North Korea – as opposed to 20. 
See:",0
7601,Aider les migrants et aller en prison? La vie en Europe est complexe…,"6 329 2 5 Les volontaires qui aident les réfugiés en Europe, sont-ils vraiment des complices de terroristes? Depuis le début de la crise migratoire, les Européens se posent de nouvelles questions en matière de sécurité. Ces craintes sont parfois poussées jusqu’à l’absurde. Une bénévole hongroise risque même une peine de prison. 
L'arrivée massive des migrants a divisé les Européens dont certains craignent, et non sans raison, la montée du terrorisme. Mais ces craintes sont parfois poussées jusqu'à l'absurde. Une volontaire de Budapest, Adele Nagy, 38 ans, risque d'être condamnée à 20 ans de prison pour avoir aidé les réfugiés. « J'ai collecté des vêtements, des produits alimentaires, des médicaments et des produits d'hygiène pour femmes. Mes amis m'ont trahie, ils croyaient que j'aidais les terroristes et m'ont dénoncé aux autorités. En Hongrie, je risque d'écoper de vingt ans de prison. Je suis donc partie pour les Emirats arabes unis », a indiqué Adele Nagy cité par la chaîne de télévision RT. © AP Photo/ Muhammed Muheisen Les réfugiés afghans «déçus» par la vie en Europe Selon Adele Nagy, le gouvernement hongrois considère les réfugiés comme des terroristes potentiels et les médias en persuadent les habitants locaux. Plusieurs Hongrois ont déjàété condamnés à des amendes et même à des peines de prison pour leur bontéà l'égard des migrants. « La plupart des Hongrois détestent les musulmans uniquement en raison des fausses informations qu'on diffuse. Mais je crois que nous devons aider les réfugiés parce qu'ils se trouvent dans une situation difficile, leur pays natal est en proie à une guerre », a ajouté Mme Nagy. 
Les Européens qui sympathisent avec les migrants reconnaissent qu'il peut y avoir des criminels parmi les réfugiés, mais ils sont plutôt confiants, d'après la mère d'une étudiante de Berlin, Jana Olernikova. « Ma fille (…) donne des cours d'allemand aux enfants des réfugiés syriens et afghans à Vienne et à Bratislava. Elle a beaucoup d'amis parmi les migrants (…). Je ne dirais pas que je crains de me promener dans les rues depuis le début de la crise. Il peut sans doute y avoir des criminels parmi les migrants, mais il y en a aussi parmi les Européens. Je suis contente que je puisse voir la vie arabe, j'aime la diversité culturelle en Europe », a indiqué Jana Olernikova. © AFP 2016 PHILIPPE HUGUEN Calais: «Les réfugiés ont le droit d’avoir une vie heureuse» Selon Miriam Dusterhoft, bénévole au camp de réfugiés de l'association humanitaire ASB en Allemagne, l'arrivée des migrants est une nouvelle occasion pour les Européens de faire preuve de souplesse. « Je porte une jupe longue ou un pantalon. Je couvre mes bras. Mais c'est une décision personnelle, j'ai beaucoup de tatouages et je ne veux pas gêner les gens qui n'y sont pas habitués. Je ne crois pas que mes droits soient lésés, je porte ce que je veux en ville », a précisé la volontaire. 
Selon l'agence Frontex, plus de 1,8 million de migrants sont arrivés en Europe en 2015. Ce flux de réfugiés a compliqué la vie des habitants locaux. Les problèmes causés par la présence d'un grand nombre de migrants font réagir les autorités. En France, le démantèlement du camp des réfugiés de Lande, aussi baptisé la Jungle, a commencé le 24 octobre. Les migrants seront relogés dans des centres d'accueil en France ou transférés vers d'autres pays européens. 
Suivez Sputnik sur Telegram pour ne jamais manquer les actualités les plus importantes grâce à nos sélections du matin et du soir. Pour recevoir les actualités de notre chaîne, il suffit de télécharger l'application Telegram sur n'importe quel smartphone, tablette ou ordinateur puis cliquer sur le lien et appuyer sur « Join » ...",0
7602,Immigration Patriots ’Thrilled’ About Trump Tossing Out DAPA,"After President Trump’s administration announced it would toss out an   amnesty program for up to five million illegal aliens,   immigration hawks are cheering as they have a   hope in the White House. [In a joint statement, Department of Homeland Security Secretary (DHS) John Kelly and Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) amnesty program would officially be tossed out.  Immigration patriots say that are “thrilled” by the major immigration decision. “NumbersUSA and its 8 million activists are thrilled that Secretary Kelly has rescinded the DAPA amnesty, partially fulfilling one of President Trump’s key campaign promises,” NumebersUSA’s Chris Chmielenski said in a statement. Chmielenski said that by the Trump administration ending the DAPA amnesty program, American workers have been spared having to compete with more immigrants in a scarce American job market. “Although this unconstitutional executive amnesty had been temporarily blocked by the courts, it threatened to issue 5 million new work permits to illegal aliens who would mostly compete with   American workers who still face   unemployment rates and declining wages,” Chmielenski continued. Breitbart Texas covered the trial in South Texas in Judge Andrew Hanen where the judge not only blocked the order but had harsh words for Obama Administration lawyers. President of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) Dan Stein praised Trump’s decision to end DAPA as a win for the rule of law. “Yesterday’s action by the administration also acknowledges that granting de facto amnesty to millions of people who knowingly violated U. S. immigration laws is also bad public policy that harms the interests of the American people and encourages more illegal immigration,” Stein said in a statement. “Many working class Americans voted for President Trump because of his promise to combat illegal immigration and secure U. S. jobs for American workers. They are the major beneficiaries of this action. ” Though the Trump administration kept their promise on throwing out the   amnesty program, it has been less active in ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which essentially gives amnesty to young illegal aliens. In his statement praising Trump, Chmielenski asked the White House to keep their campaign promise and end the DACA program. “We hope President Trump now will keep his entire promise by ordering an end to the Obama Administration’s other unconstitutional amnesty, the DACA program which continues to issues new work permits to those here illegally,” Chmielenski said. Stein issued a similar statement on DACA, saying the program was just as legally questionable and hurtful to Americans as DAPA. “Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) granted to more than 780, 000 illegal aliens who arrived in the U. S. as minors, was a similar example of an executive overreach that was based on the same flawed legal principle,” Stein said. “Clearly, DACA raises the same legal questions that ultimately resulted in the termination of DAPA. This calls into question the legitimacy of DACA as well. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. ",0
7603,Goldilocks tries hard and soft Brexit before finding one that is just right. More soon.,"Posted: Nov 16th, 2016 by Guest Click for more article by Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker",0
7604,The Power of ‘Why?’ and ‘What If?’ - The New York Times,"Recently I had a conversation with a chief executive who expressed concern about several of her senior managers. They were smart, experienced, competent. So what was the problem? “They’re not asking enough questions,” she said. This wouldn’t have been a bad thing in the business world of a few years ago, where the rules for success were: Know your job, do your work, and if a problem arises, solve it and don’t bother us with a lot of questions. But increasingly I’m finding that business leaders want the people working around them to be more curious, more cognizant of what they don’t know, and more inquisitive  —   about everything, including “Why am I doing my job the way I do it?” and “How might our company find new opportunities?” I may be   of this trend because I think of myself as a “questionologist,” having studied the art of questioning and written a book about it. But I also think there are real forces in business today that are causing people to value curiosity and inquiry more than in the past. Companies in many industries today must contend with rapid change and rising uncertainty. In such conditions, even a   company cannot rest on its expertise there is pressure to keep learning what’s new and anticipating what’s next. It’s hard to do any of that without asking questions. Steve Quatrano, a member of the Right Question Institute, a nonprofit research group, explains that the act of formulating questions enables us “to organize our thinking around what we don’t know. ” This makes questioning a good skill to hone in dynamic times. Asking questions can help spark the innovative ideas that many companies hunger for these days. In the research for my book, I studied business breakthroughs  —   including the invention of the Polaroid instant camera and the Nest thermostat and the genesis of   like Netflix, Square and Airbnb  —   and found that in each case, some curious soul looked at a current problem and asked insightful questions about why that problem existed and how it might be tackled. The Polaroid story is my favorite: The inspiration for the instant camera sprang from a question asked in the   by the    daughter of its inventor, Edwin H. Land. She was impatient to see a photo her father had just snapped, and when he tried to explain that the film had to be processed first, she wondered aloud, “Why do we have to wait for the picture?” One might assume that people can easily ask such questions, given that children do it so well. But research shows that   peaks at age 4 or 5 and then steadily drops off, as children pass through school (where answers are often more valued than questions) and mature into adults. By the time we’re in the workplace, many of us have gotten out of the habit of asking fundamental questions about what’s going on around us. And some people worry that asking questions at work reveals ignorance or may be seen as slowing things down. So how can companies encourage people to ask more questions? There are simple ways to train people to become more comfortable and proficient at it. For example, question formulation exercises can be used as a substitute for conventional brainstorming sessions. The idea is to put a problem or challenge in front of a group of people and instead of asking for ideas, instruct participants to generate as many relevant questions as they can. Kristi Schaffner, an executive at Microsoft, regularly conducts such exercises there and says they sharpen analytical skills. Getting employees to ask more questions is the easy part getting management to respond well to those questions can be harder. When leaders claim they want “everyone to ask more questions,” I sometimes (in my bolder moments) ask: “Do you really want that? And what will you do with those questions once people start asking them?” For questioning to thrive in a company, management must find ways to reward the behavior  —   if only by acknowledging the good questions that have been asked. For example, I visited one company that asked all employees to think of “what if” and “how might we” questions about the company’s goals and plans. Management and employees together decided which of these mission questions were best, then displayed them on banners on the walls. Leaders can also encourage companywide questioning by being more curious and inquisitive themselves. This is not necessarily easy for senior executives, who are used to being the ones with the answers. I’ve noticed during questioning exercises at some companies that top executives sit in the back of the room, laptops open, attending to other business they seem to think their employees are the only ones who need to learn. As they do this, these leaders are modeling precisely the kind of incurious behavior they’re trying to change in others. They could set a better example by asking “why” and “what if”  —   while asking others to do likewise. And as the questions proliferate, some good answers are likely to follow.",0
7605,7 Steps You Should Take To Make Sure Your Experie... | ClickHole,"Email A little planning goes a long way when it comes to mind expansion! 
1. Prior to the trip, forget what birds are: When you’re tripping, you’ll eventually learn about birds, and it’ll blow your fuckin’ mind. 
2. Surround yourself with lots of sharp knives and guns: You’ll want to be able to fight off any terrifying creatures that might suddenly appear before you. 
3. Set your alarm to go off every six seconds to remind you to breathe: Remember, safety first. It may seem “dorky,” but setting a breath alarm can save your life. 
4. Write the words “GOOD TIME” on your forehead: That way, if you’re feeling depressed at any point while tripping, you can just look in the mirror and be reminded of the type of time that you’re supposed to be having! 
5. Politely ask any terminally ill loved ones to hold off on dying until after your trip: They will understand that you want your experience to be mind-opening, not sad. 
6. For god’s sake, make sure you husk all of your corn before you dose: If you want a pleasant trip, you’ve gotta make sure you husk every last ear of corn you’ve got. Yes, even the ones you have in your storehouse! 
7. Keep a few Trivial Pursuit cards in your pocket: When you’re eventually stricken with a powerful and lasting sense that you know everything that everyone is going to say and, therefore, you know everything forever, a tough Science & Nature question can be your best route back to reality. ",0
7606,At Home With the Macabre - The New York Times,"On the way to show an apartment in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, the real estate agent turned to the prospective renters and said something unnecessary. “Before we get here, I should tell you that the guy who lived here before committed suicide. ” The renters, Julia Dahl and her boyfriend, Joel Bukiewicz, shared an uneasy glance but decided to view the rental anyway. Besides, in 2007, it was a steal: a   in a prewar   for $1, 250 on the southern lip of Prospect Park. Despite the broker’s disclosure, and the portentousness of their   date, the couple signed the lease and settled in that Halloween. A short while later, neighbors introduced themselves, made the couple feel welcome, and talked about the former tenant, who had killed himself in the apartment a few weeks before it came on the market. “They did a good job cleaning it up,” one neighbor told the couple. Ms. Dahl, 39, who writes crime fiction, and her   Mr. Bukiewicz, lived in the cozy apartment for four years. Their situation was unusual, not because someone had died in the space, but because their broker had alerted them to it. Ms. Dahl and her husband might never have discovered the apartment’s grisly history had someone not told them about it. Throughout the city and state, buildings are often more than a century old in   homes especially, someone likely has died there. But in recent years, brokers say, an apartment touched by death is less of a deterrent, as the real estate market has become more competitive and good deals ever more elusive. People are also less likely to be fazed by spooky things, thanks to an overall cultural shift toward death acceptance  —   as evidenced by the opening of museums dedicated to mortality, exhibits for morbid curiosities and even the advent of living funerals. And prospective buyers and renters often come to the negotiating table already knowing everything about an apartment or home, brokers say, having conducted their own internet searches and reviewed public records online. Brokers call these homes stigmatized properties, but in New York State, disclosure is required only for material defects: leaky pipes, termite damage, lead paint, bedbug infestations. They do not have to reveal if a property was the site of a death  —   suicide or homicide  —   or of a crime. Of course, death has not always been a cause for real estate stigma. In fact, dying did not move out of family homes and into hospitals until the early 20th century. But today, “We’re removed from death,” said Karen S. Sonn, a real estate lawyer and founder of Sonn  Associates in Manhattan. Some people, however, might be more averse to the idea of living with the dead because of religious or cultural beliefs, Ms. Sonn said. But she added that clients are coming to her more prepared because, in the age of information, an apartment’s history is easy to discover. “I have young, smart people who ask me everything,” she said. “They Google names. Everything’s available. When they come to me, they’re so   they know what they’re buying. ” Are utilities included? Is there a lien on the property? Are pets allowed? These are the questions commonly asked by renters and buyers and expected by brokers. But some questions  —   Has anyone died in this apartment? Were felonious crimes committed here?  —   often go unasked, so unanswered. Disclosing a property’s macabre past may seem like the ethical thing to do, and buyers or renters are likely to discover it on their own anyway, but some argue that when marketing a home, brokers should keep certain things secret. “I think most Realtors actually think they have to disclose,” said Neil B. Garfinkel, a brokerage counsel for the Real Estate Board of New York who fields questions for its legal help line. “They can’t, they’re not supposed to at all,” he said. “The point is to make sure that the property is not stigmatized. It’s to protect the property. ” Randall Bell, an economist and an author of “Real Estate Damages” who has consulted on the appraisals of notorious properties, like the homes of O. J. Simpson and JonBenet Ramsey, said that a stigma can erase up to 25 percent of the value. He added, though, that as time passes and memories fade, the value eventually returns. “My advice for brokers is to tell the truth,” said Mr. Bell. “I generally advise to get the properties occupied. Don’t let them sit empty. ” Media reports  —   especially on a story covered nationally  —   can draw unwanted attention to a property. And simple pedestrian traffic generated by curiosity seekers can cut into home value. If a residence becomes a public showcase  —   like the house on Long Island that inspired the “The Amityville Horror” book and movies chronicling murders that happened there in 1974  —   privacy concerns might drive away potential owners and cause the property value to plummet. “The gawking question impacts both   and   cases, but it is more pronounced in the   situations,” Mr. Bell said. His advice: “Just let it happen. Just let people get it out of their systems. ” In other cases, the buildings are destroyed: The house where Adam Lanza murdered his mother before killing 20 children and six adults at a school in Newtown, Conn. was acquired by the town and razed. The Hartford Courant quoted a resident as saying the home had become “a constant reminder of the evil that resided there. ” Taking an apartment regardless of its history is a notable shift from renters’ mentality before the recession and the burst housing bubble in 2008, according to brokers. New York’s latest scramble for affordable housing has softened expectations, even as rents have increased. “When the market is very tight, these sort of things get overlooked,” said Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the real estate appraisal firm Miller Samuel. Most renters or buyers won’t think twice if they stumble onto a     deal besides, death and whatever stigma surrounds an apartment wane with time. “In a couple of years, it goes away, in terms of the stigma,” Mr. Miller said. “Especially if it’s an apartment that hasn’t been touched in 30, 40 years they’re going to gut it no matter what. ” Emma Grady, a writer living in Brooklyn, moved to New York in November 2008 after college. After living in a “  room” in Chelsea, she decided to move into what seemed like a typical Bank Street apartment in Greenwich Village. “I didn’t know much about the neighborhood or its reputation,” Ms. Grady said. “I was completely new to New York. ” The rental she moved into was 63 Bank Street, Apartment 2C, where the   musician John Ritchie, also known as Sid Vicious, had overdosed. Ms. Grady later learned of the apartment’s history when a neighbor shared the building’s lore with her. She didn’t think much of it at the time. For one, she did not know who Sid Vicious was. Second, she knew that it had happened more than 20 years before, and other people had lived in that space without issue. “The apartment was renovated, so it didn’t feel like it was the same apartment it had been years before,” Ms. Grady said. During the six months she lived there in her early 20s, Ms. Grady, now 30, changed the room where she slept a couple of times. Each time, she recalled the death and wondered whether she was then sleeping in the place where the performer had died. “But I never felt like the apartment was haunted,” she said. “There are plenty of people living in New York apartments that someone passed away in, they just don’t know it. ” She added, “I also think you have to accept a bit of the unusual on a daily basis to live in New York, so perhaps that’s why it didn’t surprise me. ” Things that go bump in the night and the prospect of hauntings are probably a fundamental part of living in the city, said Nikolai Fedak, the founder of New York YIMBY, a real estate website. “If I was an uninformed person, I’d think it was the spirits talking to me  —   but it’s just the building,” he said. “ ‘Ghosts’ are probably just noise pollution. And history is based on people’s collective misconception. “Just because there’s history,” Mr. Fedak said, “doesn’t mean it’s haunted. ” Though Ms. Dahl and her husband have since moved to the Gowanus neighborhood of Brooklyn and started a family, she credits her success as a writer to that Windsor Terrace apartment tainted by suicide. Had it not been for that, she never would have delved into Hasidism, which the former tenant had practiced, and which continues to figure prominently in her novels. Ms. Dahl felt her apartment in Windsor Terrace would have been a surefire place to meet a ghost, if ghosts were real. She did relish the hunt for spirits whenever the opportunity presented itself: when the cat was acting weird, or she was alone in a darkened apartment and found herself standing in front of her bathroom mirror. But nothing happened, and life moved on. “I never saw anything abnormal at all,” she said. “If he was a ghost, he was a friendly ghost. ”",0
7607,WATCH: Trump Caught On Tape Saying He And Daughter Ivanka Have ‘Sex’ In Common (TWEETS),"— Harry (@followingsea2) October 18, 2016 
Trump has made it clear that not even committing sexual assault would make him withdraw from the election. 
This latest video is one of many being unearthed, including one in which he said he’d be dating a ten-year-old girl in another ten years. But this isn’t the first time he’s made sexual comments about Ivanka: “If I weren’t happily married and, ya know, her father…” 
The latest tape shows the father and daughter duo appearing on an episode of the Wendy Williams Show back in 2013. During a segment called Fave 5, Wendy asked what their favorite thing to bond over was. 
Ivanka gave an eloquent response: “Either real estate and golf.” 
Her father’s, who is currently holding rallies in swing states while continuing to claim the election is rigged, had less to do with career and sports and more to do with his objectification of women: “Well I was gonna say sex, but…” 
There’s also a video from 1994 in which Trump sexualized his other daughter, Tiffany Trump , when she was a one-year-old. Tiffany is the only child between him and his second wife, Marla Maples . “Well, I think that she’s got a lot of Marla, she’s a really beautiful baby, and she’s got Marla’s legs. We don’t know yet if she’s got this part yet.” 
As he said that, Trump then held his hands to his chest and suggested breasts. That wasn’t the only cringe-worthy moment pertaining to him and Tiffany, though. Donald Trump and Tiffany duck each other's kisses after presidential debate he refused to kiss Tiffany interesting https://t.co/CFrIs8xdL7 
— Rodney Giles (@jubileenetwork) October 13, 2016 
Watch the video of this disturbing exchange below : 
Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video . Connect with me",0
7608,Gowdy: Congress May Subpoena Susan Rice to Testify About Unmasking If Necessary - Breitbart,"Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” while discussing President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice’s decision to decline an invitation to testify before a Senate subcommittee on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said that could lead Congress to subpoena her.  Gowdy said, “There are other ways to invite people other than via a letter. There are things called subpoenas. You shouldn’t have to use it with a former national security adviser, but if you do, you do. ”Referencing Rice’s role in the unmasking of  Trump transition officials he said Rice is “a very important witness. ” He added, “Members of Congress don’t pick the witnesses. Lawyers don’t pick witnesses. The facts pick the witnesses. And whether Ambassador Rice likes it or not, she’s a really important fact witness. ” (  WFB) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7609,Public vs. Media on War,"  28, 2016 | Politics   An estimated 100,000 people march toward the Capitol in Washington, DC, to protest the US's war of aggression on Iraq, September 15, 2007 ( Ragesoss / CC BY-SA 3.0 ) Despite the media's best efforts to delude the masses, most Americans still think US foreign policy and its endless wars make the country less safe. 
A new poll from an unlikely source suggests that the U.S. public and the U.S. media have very little in common when it comes to matters of war and peace. 
This poll was commissioned by that notorious leftwing hotbed of peaceniks, the Charles Koch Institute, along with the Center for the National Interest (previously the Nixon Center, and before that the humorously named Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom). The poll was conducted by Survey Sampling International. 
They polled 1,000 registered voters from across the U.S. and across the political spectrum but slanted slightly toward older age groups. They asked: 
“Over the last 15 years, do you think U.S. foreign policy has made Americans more or less safe?” 
What, dear reader, do you say? 
If you say less safe, you not only agree with dozens of top U.S. officials the week after they retire, but you agree with 52.5% of the people polled. Those who said “more safe” add up to 14%, while 25.2% said “about the same” and 8.3% just didn’t know. 
Well, at least all these humanitarian wars to spread democracy and eliminate weapons and destroy terror have benefited the rest of the world, right? 
Not according to the statistics that show terrorism on the rise during the war on terrorism, and not according to 50.5% of poll respondents who said U.S. foreign policy has made the world less safe. Meanwhile 12.6% said “more safe” while 24.1% said it was about the same and 12.8% didn’t know. 
Asked about four wars in particular, registered U.S. voters said each of them had made the U.S. less secure, by a margin of 49.6% to 20.9% on Iraq, 42.2% to 18.9% on Libya, 42.2% to 24.3% on Afghanistan, and 40.8% to 32.1% on bombing ISIS in Syria. 
These answers should not immediately be taken to prove that the U.S. public is universally wise and well informed, and (not coincidentally) at odds with U.S. media. Not only is that margin pretty slim on ISIS, but 43.3% of those polled said ISIS was the greatest threat the United States faces. Meanwhile 14.1% named Russia, 8.5% North Korea, 8.1% the national debt, 7.9% domestic terrorists, and bringing up the rear with the correct answer of global warming as the greatest threat were a grand total of 4.6% of those polled. 
A survey of U.S. news reports would certainly suggest a point of agreement here between the public and the media. But here is where it gets interesting. Although the public believes the hype about danger emanating from these foreign forces, it does not favor the solution it is endlessly offered by the media and the U.S. government. When asked if, compared to last 15 years, the next president should use the U.S. military abroad less, 51.1% agreed, while 24.2% said it should be used more. And 80.0% said that any president should be required to get congressional authorization before committing the U.S. to military action, while 10.2% rejected that radical idea that’s been in the U.S. Constitution since day 1. 
The U.S. public may look quite depressingly ignorant in a quick survey of Youtube videos, but check this out: Asked if the U.S. government should deploy U.S. troops on the ground in Syria 51.1% said no, compared to 23.5% who said yes. Only 10% said yes on Yemen, while 22.8% said no—however, 40.7% said the U.S. government should keep “supporting” Saudi Arabia in that war. 
Good majorities also oppose Japan acquiring nuclear weapons, Germany acquiring nuclear weapons, or the U.S. defending Taiwan against a Chinese attack. (Who invents these scenarios?) 
This moderately encouraging survey of public sentiment stands in stark contrast to U.S. media coverage of wars in general and Syria in particular . The New York Times’ Nicholas Kristof is ready for a bigger war as are columnists in the Washington Post and USA Today , as well as, of course Chuck Todd and other televised talking head. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton’s comment to Goldman Sachs that a “no fly zone” would require “killing a lot of Syrians” has received dramatically less press than her brave calls for creating a humanitarian no fly zone, and the steady depiction of that proposal as “doing something”—in contrast to the only other option: “doing nothing.” 
The public, however, rejects the only “something” that’s on offer and just might leap at the opportunity to try something else, if anyone ever proposed anything else . 
 ",0
7610,"Inside Uber’s Aggressive, Unrestrained Workplace Culture - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   When new employees join Uber, they are asked to subscribe to 14 core company values, including making bold bets, being “obsessed” with the customer, and “always be hustlin’. ” The   service particularly emphasizes “meritocracy,” the idea that the best and brightest will rise to the top based on their efforts, even if it means stepping on toes to get there. Those values have helped propel Uber to one of Silicon Valley’s biggest success stories. The company is valued at close to $70 billion  by private investors and now operates in more than 70 countries. Yet the focus on pushing for the best result has also fueled what current and former Uber employees describe as a Hobbesian environment at the company, in which workers are sometimes pitted against one another and where a blind eye is turned to infractions from top performers. Interviews with more than 30 current and former Uber employees, as well as reviews of internal emails, chat logs and   meetings, paint a picture of an often unrestrained workplace culture. Among the most egregious accusations from employees, who either witnessed or were subject to incidents and who asked to remain anonymous because of confidentiality agreements and fear of retaliation: One Uber manager groped female  ’ breasts at a company retreat in Las Vegas. A director shouted a homophobic slur at a subordinate during a heated confrontation in a meeting. Another manager threatened to beat an underperforming employee’s head in with a baseball bat. Until this week, this culture was only whispered about in Silicon Valley. Then on Sunday, Susan Fowler, an engineer who left Uber in December, published a blog post about her time at the company. She detailed a history of discrimination and sexual harassment by her managers, which she said was shrugged off by Uber’s human resources department. Ms. Fowler said the culture was stoked  —   and even fostered  —   by those at the top of the company. “It seemed like every manager was fighting their peers and attempting to undermine their direct supervisor so that they could have their direct supervisor’s job,” Ms. Fowler wrote. “No attempts were made by these managers to hide what they were doing: They boasted about it in meetings, told their direct reports about it, and the like. ” Her revelations have spurred   over how unfriendly Silicon Valley workplaces can be to women and provoked an internal crisis at Uber. The company’s chief executive, Travis Kalanick, has opened an internal investigation into the accusations and has brought in the board member Arianna Huffington and the former attorney general Eric H. Holder Jr. to look into harassment issues and the human resources department. To contain the fallout, Mr. Kalanick also began more disclosure. On Monday, he said that 15. 1 percent of Uber’s engineering, product management and scientist roles were filled by women, and that those numbers had not changed substantively over the past year. Mr. Kalanick also held a     meeting on Tuesday, during which he and other executives were besieged with dozens of questions and pleas from employees who were aghast at  —   or strongly identified with  —   Ms. Fowler’s story and demanded change. In what was described by five attendees as an emotional moment, and according to a video of the meeting reviewed by The New York Times, Mr. Kalanick apologized to employees for leading the company and the culture to this point. “What I can promise you is that I will get better every day,” he said. “I can tell you that I am authentically and fully dedicated to getting to the bottom of this. ” Some Uber employees said Mr. Kalanick’s speedy efforts were positive. “I am pleased with how quickly Travis has responded to this,” Aimee Lucido, an Uber software engineer, wrote  in a blog post. “We are better situated to handle this sort of problem than we have ever been in the past. ” As chief executive, Mr. Kalanick has long set the tone for Uber. Under him, Uber has taken a pugnacious approach to business, flouting local laws and criticizing competitors in a race to expand as quickly as possible. Mr. Kalanick, 40, has made pointed displays of ego: In a GQ article in 2014, he referred to Uber as “ ” because of how the company helped him attract women. That tone has been echoed in Uber’s workplace. At least two former Uber workers said they had notified Thuan Pham, the company’s chief technical officer, of workplace harassment at the hands of managers and colleagues in 2016. One also emailed Mr. Kalanick. Uber also faces at least three lawsuits in at least two countries from former employees alleging sexual harassment or verbal abuse at the hands of managers, according to legal documents reviewed by The Times. Other current and former employees said they were considering legal action against the company. Liane Hornsey, Uber’s chief human resources officer, said in a statement, “We are totally committed to healing wounds of the past and building a better workplace culture for everyone. ” Uber’s aggressive culture began with its 2009 founding, when Mr. Kalanick and another founder, Garrett Camp, created a   that would let customers hail a cab with little more than a few taps of their smartphone  —   bypassing many of the headaches people had with the taxi industry. Mr. Kalanick also started putting into place what eventually became Uber’s 14 core values, inspired by the leadership principles at one of the biggest public tech companies, Amazon. To grow quickly, Uber kept its structure decentralized, emphasizing autonomy among regional offices. General managers are encouraged to “be themselves,” another of Uber’s core values, and are empowered to make decisions without intense supervision from the company’s San Francisco headquarters. The top priority: Achieve growth and revenue targets. While Uber is now the dominant   company in the United States, and is rapidly growing in South America, India and other countries, its explosive growth has come at a cost internally. As Uber hired more employees, its internal politics became more convoluted. Getting ahead, employees said, often involved undermining departmental leaders or colleagues. Workers like Ms. Fowler who went to human resources with their problems said they were often left stranded. She and a   others said human resources often made excuses for top performers because of their ability to improve the health of the business. Occasionally, problematic managers who were the subject of numerous complaints were shuffled around different regions firings were less common. One group appeared immune to internal scrutiny, the current and former employees said. Members of the group, called the   and composed of executives who were personally close to Mr. Kalanick, were shielded from much accountability over their actions. One member of the   was Emil Michael, senior vice president for business, who was caught up in a public scandal over comments he made in 2014 about digging into the private lives of journalists who opposed the company. Mr. Kalanick defended Mr. Michael, saying he believed Mr. Michael could learn from his mistakes. Uber’s aggressive workplace culture spilled out at a global   meeting in late 2015 in Las Vegas, where the company hired Beyoncé to perform at the rooftop bar of the Palms Hotel. Between bouts of drinking and gambling, Uber employees used cocaine in the bathrooms at private parties, said three attendees, and a manager groped several female employees. (The manager was terminated within 12 hours.) One employee hijacked a private shuttle bus, filled it with friends and took it for a joy ride, the attendees said. At the Las Vegas outing, Mr. Kalanick also held a companywide lecture reviewing Uber’s 14 core values, the attendees said. During the lecture, Mr. Kalanick pulled onstage employees who he believed exemplified each of the values. One of those was Mr. Michael. Since Ms. Fowler’s blog post, several Uber employees have said they are considering leaving the company. Some are waiting until their equity compensation from Uber, which is restricted stock units, is vested. Others said they had started sending résumés to competitors. Still other employees said they were hopeful that Uber could change. Mr. Kalanick has promised to deliver a diversity report to better detail the number of women and minorities who work at Uber, and the company is holding listening sessions with employees. At the Tuesday   meeting, Ms. Huffington, the Uber board member, also vowed that the company would make another change. According to attendees and video of the meeting, Ms. Huffington said there would no longer be hiring of “brilliant jerks. ”",0
7611,‘Next Pope’ Says Trump Could Be Like ‘Best President’ Reagan,"The Archbishop of Vienna who has been tipped to be the next Pope, has implied the election of Donald Trump is a good thing as Ronald Reagan turned out to be “certainly one of the best presidents the U. S. ever had”. [Looking back on a transformational year in politics, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn also cautioned about the effects of mass Muslim migration, urging Europeans to retain the continent’s Christian heritage.  On the U. S. elections, he told Krone Zeitung in an extensive interview last week: “I do not know if Ms. Clinton really would have been the better solution and I do not know whether Mr. Trump is the great misfortune. “Many also shook their heads when Ronald Reagan was elected: ‘For God’s sake, an actor from California!’ But Reagan was certainly one of the best presidents the U. S. ever had. So you should not be too quick to judge. ” On the European migrant crisis, he said, “We [Europeans] have responded with a great deal of generosity to the refugee crisis  …     The figures last year were simply dramatically high  …     The key issue we are facing in Austria is the integration of refugees. ” In September last year, the cardinal caused a stir when he claimed the ultimate aim of many Muslim migrants is to conquer Europe with their religious ideology. Before Christmas, Cardinal Schönborn said on Austrian television that he was rethinking his approach to mass migration and wanted to see many return to their homelands. When questioned last week, he appeared to stand by this claim, insisting that, as a Christian, he would like to see much of the Muslim world restored to Christianity and urged Christians in the West to preserve their culture. “Of course, as a Christian, I would like the Middle East to become Christian again, as it once was, or North Africa. North Africa was completely Christianised. Of course, I wish this because I believe that Christianity is not only my personal religion, but a religion that is a good  …    ” Whilst insisting he did not blame individual Muslims for wanting to change Europe, he spoke of the huge rise in the number of mosques in the West and the destruction of churches in Muslim countries, claiming “religions are in competition with each other”. “But we already have 200 Islamic places of prayer in Vienna. We have mosques in cathedrals in Spain, and we have, for example, in Damascus, the cathedral of John the Baptist is now a mosque  …    ” he said, adding: “I am pleased that Muslims can freely exercise their religion with us, but I also wish that Christians in Saudi Arabia could practice their religion freely  —    or in other   countries. ” “Being afraid of the Islamization of Europe is nonsensical if one does not contribute something to the fact that Europe remains Christian” he continued, insisting that the real problem in Europe was a loss of faith in Christianity, rather than Islam. “But, of course, if a church is sold in the Netherlands and transformed into a supermarket, when the supermarkets are more important to us than the Christian roots of Europe, we must not be surprised that Europe [changes]. ” “But it is not the fault of the Muslims,” he reiterated. “When we see that the mosques are well visited and the churches are badly visited, we can not blame Muslims for wanting to Islamise Europe. “But we must reproach ourselves for not doing enough to maintain a Christian Europe. ”",0
7612,Funny or Die PSA: Trump Working from ’Alternative Constitution’,"Celebrities including Susan Sarandon, Dulé Hill and Lizzy Caplan know why President Donald Trump issued an executive order last week temporarily prohibiting some immigration to the United States  —   it’s because he’s working from an alternative, “cursed” Constitution. [In the latest political PSA from   comedy website Funny or Die released this week, a number of celebrities  —   including Shailene Woodley, Cara Delevingne, Jamie Chung and others  —   lay out the case for why they believe Trump is relying on an old “alternate” Constitution found in a musty old cave.   “We only know of two copies [of the alternative Constitution] one of which archaeologists found cradled in the mouth of a large golden   deity hidden in a deep underground cave,” explains West Wing star Hill. “Trump was accidentally given the other copy when he was a teen. ” “He’s working from the wrong Constitution and he doesn’t even know it,” says Delevingne. In the supposed “alternative” Constitution from which Trump is working appears the clause: “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, but if a handsome, brave, scared president makes an executive order that favors one religion over another, he shall only experience pure ecstasy. ” The PSA marks the latest   entry from Funny or Die after the Will Ferrell and Adam   comedy website became nearly the premiere destination for such videos during the election.   offerings from the website included Tom Green’s parody music video “Do the Donald” and Katy Perry’s “Vote Naked” political PSA. Last year, the site released a   “lost” made for TV movie based on Trump’s bestselling book The Art of the Deal, with Johnny Depp starring as Trump. Watch the full “Alternative Constitution” sketch above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
7613,Aid Agencies in Iraq Brace for Exodus as Civilians Flee US Mosul Offensive,"Videos Aid Agencies in Iraq Brace for Exodus as Civilians Flee US Mosul Offensive The UN has reported six camps are ready to accept about 50,000 people, and 11 more camps are in the process of being readied. At the same time, the UN has warned that they don’t have the funding to support all of these refugees over the long run, and the Mosul battle looks to very much be the long run. | November 3, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Civilians flee villages outside Mosul the day after Iraqi Kurdish forces launch an operation east of the Islamic State-held city in Iraq on Monday, Aug. 15, 2016. The Kurdish forces known as the Peshmerga say they have retaken 12 villages in the operation in an effort to encircle the city. (AP Photo/Susannah George) 
Aid agencies which have been trying to prepare for the huge influx of displaced persons from the city of Mosul are reporting the first arrivals of civilians who fled the surrounding towns , most arriving on foot, and many with nothing more than the clothing on their backs. 
The agencies are playing up the months of preparation they engaged in, but exactly how they will cope with what could easily be a million new refugees with very little assistance from either the Iraqi government or from the US-led coalition, is still up in the air. 
The UN has reported six camps are ready to accept about 50,000 people, and 11 more camps are in the process of being readied. At the same time, the UN has warned that they don’t have the funding to support all of these refugees over the long run, and the Mosul battle looks to very much be the long run. 
Iraq has warned civilians in Mosul against fleeing from the city, a warning that came after the US announced they intend to conduct air strikes against fleeing ISIS fighters. It’s unclear how many civilians will be able to “stay put” as they were ordered, but the expectations of an intense urban battle are likely to drive many to flee while they still can. 
This article originally appeared on Antiwar.com . Be Sociable, Share!",0
7614,French citizens killed in Malta plane crash were intelligence officers,"French citizens killed in Malta plane crash were intelligence officers   Intel News 
Despite initial denials, it appears that at least three of the five French citizens who were killed in an airplane crash in Malta earlier this week were employees of the country’s external intelligence agency. The crash happened in the early hours of Monday near the village of Luqa in southern Malta. Early reports identified that the plane as a light aircraft and was carrying five French citizens when it crashed, shortly after taking off from the nearby Malta International Airport. Initial statements from Maltese and French government officials said the plane was on a local flight route and had not been scheduled to land outside of the Mediterranean island. The five passengers were identified in press statements as “customs officers” who were conducting a joint project with their Maltese counterparts. 
Subsequent reports in the French media , however, said that at least three of the five French passengers who perished in the crash were officers of the General Directorate for External Security, France’s external intelligence agency, which goes by the initials DGSE. It is also believed that the airplane was registered in the United States and was operated by a Luxembourg-based company. Reports from Libya state that the plane’s mission is “shrouded in mystery”. Some articles suggest that it was heading to the city of Misrata in northern Libya, or that it may have been conducting a reconnaissance operation over the Mediterranean, aimed at gathering intelligence on smuggling activities originating from Libya. 
The French intelligence services are known to be active on the ground in Libya, where several Sunni Islamist groups, including the Islamic State, control territory. In July of this year, Paris acknowledged for the first time that it had Special Forces and intelligence operatives in Libya, after three DGSE officers were killed in a helicopter crash in the North African country. The latest air crash was not preceded by an explosion, according to French media. The French government has launched an investigation into the incident.",0
7615,US calls for end to Saudi airstrikes in Yemen,"November 1, 2016 US calls for end to Saudi airstrikes in Yemen 
The US has called for an end to airstrikes by a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen at a UN security council meeting, but critics pointed out that Washington continues to supply arms and provide other military support to Saudi Arabia. 
The US ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, condemned missile attacks by Yemeni Houthi rebels on Saudi Arabia and said the kingdom had a right to defend itself. 
But she added: “It is also incumbent on the Saudi-led coalition and the forces of the Yemeni government to refrain from taking steps that escalate this violence and to commit to the cessation of hostilities. 
“After 19 months of fighting, it should be clear that there is absolutely no military solution to this conflict. Airstrikes that hit schools, hospitals and other civilian objects have to stop. In many cases these strikes have damaged key infrastructure that is essential to delivering humanitarian aid in Yemen.”",0
7616,‘I Am Ashamed’ vs. ‘Get Over It’: U.K. Parliament Debates Trump Visit - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   With thousands of people demonstrating against President Trump outside Parliament, British lawmakers on Monday debated whether to deny him a formal state visit because  —   in the eyes of nearly two million Britons in an online petition  —   it would “cause embarrassment to Her Majesty the queen. ” The debate included the kind of political showmanship and heated language that members of Parliament often do well, with dueling lawmakers invoking Mr. Trump’s impetuousness, his strategic importance to Britain or even his willingness to misrepresent the weather during his inauguration as reasons to cancel or go ahead with the visit. “The intellectual capacity of the president is protozoan,” said Paul Flynn, an opposition Labour lawmaker who led the argument against a state visit. In making his case, Mr. Flynn quoted a journalist’s remarks about the disgrace of “pimping out the queen for Donald Trump”  —   a remark that the Conservative legislator Jacob   condemned as unworthy, even as a quotation. Mr. Trump would hardly be the first contentious leader to be honored with a state visit. The queen, acting as always on the recommendation of the government, has in the past received President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, the Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceausescu and President Mobutu Sese Seko, the former leader of Zaire, now the Democratic Republic of Congo. After a recent visit with President Xi Jinping of China, she was caught on camera speaking of how “very rude” the Chinese leader had been. “A queen who has been asked over the decades to host tyrants such as Presidents Mobutu of Zaire and Ceausescu of Romania is going to take a brash billionaire from New York effortlessly in her stride,” William Hague, a former foreign secretary, wrote in The Daily Telegraph. Still, the prospect of Mr. Trump’s visit has stirred great passion in Britain. The online petition, backed by 1. 8 million people, does not call for Mr. Trump to be barred from Britain altogether, only that his visit be a political one, without the involvement of Queen Elizabeth II. Another online petition, signed by more than 300, 000 people, called for the state visit to take place. Petitions with more than 100, 000 signatures are eligible for parliamentary debate, and any vote would not be binding. The government of Prime Minister Theresa May has been firm in saying that the invitation to Mr. Trump for a full state visit this year will not be withdrawn. In Parliament, Mr. Flynn cited the need to keep public trust in politicians and noted that no president had ever been invited for a state visit in his first year in office. He also accused Mr. Trump of acting “like a petulant child” and said the queen should not be seen as approving either his actions or his attitudes toward women and Muslims. But a Conservative legislator, Nigel Evans, said that Mr. Trump was the president of a great ally of Britain and that the critics should “get over it. ” Mr. Trump was fairly elected, he said, adding, “I do respect that he stood on a platform on which he is now delivering. ” Alex Salmond, a legislator from the Scottish National Party, argued that the invitation should be rescinded because members should not confuse respect for the United States with a personal invitation to Mr. Trump. Traditionally, American presidents must wait several years before getting a state visit, and many do not get one at all. Mrs. May, after Britain’s vote in June to leave the European Union, was eager to cement good relations with the new American president, and she arranged a rapid visit to Washington. During the visit, she conveyed the invitation, which Mr. Trump accepted. Leaving the European Union could lock Britain out of the bloc’s single market, a   zone, as well as the customs union, which eliminates tariffs and customs checks. So Mrs. May has seemed eager to shore up her country’s relations with the United States as a counterbalance. During the debate, a Labour legislator, David Lammy, spoke of Mr. Trump’s attitudes and asked why Britain should “abandon all its principles” and invite him, “because this country is so desperate for a trade deal that we would throw all our own history out the window?” He said: “We didn’t do this for Kennedy. We didn’t do this for Truman. We didn’t do this for Reagan. But for this man, after seven days, we say, ‘Please come and we will lay on everything because we are so desperate for your company? ’” He added, “I am ashamed that it has come to this. ” But James Cartlidge, a Conservative, said that if Britain canceled the visit, “there will be smiles all around in the Kremlin,” which wants to “divide the West. ” And another Conservative, Simon Burns, said that it was important to be “a candid friend” able to influence Mr. Trump and the United States, particularly so given Britain’s plan to leave the European Union. Various opinion polls indicate that a small majority of Britons support the state visit. But there are also concerns that it would be met with large protests, comparable to 2003, when President George W. Bush made a state visit and many came out to protest the Iraq war. The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, supports the petition to disinvite Mr. Trump because of the president’s “ban on people from seven   countries” and his decision to block refugees from entering the United States. “In those circumstances, we shouldn’t be rolling out the red carpet,” Mr. Khan said on Sunday. On Monday, the House of Lords began at least two days of debate on a bill, already passed by the House of Commons, to authorize the government to enact Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which would inform the European Union of Britain’s intention to leave the bloc. The government intends to invoke Article 50 by the end of March, if not sooner, beginning at least two years of negotiations with the other 27 member states on the terms of Britain’s exit and a framework for future relations.",0
7617,Cops Fire Tear Gas on Water Protectors as They Attempt to Reclaim Sacred Land,"By Justin Gardner As the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline nears its planned Missouri River crossing, protesters are remaining strong in their fight to protect the... ",0
7618,Democrats Refuse to Stand for Navy SEAL’s Widow When She Received a Standing Ovation at Trump Speech,"Democrats in Congress refused to stand while a Navy SEAL’s widow was acknowledged by President Trump in his speech before a joint session of Congress Tuesday night. [Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) and Sen. Patty Murray ( ) among others, remained firmly seated and did not applaud at all while the rest of the room gave Carryn Owens a standing ovation, IJR reported.  “We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U. S. Navy special operator, Senior Chief William ‘Ryan’ Owens. Ryan died as he lived: a warrior, and a hero  —   battling against terrorism and securing our nation,” Trump said, introducing the widow. Ryan was killed in the line of duty during a raid on a terrorist haven in Yemen. His widow Carryn was seated next to First Daughter Ivanka Trump, clearly distraught as she took the national spotlight. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) and other Democratic members of Congress did stand and applaud on the second round of ovations, but many others still refused to stand.  Sobbing widow of slain Navy Seal receives 2 minute standing ovation.  Debbie Wasserman Schultz  Keith Ellison stay firmly seated, no claps,  —   Benny (@bennyjohnson) March 1, 2017,  FOR THE RECORD: Carryn Owens had 2 ovations. DWS  Ellison stood for her intro. The really long, emotional 2 min one, they did not stand.  —   Benny (@bennyjohnson) March 1, 2017,  Former DNC Chair and Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) and Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) were among the Democratic leaders who remained seated during the second emotional    standing ovation for Carryn Owens, though they did stand for her introduction.  While Democratic congressional leaders were reluctant to show respect during the speech, former Obama adviser Van Jones had a different take on the moment, calling it “one of the most extraordinary moments” of American politics. Trump’s speech was   by the American public and media outlets normally adversarial towards the president. A   poll showed that 69 percent of American viewers felt “optimistic” about the country after the speech, while 28 percent felt “pessimistic” after the speech. The Washington Post called Trump’s speech the “best ‘big’ speech” from the president.",0
7619,You Won’t BELIEVE The Hilarious Reason We Haven’t Seen Any Late Night Trump Twitter Rants,"November 6, 2016 You Won’t BELIEVE The Hilarious Reason We Haven’t Seen Any Late Night Trump Twitter Rants Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
The press has been praising GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump lately for staying on message on the campaign trail and avoiding feuds on Twitter. After all, the entire campaign has been dogged by Trump’s Twitter meltdowns – especially in cases where he did outrageous things like spending a week attacking the parents of a fallen soldier, and fat-shaming a beauty queen in the middle of the night while urging his millions of followers to check out a sex tape. 
The world watched in horror as a major party presidential nominee engaged in this childish, bullying behavior, and as his advisers and surrogates toured the talk shows cleaning up his messes. However, it seems that here in the 11th hour of this crazy election cycle, Trump’s campaign aides have had enough of his coming unglued online. So, as if they are babysitting a toddler, they’ve done the unthinkable and removed Trump’s access to his own Twitter account . 
According to the New York Times, instead of allowing Trump to tweet when he feels like it, he and his aides craft careful tweets to send out to his millions of followers. The Times cites one instance where Hope Hicks, one of the campaign’s spokespeople, helped Trump word a tweet chastising President Obama for stumping so much for Hillary. 
So, in other words, Trump has so little self-control that his social media has to be monitored like a child. He probably stomped, screamed, and ranted throughout Trump Tower when Kellyanne or whoever responsible for this decision took his phone away, but it seems that in the final days, the campaign knew that they’d have no time to clean up any messes Trump might create for himself via Twitter. Therefore, they had no choice but to treat him like the small child who just happens to be occupying a 70-year-old man’s body that he is. 
And to think – in two days, this little boy could be in control of the world’s most powerful nuclear arsenal. 
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
7620,"RABBI SHMULEY: For Steve Bannon, Israel Is on the Whiteboard - Breitbart","Yesterday, insofar as anyone can recall, was the   White House commemoration of Israel’s birth as a nation.  With @SteveBannon in the White House on #israelindependenceday. Steve is a great, stalwart friend of the Jewish State pic. twitter.   —   Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017,  With Steve Bannon and Debbie at the White House on #IsraelIndependenceDay2017. Thank u Steve for your love of Israel pic. twitter.   —   Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017",0
7621,I declare myself a conscientious objector,"I declare myself a conscientious objector page: 1 link With tensions as they are and a war on the horizon I have decided to declare myself a conscientious objector. The UK does not need to start a war in Syria, it does not need to start fight with Russia. None of that has any reliavance to the UK or its saftey! In fact it would make us more unsafe! War in these curmstances would not be for my defence. And in my opinion violence is only nessary or justified in self defence. Russias leaders have acted disgrafully. But our leaders in the USA and UK are equally as bad. For every Crimea there's a Iraq, for every Syria a Libya. There is no moral high ground, the USA or UK has no right to point fingers, nor does Russia. I will therefore refuse to support (directly or indirectly), take part in or contribute (beyond taxes) anything. My only exception being unarmed medical services that I will give neutrally to BOTH sides equally. In the unlikely event of a call up I will choose prison. I will not actively support or aid the other side beyond medical and humanitarian aid. Call me a traitor, a coward or anything you like, this is my decision . I want NO part in any looming conflict. edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given) edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given)",0
7622,"Defense Secretary Mattis to Japan, South Korea on Overseas Trip","The Pentagon announced on Wednesday that Secretary of Defense James Mattis will visit Japan and South Korea in early February, on his first overseas trip since confirmation. [“The trip will underscore the commitment of the United States to our enduring alliances with Japan and the Republic of Korea, and further strengthen U. S.   of Korea security cooperation,” said Pentagon spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis.  “President Donald Trump raised concerns during the campaign by asserting that some allies are not pulling their weight and by suggesting that he might not object to Japan or South Korea developing their own nuclear weapons if they do not pay more for U. S. military support,” Stars  Stripes noted in reporting Mattis’ travel agenda. CNN reports the trip is scheduled to last four days, and will include meetings with Mattis’ opposite numbers in Japan and South Korea. There are currently about 50, 000 U. S. troops stationed in the former nation and 28, 000 in the latter. A defense official told CNN that “folks in Japan are very happy about the visit. ” Japan has been looking to improve its military capabilities to deal with potential threats from China and North Korea. The Japan Times reports that Mattis will meet with Defense Minister Tomomi Inada on February 3rd, after paying a courtesy call to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. During these meetings, Japan Times anticipates that Mattis “may request that Japan increase defense spending and expand the role of the   Forces abroad in line. ” Mattis and Inada are also expect to “exchange views on China’s island construction and military buildup in disputed areas in the South China Sea and North Korea’s development of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles,” as well as on a plan to relocate the U. S. Marine Corps Air Station in Okinawa. In South Korea, Mattis will likely discuss “North Korea and the planned deployment of an advanced U. S. missile defense system known as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system (THAAD) to South Korea” with Defense Minister Han  . The Financial Times writes that THAAD deployment is “looking increasingly in jeopardy amid political strife in Seoul and increasingly strident Chinese opposition. ” Said opposition recently took the form of punitive Chinese action against the South Korean conglomerate that owns the land where the THAAD system would be erected, prompting the conglomerate to delay negotiations. South Korea’s Yonhap news agency predicts “  for U. S. Forces [and] Korea may also be on the agenda, as Trump called for U. S. allies to pay more for the upkeep of the U. S. military during his election campaigning. ”",0
7624,DOJ: Comey NOT ordered to withhold discovery,"DOJ: Comey NOT ordered to withhold discovery November 01, 2016 U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch leaves after attending the 64th Annual Red Mass at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington, U.S., October 2, 2016. 
Contrary to initial reports, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not order FBI Director James Comey to withhold from Congress the discovery of emails. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not order Comey to withhold information of new investigation into emails in Hillary Clinton's email server, but she made it known that she thought his decision violated department policy. 
Comey's letter on Friday notifying members of Congress that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had discovered new emails apparently pertinent to the Clinton server probe has upended the presidential race and given new hope to Republican candidate Donald Trump that he can make a comeback and win on Nov. 8. Although some polls prior to the release of Comey's letter to Congress showed that support for Trump was already back on the rise. 
Lynch's office informed the FBI on Thursday that sending the letter conflicted with a memo containing official guidance that is sent to all Justice Department employees during presidential election years, according to the official. 
The memo instructs employees to ""never select the timing of investigative steps... for the purpose of affecting any election."" 
Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic leader in the Senate, sent Comey a letter on Monday accusing the FBI of keeping “explosive information” under wraps about ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
7625,Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism?,"Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism? Exclusive: Jane Chastain explains impact of Dems' 'living wage' proposal Published: 20 mins ago Jane Chastain About | | Archive Jane Chastain is a Southern California-based broadcaster, author and political commentator. Despite her present emphasis on politics, Jane always will be remembered as the nation's first female TV sportscaster, spending 17 years on the sports beat. Jane blogs at JaneChastain.com. She is a pilot who lives on a private runway. Print 
Our country is at a crossroads. Never before have we faced such an obvious fork in the road. One road, the one favored by politician Hillary Clinton and her Democratic colleagues, promises to lead us to a socialist utopia. The other, favored by businessman Donald Trump and some of his Republican colleagues, promises to get us back on the road toward free-market capitalism. 
It is no secret that most career politicians lean toward a socialist system. In this system they control the lion’s share of our money and, in turn, hand out favors. In this system, they make the major decisions that affect our lives. As the government accumulates more and more power, we invariably end up with less. Statistics show that the longer a politician stays in power, the more of our hard-earned money he or she spends. Yet we keep electing the same people over and over and over again, expecting a different result. 
We’ve been headed down the road toward socialism for quite some time, and this could be the last fork in the road we will have to get us back to the free-market system that has given this country the highest standard of living in the world. No, it isn’t perfect, but it works for everyone who is willing to work hard and wants to improve his or her life. 
Notice what I didn’t say is “simply willing to work hard.” There is the belief by some that if you simply work hard, you should have what these politicians now call a “living wage” – the income necessary to support a family of four and supply all its basic needs, which is around $85,000 a year in some parts of the country. The Democrats want to replace the minimum wage, which is a training wage, with this living wage. That completely kicks the bottom rungs out from under the economic ladder Americans have traditionally climbed to reach their goals and live independently. 
Ideally, it would mean that you could take a job flipping hamburgers and never gain any skills or accept any responsibility, and live as comfortably as the guy or gal who does. 
Unfortunately, this so-called living wage will destroy jobs. It will cause companies to automate, and those that cannot will begin moving offshore at an even faster rate. 
But this living wage is only part of what the Democrats want to do in the name of fairness. 
This, no doubt, appeals to many in this poor economy who have lost all hope, so they are lulled into thinking that the socialist road is much better. 
Wages have remained flat for far too long, but the Democrats are proposing raising taxes even higher on businesses and job creators. 
Most people simply do not understand that businesses don’t pay taxes. They are passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. And when the price of the necessary goods and services becomes too high, such as we’ve seen in Obamacare, there is a large outcry. That’s when the government steps in and takes over the means of production and the control of those services. That’s when the door to socialism/communism slams shut. 
They tell us if we take this socialist road there is nothing to fear. Our benevolent government will take care of us. They are offering us free college – or almost free loans – in order to get the job we want at a salary we think we deserve. And if we don’t get that job, the government is going to give us free health care, free food and free housing. Under President Hillary, there will be free child care, free preschool and paid family leave. What a country! 
If we don’t reach our goals, everything will be OK because Social Security and Medicare will be there to finance our retirement, and if that isn’t enough, the government will put us in a retirement center where we live out the remainder of our years playing checkers or watching television. 
What about the fact that Social Security and Medicare are going broke? How long can we keep printing money to keep us afloat before our economy collapses? They never talk about that. 
As British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said, “The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people’s money.” 
Don’t be fooled: This election is about a lot more than the two personalities at the top of the ticket. It’s an important fork in the road: One fork requires hard work and sacrifice but offers freedom. The other offers a free lunch. 
Media wishing to interview Jane Chastain, please contact . Receive Jane Chastain's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jane Chastain's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *",0
7626,"Cruise Ship From Miami Docks in Cuba, Ending Decades-Old Freeze - The New York Times","MEXICO CITY  —   The first cruise ship in nearly 40 years to sail across the Florida Straits from Miami to Havana docked in the Cuban capital on Monday, cutting a   ribbon of water that for years was a symbol of the political gulf between the two countries. Hundreds of Cubans stood near the dock and on Havana’s sea wall, snapping pictures with smartphones and filming the arrival of the ship, Adonia, which arrived in the   port after crossing overnight from Miami. The   ship is operated by Fathom Travel, a unit of Carnival Corporation. Isabel Buznego, a passenger aboard the   cruise, was born in Cuba but left about 40 years ago, when she was 5. She said she was overcome with emotion when she first spotted the   fortifications that protect Havana’s bay. “That really got to me,” Ms. Buznego said. The ship’s arrival on Monday caused a stir among the locals, too: So thick was the crowd as the American passengers disembarked that a passing tourist asked, “Who’s the celebrity?” The cruise was the latest stage in the surge of American travel to the island since President Obama announced the normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba in December 2014. The arrival of a ship from Florida recalls the heady days before Fidel Castro’s 1959 revolution, when the island was a tropical getaway for Americans, and Cubans could board a ship in Havana and be in Miami within hours. Commercial sea traffic all but dried up when the United States broke off diplomatic and commercial relations with Cuba in the early 1960s. The Florida Straits became a treacherous barrier that tens of thousands of desperate Cubans crossed, or drowned trying to cross, on rafts and leaky vessels. Plans for the cruise ran into trouble in April after it emerged that it would exclude   passengers because they were barred by the Cuban government from entering the country by sea. That prompted a furor in Miami and Washington, and the Cuban government lifted the restriction. Robert L. Muse, a lawyer in Washington who specializes in laws related to Cuba, said the Cuban government’s concession was probably driven by diplomatic considerations, not because it was concerned about lost tourism dollars. “If it were purely about the money, they wouldn’t have backed down,” Mr. Muse said. With Washington eager for the détente to produce more commercial deals, the Cubans conceded “to keep the dialogue afloat,” he said. The last time an American cruise ship sailed to Cuba from the United States was in the late 1970s, during a brief thaw begun by President Jimmy Carter. Since the 2014 announcement of restored relations, several ferry and cruise companies have applied to the Treasury Department for licenses to carry American passengers to Cuba. So far, only Carnival and a French company, Ponant, have reported receiving a license to offer cruises to Cuba from American ports. The Treasury Department has issued a general license to American ferry operators, but they have yet to get permission from the Cuban authorities. For Cubans, the possibility of regular sea crossings to the United States brings the prospect of closer ties with their expatriate friends and relatives living there. Antonio Serrano, 53, a hospital worker who was watching the Adonia passengers arrive in Old Havana on Monday, said he was there to show returning Cubans that his “solidarity is strong. ”",0
7627,Every American Knows a 'Gerald' in Their Neighborhood -- His Wife Wants You to Re-elect Him...Please,"Share on Twitter 
While many campaign ads feature candidates and their surrogates slinging the proverbial mud at their opponents, Travis County (Austin, TX) Commissioner Gerald Daugherty tried something a little different: he had his friends, his neighbors, and even his wife sling a little (good-natured) mud at him. 
The resulting ad was so touching and relatable that Americans of all political stripes are calling it “the best political ad of the entire election”: my favorite political ad of the year, for a Texas county commish @teamdaugherty https://t.co/tBVtTde4sF — Jon Ward (@jonward11) October 24, 2016 Fun ad: ""Please re-elect Gerald"" to the county commission so he'll stop annoying his family with policy nerdery. https://t.co/5LiiBpfg6X — Josh Barro (@jbarro) October 27, 2016 
“Re-Elect Gerald...Please” even got the attention of Hollywood: ""Please re-elect Gerald."" Best political Ad of the election. https://t.co/BAuGdWLrTx — Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) October 26, 2016 Okay. This is the funniest campaign ad ever!!! Please Re-Elect Gerald https://t.co/50P8nWmPXk via @YouTube — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 23, 2016 
Even liberal bastion The Daily Kos is suggesting that their readers “put party politics aside” and watch the hilarious ad. 
Daugherty, who was a one-time prospect for the Boston Red Sox, has channeled his energy into a platform of “good roads and fiscal responsibility”...and, apparently, savvy advertising. ",0
7628,WORLD WAR 3 IS OVER!!,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
7629,"Engulfed in Battle, Mosul Civilians Run for Their Lives - The New York Times","The photojournalist Ivor Prickett spent three weeks documenting the battlefront and humanitarian crisis in west Mosul. The war to drive the Islamic State from its last strongholds in western Mosul has come to this: With every advance by Iraqi forces, every missile rained down by coalition aircraft, a flood of Iraqi civilians hits the streets. It is no longer a question of waiting between salvos  —   there are few, if any, breaks that make it obvious when to run, so the people of Mosul are simply running whenever they can. As we traveled with Iraqi special forces deep in western Mosul last week, in the mostly residential Mosul Jidideh neighborhood, we saw desperate families start out right at daybreak. Families carried their young children and propped up their aging relatives, and they all moved as quickly as they could along streets where the sounds of battle were all too close: a cacophony of gunfire, the dull thud of mortar rounds, the deafening roar of Islamic State car bombs and American airstrikes. Nearly everyone frantically asked which way was safe for them to flee. One route forced people to file past a destroyed building on the corner of the square where fighters with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, had been targeted the night before. One of the militants lay visible in the rubble near the crowd of silent refugees, his crumpled body almost camouflaged among the stone and twisted metal. In their state of anxious flight, many didn’t even notice the corpse. But occasionally, children would gawk in horror as they were whisked past by elder siblings and parents. Around a   people are still thought to be trapped in an   area of the city along with an estimated 2, 000 remaining Islamic State fighters. There, they are caught in a frightening crossfire. As Iraqi forces have advanced, American airstrikes have at times leveled entire blocks  —   including the one in Mosul Jidideh this month that residents said left as many as 200 civilians dead. At the same time, the Islamic State fighters have used masses of civilians as human shields, and have been indiscriminate about sniper and mortar fire. Near one position held by Iraqi forces, this woman screamed out in horror after the loss of her son in an ISIS mortar attack, right on her doorstep. Nearby, neighbors loaded those wounded in the same attack into the back of a small truck, hoping to get them to a   station. The Islamic State’s seemingly endless supply of car bombs has taken a fearsome toll in the battle. As we moved with the Iraqi troops into the neighborhood of Shuhada, scenes of immense destruction and the acrid smell of explosives bore testament to the fierce battle that had taken place the day before between Iraqi special forces and the militants. And then, another blast, close to us. This car bomb had actually failed to detonate after being abandoned by its driver. The explosion was from a coalition airstrike called in to remove it as a threat. On the corner of a main square in Shuhada, we found an ISIS car bomb that had partly detonated. The front part of the armored vehicle was a   mess, but the back was still loaded with explosive canisters. The charred and severed body of a suicide car bomber whose vehicle had failed to fully detonate sat on the corner of an intersection beside his   vehicle. Another body of an Islamic State fighter sat in the middle of the road, splayed out on a wooden cart. With heavy ordnance going off all around, Iraq’s specialized counterterrorism forces have been tasked with painstakingly clearing neighborhoods like Mosul Jidideh. The Islamic State is not giving up ground quickly, and seems to be able to mount counterattacks everywhere. After one car bomb disabled two Iraqi special forces vehicles, ISIS snipers hidden nearby began shooting at the soldiers. Some Iraqi commandos raced up to the top of a tall building nearby, and it suddenly became a battle for the rooftops that lasted for hours. Even with fighting all around them, many Mosul residents have heeded the government’s requests to stay home as long they can hold out. But after months of being trapped, most are in dire need of food and water. With the fighting still heavy, international groups have been unable to reach some of the worst off. Government aid distribution is overseen by local militia fighters. They take place irregularly and very often descend into chaos as desperate people fight for bags of rice and sugar, as prices have skyrocketed over the past four months since the offensive began. Here, western Mosul residents begged for help at an aid distribution location in the Mamun neighborhood. Even those who have been able to break away from the worst fighting find themselves in acute need, like this family waiting for help on the side of the road in Mamun. The accounts of losses within families are grim. Mohammed Hamed, 5, and his sister Amina, 4, were hastily buried together in a shallow grave in the courtyard of a school in Mosul Jidideh. They were hurt at home by an airstrike that struck Islamic State positions at a nearby house, the family said, and died hours after the blast because the family was unable to reach medical help. Friends and family members struggled to dig a hole big enough for their tiny bodies, interrupted by a sudden and terrifying new round of airstrikes nearby. After the rushed burial, their mother, Amira, stood and waved at the grave, saying over and over: “Goodbye, my children! Travel safely to God!” The family quickly set out for the safety of a camp outside the city. Within Mosul Jidideh, the grinding nature of the fighting stood out. At every corner there seemed to be some fresh wreckage or rubble. Behind the front line in the neighborhood, Iraqi fighters moved along devastated streets. Seeking to cover clearing operations around them, Iraqi soldiers are always climbing, seeking the high ground of rooftops and corners. In one area, special forces soldiers searched a house that had been used by Islamic State fighters up until the day before. A hole in the wall in the front garden led to the neighbors’ yard next door, made so that the fighters could move through the area without being seen. Inside there was very little trace of the men who had lived there, except for some daggers, a large black baton and an ISIS flag hanging above a double bed in the master bedroom. Even in places that seem cleared, snipers are a constant threat. This man was brought to a special forces outpost in Mosul Jidideh after being hit in the leg. Some of the destruction carries the clear hallmark of the Islamic State’s heavy   campaign. This man called out to his family after discovering that his father was among those killed in one attack. The moments after those attacks are always fraught with anxiety. Is another bomb on the way? Will sniper fire or some heavier ground assault unfold now, as is often seen from the Islamic State? After the   this Iraqi federal police officer ran toward the explosion to fight off any potential   and look for survivors. Last week, after all that had happened in Mosul Jidideh, Iraqi forces said they had nearly cleared the last pockets of Islamic State fighters from the neighborhood. But it is just one of many in western Mosul, and the toll here is staggering. Even if a government triumph finally and permanently comes to this district, it will forever be the place where coalition airstrikes killed dozens of people seeking safety where families left so many dead behind while fleeing the terror of ISIS where victory looked like destruction.",0
7630,Hillary Clinton Laundered ISIS Cash - Says Investigating U.S. Army Officer,"Hillary Clinton Laundered ISIS Cash - Says Investigating U.S. Army Officer # Omega_Archive 3 
A U.S. Army Counter-Terror Officer gives testimony of his findings, that Hillary Clinton and a highly placed band of cohorts, used numerous Swiss 'shell' bank accounts, to transfer huge amounts of money for ISIS terrorists. 
Edward Snowden was one of the figures involved with the money laundering bank used by Clinton. Snowden quit the illegal operation, before he sought refuge in Russia. 
Julian Assange relayed vital information used by the counter-terror officer. A Washington D.C law firm, seems to be the hub of employment for many of the more prominent figures involved in this terrorist support group. 
The officer's investigative findings were later to be bolstered by Sy Hersh and several eyewitnesses to the Clinton orchestrated weapons smuggling and funding for terrorists. Tags",0
7631,Facebook Reinstates ’Polandball’ Comedy Page Following Breitbart Coverage - Breitbart,"Facebook has reinstated the popular “Polandball” comedy page, following coverage of their “permanent suspension” by Breitbart News. [The page, which focuses on “  satire,” was originally notified by Facebook that they would be permanently deleted on Saturday for unknown reasons.  “We’re very sorry about this mistake,” said a Facebook spokesman in an email to Breitbart Tech. “A post was removed in error, which led to the removal of the page. Both the post and page have been restored. ” Polandball announced on their reinstated Facebook page that they would be keeping both the original and the backup page in case they are removed by error again in the future. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
7632,Celebrities Get Sentimental During Obama Farewell Speech,"As President Obama delivered his farewell speech to the nation in Chicago Tuesday night, Hollywood stars and celebrities took to social media to express their gratitude and celebrate his achievements one final time. [Many of the president’s most outspoken celebrity supporters, including Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, Shonda Rhimes, Michael Moore, Russell Simmons and dozens of others used their Twitter accounts to express their feelings with just ten days remaining until Obama leaves office.  Some stars like Amy Adams, Regina King and Sarah Jessica Parker said their goodbyes while on the red carpet at Sunday night’s Golden Globe awards: On the night of the #ObamaFarewell address, these celebrities had some grateful words for @POTUS pic. twitter.   —   VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) January 11, 2017,  But others watched along and commented as Obama spoke for just under an hour from a convention center in Chicago. Below are celebrities’ reactions to the speech, and their parting words for President Obama. . @POTUS @BarackObama I love you more than I have space on Twitter to describe. #ObamaFarewell,  —   Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) January 11, 2017,  When The President  First Lady Leave the White House   …    . We Will be The Custodians Of HOPE🙏🏻 #ObamaFarewell,  —   Cher (@CherOfficiaI) January 11, 2017,  . @POTUS @BarackObama without question is the greatest speaker and man that I know. #ObamaFarewell,  —   Earvin Magic Johnson (@MagicJohnson) January 11, 2017,  This classy eloquent #ObamaFarewell on the heels of today’s latest #PEOTUS crap is invigorating my patriotic soul. #vigilantbutnotafraid,  —   Elizabeth Banks (@ElizabethBanks) January 11, 2017,  YES WE CAN #obamafarewell,  —   kerry washington (@kerrywashington) January 11, 2017,  Walks off to Springsteen’s ”Land of Hope and Dreams”. And now for something completely different  …     #ObamaFarewell,  —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) January 11, 2017,  Watching Obama’s final address, and realizing how very, very far we are about to descend. Farewell, O Captain my Captain! Heavens save us.  —   George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) January 11, 2017,  Life goals. https:  .   —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) January 11, 2017,  So glad I voted for this man. So glad I witnessed this leader, husband and father. #ObamaFarewell,  —   Maria Shriver (@mariashriver) January 11, 2017,  Chicago!  Proud to be home. Sad to say farewell to our Commander In Chief @POTUS. #georgewashingtonisgoinghime,  —   shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) January 10, 2017,  I admire you so much. And I will do my part to become increasingly aware of my #implicitbias and #whiteprivelege. https:  .   —   ashley judd (@AshleyJudd) January 11, 2017,  President Obama, because of you ”those brown kids” know that they too can one day be President of the U. S. #ObamaAndKids #ObamaFarewell pic. twitter.   —   Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) January 11, 2017,  Already crying. Love my president #FarewellAddress @BarackObama,  —   Gabrielle Union (@itsgabrielleu) January 11, 2017,  ”Reality has a way of catching up with you”  ’s mom.  —   Amanda Seyfried (@AmandaSeyfried) January 11, 2017,  From here with the Young Senator from Chicago to tonight. #obamafarewell. We will miss you. pic. twitter.   —   Sharon Stone (@sharonstone) January 11, 2017,  He insipired us, guided us, loved us, made us laugh. We cried with him  …    still I cry. @BarackObama #ObamaFarewell,  —   Nia Long (@NiaLong) January 11, 2017,  Thank you Mr. President! #ObamaFarewell https:  .   —   Bill Nye (@BillNye) January 11, 2017,  Things feel grim. The next guy is a nightmare. But at least for tonight we can say we’re lucky to have had him. #optimism #obamafarewell,  —   Mike Birbiglia (@birbigs) January 11, 2017,  Thank you for your service @BarackObama and @MichelleObama. #ObamaFarewell,  —   Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) January 11, 2017,  #ObamaFarewell  —   thoughts on race. #TrumpRally  —   racist thoughts.  —   Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) January 11, 2017,  ”i will forever miss this era  …    ” #ObamaFarewell pic. twitter.   —   MAXWELL (@_MAXWELL_) January 11, 2017,  Hope you enjoyed Obama’s speech. You won’t hear anything so cogent and kind for a long time. So, with complete sincerity: THANKS, OBAMA.  —   Stephen King (@StephenKing) January 11, 2017,  I’m lucky to have lived in the Obama era. Thank you for the inspiration, sir. #thanksobama #ObamaFarewell,  —   rosanne cash (@rosannecash) January 11, 2017,  Obama quoting George Washington who, over 200 years ago, was talking shit about Trump.  —   Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) January 11, 2017,  This #ObamaFarewell is beautiful. The love. Could Trump soak up all this warmth?  —   Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 11, 2017,  Future missing Obama so much right now.  —   John Cho (@JohnTheCho) January 11, 2017,  I love u @POTUS In good times  bad the buck stopped w you. Thank u for being a true leader  for 8 yrs of astounding, immeasurable progress,  —   Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) January 11, 2017,  This is what a REAL victory lap looks like and that only works if you have actually done something to to take a lap for.  —   Whoopi Goldberg (@WhoopiGoldberg) January 11, 2017,    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
7633,Comment on Tainted Measles Vaccine Kills More Than 50 Children In Syria by Tragic Deaths Used To Promote Vaccine Fear – On The Fence About Vaccines,"Photos Credits: Social Media The so called “ opposition health authorities ” said in a statement posted online in Arabic: 
“Primary investigations point to a limited security breach by vandals likely connected to the regime, which has been attempting to target the medical sector in Free Syria in order to spread chaos.” The statement also added: “The Syrian interim government’s health ministry has instructed a halt to the second round of the measles vaccination campaign, which began Monday September 15th … following several fatalities and injuries among children in vaccination centers in the Idlib countryside.” Adnan Hazouri, the health minister in the Syrian opposition who held a conference (in the Arabic Language) said that he will resign if an investigation upheld allegations of negligence, as blood samples have been sent to Turkey for analysis. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which is based in London, also confirmed: 
“At least five children have died and 50 others are suffering from poisoning or allergic reactions after measles vaccinations in Jirjanaz, in the Idlib province.” The following video shows affected children in Saraqeb hospital in Idlib, Syria: Monther Khalil, the head of the Idlib medical department said this during an interview with Radio Hawa Smart -an opposition related station established on Gaziantep, Turkey: 
“The department assures all parents who have had their children vaccinated that the vaccine is completely fine and there is no risk to children who have already been injected. 
We have already vaccinated 60,000 children against measles and there has been no previous problem. The same crews also previously carried out a polio campaign, where they vaccinated 252,000 children across seven rounds, and there were no abnormal complications.” More than 190,000 Syrians have been killed during the foreign-backed war since 2011, which has also created more than 3 million refugees outside Syria. Sources:",0
7634,Dieser Mann ist durch Carsten Maschmeyers Millionärs-Ratgeber unglaublich reich geworden,"Mittwoch, 23. November 2016 Dieser Mann ist durch Carsten Maschmeyers Millionärs-Ratgeber unglaublich reich geworden Hannover (dpo) - Geldverdienen kann so einfach sein: Carsten M. (57) aus Hannover hat in kürzerster Zeit ein Vermögen verdient. Seinen Erfolg verdankt er laut eigener Aussage dem Ratgeber ""Die Millionärsformel: Der Weg zur finanziellen Unabhängigkeit"" des Unternehmers Carsten Maschmeyer. Machte Carsten M. reich: dieses simple Buch ""Ich kann niemanden ernst nehmen, der behauptet, dass solche 'Wie werde ich reich?'-Ratgeber nicht funktionieren"", erklärt M. energisch. ""Schauen Sie mich an! Ich bin der lebende Beweis, dass an der 'Millionärsformel' eben doch was dran ist."" Es sei schlicht unglaublich, wie viel Geld er schon mithilfe dieses Buches verdient habe: ""Der Mann, der das geschrieben hat, muss ein Genie sein!"" Welcher der zahlreichen Tipps des Autors es war, der ihn in Rekordzeit zum Erfolg führte, kann oder will Carsten M. nicht verraten. ""Aber seit diesem Buch verdiene ich Geld, ohne auch nur einen Finger zu rühren."" Der 57-Jährige ist fest davon überzeugt, dass es grundsätzlich jeder schaffen kann, auf dieselbe Art reich zu werden. ""Sie brauchen nur ein Buch mit einem griffigen Titel, der dem Leser schnellen Erfolg verspricht. Auch wenn es aussieht, als stünde ziemlich viel nichtssagender Müll darin – glauben Sie an das Werk! Wenn Sie sich das zu Herzen nehmen und nie auch nur eine Sekunde am Autor zweifeln, können Sie das auch schaffen!"" Auch wenn er nur ungern darüber spricht, Carsten M. kennt noch mindestens eine andere unfehlbare Methode, um reich zu werden. Allerdings ist diese nicht in einem Buch zu finden, sondern am besten in einem Film erklärt: Der Drückerkönig",0
7635,New Poll Shows Democrat with 7 Point Lead in Georgia Special Congressional Election - Breitbart,"Survey USA released a poll on Monday that shows Democrat Jon Ossoff leading Republican Karen Handel by seven seven percent, 51 to 44, among likely voters in the runoff election to be held on June 20 in Georgia’s 6th Congressional District. [The election is to replace former Rep. Tom Price ( ) who resigned after he was confirmed as President Trump’s pick as Secretary of Health and Human Services.  Ossoff barely missed obtaining the     votes needed to secure the seat in the April 18 jungle primary. He finished in first place with 48. 1 percent of the vote, followed in a distant second by Handel at 19. 8 percent. Only the top two jungle primary finishers qualified for the June 20 special election. The Survey USA Poll, commissioned by WXIA TV, was conducted over a four day period between May 16 and May 20, of 549 likely voters, and it has a margin of error of 4. 3 percent. “SurveyUSA interviewed 700 registered voters    through    using   Sampling (aka: Voter List sample) purchased from Aristotle in Washington DC. Of the 700 registered voters, 549 were judged by SurveyUSA to have already voted in the runoff or to be certain to so before the    deadline,” the poll summary stated. Two earlier polls conducted after the jungle primary showed the race in a statistical dead heat. A Landmark Communications poll conducted between May 3 and 4 with a 3. 9 percent margin of error showed Handel with a 2. 6 percent lead. A Gravis Marketing poll conducted between May 8 and May 10 with a 3. 3 percent margin of error showed Ossoff with a two percent lead. Survey USA portrayed Monday’s poll results as an indicator that media criticisms of President Trump have hurt his standing, as well as that of fellow Republicans around the country. “The    runoff has national implications and will be seen as a referendum on the Republican President,” Survey USA said in its poll summary. However, the race is unusual because of the sheer magnitude of money being spent on it, most of it coming from outside the district. The Democratic candidate, Ossoff, benefited from that particularly during the election preceding the jungle primary on April 18, when liberals from Hollywood and elsewhere donated millions to his campaign. Less than ten percent of his funding actually came from the district. In contrast, Handel was one of eleven Republicans competing in the jungle primary and was far outspent by Ossoff prior to April 18. “A highly energized effort by the Democrats that has raised more than $8. 9 million from around the country for    Jon Ossoff has caught the Republican leadership napping,” Breitbart News reported on April 17, the day before the jungle primary. Since the jungle primary, the financial disparity between Ossoff and Handel has diminished. “[B]oth parties continue to flood Georgia with resources and ads in the final month of the most expensive House race in U. S. history,” the Hill reported on Tuesday. “The pounding President Donald Trump is taking over loose lips may be taking a toll on Republican candidate for the U. S. House of Representatives in Georgia’s 6th Congressional District, Karen Handel,” Survey USA said in its summary of the poll results, which it called “close enough in a     runoff to be anyone’s call, though clearly Ossoff is in a better position than is Handel. ” The district is Republican leaning but not Republican invincible: Trump carried the district in 2016, but only by 1. 5 percentage points, compared to, say, the neighboring 9th Congressional District, which Trump carried by 58 percentage points. Ossoff does not live in the 6th Congressional District, but voters shrug. 84% of Democrats and 21% of Republicans say the residency doesn’t bother them. Karen Handel does not have a college degree, but voters shrug. 45% of Democrats and 76% of Republicans say it is not an issue for them at all. Survey USA interviewed a total of 700 registered voters for the poll. Responses from 549 voters “Survey USA ” were included in the Congressional candidate survey, while responses from the other 151 registered voters deemed likely not to vote in the June 20 special election were not. All 700 registered voters surveyed, including those 151 deemed likely not to vote in the June 20 special election, were included in poll questions about President Trump’s job approval, health care, the firing of FBI Director James Comey, and the appointment of a special investigator. Survey USA found that among those 700 registered voters in Georgia’s 6th Congressional District, 34 percent approved of President Trump’s job performance, while 51 percent disapproved of it. Voters were evenly split on the Republican plan to replace ObamaCare 47 percent supported it, 47 percent opposed it.   percent of registered voters opposed President Trump’s decision to fire former FBI Director James Comey, while 38 percent supported it. Sixty percent supported naming a special investigator “to look into whether the Russians tried to influence the outcome of the 2016 Presidential election,” while 32 percent opposed naming a special investigator. With four weeks to go until the June 20 election, the record pace of spending and media coverage of the 6th Congressional District special election is likely to intensify until a victor is declared on election night.",0
7636,"""Top Five Clinton Donors Are Jewish"" - How Anti-Semitic Is This Fact?","""Top Five Clinton Donors Are Jewish"" - How Anti-Semitic Is This Fact? Published: October 29, 2016 Source: Moon of Alabama 
Top five Clinton donors Are Jewish, campaign tally shows. 
Something is wrong with the above statement. Isn't it anti-semitic? Did Trump say that? Readers of that statement may assume, somewhat reasonably, that there is a club of rich Jewish people controlling the Clinton campaign and, maybe, Clinton herself. That sounds like it was taken from the fake Protocols of the Elders of Zion. It clearly must be anti-semitic. 
It is also true . 
Facts have no bias. They can't be anti-semitic (or can they?). But while facts as such can not have a racial-religious bias, openly stating them surely can. Thus the above statement is anti-semitic. The fact itself isn't bad, reporting it publicly is bad, bad, bad. 
Who but an alt-right rag would report such at all? And for what purpose if not for spreading anti-semitism? 
Well - quot licet jovi, ... 
Jewish papers are of course allowed to report such a fact. That isn't anti-semitic. It is solely to brag about Jewish powers. Within the club that is not only allowed, but welcome. Thus Haaretz writes (sourced to the the Jewish Telegraph Agency) under the identity defining headline at the top of this post: Haim Saban, George Soros and others stand at the head of a list of wealthy donors who contributed mainly via super PACs. 
The Washington Post analysis, posted October 24, named the top donors, who are contributing $1 of every $17 of the over $1 billion amassed for the Democratic nominee’s presidential run. 
They are Donald Sussman, a hedge fund manager; J.B. Pritzker, a venture capitalist, and his wife, M.K.; Haim Saban, the Israeli-American entertainment mogul, and his wife, Cheryl; George Soros, another hedge funder and a major backer of liberal causes, and Daniel Abraham, a backer of liberal pro-Israel causes and the founder of SlimFast. 
Many of the big Clinton campaign donors also give to the Clinton Foundation which at times is a washing machine to put money into the Clinton's private accounts. It is kind of difficult to understand where Clinton Inc begins and where it ends. Campaign funds, Clinton foundation, speech fees, private accounts - does it even matter? Surely those who pay, to whatever Clinton entity, expect a service in return. Given the Clinton's occupations as Senator, Secretary of State and President the ask in return is unlikely to be commercial. It will be political. 
And here is why it matters that the five top donors to Clinton's campaign are Jewish, and all big supporters of Israel. (Haim Saban: ""I'm a one-issue guy, and my issue is Israel."") They surely will ask for political favors in the interest of the Zionist entity. This is also the reason why Haaretz, an Israeli paper, finds the strong racial-religious bias at the top Clinton campaign tally newsworthy. Big money paid to a Clinton entity can directly effect U.S. policies towards Israel. It buys its acquiescence to Israeli escapades even when those are not consistent U.S. interests. 
Clinton's positions towards Syria, Iran and Russia (which limits Israel's freedom of action) are surely not independent of Israeli interests. 
But that is of course, anti-semitic speculation ...",0
7637,"By Announcing New Jobs, Corporations Help Themselves Too - The New York Times","Donald J. Trump won’t be sworn in until Friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball. A series of   companies, among them Ford, Lockheed Martin, Amazon and Sprint, have all announced plans in recent weeks to hire and invest in the United States. A who’s who of executives from boardrooms here and overseas have made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower and sought the  ’s blessing. The   drumbeat of announcements  —   on Tuesday it was the turn of General Motors and Walmart  —   is not just about winning good headlines or a favorable mention from the tweeter in chief, however. While the jobs and investments are real enough, all of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with    moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defense contracts and regulation. Signaling to the   and his team that they are on board now also provides chief executives with more leverage down the line. “It might be an attempt to buy good will, but I don’t blame them for trying to do that,” said Tom C. Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “It’s a new administration, and companies are nervous and don’t know what to expect. ” Ultimately, the new administration’s decisions will be formulated far from the limelight in conference rooms at federal agencies in Washington or behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. The money riding on the outcome runs into the trillions. And on   issues, the companies will need to make a strong case. Detroit automakers, for example, are concerned that Washington will impose tariffs on cars made in Mexico, but they are eager for wiggle room on new   standards at home. Walmart is worried about rising trade tensions with China, where many of the products it sells are made. Lockheed Martin, whose chief executive, Marillyn A. Hewson, met with Mr. Trump on Friday and promised to create 1, 800 new jobs, depends on the government for more than 70 percent of its $46 billion in revenue. United Technologies, which agreed to preserve 850 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis after public pressure from Mr. Trump, gets about 10 percent of its sales from Washington. On a call with the news media on Tuesday, Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a new pledge by Bayer to invest $8 billion in the United States and create 3, 000 jobs. “The reason for this commitment and expansion is because of the  ’s focus on creating better business climate here in the United States,” he said. What Mr. Spicer didn’t mention is that Bayer, the German chemical giant, faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators in Washington and Europe over its plan to buy Monsanto, based in St. Louis, for $57 billion. If Bayer cannot win approval from the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission, it will be costly, with Bayer obligated to pay Monsanto $2 billion under the deal’s terms. Last week, the chief executives of the two companies met with   Trump and made their case for the merger, which some advisers to Mr. Trump have criticized. Mr. Korologos played down the idea that big business would get specific favors in exchange for hiring or investing. But he acknowledged that many of the announcements were choreographed for maximum political impact. “There’s too many hoops to jump through and too many institutions for it to be a simple quid pro quo,” he said. “But what Trump is doing is very unusual, and these decisions weren’t made 48 hours ago or after a tweet. They were in the works for a long time. ” Mr. Spicer did point out that Bayer’s decision to hire and invest more in the United States had not been disclosed previously  —   unlike some highly promoted announcements that were essentially recycled versions of previous news releases. In other cases, companies are talking up hiring plans now, after earlier decisions to quietly shed workers. Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, said Tuesday it would create about 10, 000 jobs when it opens about 60 new stores, plans that had already been announced last year. The additions to the work force are largely in line with Walmart’s typical hiring practices for new stores, according to a company spokesman, Lorenzo Lopez. Months before it announced the new stores last year, Walmart said it could lose as many as 16, 000 workers by closing 154 of its American locations and 115 stores overseas. Mr. Lopez said on Tuesday that “a lot” of the workers who had been affected by the store closures were able to move to surrounding Walmart stores. In the case of the auto industry, Mr. Trump’s criticism of imports of   vehicles has prompted companies to defend their American manufacturing presence aggressively and announce new investments, some of which had long been in the planning stages. Last week, the chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, admitted that plans for 2, 000 new jobs in the United States had been under consideration long before Mr. Trump won the presidency in November. “The decision has been in the works for a long time, dating back to 2015,” Mr. Marchionne said during an appearance at the Detroit auto show. “It is just a continuation of the retooling of the U. S. manufacturing base. ” But Mr. Trump’s immediate  —   and positive  —   reaction to the announcement underscored how closely the   is following the automotive job picture, and how his keen interest in American manufacturing is influencing automakers. On Tuesday, General Motors, the largest American automaker, announced $1 billion in new investment in its American factories that would create or retain 1, 500 jobs. The automaker also said it was moving production of axles from Mexico to the United States and creating 450 American jobs, and would continue to add thousands of new technology jobs over the next few years. In a statement, G. M. said the plans had been “in the works for some time. ” Yet the timing of the announcement was no coincidence, given Mr. Trump’s interest. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U. S. right now,” said Patrick E. Morrissey, a G. M. spokesman. “This was good timing for us to share what we are doing. ” Indeed, on Tuesday, Mr. Trump publicly thanked G. M. and Walmart via Twitter within hours of their announcements. Companies are also closely attuned to where government policy is headed, and want to show they are getting with the program, said Bruce P. Mehlman, founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen  Thomas, a lobbying firm whose clients include Fiat Chrysler, Procter  Gamble and Walmart. “In 2009 and 2010 under President Obama, it was sustainability, and in 2017 with Trump it’s domestic manufacturing,” Mr. Mehlman said. For automakers, that is an important issue as G. M. and many other companies make cars in Mexico for sale in the United States. The automaker has so far declined to stop importing cars from Mexico. But the entire auto industry is bracing for potential changes in the North American Free Trade Agreement that could disrupt their intricate production structure in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Industry analysts see the widely publicized announcements of new jobs as attempts by car companies to both blunt the  ’s criticism and curry favor with the incoming Trump administration. “Retaining and growing jobs in the U. S. is a political hot button right now,” said Michael Harley, an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book. “The timing of the announcement shows General Motors is more than willing to play the new administration’s publicity game. ”",0
7638,Rams Select Jared Goff With No. 1 Pick in N.F.L. Draft - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   The Los Angeles Rams chose quarterback Jared Goff of California with the first overall pick in the N. F. L. draft, the latest move by a team trying to   itself in Southern California after two decades in St. Louis. Eager to make a splash in their new home and revive their fading fortunes, the Rams traded a passel of draft picks to acquire the top overall selection from the Tennessee Titans. Without a strong quarterback on their roster, the Rams opted for Goff, widely considered one of the top prospects at that position in the draft. The Rams have not had a winning season since 2003, and they are eager to begin their second tenure in Southern California, where they played from 1946 to 1994, by becoming competitive in the N. F. C. West, one of the toughest divisions in the N. F. L. The Rams are betting that Goff, one of 96 underclassmen to enter the draft this year, can make the jump to the N. F. L. He threw for 4, 719 yards, 43 touchdowns and 13 interceptions last year in the competitive   Conference. His strong arm and quick release should help him reach the Rams’ collection of middling receivers. “I’m going to prove them right, let them know they made the right decision,” Goff said. Many of the picks in the first round were not surprises, although Ohio State dominated, with five of its players taken in the first 20 picks. Goff’s selection continues a trend toward teams focusing more on their passing game with their top picks. He was the 14th quarterback chosen first over all in the past 19 years. Goff was also the latest underclassman to be chosen first over all, following the likes of Matthew Stafford (2009) Sam Bradford (2010) Andrew Luck (2012) and Jadeveon Clowney (2014). Last season, quarterbacks Jameis Winston and Marcus Mariota were chosen first and second over all in the draft. In some ways, the Rams mortgaged the future for Goff, who will begin his career playing in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for three seasons until the owner E. Stanley Kroenke completes a nearly $3 billion stadium and retail complex in nearby Inglewood. The Titans sent their picks from the first, fourth and sixth rounds this year to the Rams. In return, they received the Rams’   pick, their two   picks and a   pick this year, and their   and   picks next year. By selecting Goff, the Rams cleared the way for the Philadelphia Eagles, who engineered their own blockbuster trade, to pick a top quarterback of their own. Last week, the Eagles acquired the second overall pick from the Cleveland Browns, as well as the Browns’   pick next year, in exchange for their picks in the first, third and fourth rounds this year, their   pick next year and their   pick in 2018. The Eagles selected Carson Wentz, who led North Dakota State to an F. C. S. Championship. Big and quick, Wentz played a   offense in college, and Philadelphia is betting that he can make the jump from Division   football to the N. F. L. “I block out all the noise, play ball,” Wentz said of the high expectations. “I’m confident in myself that it will all work out as it’s supposed to. ” Despite the selection of Wentz, the Eagles said Sam Bradford would remain the team’s starting quarterback and would not be traded. Last month, Bradford signed a   contract worth $36 million, $22 million of which is guaranteed. The San Diego Chargers picked third and took Joey Bosa, the highly rated defensive end from Ohio State, to improve a team that had among the fewest sacks last season. Bosa’s college teammate, running back Ezekiel Elliott, was taken next by the Dallas Cowboys. The Jacksonville Jaguars, which had the   pass defense last season, then took Jaylen Ramsey, a defensive back from Florida State. Teams continued to plug holes. The Baltimore Ravens took offensive lineman Ronnie Stanley to help protect quarterback Joe Flacco. The Tennessee Titans acquired the eighth pick in a trade with the Cleveland Browns and took Jack Conklin, an offensive tackle from Michigan State. Tampa Bay Buccaneers then traded the ninth pick to the hometown Chicago Bears, who chose linebacker Leonard Floyd of Georgia. The Giants, who have not made the playoffs since 2011, chose defensive back Eli Apple, the third Ohio State player chosen in the top 10. Tampa then took Vernon Hargreaves, a cornerback from Florida. The Jets, whose playoff drought is a year longer that the Giants’ chose Darron Lee, a linebacker from Ohio State, with the 20th pick This year’s event lacked some of the buzz of past years, like in 2012, when Robert Griffin III and Luck were taken, but minutes before the start of the draft a bizarre video was posted on the verified Twitter account of the   offensive tackle in the draft, Mississippi’s Laremy Tunsil, showing a person smoking from a mask equipped with a bong. The approximately   video was posted to the account before being deleted. The account was deactivated about 30 minutes later. After plummeting, Tunsil was selected with the 13th pick by the Miami Dolphins. Tunsil said later that the account was hacked and added that all of his drug tests came back negative in college. Another big story was what did not happen: The Patriots did not select a player in the first round. The Patriots lost that pick and a   pick next year after the league determined that quarterback Tom Brady was “generally aware” of a plot to deflate balls used in the A. F. C. Championship game in 2015. The penalties led to a very public fight between the Patriots, Brady and the league. As the draft began Thursday, the Patriots posted a photo of Tom Brady on their Instagram account. The Patriots, though, have 11 picks in the remaining six rounds of the draft, which finishes Saturday. Considering that players drafted early do not always provide the most value per dollar, stockpiling picks in the later rounds could be prudent. Brady, after all, was chosen in the sixth round. Kansas City Chiefs fans might take notice. The team lost its   draft pick this year and its   choice next year for violating the league’s tampering policy. Commissioner Roger Goodell, who was loudly jeered by the crowd in Chicago, rejected the team’s appeal of the penalties.",0
7639,Jimmy John's owner spent $350k to 'trophy hunt' extremely endangered female Black Rhino,"Jimmy John's owner spent $350k to 'trophy hunt' extremely endangered female Black Rhino 
Tuesday, November 01, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: Jimmy Johns , endangered species , trophy hunting (NaturalNews) The owner of the American fast food chain Jimmy John's is under fire after photos emerged of him smiling and giving a ""thumbs up"" beside numerous endangered species that he's hunted and killed throughout Africa over the years, for seemingly no other purpose than simply to invoke death for pleasure.Reports indicate that Jimmy John Liautaud has been spending hundreds of thousands of dollars per hunting trip to gain access to these precious species, including one particular ""trophy"" hunt in which he spent a whopping $350,000 just to kill an extremely endangered female Black Rhino. Graphic photos of Liautaud with this rhino and other animals are available here , but be warned: these images are horrifyingly upsetting.Liautaud's trophy hunts are apparently a routine pastime of his, just as they are for the many other bored millionaires out there with too much time and money on their hands who seem to get a kick out of taking out the rarest animals on our planet – beautiful creatures like leopards, rhinos, lions, and even elephants, which have the largest brains of any land animals. It's the type of thing that, if more people knew about it, they'd likely stop eating at Jimmy John's altogether.Mr. Jimmy John's poaching fetish has been making the media rounds, and many are now calling on a national boycott of the sandwich chain, which has already been exposed for underpaying its employees and treating them like slave workers. The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported that social media users had attempted to launch a boycott of Jimmy John's using the ""#boycottjimmyjohns"" hashtag on Twitter, though the company didn't seem all that phased.Still, the issue hasn't gone away, and many in the public remain outraged over what they say is reckless and reprehensible behavior. Not only is Liautaud killing these rare and exotic animals in cold blood, but he's doing so in such an utterly cruel way that even the most avid hunters would be hard-pressed not to cringe or perhaps shed a few tears.""[U]sually the animals are lured from a national park on to private property,"" Lara Starr, investigative writer and co-founder of The Earth Child writes, noting that this is not the method Liautaud uses to kill his prey. ""Trophy hunters will leave out bait, play the sounds of other animals to lure them in, or a few other tactics to find their animal victims.""""Canned hunting is even worse,"" she adds. ""It is the 'shooting fish in a barrel' version of trophy hunting . The animals are often hand raised so they are tame and don't run away. They leave food out for them one day, then some coward creeps up and shoots them with a high powered bow or rifle. Sometimes they don't even have to creep. Sometimes they just shoot them from the back of a truck, then go back to drinking their gin & tonic like it was just a bit of harmless fun."" Trophy hunting costs do NOT help repopulate endangered animal species One of the excuses often used as justification for expensive trophy hunting escapades is that all that cash ends up getting donated to conservation programs that help repopulate the prairies, plains, and jungles with endangered species. But this isn't actually true, as only about two percent of the proceeds from these hunts ends up being used for conservation purposes.Non-trophy hunting tourism, on the other hand, is responsible for the bulk of conservation donations -- up to 15 times than what trophy hunting contributes -- according to Heather Callaghan, editor of Natural Blaze . Likewise, the claim that animals killed on trophy hunts are used to provide food for locals is also bunk, as most of the carcasses end up getting left behind for scavengers. Sources:",0
7640,New York State Prefers You to Die of Cancer than Be ’Offended’,"An anonymous group of   Twitter trolls has convinced the New York State Department of Health to withdraw ads promoting colorectal cancer screening from Breitbart News. [The public service announcement, which ran in an advertising space on Breitbart. com read: “We got screened for colon cancer when we turned 50 and we’re so glad. Click here to find out why. ”  Twitter user “@nastiestwoman” took a screen grab of the ad, and tweeted at the official New York State Department of Health on Dec. 29, urging it to withdraw the ad. Hi @HealthNYGov, did you know you’re advertising on Breitbart? Please pull your ads so they don’t support hate like this. See @slpng_giants pic. twitter.   —   The Nastiest Woman (@nastiestwoman) December 29, 2016,  The department responded the next day, indicating that it had “removed” advertising from Breitbart, without explanation. @nastiestwoman @slpng_giants We were unaware of our ad appearing on Breitbart’s site and it has been removed,  —   NYSDOH (@HealthNYGov) December 30, 2016,  In response, @nastiestwmoan thanked the department and copied the anonymous Twitter troll account coordinating the effort to silence Breitbart: @HealthNYGov Thank you very much!   to @slpng_giants for the list,  —   The Nastiest Woman (@nastiestwoman) December 30, 2016, Colorectal cancer affects upwards of 50 out of every 100, 000 residents of New York State, with higher prevalence within the   and Hispanic communities. Breitbart News reached out to the New York State Department of Health for comment: On Dec. 30, your Twitter account indicated that you had withdrawn advertising for colon cancer screening that appeared on Breitbart. com via a third party. On what basis did you do so? Is it your scientific view that colon cancer does not affect conservatives? The department responded: “By protocol and practice, DOH reviews all advertising placements with the intention of reaching a wide audience. However, this ad’s proximity to an offensive and objectionable discussion necessitated immediate removal. ” Pressed for further detail on what was “offensive,” the department answered: “The comments in the screenshot shared by the Twitter user who brought this post to our attention. ” Breitbart News followed up: “Are you aware that comments appear on a wide variety of news websites?” The New York State Department of Health did not respond. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
7641,Hillary Clinton: It’s a “Great Idea” to Appoint Obama to the Supreme Court,"0 comments 
Lest anyone get the impression that Hillary Clinton would not do too much damage should she be elected, let’s take a little stroll down memory lane, shall we? 
Earlier this year while on the campaign trail, Hillary was asked at a town hall meeting by one of her supporters, “The next president will probably appoint several members of the Supreme Court. Would you consider appointing Obama?” 
Clinton replied enthusiastically, “Wow! What a great idea! Nobody has ever suggested that to me! Wow! I love that! Wow! He may have a few other things to do, but I’ll tell ya, that’s a great idea!” 
God help us… 
This actually brings up a very important point, something many people have overlooked during this election cycle: If we do not elect Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton can stack the Supreme Court with liberal justices, and in doing so, irreversibly steer our country down the path of no return. The America our Founding Fathers envisioned and strived for will be nothing more than a distant memory. 
SHARE the report if you believe we CANNOT let that happen!",0
7642,"Forget Russian tanks, Kiev has a different #1 fear","November 18, 2016 - Fort Russ -  Ruslan Ostashko, PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - 


What scares Kiev politicians more than anything? What is their number one fear? No, not Russian tanks coming down Kreshchatik street. They aren’t afraid of Russian tanks for two reasons. First of all, Kiev politicians have made so much money selling media disinformation to the West about Russian tanks invading Ukraine that they themselves are no longer afraid of this happening. They have a whole business, a whole image of this and all relations with the West are built on their promises to provoke Russia into open military intervention. These promises have brought them money and power, so the very thought of a Russian military invasion warms their soul. 
Now for the second reason. Kiev is now ruled by very opinionated people who are 100% convinced that, if something happens, they’ll manage to make it to Borispol and fly away. They hope that after fleeing from Russian tanks they will be provided with jobs, money, and respect for the rest of their life. They’ll form a Ukrainian government in exile and follow Khodorkovsky with endless lawsuits in international courts and travel the world giving lectures about how much they’ve suffered from Putin and how much they miss unfortunate Ukraine. Thus, the Kiev regime is not afraid of a Russian invasion. They have an entirely different nightmare, and it is precisely this other nightmare that is creeping into their daily reality. 
I periodically try to explain to the Ukrainian experts that I encounter in television studios that Ukraine has worn out even its strongest supporters in the West. They’ve tired them out so much and so thoroughly that these supporters are already starting to discuss things that were unthinkable a year ago. Remember PACE - that bunch of European bureaucrats who condemned Russia for aggression against Ukraine and deprived the Russian delegation of its voting rights? Well now Ukrainian deputies are saying that PACE is preparing a devastating report on human rights failures in Ukraine. The chairman of PACE has even stated that it is necessary to bring back the Russian delegation to work in PACE, and he even wrote a letter to Vyacheslav Volodin with the proposal to personally meet to discuss this issue. Members of the Ukrainian delegation to PACE are writing articles about the powerful Russian lobby which could steal PACE and force it to “betray Ukraine.” 
Here’s another example. After Ukrainian authorities fulfilled all 144 conditions for obtaining a vise free regime, European politicians turned to outright mocking them. During Rada discussions, it was recently revealed that Martin Schulz, the chairman of the European Parliament, now binds the visa-free regime to the fulfillment of the Minsk Agreements. An unpleasant situation has unfolded for official Kiev. If they blame Russia for not fulfilling the Minsk Agreements, then they’ll have to admit that the EU has made Kiev dependent on the Kremlin’s goodwill. If this is not so, then they’ll have to admit that Martin Schulz has de facto blamed Kiev for disrupting the Minsk Agreements and has punished the Ukrainian side by depriving it of its coveted visa free regime. Amidst all of this, the Ukrainian propaganda that the whole world supports Poroshenko looks very unconvincing. 
Yesterday I asked whether Trump would put Ukraine up for sale as a whole or in parts . Today I can present the Finnish version of the answer to this burning question. Former Finnish army commander General Gustav Hagglund told local media that “dividing Ukraine into two parts will put an end to the conflict in the country” and said that Trump will reach an agreement with Putin on concluding the conflict. A year ago, imagining that a representative of a European army would express such a position in the media was unthinkable, but now it is normal.  

In fact, I am not convinced that Trump will opt for this variant, but it cannot be excluded. The most important point is that no one is going to ask Ukrainian politicians about their opinions on the future of their country. This is Kiev’s greatest fear. On one fine day, they will wake up in a country that has been simply gifted to Putin.       Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
7643,2:00PM Election Day Water Cooler 11/8/2016,"Hegel remarks somewhere that all great world-historic facts and personages appear, so to speak, twice. He forgot to add: the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce … Men make their own history, but they do not make it as they please; they do not make it under self-selected circumstances, but under circumstances existing already, given and transmitted from the past. The tradition of all dead generations weighs like a nightmare on the brains of the living. And just as they seem to be occupied with revolutionizing themselves and things, creating something that did not exist before, precisely in such epochs of revolutionary crisis they anxiously conjure up the spirits of the past to their service, borrowing from them names, battle slogans, and costumes in order to present this new scene in world history in time-honored disguise and borrowed language. Thus Luther put on the mask of the Apostle Paul, the Revolution of 1789 – 1814 draped itself alternately in the guise of the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire, and the Revolution of 1848 knew nothing better to do than to parody, now 1789, now the revolutionary tradition of 1793-95. 
If you ever wondered where that quote came from, now you know! A fine example from the 2016 election is commentators comparing Clinton to Lincoln. 
Stats Watch 
NFIB Small Business Optimism Index, October 2016: “The small business optimism index rose 0.8 points in October to 94.9, slightly exceeding expectations and extending a rebound from the 2-year low at 92.6 set in April” [ Econoday ]. “A net 25 percent of owners reported raising worker compensation, a 3 point increase from September. Capital outlays, a leading strength of the index recently and important for future growth, remained at a strong 27 percent, the second highest reading of the recovery.” But the NFIB’s press release says: “Small business owners are rattled by uncertainty and unable to decide whether to expand, whether to hire, or whether to make other important decisions that might boost the economy” [ Econoday ]. And: “the highest level this year” [ Calculated Risk ]. 
JOLTS, September 2016: “Job openings rose to 5.486 million in September, up from a revised 5.453 million in August but still on the low side of this year’s trend. Hires are down in the September data, to 5.081 million from August’s 5.268 million to suggest that employers are having a hard time filling slots” [ Econoday ]. “With it hard to find the right person for the right job, employers are holding onto their existing employees closely as the layoff rate fell… [I’m so old I remember when you could get training at your job! Good times….] Though hiring is down, these numbers nevertheless will confirm worries that wage inflation may be approaching, that employers will have to offer more to bring in the workers they need.” Time to screw the workers take away the punch bowl, Janet! And: “The data overall suggests that there was a slight cooling in the labour market during the third quarter, but not enough to discourage a December rate increase from the Federal Reserve” [ Economic Calendar ]. And: “[A]nother solid report” [ Calculated Risk ]. 
Fed Loan Officer Survey: “The latest Federal Reserve senior loan officer survey on bank lending standards reported that standards were basically unchanged for the commercial sector during the third quarter of 2016. There had, however, been some tightening of conditions on Commercial Real Estate (CRE) loans” [ Economic Calendar ]. And: “Bank credit tends to tighten up as the economy slows, which slows lending and makes matters worse.The buzz word is ‘pro cyclical'” [ Mosler Economics ]. As we’ve seen, the bright spot in CRE is supply-chain related, e.g. distribution centers. And that’s a bet on globalization, no? 
Shipping: “Investors are following online retailers into warehouses” [ Wall Street Journal ]. “Singapore’s sovereign-wealth fund agreed to pay $2.7 billion for P3 Logistics Parks and its portfolio of European warehouses… in one of the biggest real-estate deals in Europe this year. The high returns on the industrial properties are a big draw, but the bigger attraction over the long term is the growing need for space to serve e-commerce customers in a European market with a limited number of high-quality warehouses. This is the second big buy in logistics for Singapore’s GIC Pte. fund, which bought the Blackstone Group LP’s IndCor Properties and its network of U.S. warehouses. The upheaval in the market likely isn’t over—another Blackstone property, Logicor, is exploring either an outright sale or an initial public offering of a business that owns 660 warehouses in 18 European countries.” 
Shipping: “The top U.S. maritime regulator [Federal Maritime Commission Chairman Mario Cordero] says the ongoing consolidation in the shipping industry isn’t leading to collusion to fix freight rates” [ Wall Street Journal ]. Of course not. That’s the purpose of setting up a ginormous cartel, right? 
Shipping: “The Port of Oakland said today its October export volumes reached a three-year high, increasing 20 percent over 2015 levels and posting the fourth-largest monthly total in its history” [ DC Velocity ]. “Port executives said that export volumes benefitted from weakness in the U.S. dollar that made U.S. exports more competitive in world markets and a strong agricultural harvest. Oakland is the closet seaport to the verdant growing areas of the Central, Napa, and Salinas valleys, and as a result handles much of the state’s agricultural export cargo. The port reported that containerized import cargo volume increased 2 percent in October. Overall loaded container volume—imports and exports—was up 11.4 percent, the port said.” 
Shipping: “[UPS] is buying medical-logistics specialist Marken Ltd., pushing deeper into the highly specialized and very profitable business of healthcare industry deliveries. The move is a play for high-yield business when many traditional industrial and retail customers are opting for slower, cheaper shipping….Closely-held Marken specializes in transporting clinical trial materials and medicine between 49,000 clinical trial locations around the world, work that is particularly sensitive in terms of time and temperature” [ Wall Street Journal ]. “For UPS, it also delivers a bigger entry into a growing market, particularly as aging populations in the developed world spend more on health care and clinical research expands.” 
Shipping: “Packaging machinery shipments in U.S. could reach $8.5 billion in 2020” [ DC Velocity ] “[T]he fastest-growing machinery types scored by CAGR through 2020 will be the labeling, decorating, and coding (3.9 percent) and the case handling (2.5 percent) machinery groups. That rapid growth is largely a result of new legislation demanding increased labeling and coding, continuing developments in printing technologies, and the proliferation of SKUs, PMMI said. The other machinery groups include: filling and dosing; bottling line; form, fill, and seal; cartoning; palletizing; closing; and wrapping and bundling.” Fascinating to see the interface between big data and stuff . 
Shipping: “Container ship demolition hits record high” [ Journal of Commerce ]. “Shipowners have demolished 4.2 times more 20-foot-equivalent units so far this year than in the same period of 2015, with 500,000 TEUs. Most of the activity has occurred in the last three months, which accounted for 41 percent of the demolition thus far in 2016. The demolition activity in the last three months surprised BIMCO [Baltic and International Maritime Council] positively and it exceeded our initial expectation based on the appalling 2015 demolition activity,’ said Peter Sand, chief shipping analyst, BIMCO. “The advance is a push in the right direction, as demolition activity is one of the essential measures needed to be taken to rebalance the container shipping industry.'”“Rebalance.” No Pakistanis burned to death lately , so we’re good! 
Shipping: “Southern California chassis shortages recede as Hanjin boxes are cleared” [ Lloyd’s List ]. 
Retail: “Panjiva Research Director Chris Rogers told Logistics Management that when specifically looking at import numbers for things like apparel, especially winter clothing, and toys, which are both down, it suggests that retailers are not feeling ‘hugely confident’ about the state of consumer spending. And he added that it is in direct contrast to recent data issued by the National Retail Federation, which is calling for holiday shipping season (the months of November and December) to be up 3.6 percent” [ Modern Materials Handling ]. From October. But still. 
Retail: “A recent survey of shoppers weighed in with their answer to the question, “Do you like Black Friday?” Only 14.7% said that they love it, while 50.7% said it was okay. More than a third — 35.3% — said they hated it. A rather staggering 85% of those surveyed either hated Black Friday or didn’t care much about it” [ 247 Wall Street ] ( original survey ). Throw me in the “hate” bucket! 
Housing: “It is so interesting to once again see the ‘drive until you qualify’ meme permeating the housing industry. People seem to think this is now a new permanent plateau, a new normal, yet ignore the low home ownership rate and the reality that momentum is turning. But of course many are not paying attention – they are stuck in traffic apparently. Mega commutes, rental Armageddon, and insane prices for crap shacks are all part of the game today” [ Dr. Housing Bubble ]. “If you look at the rise in these mega commutes in the Bay Area and Silicon Valley it shot up in 2010… Something fundamentally shifted here. Of course you have your house humpers saying that this is great and somehow reflects a healthy market but in reality, it simply shows a hyper manic market of people desperate to claw into a crap shack. And many are now having to endure Clockwork Orange like torture in traffic. Many Millennials are simply saying no and are renting closer to work (or living at home with parents).” 
Honey for the Bears: “The restaurant recession has arrived” [ MarketWatch ]. “One factor is pressure on discretionary income from the rising costs of staples such as rent, medicine and education. Then there’s the steady rise in the cost of eating out, which has come just as grocery bills are getting cheaper. The cost of food purchased for home use—that is, groceries—has fallen 2.4% in the past year, government data showed in October. That’s the biggest decline over a 12-month period since the end of the Great Recession in 2009… Food costs have shrunk because of a global glut in farm products such as wheat, rice, soy and corn. Then there’s the effect of U.S. producers increasing the size of egg-laying chicken flocks and cattle herds, which has helped bring down the cost of eggs, beef and milk—egg prices alone have tumbled a staggering 50% in the last year.” 
The Bezzle: “Amazon.com Inc. could be in the crosshairs of Europe’s taxman” [ Wall Street Journal , “Europe’s Taxman Could Have Amazon in Its Crosshairs”]. “That could be material for Amazon, which operates on thin margins for a large tech company. In 2015, it reported $596 million in profit on $107 billion in revenue—a profit margin of 0.56%.” 
Currency: “Taking the nation by surprise, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday night announced demonetisation of Rs. 1000 and Rs. 500 notes with effect from midnight, making these notes invalid in a major assault on black money, fake currency and corruption” [ The Hindu ]. 
Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 29 Fear (previous close: 26, Fear) [ CNN ]. One week ago: 22 (Extreme Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Nov 8 at 11:22am. Mr. Market’s knuckles were white there, for a bit. 
Guillotine Watch 
“Amtrak boosts Wi-Fi speed on Acela Express” [ Progressive Railroading ]. Moar cowbell. 
News of the Wired 
“You Can Have Emotions You Don’t Feel” [ Nautil.us ]. 
“6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada” [ MarketWatch ]. 
* * * 
Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here . And here’s today’s plant: 
Because it’s all about the lettuce, right? 
Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate",0
7644,"What Could Unite a Larger Peace Movement? Oh, This!","Posted on November 4, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
In a time of division and disagreement, when people who all agree on something important sometimes spend more time bickering with each other than working on their collective cause, is it possible to craft an agenda that brings them together and adds to their numbers? 
It turns out, somewhat to my surprise, the answer is yes. 
I discovered this by creating a petition that has very quickly been endorsed by RootsAction, the Future of Freedom Foundation, World Beyond War, the Libertarian Institute, DailyKos, Black Vietnam Veterans of Atlanta, Progressive Democrats of America, Veterans For Peace Chicago Chapter, Nuclear Age Peace Foundation, Code Pink, Massachusetts Peace Action, Maryland United for Peace & Justice, Upstate Ground the Drones and End the Wars, Pax Christi Seed Planters, The War and Law League, Environmentalists Against War, the PDA Reno Chapter, Voters Occupy, Bryn Mawr Peace Coalition, Vietnam Echos, Spokane Veterans for Peace, Benedictines for Peace of Erie PA, Tyneside East Timor Solidarity, Palouse Peace Coalition, Helfenstein Soup Council, Timothy Dawkins El Project, Green Party of Collin County, Brian Boortz Public Relations, A Green Road, We The People for Democracy, Peaceworkers of San Francisco CA, Green Party of Spokane County, Montrose Peace Vigil, Ecumenical Peace Institute, Pax Christi Southern California, Veteran for Peace 72, Peaceful Skies, Granny Peace Brigade Philadelphia, The Clueit Foundation, Office of the Americas, Veterans For Peace of Western Pennsylvania, Presentation Sisters Justice Commission, Women Against War, Farmington Maine Friends Meeting, Secular Student Alliance at LaGuardia Community College, Faith & Social Justice Alliance Dayton Ohio, The Oracle Institute & Peace Pentagon HUB, Peace Action Maine, Mt. Diablo Peace and Justice Center, Northeast Philly for Peace & Justice, Citizens International, National Department of Peacebuilding Committee through the Peace, White Rabbit Grove RDNA, North American Climate Conservation and Environment, The Grey Nuns of the Sacred Heart, Colonie des Pionniers de Developpement, Malu ‘Aina Center for Nonviolent Education & Action, the Carpe Diem Voice, Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Corvallis, Mindfulness in Education, Brandywine Peace Community, Article V Convention for Our Children’s Future, and the Liberty Tree Foundation for the Democratic Revolution. 
Yes, some of those groups I’ve never heard of. A few of them may consist of three guys with misspelled signs who’ve been standing on a lonely street corner so long their town has planted bushes around them. But that’s sort of the point. A unifying effort should revive old organizations and give birth to new ones. It should also be uncomfortably large, bringing together people who want completely different policies on other issues but agree on this one. 
So, what is it that the above organizations and 17,241 individuals thus far agree on? This: 
Tell the next president: No more war! 
Please sign this petition to the 45th President of the United States: 
We call on you to end perpetual war by the United States Government. As signers of this petition, we commit ourselves to building nonviolent pressure to end continual U.S. warfare. We also reject our country’s bloated military spending and massive arms sales that make the USA the world’s leading arms trafficker by a huge margin. 
Sign as organization for which you are authorized to sign . 
Importantly, this is a statement to whoever becomes U.S. president next year. It might be someone you considered a lesser evil or a wonderful national leader. It might be someone you believed would adopt a peaceful policy without any public pressure required. Or it might be someone you recognized would require a massive movement to restrain them from destroying the earth. It doesn’t matter. You believe that representative government requires that people communicate how they want to be represented. You believe that peace is possible and preferable. You are in that strong majority of the U.S. public that believes the wars of the past 15 years have made us less safe, and you want to end them. 
Also importantly — for both better and worse — this petition avoids the details of any particular war. Once a particular war is mentioned, many people expect a petition to be fairly lengthy, to list all the causes of the war, to mention all the criminals and profiteers on every side of the war, to stipulate exact relative levels of blame for each party involved, and to advocate for particular policies aimed at establishing justice. Yes, some of that will be necessary work. But it is also critical that we confront the problem illustrated by the sheer number of U.S. wars now raging and by the evil industry of weapons dealing that fuels so many sides of so many wars around the world. 
If the U.S. and lesser arms dealers can be brought to abandon their deadly trade, if the wars can be ended and resisted, each in its turn, opportunities and resources will open up for positive approaches. But clearly the first two steps are (1) recognizing we have a problem, and (2) ceasing to make it worse. The panicked cries of two years ago to “Do something!” about ISIS (where “something” meant: bomb people) has predictably (and many of us did predict it) made everything worse. And the general public, not just the full-time activists, knows it . 
There will be new opportunities to expand this coalition post-election and post-inauguration. But we should not miss the opportunity to spread it and expand it and make it known now as a movement of nonpartisan principled advocacy for peace. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
7645,WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL : Chelsea Clinton Used Foundation CHARITY Money for Her LAVISH Wedding and “Life” – TruthFeed,"WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL : Chelsea Clinton Used Foundation CHARITY Money for Her LAVISH Wedding and “Life” WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL : Chelsea Clinton Used Foundation CHARITY Money for Her LAVISH Wedding and “Life” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 6, 2016 Here’s a BOMBSHELL! 
It looks like Hillary’s daughter Chelsea Clinton has used the Clinton Foundation to fund her “lavish wedding and life” for a DECADE. 
This stunning information comes from Doug Band the PRESIDENT of the Clinton Foundation. 
So, further PROOF that the Clintons have used that scandalous foundation to LINE THEIR OWN POCKETS. 
Sickening. ",0
7646,Mike Ditka Slams Obama - ’No Leadership at All’ - Breitbart,"During Thursday’s “The Bernie and Sid Show” on New York’s WABC Radio, legendary NFL coach and player Mike Ditka slammed former President Barack Obama, saying he lacked leadership.  “If [Trump] can possibly screw it up half as much as Obama, I’ll be surprised,” Ditka said. He added, “No leadership at all. None. Zero. Ditka went on to weigh in on San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest, calling him “unintelligent” for disrespecting the game that made him a public figure. “He doesn’t play for me ever again. Period,” Ditka said if one of his players knees for the national anthem. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
7647,"Jerry Boykin – Secretary Mattis: Focus on War-Fighting, Ditch the Social Engineering - Breitbart","The head of the United States Pacific Command, Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr. testified before the House of Representatives in late April that the threat posed by North Korea has grown sufficiently to endanger the Hawaiian Islands. All around the globe, serious national security problems are coming to the fore in places like Iran, Venezuela, Afghanistan, and the South China Sea. Yet, because of holdover personnel from the Obama administration, and damaging   policies remaining in place, our military continues flailing. [On June 30, 2016, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter announced that transgender service members would no longer be discharged from military service solely for being transgendered. Later, the Department of Defense (DOD) announced that as of July 1, 2017, transgender recruits would be accepted into the military. The DOD took these steps even though transgender personnel are likely to need medical, surgical, and psychological care that undermines their readiness for battle by rendering them  .  Acutely aware of the geopolitical problems we face, President Trump announced his intention to restore the strength of our military. Americans appreciated the priorities described by Secretary of Defense James Mattis during his confirmation hearing: mission readiness, command proficiency, and combat effectiveness. Unfortunately, the implementation of President Obama’s transgender policies did not consider the impact that “transitioning” personnel would have on military readiness and combat effectiveness. The arguments used by the Obama Administration to support its transgender policy changes stemmed from a few politically correct reports produced by   LGBT activist organizations. The first “study” was released in August 2013 by the   Williams Institute in partnership with the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. The next March, a private,   “Transgender Military Service Commission,” headed by Surgeon General Jocelyn Elders, released a report through the   think tank, the Palm Center. These two private studies and the various government reports and directives that followed have not focused on how the new transgender policies will affect military readiness and   effectiveness  —   the core function of the armed forces. Nor were these policy changes mandated by the Congress.  Rather, they were driven by bureaucratic reinterpretations of existing law. Given the magnitude of these changes, it would seem wise to halt the process and seek congressional guidance and statutory language. In fact, just before the DOD issued the transgender policy change, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services refused to provide national coverage for gender reassignment surgery citing insufficient studies about the health outcomes of such surgeries and small sample sizes in the studies that have been conducted. However, DOD is now requiring taxpayers to foot the bill for gender reassignment surgery, with no benefit to the taxpayer or the military. If implemented as planned, these transgender policies will require our military to assume the risks of recruiting and retaining persons who may require   medical treatment. Such procedures and physical changes often produce uncertain results associated with higher rates of depression and suicide. “Transitioning” service members require that the government bear the cost of hormone treatments, surgery, and   care. This creates a tremendous incentive for individuals to join the military in order to receive the costly medical procedures associated with “transitioning,” since transgender individuals cannot be excluded from joining. And it’s difficult to see how any person undergoing this process would be deployable and  . What’s more, the time taken away from commanders’   duties while they take on the responsibilities of medical case workers is significant.  It’s unfair to expect them to be judged on their ability to oversee   cases like these. We do welcome the Pentagon’s recent nullification of an October 2016 directive imposing “ ” shower and bathroom guidelines on all DOD schools. But continuing implementation of Obama’s transgender policies ignores the   concerns of women who do not want to be exposed to individuals of the opposite sex in facilities which offer minimal privacy.  This is a particular problem when the incidence of rape in the military is so severe. I received a letter from a known but confidential source in the naval service who asked me to inform the command structure in Washington about the damaging effects of these policies: As part of the policy, CO’s must facilitate the requests of individuals for transgender treatment (surgery,   therapy, etc.)  …    .  [O]nce the service member is considered “stable” in their preferred gender, and their “gender marker” is changed in a DoD database, they must be accommodated in the berthing and bathroom facilities of their preferred gender regardless of whether they still possess their opposite sex anatomy!  (And most are expected to do so).  Given the close living quarters that most military members have to share, this is particularly distressing to many of us, especially women. These policies will ultimately undermine recruitment and retention. Secretary Mattis must consider the many complex ramifications of these   policies that remain in effect. The DOD and the Congress need to ensure the priorities of the U. S. armed forces remain those that the Secretary has outlined:  mission readiness, command proficiency, and combat effectiveness.  Holdover personnel from the Obama Administration need to focus on these new priorities, and not on the last Administration’s social engineering projects that ignore military readiness. Lt. Gen. (Ret.) William G. “Jerry” Boykin serves as Family Research Council’s executive vice president. He spent 36 years in the Army, serving his last four years as deputy undersecretary for intelligence in the Department of Defense.",0
7648,Emmy-Winning Actor Bill Paxton Dead at 61,"Actor Bill Paxton died Saturday due to complications from surgery, according to multiple media reports. He was 61. [A representative for the Paxton family confirmed his passing in a statement:  “It is with heavy hearts we share the news that Bill Paxton has passed away due to complications from surgery. A loving husband and father, Bill began his career in Hollywood working on films in the art department and went on to have an illustrious career spanning four decades as a beloved and prolific actor and filmmaker. Bill’s passion for the arts was felt by all who knew him, and his warmth and tireless energy were undeniable. We ask to please respect the family’s wish for privacy as they mourn the loss of their adored husband and father. ” Paxton played roles in some major hit films in the 1980s and 90s, including The Terminator, Aliens, Tombstone, True Lies, Apollo 13, Twister and Titanic. He was nominated three times for Golden Globes for his lead role on the HBO series Big Love, and won an Emmy for the historical miniseries Hatfields and McCoys. He was playing one of the leads in the CBS police drama Training Day at the time of his death. The actor leaves behind two children, James and Lydia Paxton, and wife Louise Newbury.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
7649,Why Is Penn State Celebrating Joe Paterno? - The New York Times,"STATE COLLEGE, Pa.  —   Before Lauren Davis finished writing her editorial about Joe Paterno for The Daily Collegian, Penn State’s   newspaper, she braced for the response. The piece she wrote, an editorial reflecting the opinion of about a dozen editors at the paper, said the university “needed a reality check” after it announced plans to commemorate Paterno at the Penn   football game Saturday, when it will host a celebration of his first game as coach of the Nittany Lions, 50 years earlier. Davis, the opinions editor, wrote that it’s not the right time or the right way to honor Paterno when current students associate him with Jerry Sandusky, a longtime assistant coach who was found to be a serial child molester. “This is our Penn State. It is a Penn State without Joe Paterno,” she wrote, adding, “Those of us here now are beyond ready to move on. ” Davis, a junior from Lancaster, Pa. received hundreds of emails and online reader comments  —   most of them negative, and many that appeared to have been written by alumni. She was called a “clueless treacherous traitor” and told to resign from the paper or transfer to another university. She was accused of hating her university and hating football, and knowing nothing about Penn State history. She was called an idiot  —   by a teaching assistant at a Catholic school, no less  —   and other words that I can’t use here. One man wrote, “I hope God can forgive you for your actions, I sure the hell can’t. ” The vitriol threw Davis off, especially because so many of the attacks, including personal ones, came from graduates from the 1950s, ’60s and ’70s. This wasn’t educated debate. It was parents and grandparents with pitchforks decrying Davis’s and the newspaper’s thoughtful opinion  —   all to protect a man who may have enabled Sandusky’s crimes by not acting to stop them. Testimony in one lawsuit claimed that Paterno was told as far back as 1976 that Sandusky was abusing a child. It was groupthink at its worst: typical blind allegiance of college sports fans, who so often toss aside reason in the name of   sports at their alma mater. Penn State’s decision to honor Paterno is a manifestation of that. “You’re bringing up this man who is legendary for what he did for this university, but for good, bad or worse, he is tied to the whole Sandusky situation,” Davis told me. “You can’t remove him from either sphere, so that puts him in this middle ground. What bothers me the most is that there was no universitywide conversation about how to handle this  —   whether to honor him, or when. ” Considering how quietly Penn State announced Saturday’s Paterno day, the university’s officials must have known it wasn’t a great idea. On Sept. 1, in a news release about this year’s football promotions, it listed Sept. 17 as the game when fans wear either blue or white, depending on their seating section, to “create a stripe effect” in the stadium. And, oh, by the way, there will be a ceremony celebrating Paterno’s first game, too. It’s the first time he will be publicly honored since he was fired. University officials declined my request to discuss the decision. They’re eager to prop up Paterno on Saturday, but they don’t really want to talk about it. Understandable. If I were planning to celebrate someone who was accused of standing by as dozens of children were sexually abused, I wouldn’t want to say much, either. The university did give me a statement from Sandy Barbour, the athletic director, saying that Saturday’s ceremony would focus on Paterno’s commitment to   and academics. Two players from the 1966 game would toss the game coin. There would be a video presentation. How fans will react to the ceremony, or if there will be any protests, nobody is sure. For last week’s game at Pitt, some Pitt fans wore “Joe Knew”  . Some students and community members here have compartmentalized their feelings, which is probably easier for ardent football fans than for the abuse victims and their families. “We felt betrayed by what happened with Sandusky and the whole situation, but I think to celebrate Joe’s football career and nothing else seems O. K. to me,” said Tom Rodgers, 55, a laboratory equipment salesman who also works checking in ushers at football games. On Thursday, Rodgers, who lives in nearby Hollidaysburg, and several   stopped to look at a large mural of Penn State and community leaders on the side of the university bookstore downtown. Sandusky’s image was gone. Paterno’s was there, with a halo above his head. Inside the bookstore, there is a cache of Paterno memorabilia tucked into a corner. A   cardboard Paterno sells for $42. 99. One display showed   with 409 on the front, a nod to Paterno’s 409 victories, which put him on top of the   wins list. The N. C. A. A. had wiped away 111 of those victories because of the child abuse scandal, but reinstated them last year. Some alumni don’t want to hear this, but the universal adoration of Paterno here is a thing of the past. Most of these undergraduates arrived after Paterno died of lung cancer in 2012, at 85. Some students are familiar with his name mostly because it’s on one of the university libraries. One young woman who was scooping the controversial “Peachy Paterno” ice cream in the   Berkey Creamery said the flavor was one of the originals. (Impossible: The creamery celebrated its 150th anniversary last year.) Football is still king here, though. More than a dozen tents were pitched outside the    Beaver Stadium on Thursday, not far from the grassy hill that was created to hide the spot where Paterno’s statue stood before it was taken down in 2012. Students were camping out to claim great seats at Saturday’s game. Patrick Shelton, a freshman, was there with his fellow freshman John Peregrim. Shelton is fine with commemorating Paterno. Peregrim says it insults Sandusky’s victims. “We actually talked about this in my rhetoric class,” Shelton said. “About half of the class said it was O. K. to honor him, the other half said it was wrong. I’d say the campus is pretty much split down the middle. ” Davis will also be at Saturday’s game. She wouldn’t miss it. Though she has been accused of having no allegiance to Penn State, she comes from a Penn State family. Her father, her grandfather and two uncles are alumni. But her Penn State experience is nothing like her family’s, she said. The outside perception of the university is so much different, the perception of Paterno is different. Last summer, for example, she was on a trip in North Carolina and someone noticed her Penn State  . They yelled, “How’s Sandusky?” Embarrassing. Just like the reaction to her editorial. Just like Penn State’s inexplicable decision to publicly cheer for a coach only five years after he was fired amid a child abuse scandal, as the facts of the case are still unfolding.",0
7651,"Ben Leubsdorf, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?","Ben Leubsdorf, ARE YOU KIDDING ME? By Lee Adler.   A well known sports talk show host’s trademark is screaming, “ARE YOU KIDDING ME?” Yesterday’s Wall Street Journal headline on Industrial Production fits into that niche. Ben Leubsdorf, “ARE YOU KIDDING ME?”  ",0
7652,Дай миллион! Я телевизор посмотрел…,"Дай миллион! Я телевизор посмотрел… 18 ноября 2016 Общество 
Американская традиция подавать иски на миллион против крупных корпораций и СМИ, похоже, становится частью российской действительности. Об этом свидетельствует иск москвича Р.Масленникова, который подал в суд не на какое-нибудь бистро или районную многотиражку, а на телецентр “Останкино”, и требует, как водится, миллион (правда, в рублях). 
Именно в такую сумму Масленников оценивает невыносимые терзания, которые он испытывает перед телеэкраном. Началась жуткая история, достойная самого Стивена Кинга, несколько лет назад, когда Масленников забыл или не смог посмотреть телевизор. В тот же день у него резко ухудшились аппетит и настроение. Ладно бы что-нибудь одно, а так и бутерброд не полез в рот, и небо перестало сверкать алмазами. Встревоженный телезритель начал наблюдения за собственным организмом и обнаружил, что опасные симптомы, свидетельствующие, по его мнению, о нарушении обмена веществ, появляются только в те дни, когда он не посмотрит телевизор хотя бы полчаса. 
Пришлось, спасая организм и обмен веществ, ежедневно по два часа проводить перед экраном, созерцая все подряд — сериалы, ток-шоу, новости, рекламные ролики и прочую телепродукцию. Не хотел, терзался — а смотрел, ибо чего для здоровья не сделаешь! Но чем дольше Масленников предавался просмотру, тем хуже ему становилось. Аппетит вроде восстановился, но начались провалы в памяти. Дошло до того, что истец не мог вспомнить на следующий день ни содержание просмотренных телепередач, ни свои действия. Происходящее с ним (а заодно, надобно полагать, с миллионами телезрителей) истец охарактеризовал как «отупление населения» и потребовал от «Останкино» расплаты. 
От иска Масленникова осталось бы впечатление обычного курьеза или, самое большее, неумелой попытки самопиара,   Увы, на телевидении преобладает развлекательная продукция, рассчитанная на самые невзыскательные вкусы. Не сеет оно “доброе, разумное, вечное”, зато для любителей скандальных шоу, при виде которых вспоминается пьеса Горького “На дне”, раздолье. Так что чем бы ни был вызван “крик души” москвича, он – пусть и в трагикомической форме – затрагивает достаточно серьезную социальную проблему. Вот только как ее решать? Если превратить все телеканалы в клоны “Культуры”, то будет не один иск, а тысячи. Суды завалят исками поклонники “Пусть говорят” и “Дома-2” с жалобами, что их насильно “окультурили” и они не смогут ни есть, ни радоваться жизни, пока им не выплатят миллион. Каждому. В качестве моральной компенсации за навязанную духовность.",0
7653,A History of Air Disasters Involving Sports Teams - The New York Times,"Plane crashes can be uniquely devastating when a sports team is involved. That sense of loss was felt deeply in Brazil on Tuesday, a day after members of the soccer club Chapecoense were killed when a chartered plane carrying the team crashed on the outskirts of Medellín, Colombia. Here are some other crashes that involved sports teams around the world. A Fiat airplane carrying 31 people slammed into a mountain peak outside Turin, Italy, on May 4, killing 22 members of Torino, the soccer club that carries the name of the city. The crash convulsed the country and the city, the capital of the Piedmont region in northern Italy. The team had been regarded as one of the best of its era. The crash was considered one of the worst tragedies in the history of Italian sports. The psychological effects on Italian soccer were felt so strongly that a book detailing the crash was called “The Day Italian Football Died. ” On Feb. 6, a plane carrying the Manchester United team crashed as it was taking off from Munich’s airport. Of the 44 people aboard, 23 died, including eight players and eight journalists. To commemorate the loss, a clock at Old Trafford stadium in Manchester was kept frozen at 3:04 p. m. the time of the crash. The crash would play a role in cementing Manchester United’s status, as the club rebounded and   as a dominant force in English soccer. The team, under the stewardship of Matt Busby, had won league titles in 1956 and 1957 with a young squad. The average age of the players was 24, earning them the nickname “the Busby Babes. ” The   team was on its way to the World Figure Skating Championships in Prague on Feb. 15 when the Sabena plane it was aboard plunged into a field in Belgium. The entire team was killed. The victims included Laurence Owen, 16, who had won the women’s title at the United States Figure Skating Championships about a month earlier. The crash deprived the American team of its most glittering talent, and it took years for it to recover. A Southern Airways   flying on Nov. 14 toward   Airport in West Virginia, hit the tops of pine trees, crashed into a mountainside and exploded. There were no survivors among the 75 people on board, and the crash amounted to the worst disaster involving an American sports team:   members of the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team were killed. The crash nearly prompted the university, in Huntington, W. Va. to discontinue its football program. The town was plunged into mourning, and it took weeks to hold all the funerals. The crash was the subject of a 2006 film, “We Are Marshall. ” An Uruguayan Air Force charter plane carrying 45 people, most of them members of the Old Christians rugby club and their supporters, crashed on Oct. 13 high in the Andes Mountains of Argentina, setting into motion one of the 20th century’s most harrowing stories of survival. Stranded at an altitude of more than 11, 000 feet in frigid conditions, 16 passengers were ultimately rescued 72 days after the crash, having survived by cannibalizing the frozen bodies of fellow passengers.   people survived the crash and their injuries in the first several days. Of the initial survivors, eight were killed by an avalanche while sleeping in the plane’s fuselage more than two weeks after the crash. The last 16 people were rescued after two of the team’s players trekked for 10 days looking for help. Many of the team’s members were university students who played for the Old Christians, the alumni team of the high school they had attended in Montevideo, Uruguay. The plane was flying between Montevideo and Santiago, Chile. The survivors’ story inspired the book “Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors,” by Piers Paul Read, and the 1993 film “Alive. ” A chartered   carrying 31 people, including the basketball team from the University of Evansville in Indiana, crashed and burned on Dec. 13 after taking off in heavy fog and rain. Among the dead were all of the team’s players and its coach, Bobby Watson, who had been in his first year with the team. The victims are commemorated with a statue called the “Weeping Basketball” in the Memorial Plaza at the university. “It was as great a tragedy for the city as it was for the university,” said Wallace Graves, the university president at the time. “Every bit as great. Basketball was the most prominent event in the city. ” A Navy plane carrying Peru’s   soccer team Alianza Lima plunged into the Pacific Ocean on Dec. 8, killing 16 players and the team’s coach. The plane was returning to the capital from a game in Pucallpa, a jungle city 355 miles northeast, where Alianza had moved into first place with a   victory. Even though Alianza was all but destroyed in the crash, the club forged ahead with the rest of the season, emboldened by players who came out of retirement to help fill the ranks. Zambia’s national team traveled to Dakar on April 27 to play Senegal in a match to qualify for the World Cup. The plane never arrived. It crashed over the Atlantic after refueling in Libreville, the capital of Gabon. Eighteen players and five officials from the team were killed. The country and the team were forced to grapple with the loss of life, along with the gaping hole left in Zambian soccer. In 2012, Zambia won the Africa Cup of Nations in Libreville, a moment of resilience that was dedicated to those who had lost their lives. A Russian airliner chartered by one of the country’s elite hockey teams, Yaroslavl Lokomotiv, crashed during takeoff on Sept. 7 near the city of Yaroslavl, killing all but two of the 45 people on board, including 27 players, two coaches and seven club officials. Lokomotiv was a   Russian champion. The crash not only represented a huge setback for Russian hockey but also drew attention to Russia’s history of air safety problems. The crash resonated around the globe. The victims included Brad McCrimmon, a Canadian coach Pavol Demitra, the captain of the Slovak national team and Jan Marek, Karel Rachunek and Josef Vasicek, three members of the Czech national team.",0
7654,Living Through the Death of Capitalism,"Living Through the Death of Capitalism Feeling my unborn child as I ponder the death of an economic system By Joe Brewer / medium.com Now is the time to hold strong to our humanity. The world is changing quickly and much is at stake. It is even possible that our entire global civilization will collapse in our lifetime. This is a very difficult concept to sit with — yet sit with it we must, for now is a time of great consequences. A four hundred year old economic system is dying. We can feel the pain all around us. It shivers in the outstretched hands of the homeless. Gets expressed as death rattles in the species going extinct on a daily basis. Entire societies have tattered the social fabric of trust as inequality skyrocketed in the last few decades. It is experienced as fear, anger, sadness, humiliation, shame, and despair. Every person alive today has a responsibility to bear witness, provide hospice care to the dying, and participate in midwifing new ways to structure social life. This is our burden to be alive in the early part of the 21st Century. Yet so many among us are still behaving like children. They call each other names. Pick fights between parochial tribal groups. Bitch and moan when things don’t go their way. And hoard precious wealth in a time of increasing global scarcity. Now is the time to behave like grownups. Because the threats now upon us are very serious. I say this as a man who is about to become a father. My wife and I chose — with eyes wide open — to bring a child into this world in the midst of great upheaval. We believe deeply and firmly in humanity and are investing our blood in the future. This is not something we do lightly. It is a great responsibility to continue the human race even as billions starve and there now lurks a very real possibility that our child will live through the collapse of the Earth’s first globalized civilization. This unborn child has prospects to live into the 22nd Century. What will be seen through their eyes? Will there be a saga of unraveling the biosphere for our precious home planet? Might the death throes of capitalism take down the safety nets of a stable climate? Will our child bear witness to the final days of humanity? We cannot say even how long his or her survival will be secure. Yet we carry forth knowing what must be done. Humanity is in the crucible of change now. It is an all-hands-on-deck transition — away from life destroying economic practices based on wealth hoarding and extraction and toward life affirming practices of regeneration and renewal. Let me state this seriously and succinctly. According to the Stockholm Resilience Institute, there are nine “planetary boundaries” that represent thresholds for a viable global civilization. Cross even one and the entire edifice will fall into ruin. While there remains uncertainty about where these thresholds are, the best scientific evidence available today tells us that we have probably already crossed four of them. We are currently in overshoot and collapse . There are time lags in the system so the unraveling may not happen until the middle of this century. Instead of thinking about putting our child through college in 20 years, we must grapple with scenarios of tremendous upheaval and disruption. They will need to be a survivalist and servant to others in need. Notions of stable careers and long-term planning may never be a possibility in this child’s life. I write these words not out of despair, but as an affirmation of the most rugged hopefulness I can muster. I was trained in climate science and I know what is coming. I have studied the rise and fall of empires so I am aware that fascist dictators and resource wars are likely to arise in the turmoil of the coming decades. Yet still I gently touch the swollen belly of my wife and feel our baby kicking and turning in her womb. I have felt the heartbeat of a new life and will do all I can to ensure that humanity makes it through to the other side. This is what it feels like to live through the death of capitalism. Eyes wide open even if tears may well up in them. I look to the horizon where shimmers of beautiful alternatives await. It doesn’t have to be like this. We can do better. We must do better. In truth, there are already hundreds of millions of people actively struggling against the wealth extracting juggernaut that is Western development — expressed as colonialism in early years, then later in the various forms of trade agreements, structural debt repayment programs, illicit resource wars fueled by propaganda, and the full apparatus of wealth extraction that is in place today. We needn’t wonder why a mere 60 people have the same aggregate wealth as 4 billion. This is an outcome designed into the core logic of extraction that arises when private owners extract rents (what is commonly called profits) from the valuable labor of other people. It only took four hundred years for this system to run itself out. What no one could have predicted then was that the human population would explode and our fingerprints on the Earth would grow from tiny scratches here and there to deep scars that can be viewed from space. This is our legacy as a species right now. It is the bed we have prepared for our own children and grandchildren to lie down in. And it is our responsibility to carry through the dark times we are now in so that future generations can thrive in whatever ways make sense to them. I am with you, fellow humans. I believe in us. Let us not fall into despair or acquiesce as extremism rears its ugly head around the world — as it did recently in the United States . For it will be the beacons of light we carry that will show others the way forward. For my part, I am working with social movements to connect the dots of wealth extraction and training change makers in the art and science of intentional social change. I have seen with my own eyes that millions of peasant farmers are organizing across Latin America and India; students are protesting outrageous debt in Mexico, Greece, and Spain; indigenous peoples are coming together across the North American continent to protect their sacred lands. We are gathering our strength for the collective transition. Of the 7.4 billion humans alive today, several hundred million are already organizing to drive the system to change. There is much to be hopeful about in this struggle. We each have a role to play. And time is of the essence. Onward, fellow humans. Want to support Joe Brewer's work? Make a contribution here . 4.3 ·",0
7655,Transporting the Dead: A Booming but Lightly Regulated Industry - The New York Times,"Even when the dead bodies Zachary Smeltz lifts for a living are hefty, he makes sure to handle even the burliest corpse in a gentle manner, masking any exertion. “Treat every case like that’s your mom that you’re transferring,” is the motto Mr. Smeltz imparts on the staff of the mortuary transport business he owns that sends him all over New Jersey and Pennsylvania and to other locales, picking up bodies. Mr. Smeltz is part of an unusual niche in the labor market: He is among a proliferating group of independent entrepreneurs capitalizing on the need to collect the dead from houses, hospitals, morgues and accident scenes. It is a   link in the chain of      that is growing as places like funeral homes and hospices as well as governments cut their budgets and increasingly outsource the transport of the dead. A   suit unfolding in California has opened a window onto this often lightly regulated industry: Charons of the highway, who shuttle corpses from one place to another. While in some places, like New York, such work must be carried out under the auspices of licensed funeral directors, in others, like New Jersey and Pennsylvania, private contractors without any special permits may pick up bodies. These   services require little more than a driver’s license, a strong stomach and a willingness to be ready to go at a moment’s notice. “There are no holidays in the business,” said Mr. Smeltz, 31, who owns Smeltz’s Mortuary Transportation Company in Lykens, Pa. “There is no banker’s hours on death. ” When it comes to transporting the dead, most people think of a black hearse, with its tinted, curtained windows, ferrying loved ones to their final rest. But before that last, dignified drive, bodies may move far more times  —   from a deathbed to a coroner’s office to a funeral home. In this barely noticed process, the mode of choice is often a nondescript van. In California, a group of drivers has filed suit against their employer, saying they received little training and were forced to remain on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, using vans they were required to provide and retrofit with a gurney. The drivers said they even had to provide their own body bags. “This lawsuit is important, but litigation is often a temporary fix,” Peter Rukin, a lawyer representing the workers, said. “I would ultimately like to see   state regulation ensuring that workers who perform removals for county coroners’ offices and the private funeral industry receive appropriate labor and health and safety protections. ” Though it is a shadowy and sometimes controversial industry, funeral directors and those who operate the body transport companies say state and local governments are increasingly turning to private contractors as a   measure. George R. Kelder, the executive director of the New Jersey State Funeral Directors Association, argued that the business did not require special certification. “I am not certain that the mere transport of remains requires a license or a registration,” he said. “I think that would add an expense. ” And yet, he acknowledged, without licensing mandates, it is impossible to ensure drivers get essential training, including about how to protect themselves from pathogens. “Just like the police and first responders, they have to be trained in personal protection,” Mr. Kelder said. “It’s not merely lifting up the weight. ” Others in the funeral industry contend the body transport business should be more strictly regulated. “There are some states you don’t even have to be a funeral director,” said Scott M. Schmidt, the president of the New York State Association of County Coroners and Medical Examiners. “You just hang a shingle on a wall and you’re an undertaker all of a sudden. ” Rules regarding who may transport remains are set on a state level and vary widely, so determining how many require special certification for drivers of remains is difficult. New York State has some of the stricter requirements: Generally, the only people allowed to transport bodies are licensed funeral directors or someone designated by a coroner or a medical examiner. In New York City, the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner has dedicated drivers to collect bodies, according to a spokeswoman. The purpose of New York’s stringent regulation, Mr. Schmidt said, is “so you’re not sending out Joe the Plumber to pick up Grandma at the nursing home. ” Curtis Johnson, 63, was a butcher before he became a body transporter in 2012 for Serenity Transportation, a company based in California that employs over 70 drivers, and is a defendant in the lawsuit. California is among the states that do not require drivers to be specially certified to transport human remains. Shifts for drivers often begin with a text message of a location. “It’s like a firefighter, you jump up, throw your clothes on and you go,” said Mr. Johnson, who says he received rudimentary training on manipulating a body, but no other instruction such as counseling for the difficult situations that are endemic to the job. “Sometimes people get angry at you,” he said. “You’re taking their loved one away. They are very stoic, they are very together, and as soon as you start to move that body, they fall apart. ” Jeff Hubins, a lawyer defending Serenity, said that the drivers were correctly classified as independent contractors and therefore properly compensated. Michael Neel runs First Call Care, a transport company based in Monmouth County, N. J. Though the state does not require certification to transport bodies, Mr. Neel is a licensed funeral director, a designation that he feels gives him a competitive edge. He has about dozen clients for whom he picks up bodies in a van that he also uses for chores like grocery shopping. “With the economy and everything, funeral homes and other places are not hiring full time,” he said. “This gives them the opportunity to call me when they need me and they can save money that way. ” But even some drivers who work for licensed funeral directors, like Kevin S. Courtney, 50, a driver in Clarksburg, W. Va. who drove for a funeral home, said the business could sometimes feel crude. His job interview consisted of one question: Did he have a driver’s license? “It seems to me that there’s probably not a lot of people rushing to take this job, just because of the whole ick factor,” he said. He quit after just a month in 2012, believing it was undignified. “I thought there would be this beautiful   vehicle, all velvet in the back,” he said. “It was a van that if it drove through my neighborhood I’d maybe call the police. ” Mr. Smeltz, the driver from Pennsylvania, transports bodies in a Dodge Caravan. The manner, not the mode, is what matters, he says. “You don’t stop at the hardware store with a body in the back to get something,” he said. “Whether it’s a hearse or a van or a Suburban, it’s still the way you treat that person from Point A to Point B. ”",0
7656,Daniel Prophecy Discovered,"Tuesday, 1 November 2016 He cometh...Bit by Bit. 
Archaeologists worldwide are excited at the recent find in Jerusalem of what is believed to be the last prophecy of the prophet Daniel. It reads as follows: Last Prophecy of Daniel 
And behold in the last days men shall gaze onto glowing boxes and be befuddled. They shall sit in crowded places and stare onto tablets and talk onto themselves and laugh even as harlots after a busy weekend. They shall be confused as to their nature and their private parts and doubt the innocence of their attractions to one another. 
Men shall seek to beget children by men and women seek likewise to beget their own flesh from their own flesh. They shall believe all that they read and are told without question and be unable to discern between dream and reality. 
They shall be as one, sleep-walking, knowing not whence they come or where they goest and yet all shall be of one mind. And that one mind shall worship and obey the Evil One that will be the mind's embodiment.... the Lord of Power and celebrity ... Lucifer . 
So let it be said. So shall it be and when ye see these things happen know that the end is nigh. Make Auntie Matter's  ",0
7657,Thieves With Discriminating Taste Steal Sable Furs From New York Shop - The New York Times,"The first burglar heaved a large rock or paving stone through the glass door of a Manhattan boutique. It was before 5 a. m. on Christmas Eve at the Dennis Basso store on Madison Avenue, home to some of the world’s most expensive fur coats. The thieves, three discriminating speed shoppers who skipped the merely pricey, got what they came for: They stole millions of dollars’ worth of sable coats, some valued as high as $200, 000. In a section of the East Side chockablock with jewelers and clothiers that cater to movie stars, socialites and other habitués of the retail stratosphere, shootings and stabbings may be exceedingly rare. But the area is not immune to audacious thievery: In 2014,    bandits stole  $700, 000 in watches from a Cartier shop on Fifth Avenue. The police said they had not identified any suspects in the Basso   but the men’s escapades were captured on surveillance video that should give investigators a good start. At the shop, near the corner of 69th Street, the thieves’ headlong style seemed to offend nearly as much as the theft itself. “For someone to throw a square of granite and to run through, pushing his head through that hole in the glass, who would do that?” Achilleas Georgiades, an executive at the store, said Monday. “This is Madison Avenue. It’s civilized. ” The video shows the men rushing in as shards of glass shower them and a heavy metal beam tumbles down. One man, apparently hit by falling debris, holds his hand to his head. The burglars leave mink scarves and jackets on racks. One drops an armful of coats on the floor, pulls a bag from his jacket and crams it full of loot. “They took only the sable coats they took nothing else,” Dennis Basso, the owner, said by phone from Aspen, Colo. The fur of a sable, a small, minklike mammal native to Siberia and other cold places, fetches high prices, Mr. Basso said, adding, “It’s very lightweight and very warm and extremely luxurious, and that’s really the key. ” Mr. Georgiades said he did not recognize the men in the video, but he was sure of one thing: “They know a lot about furs. ” Detectives from the 19th Precinct on the Upper East Side are leading the investigation, a police spokesman said. More than 20 pieces were stolen, Mr. Georgiades said. The store is still tallying its losses. Mr. Basso, 62, who has been a furrier to the famous for decades, said he had never been burglarized before. He moved his operation to its current   location in 2013 after diversifying into other merchandise, but fur remains his claim to fame. Mr. Basso told The New York Post the theft “could be the largest fur heist in the City of New York. ” While there was no way to confirm that, it certainly seems to be one of the bigger ones. In 1991, charges were filed against a   team in the gunpoint robbery of hundreds of furs, worth at least $1 million, over the course of months. The thefts forced some underinsured Manhattan furriers out of business. In 1950, when there was a   section of the garment district, two   executives and a driver for another company were charged in a scheme that diverted more than $1 million in furs, worth $10 million in today’s dollars, to the executives’ company. At the Basso store, Mr. Georgiades said he had seen a suspicious character not too long ago and now wondered if the man had been looking over the store. “I have an idea of a guy who came in and scoped the place,” he said.",0
7658,NATO declares full combat readiness because of conflict with Russia,"NATO declares full combat readiness because of conflict with Russia   AP photo NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that against the backdrop of growing tensions in relations with Russia , hundreds of thousands of NATO troops would be brought to a higher readiness. To restrain the ""Russian aggression,"" the alliance intends to prepare an impressive amount of ground troops, although Stoltenberg did not specify the exact number of the troops. According to the UK permanent representative to NATO Adam Thomson, the alliance seeks to speed up the response time of 300,000 servicemen from 180 days to two months. Residents of NATO countries do not want a military conflict with Russia , nor are they ready to deal with it, a poll conducted by Pew Research Center said. The survey found that residents of several NATO member states were not ready to come into a military conflict with Russia, even if she attacked one of the alliance members, RT reports. According to the poll, 53% of French, 51% of Italian and 58% of German residents are ready to sacrifice the principle of collective security. At the same time, one can hear NATO officials saying the mantra about the unity within the alliance. The main purpose for the existence of NATO is collective defense. If one member of the alliance is attacked, others are supposed to come to its rescue. According to the poll, however, 53% of French respondents did not support the idea of ​​the country's defense (51% share the same point of view in Italy and 58% - in Germany). The poll was conducted in eight countries of the alliance, but only in two of them - the USA and Canada - the majority of respondents supported the idea of using military force. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru How Russia-NATO war comes out",0
7659,Twitter has been looking into the future: read the best 16 predictions,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Twitter has been looking into the future: read the best 16 predictions Predictions are notoriously unreliable, even when they’re backed up by expert knowledge and thorough research. It’s fair to say that the good people of Twitter have used neither of these but they’ve still come up with some startling visions of the future. 
Here are the best 16 tweets. 1. The year is 2017, Marmite is the UK's official currency, old people are burned as fuel, an evil clown is PM, Brexit still means Brexit. 
— Mitten d'Amour (@MittenDAmour) October 12, 2016 2. The year is 2018. Facebook is just one long clip of James O'Brien talking to some Leave-voting idiot and hammering his head on the desk. 
— Alan White (@aljwhite) October 13, 2016 3. The year is 2020. 
A Buzzfeed article titled ""President Trump's Wars Summarised In 13 AMAZING Cat GIFs"" wins the Pulitzer Prize. 
— Dai Lama (@WelshDalaiLama) September 27, 2016 4.",0
7660,CNN Chief Jeff Zucker: ‘Shameful’ Trump Endangering MSM Reporters - Breitbart,"CNN chief Jeff Zucker blamed President Donald Trump for endangering reporters in the legacy media.  According to an Associated Press report, Zucker said “the level of threats faced by his journalists is more serious than people realize,” and “he lays the blame squarely at the feet of” Trump and “other politicians he says try to delegitimize the press. ” Zucker reportedly spoke about the   chants at Trump’s rallies and a Guardian reporter being   by   Montana House candidate Greg Gianforte, who won his race a day after   the   reporter. “This is what happens when you try to delegitimize an institution that is trying to do its job,” Zucker reportedly said on Thursday. “It is shameful on the part of the administration and other politicians to cause a frenzy against something that is guaranteed in the Constitution of the United States. It does a disservice to this country and its position in the world and allows a heightened sense of rhetoric against journalists and media organizations. ” Zucker reportedly added that it is “unconscionable and dangerous and they should know better. ” He made his remarks the morning after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) was shot on a baseball diamond by someone who hated Trump and Republicans. Those associated with CNN have spewed some of the most vicious vile at Trump and his supporters since Trump entered the White House. CNN had to fire Kathy Griffin after she posed with a bloodied severed head of Trump. The network also cut ties with Reza Aslan after he called Trump a “piece of shit. ” The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2017,  Last week, CNN whined after Trump’s White House relegated the network to the “Siberia” section in the Rose Garden for Trump’s joint press conference with Romania’s president. “We were in the equivalent of Siberia, no pun intended, when it comes to where we were seated,” CNN’s Jim Acosta said. “That could be seen as an oversight on the part of the White House staff but it could also be seen as retaliation over the reporting we’re doing over here at CNN. ” A Media Research Center report found that on May 12, CNN had a whopping 96   guests compared to just seven   guests during 20 hours of programming.",0
7661,The Clinton Crime Family. “Hillary is the Most Dangerous Presidential Aspirant in US History”,"  The Clinton Crime Family. “Hillary is the Most Dangerous Presidential Aspirant in US History” By VNN on October 30, 2016 Hillary is the most recklessly dangerous presidential aspirant in US history, 
by Stephen Lendman 
The Bill and Hillary crime family long ago should have been held accountable for high crimes against peace and numerous others. Hillary is the most recklessly dangerous presidential aspirant in US history, supporting endless imperial wars and state terror, once saying “(w)hat do we have NATO for if not to defend our way of life.” There was never a war Hillary did not support – Crimes against Humanity She endorses first-strike nuclear weapons use, calling them peacekeeping deterrents, mindless of their power to destroy life on earth. She’s militantly anti-Russia, earlier compared the nation to Nazi Germany, Putin to Hitler, claiming “he doesn’t have a soul,” has revanchist aims, wanting Russian greatness restored – all of the above a perversion of truth, not to mention a pretext to wage war on Russia. The so-called Clinton Foundation is a suspected criminal enterprise, masquerading as a charitable NGO. It promotes Big Lies about “improving global health, increasing opportunity for women and girls, reducing childhood obesity and preventable diseases, (as well as) creating economic opportunity and growth…” Film producer Frank Huguenard believes Hillary Clinton faces impending federal racketeering charges under the 1970 Racketeering Influence and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO). Enacted to fight organized and white collar crime, racketeering is defined to include fraud, bribery, money laundering, embezzlement, drugs trafficking, murder, and various other offenses under the Federal criminal code (Title 18), even acts of terrorism. According to Huguenard, Obama-appointed FBI chief James Comey will recommend Attorney General Loretta Lynch treat “the Clinton Foundation (as) an ongoing criminal enterprise engaged in money laundering and soliciting bribes in exchange for political, policy and legislative favors to individuals, corporations and even governments both foreign and domestic.” Morning Joe Destroys Corrupt Clinton Foundation – “Total Corruption” Strong stuff if only partly true! Huguenard cites credible evidence, indicating the Clinton Foundation is largely a money laundering, influence peddling racket. Less than 10% of “tens of millions of dollars donated” went for charitable purposes, the rest for self-enrichment. “There is ample evidence already in the public record that the Clinton Foundation qualifies as a criminal enterprise and there’s no doubt that the FBI is privy to significantly more evidence than has already been made public,” said Huguenard. If Comey recommends Attorney General Lynch indict Hillary Clinton, it’s unlikely she’ll prosecute a woman she’s had close ties to for years. Bill Clinton appointed her US Attorney for the Eastern District of New York – serving from 1999 – 2001. From 2003 – 2005, she was a Wall Street controlled New York Federal Reserve Bank of New York board member – the mother bank most complicit with its member bank crooks. From 2002 – 2010, she was a Washington-headquartered Hogan & Hartson (H & H) law firm partner. Its New York-based partner Howard Topaz filed income tax returns for Bill and Hillary Clinton, beginning in 2004. In May 2004, H & H filed patent trademark documents for Denver-based MX Logic Inc., the computer software firm responsible for developing email encryption technology used to manage Hillary’s private email server, beginning in July 2013. Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton According to Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton, if H & H (now Hogan Lovells following a 2010 merger) “represented the Clintons on tax matters,” Lynch is responsible for disclosing any involvement she may have had, direct or indirect. In April 2008 during Hillary’s first presidential campaign, The American Lawyer called H & H one of her largest legal industry supporters. Loretta Elizabeth Lynch, Attorney General of the United States. Partner Christine Varney was chief counsel to the Clinton/Gore 1992 campaign. The ties between H & H, Lynch and the Clintons are longstanding. In November 2014, Obama announced her appointment as attorney general, succeeding Eric Holder, effective April 27, 2015 after Senate confirmation. It’s hard imagining her biting a hand contributing greatly to her career advancement. Key for Clinton is how much more of her dark side becomes public knowledge besides what’s already known. If enough despite Lynch declining to indict and supportive media scoundrels downplaying or whitewashing her offenses, the Democratic (sic) National Committee (DNC) might be forced to jettison her as damaged goods. She’d be red meat for Trump to take full advantage of in the fall campaign. Would Bernie Sanders party bosses don’t want become Democrat standard bearer in July? Or will Joe Biden or another high-profile party member perhaps be chosen as a late-stage establishment nominee, a brokered convention manipulating things? America’s political system is too debauched to fix. Duopoly power eliminates governance of, by and for everyone equitably. Republicans and Democrats are two sides of the same coin – special interests served exclusively, ordinary people betrayed, the same outcome every electoral cycle. Whoever succeeds Obama, likely worse than ever governance will follow. The greatest concern is preventing possible WW III. Clinton’s rage for endless wars, along with her Sino/Russian hostility makes the unthinkable possible. Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at . His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html . Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com. 
A historical milestone need not come at the expense of America.",0
7662,Israelis Donate Winter Clothes to Syrian Refugees,"Ynetnews reports: The crisis in Syria hasn’t been ignored by Israel. Various Israeli youth movements, including the Youth Federation for Working and Studying, The Dror Movement, and the committed for the fight against genocide are leading a wide scale operation to collect winter clothes for Syrian refugees. [The operation, codenamed “Human Warmth,” has opened up 15 collection centers around the country where Israelis can go and donate winter clothes. The centers are in Druze, Arab, and Jewish communities.  The winter clothes will then go off to the Syrians who are in need of assistance. Read more here.",0
7663,Samantha Bee Says “Partial Birth Abortion is Not a Thing.” WRONG.,"Louder With Crowder October 26, 2016 
Samantha Bee is proof positive that being funny, clever, or photogenic are no longer requirements in leftist media. I guess we can call that progress. Problem is, whatever the size of Bee’s audience, there is still an audience. Which she lied to. Par for the course in leftist circles, but this one needs a rebuttal. Samantha Bee said “Partial birth abortion” is not a thing, while she ranted and raved at Donald Trump for his comments in the final debate . Sorry, Sammy. Partial birth abortion is sadly a thing… 
Here’s what I find interesting: Bee’s need to explain away partial birth abortion shows just how unpopular the procedure is. She’s trying to get rid of it. Not unlike a woman hoping to chop shop her unborn baby . Of course she stops short of saying “it’s a heinous, evil thing for people to do to their own children,” by excusing the sick, evil, twisted women (and the “doctors” who perform the butchery) who make it happen. Sorry, there is no reason to suck the brains out of a partially born baby for the “health of the mother,” or “if the baby has a terminal disease.” 
Abortion is always wrong. Like, always. 
Because chopping up a baby while it’s partially hanging out of the mother, its head still in the birth canal, because it’s “going to die anyway” makes sense. If you agree with killing a baby like this, for any reason, you’re sick. Probably a little bit evil. Read Dear Evil Women Who Abort their Babies… Yep, that was written for you abortion supporters. Not sorry. You might also like Dear Liberal Women: No, Getting an Abortion is Not “Brave”… This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 6:07 am Share this article",0
7664,Chelsea Bombing: What We Know and Don’t Know - The New York Times,"Prosecutors on Tuesday charged Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, in federal court in New York in connection with bombings in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan and in New Jersey on Saturday. The federal charges came one day after the police arrested and charged him with several counts, including attempted murder of an officer, after a gunfight in Linden, N. J. 15 miles from New York City. Here’s what else we know: Mr. Rahami, who previously served time in jail, was born in Afghanistan but is a United States citizen. He lived above the fried chicken restaurant in Elizabeth, N. J. started by his father, Mohammad, and also worked there. Some of his friends called him Mad  —   apparently a reference to his first name, not his demeanor  —   and he was known for an obsession with   Honda Civics that he liked to race. After the bombing, the authorities sent what’s being called an unprecedented cellphone alert to area residents, warning of the manhunt for a suspect. Mr. Rahami was found asleep in a doorway of a bar in New Jersey on Monday, and the police were called. After a gunfight with officers, during which he was shot multiple times  —   including in the leg and shoulder  —   he was taken into custody and treated at University Hospital in Newark. An officer was hit in his vest in the area of his abdomen, officials said, and at least one other officer was hurt. Mr. Rahami was charged in federal court with several crimes, including the use of weapons of mass destruction and bombing a place of public use. He was previously charged with seven counts, including five counts of attempted murder of a law enforcement officer. His bail was set at $5. 2 million. The criminal complaint filed in federal court said Mr. Rahami was motivated by an extremist Islamic ideology and took inspiration from Osama bin Laden and other terrorists. In 2014, his father told the police that he suspected his son was involved with terrorism, spurring a review by federal agents, two senior law enforcement officials said. But that inquiry was closed, though the F. B. I. did not interview the suspect. Another official said that when Mr. Rahami was captured, he was carrying a notebook in which he had recorded screeds against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Mr. Rahami wrote of “killing the kuffar,” or unbelievers, and praised figures like the late Anwar   who was the leading propagandist of Al Qaeda. The complaint said he planned the bombing for months, even conducting a dry run. He previously made a series of trips to Pakistan, and some patrons of the family’s restaurant described striking changes in his personality upon his return. They said he became more stern, grew a beard, began wearing traditional Muslim robes and started praying in the back of the restaurant. He married a woman in Pakistan, and Representative Albio Sires, Democrat of New Jersey, said Mr. Rahami had asked his office in 2014 for help bringing his pregnant wife into this country. His wife eventually entered the United States. Law enforcement officials said that the wife, Asia Bibi Rahami, was traveling overseas at the time of the bombings. The United Arab Emirates said she was detained for questioning while in transit through the country. Mr. Rahami’s family has had a fractious relationship with the police and neighbors in New Jersey, who complained about the noise and late hours of the restaurant. His father sued city officials and the Police Department, alleging discrimination because of his religion.   people were injured (29 was the original count) by the blast around 8:30 Saturday night in Chelsea. By Sunday morning, all of those who had been admitted to hospitals had been released. An explosion near a charity race in New Jersey earlier on Saturday appeared not to have injured anyone. On Sunday, pipe bombs were discovered in New Jersey, and the F. B. I. accidentally detonated one of them. But no injuries were reported. “We have every reason to believe this was an act of terror,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said in a news conference on Monday. Initially, officials avoided using that word. Earlier on Monday, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on CNN, “I would not be surprised if we did have a foreign connection to the act. ” On Wednesday, the F. B. I. sought help from the public to find two unidentified men who had removed an unexploded device from a piece of luggage planted a few blocks from the bomb that exploded. There was no immediate indication that the men where involved in the plot. Five people, including members of Mr. Rahami’s family, were taken to an F. B. I. office in Manhattan for questioning after being stopped in a car in Brooklyn on Sunday night. But they were later released, officials said. The first exploded in a garbage receptacle near a charity race on the Jersey Shore about 9:30 a. m. Saturday. The second exploded in front of 131 West 23rd Street in Chelsea  about 8:30 p. m. on Saturday. State troopers found a third device nearby, on West 27th Street between Avenue of the Americas and Seventh Avenue, around 11:30 p. m. Saturday. About 8:45 p. m. Sunday, the two men now being sought were walking from a train station in Elizabeth, N. J. when they found a backpack containing five explosives on top of a garbage can, officials say. The location is about a   from where Mr. Rahami lives. The map here shows the two Manhattan locations. Both of the devices in Manhattan  —   the one that exploded on West 23rd Street and the other found a few blocks away  —   were filled with shrapnel and built from pressure cookers, flip phones and Christmas lights that set off an explosive compound, law enforcement officials said. The police have confirmed that the photo below, shared on social media, is of the second device found in Manhattan. Some of the devices contained in a backpack in New Jersey were pipe bombs. A local official described the devices involved in the explosion on the Jersey Shore as being constructed in a “pipe bomb style. ” Surveillance video footage and fingerprints connected Mr. Rahami to the devices, officials have said.",0
7665,President-Elect Donald Trump must ensure continued efforts toward a Palestinian state,"  President-Elect Donald Trump must ensure continued efforts toward a Palestinian state   
WASHINGTON DC – The American Muslims for Palestine , a national education organization advocating for Palestinian human rights, expresses deep concern over President-Elect Trump’s potential plans for U.S. policy in the Middle East. Though it is still unclear what Mr. Trump will do as president, AMP’s concerns stem from comments and promises he made during his campaign. 
Specifically, AMP asserts the status of Jerusalem has not been resolved and supports Palestinians’ rights to Jerusalem as the capital of a future state. AMP rejects the promises Mr. Trump made to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in September to declare Jerusalem as the “undivided capital of Israel.” AMP strongly opposes moving the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and also is deeply troubled by comments suggesting a Trump administration would forgo the idea of a Palestinian state. 
If Mr. Trump follows up on his campaign promises, it would be a departure from the position of previous administrations, Republican and Democrat alike, which always understood such actions would undermine U.S credibility and influence throughout the world in general, and in the Middle East in particular. 
Israeli Education Minister Naftali Bennett said yesterday the notion of a Palestinian state would not have to be considered under Trump’s administration. “Trump’s victory is an opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state in the center of the country, which would hurt our security and just cause. … This is the position of the president-elect… The era of a Palestinian state is over,” Bennett was quoted as saying. 
“At the beginning of his candidacy, Mr. Trump insisted he would be even-handed in his dealings with the Palestinians and Israelis,” said Dr. Osama Abuirshaid, expert analyst and national director of policy for AMP. “We already are in a weakened position in the Middle East because of some current U.S. policies. Mr. Trump’s promises are not in the best interest of the United States.” 
He added, “If Mr. Trump’s promises were to be implemented, it could hurt our stance throughout the world. They certainly would not have the backing of our global partners and could hurt our national security.” 
AMP continues to call for an end to Israel’s military occupation of Palestine, including its 10-year siege on the Gaza Strip. 
“We hope the Trump administration will be open to working to ensure justice for everyone in the Middle East,” Abuirshaid said. “Barring that, we will continue during the next four years to build our base among progressive elements in society, as well with those who work on social justice issues in the interfaith community and communities of color. AMP will continue to advocate for Palestinian human rights by providing accurate information and through contextualizing the Palestinian struggle as one that is just and in accordance with international humanitarian law and international law.” Related Posts:",0
7666,Interview 1230 – New World Next Week with James Evan Pilato,"11/25/2016 at 3:22 am 
I’m all for a recount, because it could do exactly what James suggests, puts the whole thing in chaos (and this is exactly what I said here before the election). I was furious when Al Gore simply gave up in 2000 when he should have fought on to the bitter end, and if there really are “irregularities” which would put this election in question, the people need to know that, even if it doesn’t actually change anything. Chaos is a very revealing state, and anything that elevates awareness of the farce that is our “two faces of a single coin” political system is good. 
Of course if one believes the election was totally rigged start to finish, then no doubt they would believe that this is just another act in the play already written, so probably would downplay it entirely. So, ironically, the people who most believe the election was rigged are the ones who care least about that being explored. Because that exploration is just as false as the election, of course. That’s an unfortunate position, I think, and in this case may just go to serve the purposes of the criminal elite; that’s the trap in that sort of absolutist structuralist thinking. 
I say stir it up, even if in the end it only provides for interesting theater.",0
7667,Obama: GOP ’Afraid’ to Show America What They Will Replace Obamacare With - Breitbart,"Friday on a live webcast for Vox, President Barack Obama said the Republicans were “afraid” to show their plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.  Obama said,”The strategy of repeal first and replace later is just a huge disservice to the American people. ” He continued, “And if they are so convinced that can do it better, they shouldn’t be afraid to make that presentation. It is really interesting to try to figure out why is it that they are trying to rush the repeal so quick. What is it that they are afraid of? Why wouldn’t they want to say, here’s our plan? And show side by side here is why our plan is better than what Obamacare has produced. Because they have said absolutely adamantly that they can do it better. I’m saying to every Republican right now, if you in fact can put a plan together that is demonstrably better than what Obamacare is doing, I will publicly support repealing Obamacare and replacing it with your plan. But I want to see it first. I want to see it first. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7668,Get Ready For Civil Unrest,"Get Ready For Civil Unrest 10/31/2016 
ECONOMIC COLLAPSE BLOG 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Share On:",0
7669,AMERICAN EVIL,"Share This: By Joe Giambrone What if everything printed this year about Donald J. Trump was 100% true, yet Hillary Clinton still wound up being the greater evil? What then America? 
If the American people are to purchase a product, then do they not have a right to know just how much lesser this “evil” actually weighs versus the name brand? 
Like those seasonal Cadbury Cream Eggs that old familiar product has returned to the shelves: lesser evil, with more fat and toxins this year than ever. This repackaged, re-branded item is what many Americans claim to want every four years, the only thing they ever want or care about politically, and they attack those who refuse to purchase it. It’s rather like a Black Friday zombie frenzy descending on Walmart, but we are told by TV that this is “democracy.” It’s not. It’s oligarchy with bread and circuses. 
The so-called “lesser evil” political philosophy is the only political philosophy these people seem to comprehend, but the core of the concept is overlooked. Their candidate of choice will admittedly commit evil acts. Do they not want to know what this alleged lesser evil entails? 
Seems like self-deception is intrinsic to supporting this little house of cards. Perhaps if the phrase was amended to “evil but possibly lesser,” which is in fact more accurate, the public would spend a few seconds thinking about it when these Novembers inevitably roll around. 
Is a nuclear holocaust “evil?” I suppose that’s the crux of the debate we face today. One of those big two evil candidates has repeatedly, and irrationally, tried to provoke hostilities against nuclear-armed Russia, as part of some unstated agenda: the real agenda that has been torching the Middle East for decades. Wars of western conquest, which turned millions into hamburger, didn’t just happen by themselves. Certain interests wanted to dismantle the oil-rich nations that considered themselves independent of Washington and the EU. The chaos of failed states was preferred to organized regimes that could form an independent bloc or fight back in any way.
According to Hillary R. Clinton, we should all be frothing at the Russians, and at Vladimir Putin for some set of vague claims without the substance that evidence would provide. Hillary and the Democratic National Committee were caught bloody-handed stealing the 2016 Democratic Party primary election from Bernie Sanders. Fraud. The only response she has mustered is the single word “Putin.” Yeah, sure: Putin did it. Repeated so often the word has lost all meaning here in the states, but abroad these quite undiplomatic slights do not pass unnoticed. 
T he Russians unveiled their next generation ICBM , “Satan 2,” capable of wiping out the central east coast of America, or all of France, or the UK, or most of California. You get the idea, but does Hillary Clinton ? 
She insists on a “no-fly zone” in Syria, which the Russian military has already imposed against the invading US coalition , the one which has been arming and funding multiple armies of mass-murdering terrorists! 
Clinton privately told Goldman Sachs : “ They’re getting more sophisticated thanks to Russian imports. To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we’re not putting our pilots at risk you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians… So all of a sudden this intervention that people talk about so glibly becomes an American and NATO involvement where you take a lot of civilians.” 
In the name of protecting civilians HRC wants to kill a lot of civilians and attack Russian-supplied air defense systems, and Russian military personnel of course. The fraud that Hillary Clinton and the interests she represents care in any way about dead Syrian civilians is laughable on its face. US foreign policy has never, ever been based upon protecting the lives of foreign nobodies. To believe such a fairy tale would require complete, absolute historical ignorance. But then again we’re talking about the American public. 
How “Evil” is Hillary Clinton already? A merican corporate media refuses to call US war crimes war crimes. One can be impeached for a blowjob, but not for killing Nazi-level numbers of foreigners. There is no death count too high for the US Congress not to condone, if not to encourage. US foreign policy has never, ever been based upon protecting the lives of foreign nobodies. To believe such a fairy tale would require complete, absolute historical ignorance. But then again we’re talking about the American public. 
Hillary Rodham Clinton has already played an instrumental role in the mass murders of approximately two million people, give or take. The Third Reich didn’t bother with accurate tallies of its victims either. This figure shocks self-styled “liberal” Americans so thoroughly that they simply refuse to believe it. 
Clinton, as Senator, not only voted for an illegal war on Iraq (command responsibility), but she told “weapons of mass destruction” lies , selling the fraud to Democrats (lying to Congress). Estimates of Iraqi casualties range from half a million to a million and a half. The carnage continues to this day, and Crimes Against the Peace attribute responsibility for all the evil that results from initiating a war of aggression . This is codified in the UN Charter, and that makes Hillary Clinton also an international war criminal, just like Bush, just like Cheney. The hypocrisy of those who condemned Bush and yet joyfully cast a vote for HRC is staggering (yet commonplace). 
That was only one war. As Secretary of State Clinton took on even more responsibility for international crimes, notably the assault on Libya , another war of aggression. 
As the Russians noted , there was never any permission to bomb ground targets and help Al Qaeda linked rebels take over the country. “We’re witnessing a large number of violations of the resolutions of the UN Security Council. Over the last few days, there have been reports of the NATO air force bombing civilian targets, including hospitals… This is an unacceptable situation; the United Nations Security Council did not authorize any such thing. Attempts to justify what’s happening by claiming that the coalition does not go beyond the mandate are insufficient.” 
-Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov… 
“Regime change” is a war crime , not an item on a menu for neocons to simply order up. Between 10 and 30,000 Libyans were massacred in the NATO-assisted destruction of Libya. Hillary Clinton displayed a gloating psychosis at the climax of the bloodletting. 
Onto Syria, with a current corpse count of 470,000. What was Hillary Clinton’s role? Seymour Hersh’s reporting contrasts against the endless lies of politicians: 
“ A highly classified annex to the report, not made public, described a secret agreement reached in early 2012 between the Obama and Erdogan administrations. It pertained to the rat line. By the terms of the agreement, funding came from Turkey, as well as Saudi Arabia and Qatar; the CIA, with the support of MI6, was responsible for getting arms from Gaddafi’s arsenals into Syria… The annex didn’t tell the whole story of what happened in Benghazi… ‘The consulate’s only mission was to provide cover for the moving of arms,’ the former intelligence official, who has read the annex, said. ‘It had no real political role.’” 
Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was deeply involved in this covert “regime change” plot, and the sequential wars resulting from it. To this day she insists on continuing the plot to overthrow Bashar Al Assad, the elected President of Syria. 
During her husband’s administration another half-million Iraqi children were killed as a result of US imposed sanctions on medicine and water filtration components. That UN death toll figure was deemed “worth it” by Madeleine Allbright in one of the most shocking news clips of the modern age. This unindicted yet confessed mass murderer campaigns openly for Hillary Clinton . 
There are other flash points where Hillary Clinton had a role, Haiti and Honduras for example. Scandals and atrocities have been reported, but this does not faze her supporters, nor most Americans who care nothing about the illegitimate actions of the US empire abroad. 
So Donald Trump’s a pig, and the free world must play pretend that Hillary R. Clinton is not a proven and dangerous war criminal. Hollywood leads the charge and attacks dissenters. 
How deluded is America this year and how evil? 
Jill Stein of the Green Party is the peace candidate.",0
7670,"Comment on Philippines’ Department Of Tourism Unveils New Promo Slogan, A Double Entendre by Koel@WritingSouls","adobochron 1 Comment 
MANILA, Philippines ( The Adobo Chronicles, Manila Bureau) – Advertising company McCann Worldgroup Philippines will be in charge of crafting the new tourism campaign of the country, the Department of Tourism (DOT) said over the weekend. 
Tourism undersecretary for advocacy and public affairs Katherine de Castro said the P650-million contract with McCann, which won the bid to be the advertising and promotions partner of the DOT for one year, includes the production and positioning of marketing materials, as well as the formulation of a new tourism slogan. 
The Adobo Chronicles spoke with a McCann spokesperson who informed us that the slogan selected for the 2017 tourism year is a take-off from the previous “It’s More Fun in the Philippines.” 
The new slogan is “More Fun in P.I.” 
P.I. of course stands for Philippine Islands (although the country is now known by the acronym of ‘PH.’) 
But it also stands for ‘P*tang Ina’ (Son of a Whore), the cuss words often heard from President Rodrigo Roa Duterte in his speeches and interviews. 
“President Duterte’s rhetoric and cussing have put the Philippines on the world map and we would like to capitalize on that,” the McCann spokesperson said. 
He added: “Why reinvent the wheel when we can just tweak it to reflect the current situation in the Philippines?”",0
7671,ESPN’s Wilbon on Kaepernick: ’This Is a Blackball - There’s No Question About It’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on ESPN Radio’s “Mike and Mike,” ESPN personality Michael Wilbon weighed in on Colin Kaepernick’s status as a free agent with NFL teams beginning the offseason’s organized team activities.  Wilbon accused NFL owners of blackballing Kaepernick over his national anthem protest, reasoning that other quarterbacks being signed to backup duties have inferior résumés in comparison. “[T]his is a blackball. There’s no question about it. And I’m not going to entertain people who say, ‘Well, do you have any proof?’ Yeah, I’ve got my eyes and ears. And you’ve got people being signed who have no résumé that matches or comes close to his,” Wilbon stated. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
7672,"F.B.I. Is Investigating Trump’s Russia Ties, Comey Confirms - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, took the extraordinary step on Monday of announcing that the agency is investigating whether members of President Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election. Mr. Comey’s testimony before the House Intelligence Committee created a treacherous political moment for Mr. Trump, who has insisted that “Russia is fake news” that was cooked up by his political opponents to undermine his presidency. Mr. Comey placed a criminal investigation at the doorstep of the White House and said officers would pursue it “no matter how long that takes. ” Joined by Adm. Michael S. Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, Mr. Comey also dismissed Mr. Trump’s claim that he was wiretapped by his predecessor during the campaign, a sensational accusation that has served as a distraction in the public debate over Russian election interference. Taken together, the two provided the most definitive statement yet that Mr. Trump’s accusation was false. The New York Times and other news organizations have reported the existence of the investigation into the Trump campaign and its relationship with Russia, but the White House dismissed those reports as politically motivated and rallied political allies to rebut them. Mr. Comey’s testimony on Monday was the first public acknowledgment of the case. The F. B. I. discloses its investigations only in rare circumstances, when officials believe it is in the public interest. “This is one of those circumstances,” Mr. Comey said. Mr. Comey said the F. B. I. was “investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. ” Counterintelligence investigations are among the F. B. I. ’s most difficult and   cases, meaning an investigation could hang over the Trump administration for years even though such inquiries rarely lead to criminal charges. American intelligence agencies concluded in January that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia personally ordered a covert effort to hurt Hillary Clinton’s chances and aid Mr. Trump. That included hacking political targets, including the Democratic National Committee, and releasing embarrassing emails through the website WikiLeaks. The White House dismissed most of Mr. Comey’s testimony, saying there was no coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia and so there was nothing to investigate. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said the more pressing issue was who disclosed classified information about Mr. Trump’s advisers to journalists, suggesting that they might have been former members of the Obama administration. American officials have said that they have so far found no proof of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, but current and former officials say they have uncovered evidence that Mr. Trump’s associates were in repeated contact with Russian officials  —   including people linked to Russian intelligence. Roger J. Stone Jr. a longtime adviser to Mr. Trump, has acknowledged communicating with Guccifer 2. 0, an online persona believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials involved in disseminating hacked Democratic emails. Mr. Stone has denied that there was anything improper about the contact, and he was one of many, including political operatives and journalists, to communicate with the hackers. Last July, the month that WikiLeaks began releasing the hacked emails, Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Trump, visited Moscow for a speaking engagement. Mr. Page has declined to say whom he met there, but he has said they were mostly scholars. Michael T. Flynn, a Trump campaign adviser who went on to be his national security adviser, was paid more than $65, 000 by companies linked to Russia in 2015, including an American branch of a cybersecurity firm believed to have connections to Russia’s intelligence services, according to congressional investigators. Mr. Flynn was forced to resign after misrepresenting his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States. Mr. Comey said Russia used a murky network of government officials, oligarchs, business leaders and others close to Mr. Putin to gather intelligence. But he repeatedly sidestepped specific questions about Mr. Trump’s advisers, and acknowledged that American citizens sometimes did not realize they were talking to foreign agents. He said the existence of an investigation did not mean the F. B. I. would ever prove wrongdoing. Nevertheless, Democrats repeatedly highlighted the Trump campaign’s Russian connections as they painted Mr. Trump as a candidate who adopted   views and courted Russian interests. “Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence?” said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the intelligence committee’s top Democrat. “Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental, not disconnected and not unrelated. ” Mr. Comey, testifying for more than five hours, said there was no evidence that Russian hackers had changed any votes in the election. The statement was quickly spun by the White House, which posted that clip of Mr. Comey’s testimony on Twitter. But later in the hearing, when Mr. Comey was read the tweet by Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director made it clear that that was not what he had said. “We’ve offered no opinion, have no view, have no information on potential impact because it’s not something we looked at,” Mr. Comey said, clarifying that the intelligence community is examining what Russia did to interfere with the election, not the effect of that interference. Mr. Comey did not say when he expected his investigation to end or whether he planned to make the results public, prompting Republicans to complain that prolonging it would keep a cloud over the White House. “The longer this hangs out there, the bigger the cloud,” said Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee. “If you have evidence, especially as it relates to people working in the White House or in the administration, that is information we really should know. ” Mr. Trump began the day with Twitter posts denying any collusion with Russia and criticizing leaks of classified information about the investigation. By midday, the White House was citing Mr. Comey’s testimony to suggest that members of the Obama administration had coordinated leaks against Mr. Trump. Republicans on the Intelligence Committee made similar allegations, using their questions to Mr. Comey to criticize the news coverage about the Russia investigation and chastise government officials who speak anonymously to journalists. Mr. Nunes said he was particularly concerned about the anonymous sources who revealed to journalists that some of Mr. Trump’s associates were being investigated. The White House has insisted that there is nothing left to investigate about Russia and has instead asked Congress to look into Mr. Trump’s claims that he was wiretapped by President Barack Obama. Mr. Trump made those allegations in a flurry of Twitter posts early this month. The White House has stood by his accusation, even in the face of conclusions from all corners of the government that it is false. On Tuesday, Mr. Comey, who had asked the Justice Department if it would make a public statement refuting Mr. Trump’s claim, summarily dismissed it. “I have no information that supports those tweets, and we have looked carefully inside the F. B. I. ,” Mr. Comey said, adding that the Justice Department also had no evidence. Those assurances seemed unlikely to change the White House’s position. Asked Monday whether, in light of Mr. Comey’s testimony, the president stood by his assertion that he was wiretapped, Mr. Spicer said that he did.",0
7673,20+ Before & After Photos That Reveal The Effects Of Giving Up Alcohol,"Drinking alcohol might seem like the normal or ‘hip’ thing to do, but consuming it in excess over time can take a toll on one’s health. Effects of excessive alcohol consumption include increased risk... ",0
7674,Kashmiris and Pakistanis subscribe en masse to Washington Post after Barkha joins as contributor,"Kashmiris and Pakistanis subscribe en masse to Washington Post after Barkha joins as contributor Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
American daily newspaper The Washington Post has gained substantial number of subscribers over the past few hours following its announcement of legendary journalist Barkha Dutt joining the publication as a contributor for global opinions. 
As a contributing columnist, Ms. Dutt, who has won numerous awards during her illustrious career as a journalist, including TV Personality of the Year, awarded by AIB (Association for International Broadcasting), will now take the issues closer to her viewers, which many believe are the staff members of NDTV, to an international platform. 
The spike in the subscription has primarily been noticed in the Kashmir region where Ms. Dutt is seen more often than the local residents. As a matter of fact, experts believe if Kashmir becomes an independent nation, she might earn a place in the history books of independent Kashmir, or the currency notes might have her photo printed on them, or at least a road could be named after her as an acknowledgement for her contribution to the separatists movement. 
Her tireless campaign to put forward the points of view of terrorists has been appreciation by many across the border and her minute-by-minute coverage of army movements along the LoC has helped many prepare for the situation in advance and respond accordingly. And although the services would still be available on NDTV, it seems a few in the Kashmir valley do not want to rely on a single source of information, especially when there are multiple options available now. 
Meanwhile, the competitors of The Washington Post have been caught off guard by the development and they are ruing the missed opportunity to reach a new audience. Some of them, however, are trying to regain the lost ground, and reports suggest that The New York Times is already in talks with Hafiz Saeed to write a weekly column for it.",0
7675,"CPAC— Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus Call Out ‘Opposition Party’ [the Media]: ’It’s Always Wrong’ - Breitbart","Donald Trump’s White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon appeared before a packed house at CPAC on Thursday, rallying conservatives to support the president’s agenda and taking shots at the media. [During a panel moderated by CPAC’s Matt Schlapp, Bannon repeatedly referred to the media as the “opposition party.  “When you look at the opposition party and how they portrayed the campaign, how they portrayed the transition, and now portraying the administration, it’s always wrong,” Bannon said. Bannon said Trump was “maniacally focused” on implementing his agenda, which he detailed in all of his campaign speeches. The media, Bannon added, kept getting the story wrong  —   particularly on the reported “chaos” in the administration. “Just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the campaign, and just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the transition, they’re absolutely dead wrong about what’s going on today, because we have a team that’s just grinding it through on what President Donald Trump promised the American people,” Bannon said. “And the mainstream media better understand something. All those promises are going to be implemented. ” The pair denied reports that they were at war with each other at the White House, cracking jokes about their differences. “Regarding us two, I think the biggest misconception is everything that you’re reading,” Priebus said, prompting laughter from the crowd. Bannon praised Trump for ignoring all of the people who tried to tell him what his agenda should be, despite his campaign promises. “He was like, ‘No, I promised the American people this, and this is the plan we’re going to execute,’” Bannon said.",0
7676,Police: Woman Paid Teen $300 Each Time They Had Sex - Breitbart,"A Florida woman paid a teenager hundreds of dollars each time they had sex, police said. [Rebecca McGraw, 38, was arrested and charged with five felony counts of sexual activity with a minor, WPEC reported.  Investigators say that McGraw, a mother and an assistant manager at the Sail Pointe apartment complex in Port St. Lucie, had allegedly engaged in sexual activity with a    boy, who lives in the same complex. Police looked into McGraw as they were investigating prior allegations of sexual assault and child abuse. The victim told police McGraw invited him to her home to “smoke marijuana and drink alcohol” and had known her since spring of 2016. McGraw allegedly engaged in sexual activity with him up to 16 times, paying him $ $300 per session, and allowed him to withdraw the money from a nearby ATM using her debit card, TC Palm reported. McGraw told police she had sex with the boy “three to four times” but denied that she ever paid him. McGraw is being held on $125, 000 bond at the St. Lucie County Jail. This is the second arrest for sexual assault in Port St. Lucie for the month of May. A Chemistry teacher in Port St. Lucie was also arrested for allegedly having sex with a    student.",0
7677,Wikileaks 26th Batch Released,"
The latest batch of hacked emails from Clinton’s campaign chair, John Podesta, have been released.
Over 1,100 emails are contained in the latest leak, amounting to 43,000 of the 50,000 promised to be released by Wikileaks before November 8.
There are a number of communications found in the email pertaining to the Clinton campaign’s close relationship with mainstream media and her private email server.
One email from September 9, 2008 shows Chris Lu, the Deputy Secretary of the Department of Labor, discussing a virtual data room where “policy promises” and other private communications will be uploaded:
General room – there is a general room that we’ll upload all of the policy promises, as well as legal documents like expense reimbursements and contribution forms. All of the principals on this list will have access to this room… Regarding policy promises, from now on, we’ll email out the first drafts when they’re done, but we won’t email out revisions. The latest version will always be stored in the “general” data room.
 

Another email thread from May 11, 2015, discussing Lanny Davis, former attorney for Bill Clinton, we see Clinton’s senior advisor, Philippe Reines, pose the following question:
“[Hillary Rodham Clinton] is anxious to move forward — with the commitment that I will keep him focused and in line. Do you guys need to run any more traps on your end or can I reach out to enlist him?”
Human Abedin writes back saying, “She just called me about this. She wants Lanny.”
John Podesta cryptically responds, “In the land of he blind, the one-eyed man is king.” Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
7678,Prince Tributes Include Purple Lighting and Broadway Performances - The New York Times,"Tributes to Prince, the singer and songwriter who died at 57 on Thursday, took on many forms. Many featured buildings and bridges lit up in the color purple  —   a nod to his hit song and movie “Purple Rain. ” Here is a look at ways the performer was remembered: A portrait of Prince was installed at the Smithsonian’s National Portrait Gallery’s In Memoriam space. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration paid its respects on Twitter: The New Yorker magazine offered a glimpse of the cover of its next edition: Buildings across the country were bathed in purple light: Bridges were similarly lit up: The search engine Google posted a “Google Doodle” to depict purple rain: The Los Angeles County Museum of Art turned its Rain Room purple on Friday: Signs for the Prince Street subway station in New York City took on an impromptu look: The Apollo Theater in Harlem honored Prince: On Broadway, the cast of “The Color Purple” led the audience in a singalong of “Purple Rain” on Thursday night: Also on Thursday night, the cast of “Hamilton” led the audience in a cheering, dancing rendition of Prince’s “Let’s Go Crazy”:",0
7679,Some See Anti-Women Backlash in Ouster of Brazil’s President - The New York Times,"BRASÍLIA  —   At one heated moment in the impeachment trial of Dilma Rousseff, a powerful senator pushing for her ouster decided that some of his outspoken female colleagues in the chamber needed scolding. “Calm down, girls,” the senator, Cássio Cunha Lima, part of a political dynasty from northeastern Brazil, told Senators Vanessa Grazziotin and Gleisi Hoffmann, both supporters of Ms. Rousseff, Brazil’s first female president. His remark drew sharp rebukes from the two women. “Men believe they are the owners of this space, as if we’re just here by chance,” said Ms. Grazziotin, 55, a prominent leftist senator from Amazonas State. For senators like Ms. Grazziotin, the episode reflected the emboldening of conservative voices after the impeachment of Ms. Rousseff, who argued that she had been the target of misogynistic attacks by opponents. Female politicians across Brazil are debating what her downfall means in a political realm dominated by men. Despite the inroads made by Ms. Rousseff and others, Brazil ranks remarkably low in the representation of women in politics. Of the 513 members of the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Brazilian Congress, 51 are women, placing the country 155th in the world in the percentage of women elected to the lower house of a national legislature, according to the   Union. It trails places like Saudi Arabia and Turkmenistan. The administration of Michel Temer, Ms. Rousseff’s successor  —   a former ally who emerged victorious in the power struggle to oust her  —   is doing little to assuage fears that women will be sidelined. Upon taking office more than three months ago, Mr. Temer named an   cabinet in a country where just 48 percent of the population of 206 million is male. Depicting a   suburban idyll in which a   president is greeted by his spouse, a much younger housewife, the cover of this month’s edition of the Brazilian magazine Piauí captured the cultural shift to the right embodied by Mr. Temer, 75, whose wife, Marcela, a   former beauty pageant contestant, is 42 years younger. Throughout the impeachment proceedings, female allies of Ms. Rousseff’s in Congress argued that the way her impeachment was carried out reflected a political establishment in which women were still supposed to serve as accessories to powerful men. A new wave of vitriolic positioning against female politicians like Ms. Rousseff is fueling these concerns. During the impeachment trial, for instance, Jaufran Siqueira, a socially conservative politician in the northeastern city of Natal, seized on a new idea for gaining votes. “This is what will happen to feminists when Jaufran is elected,” Mr. Siqueira, 25, proclaimed alongside a photograph he posted on his campaign’s Facebook page, showing a house engulfed in flames. “I can’t deny that I oppose the feminist movement,” said Mr. Siqueira, a real estate broker who emerged into the national spotlight with his campaign. “But it’s absurd to claim I’m going to set fire to women. ” He said the photo had been merely “a joke. ” Despite the increasing tensions, female political leaders in Brazil remain far from unanimous on whether Ms. Rousseff was driven from office because of her gender. Marina Silva, the former maid who is a leading contender for the 2018 presidential election, said in an interview that Ms. Rousseff’s ouster was rooted in incompetence and deeply flawed policy making, referring to charges that she manipulated the federal budget to conceal economic problems. “My understanding is that Dilma’s budget maneuvers were illegal,” said Ms. Silva, 58, an environmentalist, who repeatedly clashed with Ms. Rousseff when both were ministers in the cabinet of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, of the leftist Workers’ Party. “Conservatives are getting more vociferous on a global level  —   just look at Trump in the United States,” said Ms. Silva, referring to Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee for president, who, when asked if he had met Ms. Rousseff, responded: “No. Who is he?” “This doesn’t mean that women won’t play a crucial role in Brazilian politics after Dilma’s impeachment,” Ms. Silva said. “Of course we will. We have too much momentum now to stop us. ” As campaigning intensifies for municipal elections, other leaders at different points on Brazil’s ideological spectrum echoed such views. “I don’t see this moment as something that disappoints the aspirations of Brazilian women,” said Teresa Surita, a supporter of Ms. Rousseff’s ouster, who is running for   as the mayor of Boa Vista, a city in the Brazilian Amazon. Ms. Surita, 60, who has battled graft charges, said she remained committed to improving life in her city. A member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, the centrist party of Mr. Temer, she said that achieving her goals involved maintaining smooth ties with the federal government in the capital, Brasília. “I have to be aware of the need for support from the federal government, regardless of who is in power,” she said. While women hold only   of the seats in the lower house of Congress, a more complex picture may be emerging at the local level. For instance, 51 cities have only women running for mayor this year, according to the Superior Electoral Court, and women account for nearly 33 percent of the candidates for City Council seats this year. Women are also gaining positions of prominence in the judiciary. Cármen Lúcia Antunes Rocha, 62, a supporter of affirmative action, gay rights and fewer abortion restrictions, is rising this month to become the chief justice of Brazil. Still, others contend that Ms. Rousseff’s ouster revealed the ugly workings of Brazil’s   political scene. As large protests flare against Mr. Temer’s administration, especially on the streets of São Paulo, Brazil’s largest city, thousands of women are voicing opposition to the new government. “Temer took out Dilma because a man doesn’t like to answer to a woman, and as president, she was the one telling them what to do,” said Rayra Lima de Araújo, 14, a high school student who attended the antigovernment protests on Sunday with her mother, Maria da Cruz Lima, 43, an unemployed nurse. Taking the stand during her impeachment trial, Ms. Rousseff argued that her male counterparts did not have to contend with the same attacks on their character. “I’ve always been described as a   woman in the midst of delicate men,” she said. “I never saw a man accused of being   and we know that they are. ” But even Ms. Rousseff’s Workers’ Party, once one of Latin America’s most powerful political parties, is grappling with an internal debate over sexism as it tries to reinvent itself. Leaders in the party came under intense scrutiny this year after secret recordings revealed a range of explicitly sexist banter, including crude jokes by Mr. da Silva, the former president, about top female party members. Míriam Leitão, an economic historian and one of Brazil’s most influential columnists, said the Workers’ Party was using the debate over women in politics to try to discredit the impeachment process because it cost the party the presidency it had held for more than 13 years. “Dilma didn’t fall because she is a woman,” Ms. Leitão wrote in her column in the newspaper O Globo. “She produced a surge in inflation, a recession of historical significance, and lost her job. ”",0
7680,"Benjamin Fulford Full Update in Spanish & English: October 24, 2016 [VIDEO]","Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
7681,"U.S. General: No Incompetence, Bad Judgment Found in Yemen Raid","The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa said Thursday he has found no evidence of incompetence, poor   or bad judgment in a January special operations raid in Yemen. [Army Gen. Joseph Votel, the commander of U. S. Central Command, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he conducted an “exhaustive”   review to understand exactly what happened on the January 28 raid, during which a U. S. Navy SEAL was killed and a $70 million aircraft was destroyed.  “I am looking for indicators of incompetence or poor   or bad judgment.   …     So what I can tell you is that we did an exhaustive   review on this,” he said. “It went down to a level including people who were on the specific objective. As a result of that, I was satisfied that none of those indicators that I identified to you were present,” he said. The ground raid to collect intelligence on   in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) the first ordered under the Trump administration, has become the source of significant controversy. Critics of the Trump administration have called the raid “botched,” claiming it had gone off track from the start. Navy SEAL Senior Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens was killed in the raid and three others injured. In addition, a   Osprey was destroyed. And in a messaging snafu, Centcom sent out a video obtained from the raid to show the significance of the intelligence collected, but journalists quickly discovered that the video had already been available online for years. Some unnamed U. S. officials have also told NBC News that the raid led to no significant or actionable intelligence. Owens’ father has also questioned the raid, which was reportedly approved five days into Trump’s administration, over dinner with his top military and national security advisers. Pentagon officials have pushed back hard, saying the intelligence found has been valuable and “potentially actionable. ” Trump further stoked controversy after an interview where he said “they lost Ryan,” referring to his generals, fueling critics who said he was shifting blame for the death. It is not clear exactly what Trump approved during dinner. A Pentagon spokesman said earlier this week Trump had delegated authority to approve missions, including the raid and airstrikes against AQAP, to Votel. According to a CNN extensive account of the raid’s approval, Votel recommended the mission during the Obama presidency to get a better intelligence picture of AQAP, considered the most dangerous   affiliate. Votel delivered the plan to the Pentagon on November 7, where Pentagon lawyers reviewed and approved the plan. The Pentagon signed off on the plan and sent it to the National Security Council on December 19. The Obama administration reviewed and discussed the plan but never approved it, former officials told CNN. A current White House official said the former administration discussed the raid on January 6 and decided it would be best conducted during a moonless night, which would occur after Trump’s inauguration, so the raid was not approved. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis received the plan on January 20, reviewed it, and sent it back to the NSC on January 24. It was presented to Trump on January 25. He reportedly gave the   during dinner but asked that deputy officials review it. He signed off on the plan the next day. The raid occurred two days later, on January 28. At a Washington, D. C. briefing Thursday, Votel took full responsibility for the raid and said it yielded “valuable” intelligence. “First and foremost, I am responsible for this mission. I am the Centcom commander, and I am responsible for what’s done in my region and what’s not done in my region, so I accept the responsibility for this. We lost a lot on this operation,” he said. He added: We lost a valued operator, we had people wounded, we caused civilian casualties, [and] lost an expensive aircraft. We did gain some valuable information that will be helpful for us. Our intention here was to improve our knowledge against this threat  —   a threat that poses a direct threat to us here in the homeland. And that was what we were focused on. Votel also announced that there were between four to 12 civilian casualties during the raid. He said he has not communicated with Owens’s family yet.",0
7682,2 Nuns Are Killed in Mississippi: ‘The Sweetest People to Ever Draw a Breath’ - The New York Times,"Poverty is entrenched in the Mississippi city of Durant (population less than 3, 000) but violent crime is hardly pervasive. The Police Department website lists current statistics of one report each for lost property, theft and a harassing phone call. It has been years since Durant, which is about 65 miles north of Jackson, last recorded a murder, the authorities said. But on Thursday, that   sense of community and security was torn apart after two beloved nuns who worked at a medical clinic in a nearby town were found killed in their Durant home. The nuns were identified as Sister Margaret M. Held and Sister Paula J. Merrill, 68. The women were nurse practitioners who worked about 20 miles away at the Lexington Medical Clinic. Durant’s assistant police chief, James Lee, said an officer was sent to the sisters’ home around 10 a. m. to conduct what he called a wellness check after they did not show up at work. The door to the home was open, he said, and the officer found the bodies inside. The Rev. Greg Plata, the priest at St. Thomas the Apostle Church in Lexington, where the nuns were active, said he had been told by the police that they were stabbed. One of their cars, a blue Toyota Corolla, was missing. Warren Strain, a spokesman for the Mississippi Department of Public Safety, said the car was found abandoned Thursday evening on a secluded street barely a mile from the home, The Associated Press reported. Father Plata said the two women were the only ones who lived in the house. It was not clear if the killings were related to their work. He said they dressed in civilian attire, or scrubs when they were at work. Chief Lee said that he could not speculate about a motive and that a cause of death had yet to be officially determined. The   Police Department was being helped by the State Bureau of Investigation and the Holmes County Sheriff’s Department. “An actual   double homicide is an enigma,” he said, adding that the     house was in one of the quietest parts of the city and that the nuns would often jog or walk around the neighborhood. The Mississippi secretary of state, Delbert Hosemann, said in a statement that he hoped justice would be “swiftly served. ” He said the nuns had been violently killed, adding, “Unbridled love and care for mankind has been met with unparalleled savagery. ” Jamie Sample, 58, of Ebenezer, Miss. the music minister at St. Thomas the Apostle Church, said she had relied on the nuns for their “gorgeous voices” at Mass. “I just cannot tell you what precious people they were,” she said. “They were just the sweetest people to ever draw a breath into their bodies. ” She described the nuns as being like family. They spent time together at the holidays, and Ms. Sample’s husband and son took care of their home repairs. Ms. Sample added that whoever had killed the nuns was “the epitome of evil. ” She said Sister Margaret was an outstanding chef who regularly took delicious dishes to the church’s potluck events. Sister Paula’s nephew, David V. Merrill, 37, of Stoneham, Mass. recalled his aunt battling squirrels to grow blueberries in the backyard of their   ranch house. He said she enjoyed ministering to the needy of Holmes County, where 44 percent of the residents live below the poverty level  —   the   rate among the state’s 82 counties, according to census data. “The work, it was her calling from God,” Mr. Merrill said. “She lived and loved it every day. ” Mr. Merrill said his aunt had never expressed concern about her safety. He said the biggest misgiving in the community was about the abuse of opioids. Sister Paula was a native of Massachusetts who developed a Southern drawl but retained a New Englander’s cynicism, he said. Maureen Smith, the communications director of the Catholic Diocese of Jackson, Miss. said Sister Paula was from the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, based in Kentucky, and Sister Margaret was from the School Sisters of St. Francis, in Milwaukee. The United States Province Leadership team for the School Sisters said in a statement that its members were “deeply shocked and grieved” by the killings. It noted that Sister Margaret had been with the order for 49 years and devoted herself to “living her ministry caring for and healing the poor. ” The two nuns had been sent by their orders to serve the poor throughout Mississippi. Sister Paula had spent 30 years in the state, the last six at the clinic, which saw 8, 000 patients last year. Four in 10 people in the county are uninsured or have only Medicaid, Ms. Smith said. The nuns were active in the church’s Bible study, Father Plata said, and were deeply connected to the congregation of about 30 parishioners. “People were attracted to them because of their goodness,” said Father Plata, who will be among the clergy members to say their funeral Mass.",0
7683,Last Stand For ISIS?,"Chaosistan , Iraq , Phenomenon of Terrorism By Eric MARGOLIS (USA) 
As a former soldier and war correspondent who has covered 14 conflicts, I look at all the media hoopla over tightening siege of Mosul, Iraq and shake my head. This western-organized “liberation” of Mosul is one of the bigger pieces of political-military theater that I’ve seen. 
Islamic State(IS), the defender of Mosul, is a paper tiger, blown out of all proportion by western media. IS is, as this writer has been saying for years, an armed mob made up of 20-something malcontents, religious fanatics, and modern-day anarchists. At its top is a cadre of former Iraqi Army officers with military experience. 
These former officers of Saddam Hussain are bent on revenge for the US destruction of their nation and the lynching of its late leader. But IS rank and file has no military training, little discipline, degraded communications, and ragged logistics. 
In fact, today’s Islamic State is what the Ottoman Empire used to term, ‘bashi-bazouks,” a collection of irregular cut-throats and scum of the gutter sent to punish and terrorize enemies by means of torture, rapine, looting and arson. 
What has amazed me about the faux western war against ISIS is its leisurely nature, lack of élan, and hesitancy. In my view, ISIS was mostly created by the US and its allies as a weapon to be used against Syria’s government – just as the Afghan mujahadin were used by the US and the Saudis to overthrow the Soviet-backed Afghan government. Israel tried the same tactics by helping create Hamas in Palestine and Hezbullah in Lebanon. Both were cultivated to split the PLO. 
ISIS is an ad hoc movement that wants to punish the West and the Saudis for the gross carnage they have inflicted on the Arab world. 
Western and Kudish auxiliary forces have been sitting 1.5 hours drive from Mosul and the IS town of Raqqa for over a year. Instead, western – mainly US – warplanes have been gingerly bombing around these targets in what may be an effort to convince breakaway ISIS to rejoin US-led forces fight the Damascus regime. 
Note that ISIS does not appear to have ever attacked Israel though it is playing an important role in the destruction of Syria. Some reports say Israel is providing logistic and medical support for IS. 
The siege of Mosul is being played up by western media as a heroic second Stalingrad. Don’t be fooled. IS has only 3-5,000 lightly armed fighters in Mosul and Raqqa, maybe even less. The leaders of IS are likely long gone. IS has few heavy weapons, no air cover at all, and poor communications. Its rag-tag fighters will run out of ammunitions and explosives very quickly. 
Encircling Mosul are at least 50,000 western-led soldiers, backed by heavy artillery, rocket batteries, tanks, armored vehicles and awesome air power 
The western imperial forces are composed of tough Kurdish pasha merga fighters, Iraqi army and special forces, some Syrian Kurds, Iranian ‘volunteers’ irregular forces and at least 5,000 US combat troops called “advisors”, plus small numbers of French, Canadian and British special forces. Hovering in the background are some thousands of Turkish troops, supported by armor and artillery ready to ‘liberate’ Iraq – which was once part of the Ottoman Empire. 
For the US, current military operations in Syria and Iraq are the realization of an imperialist’s fondest dream: native troops led by white officers, the model of the old British Indian Raj. Washington arms, trained, equips and financed all its native auxiliaries. 
The IS is caught in a dangerous dilemma. To be a political movement, it was delighted to control Iraq’s second largest city. But as a guerilla force, it should not have holed up in an urban area where it was highly vulnerable to concentrated air attack and being surrounded. This is what’s happening right now. 
In the mostly flat Fertile Crescent with too few trees, ground forces are totally vulnerable to air power, as the recent 1967, 1973 Israel-Arab wars and 2003 Iraq wars have shown. Dispersion and guerilla tactics are the only hope for those that lack air cover. 
IS forces would best advised to disperse across the region and continue their hit-and-run attacks. Otherwise, they risk being destroyed. But being mostly bloody-minded young fanatics, IS may not heed military logic and precedent in favor of making a last stand in the ruins of Mosul and Raqqa. 
When this happens, western leaders will compete to claim authorship of the faux crusade against the paper tiger of ISIS. 
Eric S. Margolis is an award-winning, internationally syndicated columnist, writing and commenting for the top media outlets of the United States, Canada UK, France, Gulf states, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan.",0
7684,The Golden Message from Crellritus,"The Golden Message from Crellritus Your wise men hold their knowledge high,Yet fail to see that in your skyTruths dwell beyond your feeble minds so small.You think that you have grasped it allIn experiments of great scope;Yet bound are you. You dare to hopeThat someday soon you reach beyond your skyTo Something else. Not other worlds , this be your cry,Not other races who may think and hope and fear.What, then? Mere planets made of things you hold as dear,That may be broken down and labeled fast?Such fools you be!Dream on, the day has not yet come to passWhen you will face that which you cannot face.-Automatic writing channeled by Nell Heberling Page 1",0
7685,Pentagon Retreats on Enlistment Bonus Collection Efforts,"Pentagon Retreats on Enlistment Bonus Collection Efforts October 26, 2016 Pentagon Retreats on Enlistment Bonus Collection Efforts 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday ordered a suspension in efforts to seek repayment of thousands of enlistment bonuses and tuition assistance mistakenly paid to members of the California National Guard. 
""While some soldiers knew or should have known they were ineligible for benefits they were claiming, many others did not,"" Carter, who is in Europe meeting with U.S. allies, said in a statement. 
""This process has dragged on too long, for too many service members,"" he said. ""Too many cases have languished without action. That's unfair to service members and to taxpayers."" 
Last week the Los Angeles Times reported that about 10,000 California National Guard troops had been ordered to repay enlistment bonuses - some of more than $15,000 - that were improperly given to them. The newspaper said audits revealed the California Guard had overpaid troops in order to entice them to join and meet enlistment targets more than a decade ago. 
Senior Defense Department officials have been told to assess the bonus situation and establish a ""streamlined, centralized process"" by the start of next year, Carter said in the statement. 
""The objective will be to complete the decision-making process on all cases as soon as possible - and no later than July 1,"" he said. 
The issue has caused outrage in Congress. Members from both parties have called on the Pentagon to drop efforts to reclaim the bonuses. 
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Fox News on Tuesday that if the Pentagon did not drop the effort to reclaim re-enlistment bonuses, lawmakers would move legislation on the issue. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  ",0
7686,Nikki Haley: ’The President Is CEO of the Country - He Can Hire and Fire Whomever He Wants’ - Breitbart,".@nikkihaley: ”The president is the CEO of the country. He can hire and fire whomever he wants.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC News’s “This Week,” U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley reacted to President Donald Trump firing FBI Director James Comey and pointed out that as president, Trump can fire whomever he wants.  “The president is the CEO of the country,” she explained. “He can hire and fire whomever he wants. That is his right. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7687,RIGGED! DOJ Weiner Email Probe Will Be Led By PODESTA’S CLOSE FRIEND Peter Kadzik – TruthFeed,"RIGGED! DOJ Weiner Email Probe Will Be Led By PODESTA’S CLOSE FRIEND Peter Kadzik RIGGED! DOJ Weiner Email Probe Will Be Led By PODESTA’S CLOSE FRIEND Peter Kadzik Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 1, 2016 
The incestuous and corrupt nature of our rigged system just keeps getting exposed as the election drama unravels. 
Earlier today, Loretta Lynch offered to “help” the FBI – yeah THAT Loretta Lynch. 
Now Peter Kadzik has announced the DOJ will help expedite the review. Who is Peter Kadzik? 
Just some guy who Podesta has fun social dinners with as exposed by Wikileaks. 
You can read that full story here 
ZeroHedge Reports 
Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner’s notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton’s personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it “will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,” assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
RIGGED SYSTEM 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
7688,Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Used A Green Screen At Today’s Low Turnout Rally,"When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary’s speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen. 
Via EndBegins 

When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary’s speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Secondly, you see when anyone steps in front of that background, there appears a darkened halo around them. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen.
Start watching at the 1:03:00 mark to see where Crooked Hillary starts speaking: 
Another salient clue that she used a green screen is that when she turns around to wave to these people, they are mere feet away and yet she shakes hands with none of them. Why, because they weren’t there. Liberal news rag CNN is infamous for pretending to be in a location but in reality it’s nothing more than green screen. CNN did it here, here, and also here.
THE HANDHELD VIDEO CAMERA EXPOSES THE LIE: Look in the viewfinder of the video camera filming Crooked Hillary – it’s black behind her yet in the official video it’s filled with people. Hmm…awake yet, America?

Lastly, if you look close at the end of the video, you will see the real people behind her with cameras, but then the main group of people behind them are flattened out in 2-D because they are not actually there.
HILLARY’S RALLY WAS UBER-TINY SO IT’S LITTLE WONDER THEY HAD TO RESORT TO GREEN SCREEN: Clinton supporters beginning to enter Broward College for Hillary Clinton early voting rally in Coconut Creek #tcpalm pic.twitter.com/8HhLkFltks 
— Eric Hasert (@TCPalmHasert) October 25, 2016 

",0
7689,Microsoft unveils sleek desktop computer,"Microsoft unveils sleek desktop computer Re: Microsoft unveils sleek desktop computer The Surface has been selling well.Never underestimate the MIcrosoft team, they have a few tricks up their sleeve yet They are building the greatestweapon for oppressionin the history of man-Confidential Source",0
7690,Remember Why Your Soul Chose This Life,"Leave a reply “Love Sun & Mother Earth” – photographer Makiko 
Juliet Tang – Prior to birth, just like an artist who is selecting which paints will go onto the blank canvas, our souls choose a set of colors to work with which determine our parents, ethnicity, country of birth, etc. We also choose a number of possible paths that would allow us to experience certain aspects of our being. For instance, if courage is one of those aspects of ourselves we wish to experience, we would collaborate with other souls in this physical realm so circumstances would arise in our lives where we are required to invoke courage within us. Likewise, we choose a certain mission, or a calling that would allow us to maximize our full potentials on this live stage called earth. 
In order to fully step into our calling with power and consciousness, we must first elect to forget what it is at birth so we may, after years and decades, and for some, lifetimes of soul searching, arrive at a point in our lives where we must make a choice to remember who we truly are and deliberately call forth what gives us highest joy. 
Personally, I see the long years of painful searching as nothing more than a rite of passage with intended experiences and divinely placed circumstances that fully prepares us to be who we came here to be. The second we reunite with our soul’s calling, the universe registers our seriousness and we come to the realization that nothing can and will stand in our way. 
At that moment, all fears and obstacles begin fading as the path unfolds in front of us. At that moment, we will move mountains and cross oceans just so that we can become one with our highest intention and commit to our divine mission. At that moment, our body, mind and soul become aligned with one single purpose – to experience ourselves as our own grandest creation in this life. 
Funny enough, once we remember our mission, we often realize the mission has very little to do with us and everything to do with everyone else. It is a mission that allows us to serve humanity and to light the paths for others through servicing, healing, inspiring, teaching and empowering. 
It is no coincidence that for many, in order to remember that mission, we must first experience the pains and turmoil in life so we may later not only decide to transcend what limits us, but also use our life journey as a tool to inspire and encourage others to do the same. Some of the most influential teachers from Hay House such as Louise Hay, Anita Moorjani and the late Wayne Dyer are but a few who had journeyed to the darkness and back so they may light the way for others. 
Know that wherever you are in life is exactly where you need to be . You are not bound to any fate and you have the power to change and create anything in life. It is my hope that by sharing the following 3 reminders that are embedded in your soul blueprint, you will begin manifesting your calling. You came here with something to do. You are part of a universal consciousness, and there are no accidents in it. In your true essence—not the false self, not the ego part of you, but in the true essence of who you are—you are infinite and you have something very profound to accomplish while you’re here. Otherwise you wouldn’t be here. Find it. Pay attention to it. Listen to the callings. See the clues, the cues. See the alignments, whatever they might be, no matter how absurd or bizarre they might seem to everyone around you…if you have a calling inside that says there’s also something else, don’t ignore that. Don’t die with your music still in you. Don’t die with your purpose unfulfilled. Don’t die feeling as if your life has been wrong. Don’t let that happen to you. ~ Wayne Dyer Identify Your Highest Joy 
As beings of energy, we ourselves are literally the creation tools we are born with and our feeling is the direct line of communication with our soul, or the higher self. At any time when our thoughts, words and actions are aligned with the soul’s vision, we know it immediately by the way we feel which is usually identified as harmony, inner-peace, joy, gratitude and love. 
Whenever we feel good, our vibration is instantly higher which easily leads to inspired action; and by committing ourselves to inspired action, it leads to more joy which expands the breeding ground of inspired action. The more we can get in touch with the “feel good” component within ourselves and listen to it, the easier it will be for us to define our mission in life. 
For the longest time, I had not a clue what my calling was and I spent the majority of my time complaining and wishing I could do something else with my life while holding onto the belief that a job and a passion are mutually exclusive. I did have many passions and since I felt miserable with my job, I indulged myself with activities I enjoyed whenever I had free time. Being a spiritual seeker since birth, one of my passions was alternative healing. For many years, I heard and read about Reiki and there was always that little voice in the back of my head whispering, “Take a Reiki class.” Like many, I brushed aside the little voice with as many excuses as I could find but eventually, the voice became so persistent that I decided to just go for it. 
As someone who was also obsessed with doing the due diligence for everything I stepped into, I spent hours researching for an experienced teacher. I already signed up for a course elsewhere when the name of my first Reiki teacher popped up in my search, and for reasons unknown to me at the time, I made a last minute decision to go with this class. 
During the two days of training, I met someone whom I became friends with. Fast forward to years later, we currently share an office space doing healing work in Midtown Manhattan. Within the same year after the initial training, the same friend introduced me to another Reiki teacher who is the very reason why I eventually became a recovery and wellness coach as well as Reiki master. During those years, every time when I was guided by inspiration , life rewarded me with more people, events and circumstances that helped me remember my true essence and carry out my mission. 
Do not despair if you do not yet remember what you came here to be. Your only duty in this life is to follow your highest joy. Believe me, it is much more than just a cliché line that we use as a bumper sticker. 
Once we follow the first inspired idea, we are sending out the energy with the intention of “I am my highest joy at this given moment” into the universe which slowly intensifies and magnifies as we become more accustomed to singing our heart’s song. What has started as a seed is given more opportunities to grow and flourish every time when we follow our highest feelings because the energy behind that intention is literally snowballing and creating more and more movement in the quantum field in bringing us what make us happy. 
What inspires you? What makes your heart sing? What’s that one thing you’ve been wanting to do but have been putting off forever? 
It’s time. Allow Your Being to Guide Your Doing 
One of the most frustrating things we do to ourselves is we get stuck envisioning the million tasks we must do to accomplish anything, that can also be the very thing that keeps us from moving forward. 
Answering our calling is very much a process like everything else. The end result may look nothing like what we started off with or what we planned, and that is completely ok. Sometimes what we think we want only serves as a stepping stone that leads us closer to fulfilling our mission. The universe does not care about what we do that makes us radiate with joy, it can be taking a Reiki class or a baking class, going on that spontaneous vacation or calling an old friend we haven’t seen for years. The universe only cares about the vibrational signature we give off when we are being that joy. 
By giving ourselves into inspired action, we may be meeting a teacher for life who becomes our source of inspiration, or be welcoming an opportunity that otherwise would not be there had we not chosen to follow our heart and arrive at that exact location and time. 
The only decision we have to make on a daily basis is to start following whichever things that give us whatever amount of joy out of all the available daily activities in front of us rather than coming up with a huge plan of action to get ourselves from point A to B because “it is the right thing to do” or “ everyone else does it .” 
If your only daily activities are comprised of chores such as house cleaning, meeting deadlines and cooking for a family of six, then invite yourself to do some (or all) of those things with as much joy and presence as you can , and to squeeze in a couple of little activities that bring you peace and make you come alive. They can be as simple as having quiet time to read for 15 minutes or working on that hobby when everyone goes to sleep. You just never know what may come out of them! 
Do not ever underestimate the power behind these little activities as they are what make the energy accumulate. Remember, it is always about being the “I am my highest joy at this given moment” energy rather than flooding ourselves with tasks and running around aimlessly for the simple reason that we cannot find our calling outside of ourselves, but we can remember or create it within us. The more we can allow that energy to flow to us and from us, the more the universe can bring us everything that resonates on the same energy level to help us remember and create our destinies. 
Is the path of committing ourselves to remembering, and eventually embodying our calling always peachy? The answer is no. It is a journey that is made of a thousand little steps of learning and choosing. Along the way of building my healing practice, I was constantly discouraged by my lack of knowledge and tools to run a business as well as overwhelmed by the millions of tasks I was constantly bombarded with. 
I invested a great deal of energy on training courses from learning how to write my about page to polishing up the content of my website so I can reach a larger audience. No matter how much I tried to tweak my writing while working with business coaches and alike, I was unable to meet their standards of using “simple and client friendly” language where I could explain what I do in a couple of sentences to an eight-year old. 
One day, exactly one year from the day I resigned from my last job, it finally hit me. While I will always remain grateful of the knowledge and support I have taken away from the courses, my writing reflects my true essence, and who I am at the core is someone who thinks, feels and speaks like the spiritual geek that I am proud to be. By giving myself endless tasks of to-do’s that do not align with my inspired actions, I am neglecting who I came here to be – someone who helps others heal, awaken and create through spiritual writing, healing and coaching. 
In fact, this article was entirely inspired by hours of staring at weeks worth of unfinished homework documents from my latest course with the sudden realization that the content of my website may never appeal to everyone, and that is perfectly ok. I was faced with two choices, to continue doing the daunting task of sounding like someone I am not, or being immersed in the joy of writing. The moment I chose the latter, a stream of inspiration poured in and gave birth to these words. 
At the end of the day, it isn’t about what we do, how we do it, what our titles are, how polished our website looks, how many credentials are displayed in our bios and how many award-winning books we’ve published. It is about whether we can allow ourselves to step into who we truly are, and boldly and lovingly declare our authenticity to the world. No vibration in the universe is more powerful than our energy when it becomes an extension of our divine calling. 
What are some things on your daily to-do list? Which ones of those give you any amount of joy? How can you insert more “feel good” activities into your life? How can you replace the aimless “to-do’s” with more inspired action? Your Calling is Your Own Creation 
Our souls have chosen a certain mission prior to birth, but the moment we become fully conscious of who we are and awaken to the creator within, we are no longer bound to any predetermined paths we laid out for ourselves before coming into this physical body. The more we are aware of our true essence and our connection with the divine source , the more empowered we become and the more we can claim the gift of free will which ultimately allows us to exercise our birthright as the conscious creator to Be, Do, and Have anything our soul desires. 
To achieve that, we must first free ourselves from everything that limits us. Limitations can take the form of fear such as fear of uncertainty/change, fear of lack, or even fear of success. Limitations can also manifest as endless excuses ranging from “I have a full time job with no time or money” to “I’m too old to do this.” In addition, limitations show up as disempowering beliefs including, “There isn’t enough for everyone” or “I am not special enough.” 
There is no one way to initiate that journey of liberation, there is only what works for you. Personally, I’ve found spiritual practices such as energy healing, Kundalini yoga, meditation, working with a spiritual coach, being in nature, journaling and reading inspirational books are all great ways to awaken. 
I used to be the queen of “what-if’s.” “What if I failed?” “What if I lost it all?” “What if I became a laughingstock?” One day, I grew sick of my negative what-if’s and decided to do a 180. “What if I succeeded?” “What if I learned something from this?” “What if I could help others?” I made a point to do this every day for months and it made a remarkable difference in my ability to exercise my free will. 
Prior to tapping into our true creator role, many of us feel like powerless victims who take whatever life throws at us. We may be passionate about answering our calling as an artist but end up working at a bank because we are afraid we won’t make ends meet. We feel limited, even enslaved by the conditions in our lives. We submit ourselves to our so-called fate and tell stories of how we aren’t fortunate enough to be one of those who seem to have it all . 
When we awaken, we become aware that we are who we say we are, and what we create as well as how we wish to experience everything in life depends on one thing and one thing only – our choice. 
Your calling is something you soul chose in the realm of the formless before it took on a body, and you can choose again at any time in this life because the truth is, your soul remains who you truly are while your body and mind are only additional tools for you to carry out your mission so you may experience your own creations physically in this 3D time and space dimension. That power of choice has never left you. Once you decide, allow the universe to bring you the rest of the co-creators to make it happen. 
It is time to unleash your free will and write your own destiny. There is nothing written in the stars that are foreshadowing who you are and what you can become. Once every part and every cell within you is aligned with this inner-knowing, you have awakened to the divine power of creation you have inherited. That power lives in you and patiently awaits for you to call upon it. 
You are neither your past, your birth conditions, your roles, your accomplishments, your credentials, your awards, your bills, your bank statements, your 9-5 job that makes you cringe every morning upon waking up, nor are you your body, your mind, your beliefs, your thoughts, your baggage, your limitations, your past relationships, even your soul contract. Deep down inside, you are a being powerful beyond your imagination. Once you remember all this, you will remember your sacred ability to create anything you wish and your joyous vibration will make the world just a little brighter. 
It matters not one bit if you do not know your calling. If you could start from a blank slate and create anything you wanted in life without limitations from this moment on, who would you be? What would you create? 
What is one small step you can take today to be that? 
Follow your heart. 
Juliet Tang is a Usui/Holy Fire Reiki Master, certified hypnotist and founder of Jewel’s Healing Garden , a holistic practice in New York that combines energy healing, hypnosis and intuitive coaching to help others achieve healing and personal transformation. Juliet empowers her clients to tap into the power of their unconscious to access the infinite wisdom and inner resources that can be utilized to carry out their visions. With her psychology background and a decade of teaching experience, in addition to the healing work conducted, Juliet also teaches her clients simple and powerful techniques to rewire old habits to reinforce desirable patterns in all areas in life. Her hypnosis/coaching packages can be found here . SF Source Wake Up World  ",0
7691,Netflix Casts a Wider Net for Original Documentaries - The New York Times,"It was early in March 2015, the filmmaker Ava DuVernay recalled recently, when she was approached by Lisa Nishimura, the vice president for original documentary and comedy programming at Netflix, who asked “if I had any story I wanted to tell. ” As it happened, Ms. DuVernay had been thinking “about an overview of where the United States currently stands in terms of mass incarceration. ” By September 2016, the resulting movie, “13th,” opened the New York Film Festival. In January, after screening in some movie theaters, being made available free to some academic institutions and streaming on Netflix, the movie received an Oscar nomination for best documentary feature. “13th” was one of several pictures produced by streaming services to make it to the Oscars this year, but Ms. DuVernay (who was coming off an intensive Oscar campaign for her 2014 film, “Selma,” when she first spoke to Netflix) said that awards weren’t her concern when making the film. Nor could she pursue them after “13th” was out she had already begun her next film, the fictional “A Wrinkle in Time,” adapted from the Madeleine L’Engle book. She also didn’t make press junket rounds ahead of awards season. What secured the nomination were two things: the movie’s extraordinary quality and the perspicacious marketing department at Netflix’s documentary division. A couple of months back, I wrote about some of Netflix’s original films, lightweight comedies of varying quality. Several developments suggest a widening of the company’s ambitions in documentaries. The service began streaming the Sundance Film Festival’s Jury Prize winner, the dark drama “I Don’t Feel at Home in This World Anymore,” a month after the movie won that prize. And, in what movie business journalists are almost unanimously terming a major coup, Netflix announced its acquisition of the rights to “The Irishman,” a   return to the gangster genre from Martin Scorsese, in late February. The documentary division, though, has been moving from hit to hit since the   series “Making a Murderer,” which, along with HBO’s “The Jinx” and the podcast “Serial,” gripped the public imagination with innovative approaches to true crime. Ms. DuVernay’s “13th” made the   lists of many film critics in 2016, and it wasn’t the only   documentary to be nominated for an Oscar this year “White Helmets,” about the war in Syria, actually took home a statuette in the Documentary Short category. Netflix also presented “The Ivory Game,” a Leonardo   exposé of elephant poaching. Flexibility of formatting is one component of this success story. On March 28, Netflix will premiere “Five Came Back,” about a group of prominent Hollywood directors and how they were changed by World War II, in three episodes. Mark Harris, the film’s screenwriter and the author of the book on which it is based (who is a longtime colleague and friend of mine) noted that had the project been picked up by a television network, “the directive would have been, ‘Please fill this   slot.’ Whereas with Netflix, the first thing they asked was ‘What should this be? ’” Ms. DuVernay recalled that Netflix’s commitment to making “13th” what she thought it should be remained consistent for the entire process. “After I started it, I realized that it needed to be about more than the immediate situation, and I wanted to add historical perspective” she said. “That meant an expanded budget, and expanded time. ” She noted that she wanted a      cut reduced to 100 minutes. “Lisa told me, ‘It can be two and a half hours.’ The   length was something I wanted. ” Ms. DuVernay added, “The division is filled with people who are real filmmakers, who have made documentaries, been in the editing room. ” What it looks like to the creator is borne in mind throughout the process Netflix’s goal over all, according to the filmmakers working with them, is to create distinctive stories. “In this line of endeavor, you hear about things like network notes, and that’s always a kind of vicious punch line,” Mr. Harris said. “We kept waiting for that moment, but it never came. [Netflix] was always constructive and supportive. ” Ms. Nishimura, the executive making all this possible, said she was lucky “to have come from a professional background that supports creators first. ” Before joining Netflix almost a decade ago, she worked with Chris Blackwell, the music entrepreneur who founded Island Records, at the indie film company Palm Pictures. When she joined Netflix, it was a DVD rental entity, and she was buying up titles and “overseeing relationships with creators worldwide. ” In the process, she discovered that audiences had a hunger for documentaries not always reflected at the box office. “Television ratings exist because of ads, which we’re free of, and box office has become so reliant on Friday night returns that it’s warped perceptions of what audiences want,” Ms. Nishimura said. “Just because a person doesn’t go see a documentary on a Friday night, it’s not a reflection on the film it’s just a reflection that maybe a documentary isn’t a film that a couple is going to want to see on date night. What we’ve discovered is that we can elevate storytelling and bring it to a global platform and create a cultural moment. ” (According to a Netflix spokeswoman, 73 percent of all subscribers  —   more than 68 million  —   watched at least one documentary on the site in 2016.) “Making a Murderer” certainly created a cultural moment, and “13th” did so on a scale that even its creators did not necessarily expect. “When we created it, we wondered whether or not it was a uniquely American story,” Ms. Nishimura said. “Really it’s a story of ‘the other,’ and how we treat each other as humans, and what can happen when that goes awry. And so it did get a response from a global audience. And will continue to. The docs live on our service forever. We’re allowing stories to continue to find their ceiling over time. ”",0
7692,How Do You Handle Dining With Big-Spender Pals? - The New York Times,"I dined out with two friends who earn much more than I do. As one perused the wine list, I asked him to choose a bottle under $100. (It’s more than I spend, but it felt like a compromise.) He ignored my request and ordered a more expensive bottle. And then another. I didn’t enjoy the meal I was too nervous about paying my share. When the bill came, my other friend said they would treat me. I was relieved but embarrassed. If I didn’t drink, I could probably back out of the booze portion of the bill. But I want to drink, just not the most expensive thing on the menu. Thoughts? J. S. CAMBRIDGE, MASS. “When I was young,” said Oscar Wilde  —   supposedly, along with every other snappy line that is not attributed to Dorothy Parker or Charles Nelson Reilly, “I thought that money was the most important thing in life. ” (Can you see where this is headed?) “But now that I am old, I know that it is. ” But money isn’t nearly as important as the things it represents: power, generosity  —   did I say “power”? It’s possible that your   pals always intended to treat you. But you’d think one of them might have said, “The wine’s on me,” before overruling your $100 limit. Or they may be the kind of people who like to lord their wealth over others. Still, good for you for speaking up. Don’t be cowed into silence by richer folk. No need to be embarrassed by our finances. We work hard, and our budgets are what they are. Next time, have a chat with known offenders before your meal. (“I’m on a budget and would like you to respect it. ”) And should any friend start grandstanding at the table, simply tell the waiter that you need another minute before ordering and lay out your reasonable request again. (“Nobody puts Baby in a corner. ”) Also: a Tanqueray martini with olives (typically $12 to $18) can be a nice alternative to wine. My wife and I have a swimming pool in our backyard. We often invite our son’s best friend (who is 6) and his family (mother, father and two younger siblings) to join us for the afternoon. The only problem is that these parents don’t watch their kids  —   at all!  —   when they are in the water. They’re so busy chatting with each other and us that their children could drown, and they wouldn’t even notice. At the risk of being a helicopter dad, is there anything we can do? DAN J. For the record, Dan: Keeping your children alive is not helicopter parenting. (Freaking out about whether they are in the Yellow Room or Green Room for   school? Helicopter!) By my count, you have at least four young children of unspecified aquatic skill splashing around in your pool. They require at least two   supervisors. If you are tremendously conflict averse, you and your wife can assume all lifeguarding duties (or stop inviting them). But it would be eminently reasonable to say to the less chatty of the parents: “I’ll watch Bob and Carol. Can you keep an eye on Ted and Alice?” Still, after diagnosing their inattentiveness, can you really trust either to safeguard a child’s life? I’m afraid that you and your wife are on the hook here. The good news? In 10 years, your son will want nothing to do with you. My husband and I went to a baseball game. We ended up with two extra tickets, so we sat in the middle of our four seats, happy not to have others next to us. Behind us, a man put his feet on the empty seat next to me (for which I had the ticket). This bothered me, but I didn’t say anything. Later, he adjusted his foot and almost kicked me in the head. I turned around and said, “Are you kidding me?” To which the man’s girlfriend replied, “Just relax. ” He left his foot where it was and began making loud noises that further diminished my enjoyment of the game. My husband thinks I should have said nothing, but I believe I was right to speak up. What would you have done? KATHY, NEW YORK Color me thunderstruck that anyone seems to know less about baseball than I do. But I believe the “loud noises” emitted from the man are called “cheering,” which people do in sports arenas. I would also point out that context is king. If he had put his Saint Laurent loafers on the seat beside you at the Metropolitan Opera, it would be an offense for which an usher might be summoned. But at Shea Stadium (or whatever they call the new one)  —   where beer is sloshing around the stands, and any man on the field seems to spit more than all the men I have known in my life combined  —   I would take a different tack. You were right. But rather than defaulting to angry sarcasm, try bonding: “Do you promise not to kick me in the head?” Then hope for the best.",0
7693,War Crimes Accusations: Guess Who’s Talking | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: USA in the World As the voices demanding to bring the sitting US administration to justice are getting l ouder, Washington is literally in panic, since it may soon be held responsible for hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths. These concerns have recently been intensified by Hillary Clinton’s electoral defeat, since it was obvious for the members of the Obama administration that would have been covering up those influential criminals along with the crimes they’ve committed. Since Hillary herself was heavily involved in the destruction of Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan, she’s has a deep personal interest in obstructing justice. The “panicky mood” in the White House was intensified even further by the announcement of the International Criminal Court (ICC) Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda , who stated that the ICC would start investigating US war crimes in Afghanistan. Under these circumstances the White House has started pushing its corporate propaganda machine to vilify Moscow and Damascus, to divert the attention from the damage the US inflicted upon the countries of the region, including Iraq and Syria. Western journalists have been “recommended” to go down hard on Russia, Iran, Syria so that a regular reader would assume that the humanitarian catastrophe and the exodus of migrants from the Middle East is someone else’s fault. An extensive amount of attention has been drawn to the situation in Aleppo, as virtually all Western leafless would feature pictures of a Syrian girl allegedly rescued from the rubble “after the inhumane bombing” of Aleppo. However, a number of French-speaking sites, in particular, the Réseau international, Antipresse or Arrêt Sur Info have already declared those pictures a blatant manipulation, since the gild has been photographed in several places being carried by three different militants of the “white helmets” that are pretending to be rescuers during the day only to transform into Islamist insurgents as soon as the darkness falls. At the same time the Pentagon tried to downplay the amount of “collateral damage” that the the US Air Force inflicts in Iraq and Syria. In particular, according to the statement by the representative of the Central Command of the US Armed Forces, Colonel John Thomas, during the period from November 2015 to September 2016 a total of 64 civilians was killed by American air strikes in Syria and Iraq. However, one could hardly call this number “inaccurate”, since it’s a blatant lie. Last January a single US air strike in the Aleppo region resulted in 24 civilians killed and more than 40 injured. Later on a air strike against the Kurdish village of Sulsana resulted in 19 civilian deaths, among which one may find 3 minors. In July, the village of Tokhars was burying 45 adults and 11 children after a bombardment carried out by the US Air Force. Finally, the village of Hamir lost 9 people to American bombs, including 4 minors. The US Air Force claimed the lives of 167 civilians, including 17 women and 44 minors in the Syrian city of Manbij in the period from May to July. As for the Mosul assault, that is being heralded in the West as the greatest achievement of “allied forces” to date, it’s been a massacre. On March 20, as the result of a direct hit on the local University, American pilots left 92 civilians dead and 135 more injured. On April 18, the US Air Force destroyed a local tank farm , killing 150 civilians in the process. Finally, on October 21 a funeral procession came under fire in Daquq, leaving behind 21 dead bodies. The incredibly modest evaluation of the “collateral damage” that US Air Force inflicts upon the Middle Eastern population has been heavily criticized by the Amnesty International along with a number of various experts. The charts that White House present them with show one civilian is being killed in Iraq and Syria per 200 US air strikes… At the same time the Pentagon admits that in Afghanistan there was at least one civilian victim per every 15 air strikes, while the latest report from the White House shows that civilians are being killed each 5 flight against possible terrorist targets in such countries such as Pakistan and Yemen. If these figures are to be applied to the number of air strikes that the US carried out in Iraq and Syria, it will mean that during the US-led air strikes resulted in at least more than 300 civilians killed, while 2,750 civilians looks like a much more accurate number. The Amnesty International has analyzed the data provided by Syrian human rights activists and local monitoring organizations only to come to the conclusion that a total of 11 air strikes that the Pentagon would launch a total of 300 civilians is to be killed, while Washington would only acknowledge a single death, if any. In total, according to various estimates, in the Syrian conflict has already claimed the lives of more than 300 thousand people. Therefore, the White House strongly spins the hysteria about the alleged guilt of Russia and Damascus in the deaths of civilians Aleppo, without presenting any evidence, which brings us to the conclusion that this is nothing but a cheap trick used to shift the focus of the public attention from the unbelievable amount of “collateral damage” Washington has been inflicting on Syria illegally, since nobody has invited it. But, as the announcement about the International Criminal Court investigation shows, the war criminals are to be established and brought to justice, no matter how hard they may try to avoid the responsibility for their war crimes. Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles ",0
7694,"California Officially Filed U.N. Paperwork, Secession ACTUALLY Happening | Conservative Daily Post","
Posted by Martin Walsh | Nov 23, 2016 | Breaking News If they want to go, we will let them 
This feeling of a President Trump is a breathe of fresh air. You can feel it in your communities all across the country and in your own life. You can feel yourself imagining things that you want to accomplish because Trump has already instilled a cultural change that breeds toughness and hard work. 
Democrats and the lying media slammed Donald Trump for months when he argued that he may not accept the results of the election. Now that he has won, ironically, it has been the media and Hillary’s supporters that are refusing to accept the results of the election. 
Aside from thousands of whiny, entitled liberals flooding the streets with their violence and tears because they just cannot deal with a President that has said mean things, the state of California has made a major announcement. 
Fox News has reported that the state of California has filed a measure with the state’s attorney general to have a question appear on the 2018 election ballot asking whether the state should secede from the United States. CONFIRMED: #Calexit independence plebiscite ballot measure sponsored by #YesCalifornia has been accepted by the California Attorney General. 
— Yes California (@YesCalifornia) November 21, 2016 
Marcus Evans, the vice president of a secessionist organization called Yes California , told the Sacramento Bee that he filed paperwork with the government in order to allow the state the opportunity to succeed from the United States. 
The group only needs 500,000 signatures of California residents for the question to appear on the ballot. 
The large group argues that California would be the world’s sixth-largest economy, and that he and his fellow citizens have been subsidizing other states through their federal taxes while their own infrastructure has taken a hit. 
The group said they plan to seek independence through the United Nations over apprehension that Congress will not be warm to the proposal. Still waiting on Clinton, Obama, and Democrats to denounce the violence and riots. Maybe if they had jobs they wouldn't have time to riot… 
— Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) November 21, 2016 
“We’re not ashamed about going around Washington to achieve it,” group president Louis Marinelli said, “Congress can’t tie its shoes.” 
Let one thing remain crystal clear: if California wants to secede from the United States, they should get ready to go. 
For starters, they house the most illegal immigrants in the entire country, making the entire state a Sanctuary City. They would lose billions in federal funding from that alone. If California were to secede, they would also guarantee that Republicans would effortlessly win the White House every four years. 
California is also forgetting that the United States would tax them at very high rates on food, water, and everything else they need to survive. If California still wants to secede, then they can gear up and get ready for a war they will never win. 
President Trump can alter the structure of the wall, as well. Should they officially secede, we can build a wall across their eastern and northern borders in order to isolate them off from the entire country. We don’t need them 
We would also be able to better control drugs and cartels. If California wants to accept and protect millions of illegal immigrants, they can keep them. It would make the United States that much safer. 
The United States does not need the state of California. They do not provide anything that we do not already have–they have zero leverage. They would be a Nation that cannot survive without assistance from others. 
If they really want to leave this great Nation, let’s help them out. Sign the petition and help spread the word. ",0
7695,ACLU Telethon: Tina Fey Says Trump ’Gave Up’ Assaulting Women ’for Lent’,"Actress Tina Fey hosted the American Civil Liberties Union’s (ACLU)   “Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU” fundraising telethon Friday, where she ripped President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. [In a searing   comedy routine, Fey slammed President Trump’s proclamation Friday declaring April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.  “Earlier tonight, in what is surely an April Fools’ joke, the president proclaimed that next month will be National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, so now we know what he gave up for Lent,” the former Saturday Night Live star said. Riffing on reports that Vice President Pence declines to dine alone with women who are not his wife, Fey said, “Luckily, Mike Pence isn’t allowed to go down and shut Planned Parenthood unless his wife goes with him. So if we can just keep Karen busy scrapbooking, we can all still get Pap smears”:  The fundraising telethon, which streamed live on Facebook, also featured Tracy Morgan, Amy Poehler, Jon Hamm, Mahershala Ali,   Miranda, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Tituss Burgess. At one point, “alternate universe current first daughter of the United States” Chelsea Clinton was introduced, and she addressed “voter suppression. ” “The right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy,” Clinton said. “It gives us, each and every citizen, a voice in how our government works. Sadly, this fundamental right is under attack all across the country. Dozens of states have passed laws in recent years making it harder to vote. These laws disproportionately affect minority groups, the poor, and the elderly. Millions have been disenfranchised by voter ID laws alone. ” Clinton also urged people to continue to resist Trump’s political agenda. “I’m not giving up,” she said. “I hope that none of you are giving up because we know that our right to vote is fundamental, precious, and worth fighting for”:  In a video promoting the ACLU telethon, celebrities insisted that the nonprofit organization has “been preparing for this fight” against the Trump administration: The ACLU has been leading the legal fight against President Trump’s immigration executive actions. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson.",0
7696,"James Turk – What Donald Trump Faces Is Very Different From What Ronald Reagan Faced, Expect Major Market Moves…","55   King World News 
As we kick off the third week of trading in November, today James Turk spoke with King World News about why what Donald Trump faces is very different from what Ronald Reagan face, but here is the good news… 
James Turk: “ Congratulations to Mr Trump. If his presidency is as remarkable as his election, Eric, he could go down in history as a great president. I expect that a lot of things will change because of Trump. That’s what voters want… Sponsored 
I’ve seen polls showing that 70% or more of the electorate believes the country is headed in the wrong direction. A result like that cuts across party lines. 
The last time I felt like this about the potential for major systemic change was when Reagan became president in 1981. Coincidentally, a lot of people back then were shocked that Reagan would be president, just like the shock we are seeing today with Trump’s victory. I hope that with his performance that Trump confounds his cynics just like Reagan did. 
With Reagan the coming systemic changes were pretty obvious because Paul Volcker had already been appointed as Fed chairman and had unsettled the markets by increasing interest rates. That signaled a major inflationary cycle was ending. 
The Reagan presidency began a new disinflationary cycle, which lasted until Bush No. 2 took office. Annual increases in monetary debasement once again became measurable, and the gold price began rising in response. 
I am not convinced at this time that we are at the end of any cycle, but I nevertheless expect circumstances will indeed be different going forward. My thinking is that the present cycle of monetary debasement is not going to end or even just abate as occurred with Reagan. 
The change I expect is the trend of purchasing power erosion will accelerate. Trump of course could change that trend. He is so far making the right statements. Lower taxes and less regulation will indeed improve the economy. A stronger economy will increase tax revenues, which will be needed to fund the infrastructure spending that Trump is promising. 
But so far he seems to be ignoring a key issue. The federal government’s debt has become so big it is now unmanageable. To illustrate my point, let’s take Trump at his word that he is going to control government spending so it doesn’t increase the deficit, even though he is going to increase spending for defense and infrastructure. Let’s assume that the increased spending in these two areas is covered by higher tax revenue from economic growth, and is therefore neutral to the deficit. 
But what if interest rates rise to a more normal 5% as some are predicting? 
Let’s assume Mr Trump saves money by completely eliminating the Departments of Commerce, Education, Housing and Labor. Then he also eliminates the Environmental Protection Agency, and throws in some other savings by completely eliminating International Assistance Programs, NASA and the National Science Foundation. 
Add it all up and Trump saves about $200 billion each year. That’s about equal to the additional annual interest expense on the $20 trillion federal government debt if rates rise 1%. So if interest rates rise to 5%, the federal deficits are going to soar. To fund those deficits, the Federal Reserve is going to have to do a lot of money printing, which of course will debase the dollar by eroding its purchasing power. 
The important point is that if the Fed hikes rates, then rising interest rates will   borrow even more just to pay interest on its debt, which creates a vicious cycle that will ultimately destroy the dollar. But if interest rates stay low, the Fed destroys savers and capitalism because it is eliminating the incentive to save any national currency, which lowers the demand for that currency and in this way too the Fed ultimately destroys the dollar. 
So in either scenario, the dollar is toast, but there is a solution…This will be continued tomorrow in part two of James Turk’s powerful interview. In the meantime, for those who are interested in hearing more about the gold market and the Trump shocker, KWN has just released   gold,   more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview   Legend Art Cashin On A Trump Presidency, The New World Order, Gold, Brexit, The Great Depression And Why We Will See Panic  ",0
7697,"U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   Alarmed over North Korea’s increasingly provocative behavior, the United States said Tuesday that it had started to deploy an antimissile system in South Korea that China has angrily opposed as a threat to its security. The deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, or Thaad, came after North Korea launched four ballistic missiles on Monday, apparently in response to joint naval exercises by South Korea and the United States. Those launchings led South Korea to call for the accelerated deployment of Thaad. A spokeswoman for the United States forces in South Korea said that one of five major components of the missile system had arrived on Monday. Officials said it could take a couple of months for the system to become fully operational. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had urged the South Koreans to move ahead with the deployment of the system during a visit to Seoul in February. In telephone calls on Monday to South Korean and Japanese leaders, President Trump said the United States would stand with its Asian allies and take steps to defend against North Korea’s growing ballistic missile threat. Mr. Trump emphasized that the United States was taking steps to “enhance our ability to deter and defend against North Korea’s ballistic missiles using the full range of United States military capabilities,” the White House said in a statement. China has been incensed over the deployment of the system, fearing it could give the United States military the ability to quickly detect and track missiles launched in China, according to analysts. A spokesman for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Geng Shuang, said Tuesday that China would “take the necessary steps to safeguard our own security interests, and the consequences will be shouldered by the United States and South Korea. ” Mr. Geng warned the two countries not to “go further and further down the wrong road. ” Yang Xiyu, a former senior Chinese official who once oversaw talks with North Korea, said China was worried that the deployment of the system would open the door to a broader American network of antimissile systems in the region, possibly in places like Japan and the Philippines, to counter a growing Chinese military. “China can see benefits only for a U. S. regional plan, not for South Korea’s national security interest,” he said. The state media recently encouraged Chinese citizens to boycott South Korean products and companies over the Thaad issue. The Chinese authorities recently forced the closing of 23 stores owned by Lotte, a South Korean conglomerate that agreed to turn over land that it owned for use in the Thaad deployment. Hundreds of Chinese protested at Lotte stores over the weekend, some holding banners that read, “Get out of China. ” Adm. Harry B. Harris Jr. the head of the United States Pacific Command, announced the start of the deployment, saying that “continued provocative actions by North Korea, to include yesterday’s launch of multiple missiles, only confirm the prudence of our alliance decision last year to deploy Thaad to South Korea. ” The developments come as South Korea is consumed by turmoil over the impeachment of President Park   whose administration agreed to the Thaad deployment. But with the president facing possible removal from office over a corruption scandal, the fate of the system had been in doubt. Its accelerated deployment could make it harder, if not impossible, for her successor to head off its installation. Moon   an opposition leader who is the   in the race to replace President Park, acknowledged that it would be difficult to overturn South Korea’s agreement to deploy the system. But he has insisted that the next South Korean government should have the final say on the matter, saying that Ms. Park’s government never allowed a full debate on it. Last year, thousands of people in Seongju, a rural southern county in South Korea, protested when it was announced that a Thaad battery would be established there. They said they feared that the system would harm their agricultural livelihoods. Many South Koreans also worry that any expansion of military ties with the United States could worsen already festering tensions with North Korea and China. Under its deal with Washington, South Korea is providing the land for the missile system and will build the base, but the United States will pay for the system, to be built by Lockheed Martin, as well as its operational costs. The United States military statement said that “the first elements” of Thaad were deployed on Monday, the same day as the North’s missile launchings. A   cargo plane landed at the United States military’s Osan Air Base, about 40 miles south of Seoul, on Monday evening, carrying two trucks, each mounted with a Thaad launchpad. More equipment and personnel will start arriving in the coming weeks, South Korean military officials said. “South Korea and the United States are doing their best to make the Thaad system operational as soon as possible,” the South Korean Defense Ministry said in a statement on Tuesday, adding that the system was necessary “to protect South Korea from the nuclear and missile threat from North Korea. ” The ministry declined to specify when the system would be operational. But the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported that the deployment was likely to be completed in one or two months, with the system ready for use by April. The arrival of Thaad equipment was announced after South Korea’s acting president, Hwang   talked with Mr. Trump on the phone on Tuesday morning. The two leaders condemned the North’s missile tests as a violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions and agreed to beef up the allies’ joint defense posture, strengthen sanctions and step up pressure against the North, Mr. Hwang’s office said. On the phone with Mr. Trump, Mr. Hwang called the North’s nuclear and missile threat a “present and direct danger” to its allies, his office said. The Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, said he spoke for 25 minutes on Tuesday with Mr. Trump, who reiterated his pledge to stand by Japan “100 percent,” according to the public broadcaster NHK. “I appreciate that the United States is showing that all the options are on the table,” Mr. Abe said, adding that Japan was “ready to fulfill larger roles and responsibilities” to deter North Korea. Takashi Kawakami, a professor of international politics and security at Takushoku University in Tokyo, said the deployment of Thaad could put the United States in a stronger position to consider a   strike on North Korea. If the United States took such action, he said, “North Korea is going to make a counterattack on the U. S. or Japan or another place, so in this case they will use Thaad. ” With tensions increasing over the deployment of the system, some in China have advocated stern measures, including severing diplomatic relations with South Korea, or more. A retired general, Luo Yuan, even suggested that China destroy the system with a military strike. “We could conduct a surgical   operation that would destroy the target, paralyzing it and making it unable to hit back,” General Luo wrote in Global Times, a   newspaper.",0
7698,Iraqi Volunteer Forces To Help Syria Fight Terrorists,"  Carol Adl in Middle East , News // 0 Comments 
Volunteer fighters from Iraq’s Popular Mobilization Units say they will cross the border to join the Syrian government and its allies in the ongoing fight against terrorists. 
A spokesman said on Saturday that the fighters plan to cross the border into Syria to fight alongside President Bashar al-Assad after clearing northern Iraqi territories from the ISIS terrorist group. 
Press TV reports: 
“After clearing all our land from these terrorist gangs, we are fully ready to go to any place that contains a threat to Iraqi national security,” Ahmed al-Asadi said during a briefing with journalists in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad. 
The Popular Mobilization Units, generally known by the Arabic title Hashd al-Shaabi, are currently contributing to Iraqi military’s large-scale operation to liberate the northern Iraqi city of Mosul from Daesh. The Shia fighters have announced that they would mostly help the drive around Mosul and not enter the city to avoid accusations of sectarianism. 
The volunteer forces on Saturday began an offensive west of Mosul to cut supplies between the city and Raqqah, the de facto capital of Daesh in Syria, to tighten the siege against the militants and liberate the town of Tal Afar. 
The forces have played a major role in previous offensives against Daesh in central and western parts of Iraq. The group’s members have already fought alongside Syrian forces against various terror groups, but the Saturday announcement could formalize their involvement in Syria. 
Over the past months, Syria has managed to recapture swathes of land from Daesh and other groups in east and north of the country. During the nearly six-year battle, the Syrian military has heavily relied on fighters from Lebanese resistance movement, Hezbollah, as well as advisory military support from Iran. Russia also helps Syria in the fight against terrorists through a series of coordinated airstrikes on their positions.",0
7699,G.O.P. Chief Discourages Rule Changes That Seem to Block Donald Trump - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The chairman of the Republican National Committee has privately urged members of the party’s rules committee not to make changes to the guidelines governing the presidential nominating process, an effort to avoid the appearance that the party is seeking to block Donald J. Trump from becoming its nominee. The chairman, Reince Priebus, whom associates describe as increasingly frustrated by Mr. Trump’s criticism of the   process, sent a text message last week to multiple rules committee members strongly suggesting that they not alter the convention rules when the party convenes next week for its spring meeting in Florida, according to two who received the message. Separately, a group of influential rules committee members held a conference call Thursday to prepare for the meeting and reached a consensus that they would derail any attempt at the gathering to make changes to the how the convention is conducted, according to a committee member on the call. “We’re not going to do anything with the rules next week,” said Rob Gleason, chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party and a longtime member of the rules committee. “There’s no point because new rules will be written at the convention. ” The matter of convention   is the sort of arcane intraparty business that rarely draws attention from even the most committed political enthusiasts. But with the prospect of a contested convention and a divisive   waging a   campaign against the party apparatus, issues of how individual states select their delegates and who can or cannot be placed in nomination have become a   drama. With Mr. Trump and his supporters on the lookout for any maneuvering that can be construed as a backdoor attempt to cheat him of the nomination,   Republicans see little to be gained by tinkering with procedures that could well be disregarded before the July convention. While the standing rules committee of the party can set nominating guidelines, they are effectively only suggestions. It is a rules committee comprising 112 delegates that actually writes the rules governing the convention, and those are only implemented if they are approved by a full vote of all the Republican delegates in Cleveland. Further, with 17 states still left to vote in the Republican primary campaign  —   and considerable uncertainty about whether and by how much Mr. Trump will fall short of attaining a delegate majority before the convention  —   it is not even clear what rule changes could be made now that would diminish his chances if party insiders even wanted to tilt the playing field. “What upside is there for us to muck around with the rules,” said Steve Duprey, the New Hampshire Republican committeeman and a rules committee member. The committee, under pressure to conduct a transparent campaign and irritated at Mr. Trump’s claims of unfairness, is moving more aggressively to explain how the primary works and pointedly rebutting their own  . “The rules surrounding the delegate selection have been clearly laid out in every state and territory, and while each state is different, each process is easy to understand for those willing to learn it,” Sean Spicer, a senior party official, wrote in a memo released to the public on Friday. “It ultimately falls on the campaigns to be up to speed on these delegate rules. ” But Mr. Trump shows no sign of curbing his complaints, and his campaign appears to be only escalating its argument. In an essay published in Friday’s Wall Street Journal, Mr. Trump argued that Senator Ted Cruz’s efforts to elect his supporters as delegates to Cleveland so they may support him at a   convention after they are no longer bound to the results of their state’s vote amounted to “  scheme. ” “Voter disenfranchisement is not merely part of the Cruz strategy  —   it is the Cruz strategy,” Mr. Trump wrote, inveighing against “ ‘ ’ delegates who reject the decision of voters. ” Mr. Trump’s assault on the Republican Party and the nomination process it oversees is seen by some in the party as the makings of a strategy to gain an advantage with those delegates who will be unbound, and therefore political free agents, on the first ballot. These delegates could be pivotal if Mr. Trump narrowly falls short of 1, 237 delegates at the end of the primary season and needs a handful more to help him clinch the nomination on the first vote in Cleveland. But one leading Republican from a state that will send 54 unbound delegates to the convention suggested that such tactics would not be effective. “We’re not playing beanbag,” said Mr. Gleason, the Pennsylvania chairman. “This is for president of the United States. ”",0
7700,Покуда есть на свете дураки…,"Покуда есть на свете дураки… 13 ноября 2016 Происшествия 

Компьютерным гениям, знающим все входы и выходы в web-технологиях, изучившим от «А» до «Я» замысловатое построение трансляторов и вникнувшим в непростую архитектуру ЭВМ, в наши дни не страшен никакой кризис. Уж кто-кто, а талантливый программист сегодня без куска хлеба не останется. Человеку с головой на плечах – все карты в руки! Правда, почему-то некоторые «повелители гигабайтов» не желают ограничиваться пресным ломтём хлеба – стараются во что бы то ни стало урвать у жизни огромный кусок пирога… 
Эксперты ESET бьют тревогу. Интернет-аферисты придумали новый способ незаконного обогащения. Злоумышленники в этот раз подключились к близкой каждому из нас теме уплаты налогов. Хитрые мошенники действуют весьма продуманно, используя особый метод психологического воздействия на жертву. 
Преступники отправляют пользователям сети необычные спам-рассылки. В качестве адресанта посланий выступает якобы представитель налогового ведомства. Опасные письма изложены официальным стилем, грамотно и последовательно. Человек, получивший весточку от службы «поборов», естественно, сразу настраивается на плохую информацию, подспудно ожидая расставания с N-ой суммой. Но тут его, не поверите, ждёт большой сюрприз – долгожданное торжество справедливости! Налоговые органы в письме счастья неожиданно сознаются о недочётах в своей работе. И – о, чудо! «Налоговики» заявляют, что хотели бы вернуть неправо пострадавшему гражданину его же кровные денежки, будто бы некогда переплаченные в казну. Сумма к возврату, как приманка на крючке, достаточно «вкусная». Рано или поздно жертва клюёт, а дальше – дело за малым. 
Пользователь, поверивший в чудеса, переходит по указанной в письме ссылке для оформления мифического договора – и попадает на сайт, умело стилизованный под ресурсы налоговой инспекции. Жертве предлагается заполнить подробную анкету и ввести все данные персональной банковской карты, включая баланс. Средства, бережно хранимые на карточке доверчивого человека, после нескольких кликов, успешно «перелетают» в карманы кибермошенников. 
Интернет-злоумышленникам удаётся одурачивать на расстоянии одновременно нескольких человек. Назвать кибермошенников глупцами как-то даже язык не поворачивается! Вот придумают же! Корпят, пыхтят над своими «проектами» – и получают реальные результаты. Как поётся в песне кота Базилио и лисы Алисы: «Покуда есть на свете дураки, обманом жить нам, стало быть, с руки…» 
ESET настоятельно рекомендует всем нам игнорировать подозрительные рассылки, защищать свои ПК антивирусными программами и перестать, наконец, наивно «вестись» на чудеса. Нет, в сказки-то верить можно, а вот самим сказочникам – категорически нет.",0
7701,Will Carlos Danger Cut a Deal?,"American Thinker November 1, 2016 
The criminal investigation underway over Anthony Weiner’s alleged child sex infraction has a couple of characteristics that make it especially awkward for Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin, the estranged wife of Weiner and close companion of Hillary. 
Ed Timperlake points out to me that in an underage sex investigation, all electronic communications of the investigative target are pursued. This probably led to the grand jury that was announced 11 days ago issuing a subpoena for all of the devices in the possession of Weiner and his family, including Huma. As Lucianne Goldberg quipped, they even seize the Speak & Spell toys in these cases. This grand jury is in New York, possibly less politically supervised than the first Hillary email investigation. 
Evidently, some of these devices were not turned over in the first investigation and contained “pertinent” emails. We do not know with certainty, but some reports indicate the pertinent emails may have been found on Weiner’s laptop. Recall that the initial investigation did not convene a grand jury and did not, therefore, have subpoena power. It is possible that Huma Abedin misled the FBI over the existence of pertinent emails on her then husband’s computing devices. 
So what could have been on the laptop Carlos Danger used for sexting? 
Adam Yoshida, with a background in information technology consulting for affluent and powerful people emails: 
…Clinton [was] using e-mails seemingly like most people use IMs or text messaging. Her holding onto Blackberries (and seven switching back to older models when the software was upgraded) [demonstrates this]. It might even explain at least SOME of the motivation for the e-mail server itself. I’ve seen plenty of cases where a powerful person says basically, “I want my e-mails on this thing” and, regardless of whether it’s a good solution, people respond, “ready-aye-ready.” 
So, what could they have found on Weiner’s computers that would have caused such alarm? 
I’d think one of two things: 
1) Either that Huma signed in her e-mail account at one point and, presumably, it being Exchange or IMAP, dumped the whole account onto the computer and that account has plenty of e-mails between her and Clinton that were deleted. 
Or – 
2) There’s mention of Huma having a Yahoo account to which she would forward things for printing purposes. This struck me right away because, of course, printers are often difficult to configure as are e-mail accounts. It struck me as strange, yet very believable, that she mentioned that she’d forward stuff to that Yahoo account to print them. I mean, printing in theory should be platform agnostic, but – if you’re technically unsophisticated – you might have serious problems trying to setup an e-mail account or a printer on a device. Thus I imagine a scenario where she has a portable machine that either she can’t (or can’t be, for some reason) configured to use her home printer and a desktop machine (I imagine an slightly-older iMac here) that’s physically connected to the printer that serves as a shared “family computer” or whatever. She either can’t setup the e-mail account on that computer (perhaps it requires a VPN or something like that) or doesn’t want to, so she forwards everything that she wants to print to the Yahoo account that she does have setup on that computer. The FBI takes this computer as part of the Weiner investigation and, bam, they find thousands of e-mail messages – again, evidence of what was destroyed earlier.",0
7702,Merkel Floats Fake News at Trump Presser: TTIP Deal is ‘Bilateral’,"In the first joint press conference between U. S. President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the German leader claimed that a trade deal between the U. S. and the EU would be like a trade deal between two countries. [Trade was the topic of much of the press conference between the two leaders as President Trump has made the subject one of the pillars of his administration. During the press questions, a reporter from German paper Die Welt asked Ms Merkel if she thought that a trade agreement between the EU and the U. S. would be multilateral or bilateral.  Merkel said and agreement like the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) would be bilateral, indicating that she viewed the European Union as its own country, rather than a federation of countries. “I believe that the president has clearly set out his philosophy as to what trade agreements have to bring about for the American side as well. I personally don’t think that Germany needs to negotiate and not the European Union. “We’ve devolved our competences to the European Union, so the European Union, or rather the commission, negotiates on behalf of the member states,” Merkel said outlining that it is the unelected commission of the EU, whose role it is to be at the table for trade deals. “So that’s not going to prevent us from concluding agreements and indeed this would then qualify as a bilateral agreement between the EU and the United States if we had it,” she added. “The question is will it benefit both countries or not?” she said. President Trump has made it clear that he supports bilateral trade deals over multilateral deals that can often involve a dozen or more countries with different values and different economic interests. One of the president’s first acts after assuming office was to scrap TTIP which, unlike Merkel, he did not believe was bilateral. The view of Angela Merkel, that of   and of a centralised European Union, is being heavily challenged by countries like Hungary who wish to see reform in the union and more emphasis on the individual countries, than the central EU bureaucracy. In April France will start the process of electing a new president and   migration candidate Marine Le Pen has already hit out at Merkel’s philosophy saying that she, like Trump, wants to put her country first and end the experiment of centralised supranational organisations like the EU.  A win for Le Pen would likely strike a huge blow for Merkel and her philosophy.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com,      ",0
7703,"Devotion to the Stage, and to a Newborn - The New York Times","Recently, I went a whole month without seeing a play. Five weeks, actually. For most people, this is a profound nonevent. For me, it was a marvel. And also sort of a problem. I was a   adolescent who became a college actress who became a theater critic. I don’t really know what to do with myself if I’m not spending a lot of my week sitting in a creaking plush seat, staring up at a stage. You could call this a vocation. You could also call it an addiction. You’d be right. Why the hiatus? My son was born in late June it seemed wise to take some time off. Still, I jokingly told an editor that I’d tried to schedule my delivery for a slow point in the season. This may not have been a joke. I likewise sent an email to a publicist, teasingly proposing theater matinees for nursing mothers. Also not entirely a joke. My leave has baffled my toddler daughter, who’s used to waving me away an hour or two before her bedtime. “Mama, don’t you go to shows anymore?” she asked. Even my husband seems a little surprised to see me sitting across from him at dinner. It feels strange to me, too. Luckily, it’s never been easier to enjoy theater without actually going to the theater. I can stream David Tennant’s “Hamlet” online while I nurse, or play the “Hamilton” cast album while I rock the baby to sleep. I can download audiobooks of plays to hear while I’m pumping, or listen to radio drama podcasts like “The Message” or “Welcome to Night Vale” while pushing the stroller. I can go to the library and take out stacks of scripts, including the   “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” which I read   cuddling the baby with the other. He and I might even slip into a movie theater for an encore presentation of a broadcast of “The Audience” or “A View From the Bridge. ” (In truth, I’ve done all of these things, except for sneaking the baby into the cinema, though that day may come. And yes, I’m aware that this is a weird and possibly even mildly pathological way to spend a maternity leave, but once I’d caught up on “UnReal” and read “The Girls” and a bunch of Lew Archer mysteries, I started to feel a little restless.) These are good options. For one thing, they’re democratizing. Theater is inherently local. It is also often expensive. DVDs and live streams make an experience that was once available to only a few accessible to many, a phenomenon that would have made my preteen self, who used to obsessively play cassettes of original cast recordings of shows I would never see, weep for joy. And they’re a mental workout. Scripts and podcasts excite the imagination even more than live theater, forcing us to picture the characters, the settings, the actions and the gestures. (Which is salutary for those experiencing the synaptic haze of “mommy brain. ”) But as grateful as I am for PBS’s “Great Performances,” Methuen collections of Caryl Churchill, YouTube clips of “Chess” (which I can sing, enthusiastically and off key, overture to finale) none of it feels really, properly like theater. What’s missing, of course, is the sense of liveness, the thrill of the present tense. Theater is the art form most like life. Sure, the dialogue is snazzier, and the clothes fit better, but it’s performed by real people, in real space, in real time. A video, however   can’t substitute for that. Theater presents a laboratory for human life that obliges me think about my own  —   my marriage, my family, my ways of moving through the world. It’s why a good play feels meditative, even therapeutic. (I’ll confess that after a breakup, I once wept my way through a Broadway production of “Private Lives” and felt a lot better afterward.) I learn about my life by slipping, mimetically, into others’ as they walk and chat in front of me. And I don’t have to meditate alone. Plays ask us to come together to engage with people and relationships presented just a few feet away  —   farther, if you have a balcony seat  —   while still allowing us the privacy that darkness confers. It offers community and anonymity at once. Additionally, a script or a streaming site won’t provide theater’s ephemerality, the sensation that each performance will never recur in exactly the same way. Perhaps this isn’t always meaningfully true. Plenty of productions alter little from one night to the next. But every show depends on the audience assembled. By simply bunching together in the dark, each of us contributes to the event each of us creates it. My    daughter wouldn’t articulate it that way, but I’ve seen her experience it. She loves moments when she’s asked to clap or shout along. My husband and I took her to her first show, Soho Rep’s antic,   kiddie play, “Washeteria,” when she was a year and a half, and she still remembers how the performers reached into the crowd and gave high fives. It’s that scene that’s stuck with her, even as she’s forgotten everything else about the play. As a relatively   adult, I obviously have a somewhat more fraught relationship with audience participation, but on the right night, I can still feel some of her wonder. The opportunity for reflection, the evanescence, the liveness  —   they go a long way toward explaining why, even though I’m usually at the theater four or five nights a week for work, I still sometimes see plays for fun. It’s why I’ve tried to find a performance of some sort on almost every vacation my husband and I have taken. It’s why three or four weeks after my son was born, I started looking up outdoor Shakespeare offerings, searching for something we could see together, with exits all around in case he fussed. It’s why, a few nights ago, my mother and I settled him into an infant car seat, and we all rode through Brooklyn, from Park Slope to a park in Bushwick, which was hosting an evening performance of Dave Malloy’s theatrical song cycle “Ghost Quartet. ” The park didn’t feel much like a theater. It was breezy there and still warm, with flocks of pigeons wheeling overhead, and hot dog and ice cream carts lining the paths. I was relieved to see that other parents had taken babies. I counted a handful of older children, too. (“Ghost Quartet” is wonderfully creepy I hope they didn’t have nightmares.) When the lights turned on, and the show began, I rocked my son from side to side in time to the music. He shut his eyes and nestled against my chest, while I looked up at the makeshift stage, home in the world again.",0
7704,LEAKED EMAIL REVEALS GOOGLE CHAIRMAN WANTED TO BE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ‘HEAD OUTSIDE ADVISOR’,"Home › POLITICS | US NEWS › LEAKED EMAIL REVEALS GOOGLE CHAIRMAN WANTED TO BE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ‘HEAD OUTSIDE ADVISOR’ LEAKED EMAIL REVEALS GOOGLE CHAIRMAN WANTED TO BE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ‘HEAD OUTSIDE ADVISOR’ 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google’s parent company Alphabet, wanted to be “head outside advisor” to the Hillary Clinton campaign, according to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta in an email released by WikiLeaks. 
WikiLeaks has continued to reveal Schmidt’s cozy relationship with the Clinton campaign. In a previously leaked email, a memo showed that Schmidt was working directly with the Clinton campaign on setting up various backend features to their website. 
In an April 2014 email from Podesta to Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook discussing the launch of Hillary’s campaign, Podesta described how much Schmidt wanted to work with the campaign. 
“I met with Eric Schmidt tonight. As David reported, he’s ready to fund, advise recruit talent, etc. He was more deferential on structure than I expected. Wasn’t pushing to run through one of his existing firms. Clearly wants to be head outside advisor, but didn’t seem like he wanted to push others out,” Podesta wrote . He added, “Clearly wants to get going. He’s still in DC tomorrow and would like to meet with you if you are in DC in the afternoon. I think it’s worth doing. You around? If you are, and want to meet with him, maybe the four of us can get on the phone iN the am.” Post navigation",0
7705,Shooting Scares Show a Nation Quick to Fear the Worst - The New York Times,"“It sounded like a stampede of cattle,” Donna Melanson said  —   30 to 40 people fleeing, terrified, through Los Angeles International Airport on Sunday night. “Everyone is yelling, ‘Shooter, shooter, shooter,’ and they start diving under the seats to hide. ” Ms. Melanson, 53, a yoga instructor who was waiting to fly home to Miami, grabbed her bag and joined the stampede because, she said, “I couldn’t think of why people would be running unless there was a true emergency. ” There was not. A loud noise mistaken for gunfire led to rumors that spread at blazing speed in person and on social media, setting off a panic that shut down one of the nation’s busiest airports, as passengers fled terminals and burst through security cordons, and as the police struggled to figure out what was happening and to restore order. Far from being an isolated episode, it was essentially what had happened on Aug. 13 at a mall in Raleigh, N. C. on Aug. 14 at Kennedy International Airport in New York on Aug. 20 at a mall in Michigan and on Aug. 25 at a mall in Orlando, Fla. In the wake of terrorist attacks at airports in Brussels and Istanbul  —   and against other targets in Paris San Bernardino, Calif. Orlando Nice, France and elsewhere  —   Americans are primed, when they hear a loud bang or screams, or see a crowd break into a run, to think in terms of mass killings and active shooters. Yet crime statistics show that over all, violence in the United States is as low as it has ever been, and experts say the fear far exceeds the risk. “I would say that we are in the grip of a moral panic,” said John Horgan, a professor of global studies and psychology at Georgia State University who specializes in the study of terrorism. “The constant threat perception of being vulnerable to mass violence has seeped into our collective consciousness. ” Sam Macon, 36, a documentary filmmaker who was at the Los Angeles airport on Sunday, said: “People who were running had absolutely no idea why they were doing so. I don’t think it takes a social scientist to understand that the general tenor of American society right now is that we’re all wound up pretty tight. ” The recent   panics injured dozens of people, some of them seriously. Kokila Patel, 66, and her husband, Manu, 74, had just finished lunch at a Panera in the Crabtree Valley Mall in Raleigh on Aug. 13 when she heard a noise and turned to see panicked shoppers surging toward them. People had taken   sounds for gunshots, screamed, dived into stores and made a chaotic rush for the exits, paying little heed to what was in their way  —   including the Patels. The crowd knocked the couple down and trampled Ms. Patel, breaking her right femur and leaving her to wait in searing pain for two hours until police officers in tactical gear arrived and helped carry her out of the mall on a plastic display table. Surgeons braced her shattered leg with a steel rod, plate and screws, but the pain is still intense. Ms. Patel, who usually travels to India for three months each year with her husband, remains homebound. “People always think, ‘A gunman, a gunman,’” said Ms. Patel, who with her husband was earlier interviewed by The News and Observer. “People’s mentality are changing. People are always being afraid. ” Mr. Patel said he could see fear on the faces of the people who rushed over him and his wife. “They thought that somebody’s there to kill them,” he said. “Psychologically, we have been damaged. ” Social media feeds that kind of frenzy, said Roxane Cohen Silver, a professor of psychology and social behavior at the University of California, Irvine. “There’s rapid dissemination of information on social media that’s not being filtered by anybody,” she said. “This provides the unfortunate opportunity for rumors to be transmitted very quickly, without any ability to evaluate the veracity. ” Before there were television news reports about what was happening at the Los Angeles airport, she said, her son in Chicago had called to tell her, “I’m watching Twitter videos of people running at LAX. ” At the Florida Mall in Orlando, popping balloons were apparently mistaken for gunshots. At the Twelve Oaks Mall in Novi, Mich. it was a glass door toppling to the floor, knocked over by thieves who had smashed a glass display case in a jewelry store to grab two luxury watches. As the robbers ran, so did shoppers, and people posted videos of the chaotic scene on social media and said  —   falsely  —   that shots had been fired. That message spread fast, and calls to the Novi police overwhelmed the 911 system, shunting overflow callers to the state police. “It’s a wildfire you try to control,” said Detective Sgt. Scott Baetens of the Novi Police Department. “We try to put out timely and accurate information. But you can’t put it out fast enough to beat Twitter and Facebook. ” Once people start to flee, it is fairly normal for others to join in, experts say  —   even people who did not hear any suspicious sounds or rumors of terrorism. But people who study crowd psychology and the fear of terrorism say the steady stream of news reports of bloodshed has heightened anxieties out of proportion to the threat, making panic more likely to take hold. “This overexposure can cause increased fear, anxiety and helplessness, particularly in already psychologically vulnerable populations,” said Daniel Antonius, an assistant professor of psychiatry at the University at Buffalo. He described “a national anxiety” about mass attacks that did not reflect the real level of danger. Dr. Horgan stressed that in addition to physical violence, “terrorism is fundamentally a form of psychological warfare, and it’s one of the greatest ironies that we help give it its strength in our reactions to it. ”",0
7706,'Alt-Right' Meeting Full Video Replay: People Give Hitler Salute For Donald Trump,"
“Hail Hitler” and “Heil Victory” – do they eerily sound the same? It’s because it is. Alt-Right groups are performing Nazi-like salutes for President-Elect Donald Trump. What is the Alt-Right? 
The Alt-Right consists of white supremacist groups most likely composed of college-educated white men upholding the superiority of their skin color and believing in every right-wing propaganda. 
Such groups have gone almost extinct under President Obama’s administration, reduced to a few sites and pages on social media. However, they surfaced with renewed vigor after Donald Trump’s victory in the 2016 elections. 
Their leader, Richard B. Spencer, emerged as something of a wannabe Adolf Hitler and is calling for his followers to take back the U.S. as theirs. 
Read Also: Russia Bombs Syria After Putin Speaks With Trump 
On November 20, a crowd of people gathered in front of the Ronald Reagan pavilion in Washington to listen to Spencer’s speech. 
After quoting the Nazi propaganda in German, Spencer called the assembled white people “children of the sun.” In his speech, he expressed the central idealism of the group – that white-skinned Americans were born to conquer, not follow. 
The speech concluded with shouts of “Heil the people! Heil victory!” The people had their arms stretched out in front of them, reported the New York Times . 
There was little doubt as to what Spencer meant when he reiterated the belief that white-skinned Americans should not live in the shadows anymore. That the time had come for their “awakening to their own identity.” 
Read Also: US, Syria, Russia And Iran International Relations Improving After Donald Trump Win Donald Trump Cabinet 
During his Presidential campaign, Trump’s demeanor and discourse were equated with the most notorious leader of all time, Hitler. However, after his victory, his cabinet choices are leaving little to the imagination. 
Trump has picked Steve Bannon, founder of the Breitbart website, to be his strategist. Breitbart is widely known to to be a platform for alt-right news. 
What’s more, Richard Spencer expressed that he is looking forward to Bannon shaking things up in the White House. 
The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum vehemently condemned the “hateful rhetoric” spreading throughout the nation. 
Read Also: Mike Pence Upholding Torture For Interrogation Under Donald Trump Administration? 
“The Holocaust did not begin with killing, it began with words,” said the museum in a statement, reported Business Insider . “The Museum calls on all American citizens, our religious and civic leaders, and the leadership of all branches of the government to confront racist thinking and divisive hate speech.” Nazi-Like Salute For Trump 
There are other instances of alt-right supporters celebrating Trump’s victory in a Nazi-esque fashion. 
A restaurant called Little Italy in Washington D.C. recently issued an apology for mistakenly hosting a banquet for a group called National Policy Institute (NPI), reported CBS News . Apparently, the group had tweeted a photo of some of their members giving a Nazi-salute to Donald Trump . 
“This expression of support of Hitler is extremely offensive to us, as our restaurant is home to Teammates and Guests of every race, religion and cultural background,” said the restaurant on its Facebook page . 
“We want to sincerely apologize to the community of Friendship Heights for inadvertently hosting this meeting, which resulted in hateful sentiment,” it added. ICYMI! A restaurant unintentionally hosted a white supremacist dinner that included #TilaTequila ! https://t.co/jnVdtUUKkr pic.twitter.com/f6sdPCwVpS ",0
7708,Vicente Fox Trolls Trump on Twitter: ’Are You a Legitimate President?’ - Breitbart,"Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox took to Twitter on Friday to question the legitimacy of   Donald Trump’s election win. [Sr Trump, the intelligence report is devastating. Losing election by more than 3M votes and in addition this. Are you a legitimate president?  —   Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) January 6, 2017,   The Tweet comes after a declassified report on Russian interference into the U. S. election was made public. According to officials, Russia did try to influence the election, but there was no tampering with voting machines and the outcome of the election was not impacted. Fox, who has blasted Trump’s campaign for months, took to Twitter on both Thursday and Friday to criticize the wall that Trump plans to build along the southern border to curb illegal immigration. Trump may ask whoever he wants, but still neither myself nor Mexico are going to pay for his racist monument. Another promise he can’t keep.  —   Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) January 6, 2017,  TRUMP,  when will you understand that I am not paying for that fucken wall. Be clear with US tax payers. They will pay for it.  —   Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) January 6, 2017,  Fox’s Tweets about the wall also come as news reports surface about the Trump administration requesting funds from Congress to build the wall.",0
7709,Volkswagen to Pay $14.7 Billion to Settle Diesel Claims in U.S. - The New York Times,"Volkswagen has agreed to pay up to $14. 7 billion to settle claims stemming from its diesel emissions cheating scandal, in what would be one of the largest consumer   settlements ever in the United States. The proposed settlement involving the federal government and lawyers for the owners of about 475, 000 Volkswagen vehicles, includes a maximum of $10. 03 billion to buy back affected cars at their   values, and additional cash compensation for the owners, according to two people briefed on the settlement’s terms. The cash compensation offered to each car owner will range from $5, 100 to $10, 000. Both the buyback price and amount of the additional compensation will depend on the cars’ value before Volkswagen’s public admission last September that its supposed “clean diesel” cars had been deliberately designed to cheat on   tests. Despite the scope of the deal, which would still require the approval of the federal judge overseeing the case, the settlement would cover only a small fraction of the 11 million diesel cars worldwide  —   most of them in Europe  —   that Volkswagen has acknowledged contained the cheating software. But in the United States, “It’s a remarkable deal for Volkswagen owners who were defrauded by the company,” said David M. Uhlmann, a former chief of the Justice Department’s Environmental Crimes Section who is now a law professor at the University of Michigan. Rather than sell their vehicles back to Volkswagen, car owners in the United States can also choose to have their vehicles fixed to meet emissions standards, although doing so would probably reduce the engines’ performance and gas mileage. And the methods for fixing the vehicles that Volkswagen has proposed are still subject to approval by the Environmental Protection Agency, one of the federal parties to the case. Volkswagen will also compensate previous owners who may have sold their diesel vehicles after the cheating became known last year  —   but at only half the rate of the compensation being offered to current car owners. Particularly attractive is the combination of the buyback offer and cash payment, which appears to be the better option for consumers, Mr. Uhlmann said. “It’s hard to see why consumers would want to take advantage of the fix and not the buyback option, unless they just love their cars,” he said. “For Volkswagen, it’s an extremely expensive settlement, far more than many analysts predicted. ” The settlement terms, first reported by Bloomberg News, are to be submitted on Tuesday to a federal judge in California. Volkswagen would also pay $2. 7 billion into an E. P. A. fund, the two people said, to compensate for the environmental impact of its cars, which were fitted with software that enabled them to pass emissions tests but exceed legal pollution limits in    driving. Volkswagen has also agreed to spend $2 billion on new   projects, an investment that the automaker could reap returns on. All told, the civil settlement would be the largest yet by an automobile company, dwarfing the $1. 4 billion that Toyota paid to settle a   lawsuit over flawed accelerators and the more than $2 billion General Motors has paid so far to settle claims from owners of cars with faulty ignition switches. Toyota, in addition, paid $1. 2 billion to settle criminal charges, while G. M. paid $900 million. The size of the settlement would approach the $18. 7 billion agreement that BP reached last year meant to resolve all federal, state and local claims against the oil giant arising from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, which at the time was the largest civil settlement with any single entity in the nation’s history. Since then, as a result of additional claims, BP’s payouts have grown. Volkswagen has said it has set aside 16. 2 billion euros, or more than $18 billion, to cover fines and compensation to Volkswagen owners. And yet, Volkswagen’s legal problems would be far from over. Volkswagen faces a criminal inquiry by the Department of Justice and an investigation by attorneys general in 42 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The attorneys general are expected as soon as Tuesday to announce their own settlement with Volkswagen, for $500 million in penalties for defrauding consumers, according to a person briefed on the deal. Financial regulators in New York are also investigating whether Volkswagen overcharged consumers when the company leased or financed sales of diesel cars that it later admitted were designed to cheat on   tests. In a subpoena sent to Volkswagen on Monday, the state’s Department of Financial Services also sought information from the German automaker on insurance coverage required for Volkswagen and Audi cars financed or leased in New York. The automaker is under investigation in a number of other countries, including Germany and South Korea. Volkswagen acknowledged last year that it had installed illegal software in 11 million cars worldwide that made them capable of defeating pollution tests. During emissions testing, the cars’ pollution controls systems were turned on, curbing toxic emissions at the cost of engine performance. But those emissions controls were not fully engaged on the road, where its cars spewed nitrogen oxides at up to 40 times the levels allowed under the Clean Air Act. The proposed settlement requires a review by United States District Judge Charles R. Breyer in California and must go through a period of public comment, during which terms could yet change. Affected Volkswagen owners are not bound by the settlement, and some may decide to press for better terms. Nor will the deal address terms for the owners of 85, 000 Volkswagen and Porsche cars sold in the United States that had a different type of diesel engine but also had emissions problems. Negotiations over a settlement for those cars are still underway. Volkswagen faces increasing discontent from owners in Europe, meanwhile, who account for by far the greatest number of the 11 million vehicles with illegal software. As a result, the settlement talks in the United States present Volkswagen with a dilemma. Any agreement that satisfied American owners would only increase demands from restive Volkswagen owners in Europe. The automaker is recalling cars in Europe to make them compliant with air quality rules, but is not offering owners any compensation. Limits on nitrogen oxide are less stringent in Europe, so it has been easier for Volkswagen to find a fix that regulators will approve. Still, owners in Germany, France and other places have been trying to find ways to sue Volkswagen, even though European laws generally discourage   suits. Some political leaders in Europe have also been calling on Volkswagen to pay car owners.",0
7710,MIT ’Moral Machine’ Asks Users Who Should Die from Runaway Self-Driving Cars - Breitbart,"MIT is using a peculiar twist on the   ethics “Trolley Problem” in order to understand the decisions people believe   vehicles should make. [Moral Machine is a simple site, operating on binary choices in difficult situations. The essential conceit is that of an autonomous vehicle experiencing total brake failure which will cost lives in the inevitable accident. Your job is to choose which lives are more valuable over the course of the 13 given scenarios.  It’s a problem that could just as easily be applied to human drivers, but is specifically geared toward helping researchers at MIT understand the decisions that a human would rather a robot make in the fraction of a second the AI would have to react. The choices given are simple and direct, though some are easier than others. It’s not difficult to choose who should survive between a family of four over some dogs in an accident, but once the problems include occupation, gender, or background for those involved, things get stickier. That specification can be made after you finish all 13 questions, if you choose to help MIT understand the reasoning behind your decisions by adjusting sliders weighted toward various aspects of each. The relative value of humans to animals, men to women, young to old, and others is assumed by the choices you’ve made, but can be altered to more clearly reflect your intent. Furthermore, you can then write out your thoughts and answer     questions about your likelihood of purchasing an autonomous vehicle, your level of trust in the technology, and other optional demographic details. Finally, the site will compare your choices to the average for all users, including the characters you most often chose to save or kill. It’s important to understand that vehicular fatalities will never be wholly eliminated, barring some sort of technological revolution that can eliminate the risk of mechanical failure, or somehow guarantee that human error or intervention cannot ever be deadly. The questions posted by Moral Machine are less “if” than “when,” and will have to be answered in a future where we may not always be in control behind the wheel of the metal shells hurtling our families from place to place. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
7711,Can Donald Trump Win? These Battleground Regions Will Decide - The New York Times,"With Donald J. Trump pulling even or ahead of Hillary Clinton in a series of recent national polls, the once unthinkable has become at least plausible. But if he is to be elected the 45th president, he must compete on a political map that, for now, looks forbidding. In the Republican primaries, he proved a master of nationalizing the political debate, appealing to voters across regional lines with jeremiads about immigration and crime that captivated an almost uniformly white primary electorate. At the outset of the general election, Mr. Trump has dominated the    political combat on national television and social media. In the general election, however, his fate will be determined not by his Twitter followers or a relatively homogeneous Republican electorate, but by a set of interlocking and increasingly diverse regions, home to some 90 million Americans, that hold many of the 270 electoral votes he needs to win. Republicans enter the general election at a hefty disadvantage: Since the 1992 campaign, 18 states have voted consistently for Democrats in presidential elections, giving their party a firm foundation of 242 electoral votes to build upon. And in the four regions likely to decide the presidency  —   Florida, the upper Southeast, the Rust Belt and the interior West  —   Mr. Trump faces daunting obstacles, according to interviews last week with elected officials, political strategists and voters. Of course, months remain before voting begins, and this political year has defied many predictions. But if Mrs. Clinton clinches the Democratic nomination as expected, she may find an electoral bulwark in these coveted   voters. MIAMI  —   Had Republicans nominated Marco Rubio or Jeb Bush for president, Tomás Regalado would have hurled himself into the task of electing their candidate. “I would have been all in,” Mr. Regalado, the Republican mayor of Miami, said in his office overlooking Biscayne Bay. Instead, Mr. Regalado, a former broadcast journalist, intends to sit out the presidential race. He considers Mrs. Clinton untrustworthy, but views Mr. Trump as a poisonous candidate who has aggravated racial divisions. In Miami, Mr. Regalado said, Mr. Trump is seen as “a bully, as a person who despises people that don’t look like him. ” Mr. Regalado, 69, said he had been inundated with angry email, some of it mentioning Mr. Trump by name. “Sometimes they say, ‘Yeah, Trump is right, you guys have to all go back to your country,’” said Mr. Regalado, who was born in Havana and emigrated as a teenager. “This is my country. I can’t go back to Cuba. ” Since Mr. Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee, he has consolidated support from national party leaders and from many in the rank and file. He has pulled nearly even with Mrs. Clinton in many polls, including in Florida. But the southern tip of the nation’s most populous swing state has been a blazing exception to the trend  —   most of all in   County, a densely populated bastion of diversity that cast about a tenth of the statewide vote in 2012. If Mr. Trump has effectively staked his campaign nationwide on strong support from whites, Florida may present the most punishing test of his strategy, as Hispanics here, including     who twice helped George W. Bush carry the state, turn away from his candidacy en masse. Mr. Trump has trampled local sensibilities in myriad ways, from his belittling treatment of Mr. Rubio and Mr. Bush to his personal coarseness, slashing comments on immigration and endorsement of open relations with the Castro government. In addition to Mr. Regalado, two Republican members of Congress from Florida, Ileana   and Carlos Curbelo, have said they will not back Mr. Trump, as has Carlos A. Gimenez, the Republican mayor of   County. All four are  . Early polls show voters in the area resoundingly rejecting Mr. Trump: A Quinnipiac University poll this month found Mr. Trump about even with Mrs. Clinton statewide, but losing a band of southeastern counties, including   and Broward, by 38 percentage points. Roxana M. Leon, 63, an independent voter raised in Chile, said she wanted major change in Washington, but found Mr. Trump too objectionable to support. “He’s not the right person,” said Ms. Leon, who works as a secretary. “I am sick and tired of the old establishment, but I will vote for Clinton. ” Some voters who were once intrigued by Mr. Trump now regard him with distaste. Carlos Guerrero, 55, said he had been willing to “look the other way” on many of Mr. Trump’s speeches  —   including “the way he speaks of Latin people”  —   because he liked Mr. Trump’s overall message. But Mr. Guerrero, a Republican who described himself as a religious Catholic, said he recoiled when Mr. Trump began attacking Heidi Cruz, Senator Ted Cruz’s wife. “He is not qualified to run this country,” Mr. Guerrero, who is an actor, said of Mr. Trump. “This country was made by people who believed in God. ” Should Mr. Trump get trounced in South Florida, he might be   to make up the difference elsewhere. Trump supporters believe he can improve upon Mitt Romney’s performance in North Florida, in the conservative panhandle region and in the Jacksonville area. But Mr. Romney found it difficult in 2012 to overcome a catastrophic defeat in Miami. He cut into President Obama’s support across most of Florida, but the president held steady in Tampa and Orlando, two other diverse cities, and expanded his margin of victory in   by about 69, 000 votes over his 2008 lead. Mr. Obama ultimately captured Florida by about 74, 000 votes. Mr. Trump has his supporters here. Norma Samour, the owner of a shopping center, said she was a habitual Republican voter and would likely back Mr. Trump despite some mixed feelings. “He will make the United States more like it was 15 years ago,” said Ms. Samour, 56, who was raised in El Salvador and is of Palestinian descent. “People all over the world used to respect the United States. ” Yet the falloff Mr. Trump faces has, at a minimum, severely hindered Republican efforts to win statewide. Mr. Gimenez, the   mayor, said nominating Mr. Bush or Mr. Rubio would have allowed Republicans to challenge the Democrats’ dominance in South Florida. “I don’t think the margin of defeat in Miami itself would have been as large,” Mr. Gimenez said. “Because of that, they may have been able to carry the state. ” ALEXANDER BURNS RALEIGH, N. C.  —   North Carolina has a split political personality. Consider Debbie Holt. A staunch supporter of abortion rights, Ms. Holt, 56, who owns a barbecue restaurant in downtown Raleigh, makes clear where she stands on other fronts in the culture wars with signs in her storefront window: “Stop profiling Muslims,” says one. Another: “Go To The Bathroom Where You Feel Best. ” Yet Ms. Holt is also an outspoken supporter of Mr. Trump. “He don’t take any stuff, just like me,” she drawled in between ringing up   customers, using a more piquant word for stuff. Shannon White is as confused about her presidential preference as Ms. Holt is confident. A Mormon and Arizona transplant who usually votes for Republicans, Ms. White said she had no regard for Mrs. Clinton but doubted Mr. Trump’s adherence to any principles and was uneasy about his “abusive” language. “I’m actually thinking more that I am going to go Libertarian,” Ms. White, 42, said after wrestling with a mannequin at the apparel store she and her husband recently opened. For decades, this state has embodied contradictory impulses, simultaneously electing a racial   like Jesse Helms and New South Democrats like Terry Sanford and Jim Hunt. But, as its demographics shift, discerning which way the state will tilt in November seems harder than ever. North Carolina may be the most evenly divided presidential battleground in the country. Its two biggest population centers, Charlotte and the   Research Triangle of Raleigh, Durham and Chapel Hill, have been transformed by an influx of political centrists from other states. The   party registration preference is not Republican nor Democrat, but unaffiliated. The rural white “Jessecrats,” conservative Democrats who reliably cast ballots for Mr. Helms, are dying off. Elections are now won in the   edge towns like Cary, outside Raleigh, which natives joke stands for Containment Area for Relocated Yankees. Neither Mr. Trump, with his   nationalism, nor Mrs. Clinton, with a swirl of scandal surrounding her, is a natural fit for a state that hungers for political moderation but is increasingly disenchanted with the political class. “They don’t like either party and they don’t like either candidate,” said Carter Wrenn, a veteran Republican strategist here. “It will just depend on which one they dislike less on Election Day. ” Polls show Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton begin the general election close to evenly matched. The surest sign of a jump ball: Democrats believe Mr. Trump starts with a narrow advantage, while Republicans believe Mrs. Clinton does. What they agree on is that, as at the national level, Republicans are largely coalescing around Mr. Trump and ruling out the possibility that Mrs. Clinton could run away with the state. Then again, Mr. Trump needs North Carolina much more than Mrs. Clinton does. With his difficulties among Hispanic voters pushing typical swing states such as Colorado, Nevada and Florida toward the Democrats, Mr. Trump will probably need to carry the combined 28 electoral votes from North Carolina and Virginia to capture the White House. But Virginia, demographically and politically, is a step to North Carolina’s left, increasing the pressure on Mr. Trump to win here. While Mr. Obama twice carried Virginia, by six percentage points in 2008 and by less than four in 2012, he won North Carolina by less than one percentage point in 2008 and then, in a more closely contested election, lost North Carolina in 2012 by about two points. Some Republicans worry that the backlash to the   bathroom bill, aimed at transgender people, that Gov. Pat McCrory signed into law in March could lead moderates to cast their ballots for Democrats in November. But Democrats fret that the deep unpopularity of both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, and the   campaign to come, could depress turnout among the state’s centrists and progressives. Finishing breakfast with her    daughter at a Raleigh diner, Adrian Blackwell, 37, who works in medical sales and voted for Mr. Obama twice, said she would sit out the election. “I really can’t in good conscience give my vote to Hillary or Trump,” she said, citing Mrs. Clinton’s establishment ties and Mr. Trump’s policies. “I feel worried for our country. ” Brad Crone, a Democratic strategist, acknowledged that “Trump is doing better than folks think,” saying that   and “Hillary’s high negatives” had created a difficult environment for her. What could tip the scales for Mr. Trump here is if he can improve his negative image, as voters’ opinions of him appear less fixed than they are of Mrs. Clinton. “I’m not a fan of his antics,” said Rick Peele, 57, who works for an architecture firm, leans Republican and was meeting a friend for lunch in downtown Raleigh last week. “But I haven’t been impressed with Hillary, either,” he added quickly. Asked when he had faced such a choice for president, he shot back: “Never. ” JONATHAN MARTIN   Pa.  —   Mr. Trump’s best play for the White House is to cut a swath through the Rust Belt, flipping states traditionally won by Democrats that harbor large numbers of the white   voters who have welcomed his hard line on immigration and trade. A handful of victories in the Rust Belt states stretching from Pennsylvania to Wisconsin could allow Mr. Trump to lose Florida and still become president. But all Rust Belt states are not equal: Ohio, which Mr. Obama won by just two percentage points four years ago, is the most likely Republican pickup. Michigan, which Mr. Obama won by about 10 points, is the biggest stretch. Pennsylvania  —   the   battleground in 2012 after Ohio  —   perennially tempts Republicans to pour in resources in hopes of expanding the electoral map. To win the Rust Belt, a region that has generally gone Democratic in six straight presidential elections, Mr. Trump will have to win here. The challenge for him in Pennsylvania is to expand his appeal to   voters without alienating   Republicans, including women repelled by his   insults and businesspeople who doubt his conservatism. “I support the Republican Party, but I’m not personally on the Trump train,” said Melissa Wilson, a preschool teacher in Chester County, outside Philadelphia. “I might not vote for president. I don’t think that he’s going to be able to speak to other nations and not cause us problems. ” If enough   Republicans like Ms. Wilson reject Mr. Trump, his Rust Belt dreams will probably be thwarted. “He has to pull away the marginal Obama voters, which tends to be lower socioeconomic whites,” said Henry Olsen, an electoral analyst at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center. “The question for Trump is whether his persona and issue stance will alienate classic Romney voters in the managerial class. The margin for error is very small. ” Two counties in eastern Pennsylvania may best illustrate the give and take: Luzerne, where   white Democrats are flocking to Mr. Trump, and Chester, the state’s wealthiest. In Luzerne County, registered Democrats far outnumber Republicans, but Mr. Trump won more votes in his April primary than Mrs. Clinton did in hers. Before the vote, 4, 647 Democrats and independents in Luzerne County switched their registration to Republican  —   nearly four times the number of Republicans and independents who reregistered as Democrats. Mrs. Clinton’s allies say she would need to hold on only to Mr. Obama’s coalition of young people, women and minorities to carry Pennsylvania. But Republicans say Mr. Trump is making his own new math, and some Democrats acknowledge worries. “I know families who’ve been lifelong Democrats who switched to Republican to vote for Trump,” said Mike DeCosmo, the chairman of the Luzerne County Democratic Party. “Pretty much the same thing happened when Reagan ran. ” Mr. DeCosmo mentioned a family who owns a   business in Hazle Township, a father and four adult sons, active Democrats who left the party. “All   workers,” he said. “It’s really tough. ” In   the county seat, two members of the plumbers and pipe fitters union, Matt Hilstolsky and Jason King, pledged on their lunch break to vote for Mr. Trump, despite expecting their union to endorse Mrs. Clinton. “Bringing back jobs is the No. 1 thing,” Mr. Hilstolsky said. Elaine Bernardo, who works in customer service for Nabisco  —   the maker of Oreos that Mr. Trump often assails for moving production to Mexico  —   said she was a Democrat, “but a Republican at heart,” and planned to vote for Mr. Trump. “The middle class is being eradicated,” she said, pointing to sinking economic fortunes in the area. “People who have homes that were in a certain price range can expect now 50 percent of the value they could have gotten 30 years ago. They are having their houses sold at tax sales. ” In relying on white   voters, Mr. Trump is bucking a demographic tide: The share of those voters in the Rust Belt is on the decline, while the share of college graduates is rising, said Ruy Teixeira, an elections analyst at the liberal Center for American Progress. “Trump is trying to run up historically large margins” among the white working class, Mr. Teixeira said, “but there’s less of them to run up. ” In Chester County, by contrast, it seems as though minds are still being made up about Mr. Trump. Val DiGiorgio, the county Republican chairman, said he hears from both “Main Line Republicans” of the Philadelphia suburbs who say they will not vote for Mr. Trump and others, including “a lot of Democrats and independents,” who are energized by his candidacy. “The question is whether Trump makes up enough ground with those type of voters to offset what he’s going to lose,” Mr. DiGiorgio said. He gave him a   chance. At a   for a state lawmaker in West Chester this month, guests in business attire expressed strong misgivings about voting for Mr. Trump. But some were already reconciling themselves to the idea. “I’m not enthusiastic I’m afraid he isn’t trustworthy,” said Peg Layden, a grandmother who said she voted for Mr. Cruz in the primary. “But I will definitely vote for the nominee. ” TRIP GABRIEL PHOENIX  —   Héctor Salinas, 21, was born in this city but grew up in Mexico. Nancy Herrera, 31, was born in Mexico but entered the United States illegally when she was 3 and gained legal status only when she married an American citizen 10 years ago. They are   at Mi Familia Vota, a nonprofit, nonpartisan group that helps Latinos become citizens and register to vote. They are barred from discussing specific candidates, but this year they have not had to. “The moment we talk about immigrant rights, immigration reform, people stop us and say, ‘Where do I sign? I’m going to vote this year because I don’t want Donald Trump to be my president,’” Mr. Salinas said. Arizona is both a flash point in the nation’s immigration battles and a microcosm of a changing United States. One in three residents is Latino, and one in four Latinos is old enough to vote. And while the white population is aging  —   its median age is 43  —   the median age of Latinos is 26. Already, Hispanics are a majority of public school students. “The voters of tomorrow,” said Joseph Garcia, the director of the Morrison Institute Latino Public Policy Center at Arizona State University. But will Hispanics vote this year? The November election presents a unique enticement. Not only is Mr. Trump on the ballot, but so is one of his most outspoken supporters: Joe Arpaio, the swaggering Maricopa County sheriff who is seeking   and was found in contempt of court this month for defying a federal judge’s order to stop profiling Latinos. “The Democrats have the best chance of winning Arizona since Bill Clinton won Arizona in 1996,” said Jaime Molera, a Republican strategist and former state schools superintendent who worked for former Senator Jon Kyl, one of the most conservative voices in Congress. The 2012 election offered a good window into how ethnicity and age play out here in politics. Mr. Romney carried the state by about nine points, winning   of the white vote and 71 percent of voters 65 and above. President Obama was favored by 63 percent of voters under 30 and gathered almost   of the Latino vote. Latinos might well help turn Arizona blue. But if the left and right here agree on anything, it is that Latinos alone may not be able to do so just yet. They will need help from moderate Republicans and independents, who together form the state’s most potent voting bloc. With Mrs. Clinton showing weakness on the Democratic side, peeling off those     and    voters will not be an easy job  —   but it is being done by going door to door, by   groups and   Democratic candidates. All are seeking to capitalize on animus toward Mr. Trump and Mr. Arpaio, particularly among younger voters, who have grown up hearing stories about the sheriff’s harsh treatment of Latinos. (Maricopa County, whose seat is Phoenix, is home to about 60 percent of Arizona’s population.) Canvassers and candidates alike are highlighting the financial costs and reputational harm to Arizona brought on by Mr. Arpaio’s crusades against undocumented immigrants. And they are portraying Mr. Trump’s and Mr. Arpaio’s stances as indistinguishable. “Arpaio is the original Trump,” said Stacy Pearson, the campaign manager for Paul Penzone, a former Phoenix police sergeant making his second run for sheriff as a Democrat, after nearly defeating Mr. Arpaio in 2012. “Trump’s      approach could have been a slogan for Arpaio’s entire career. ” In an interview, Mr. Arpaio welcomed the association, saying the November elections would not be decided by party affiliation or ethnicity. “Personalities count more than ever this time around,” he said. Republicans, he added, “have nothing to worry about. ” But Mr. Molera, the Republican strategist, said that “if Republicans say they’re not concerned, they don’t want to admit it or they just don’t get it. ” An immigration law enacted in Arizona in 2010, which gave the police broad powers to stop people they suspected of being in the country illegally, spawned several civil rights groups that have recruited many young Latinos. Drawing on their own experiences  —   seeing parents deported, neighbors caught in workplace raids, siblings who dropped out of college after the state required undocumented immigrants to pay    tuition  —   these activists are advising immigrants of their rights and pressing those who are eligible to register to vote. Sometimes it means pressing people who are not eligible to vote. “I spent 30 minutes talking to a man  —   he was very angry, very disillusioned,” said Mr. Salinas as he prepared to knock on doors on Phoenix’s overwhelmingly Hispanic west side. “He was undocumented, but he took home three voter registration forms for his kids. ” In 2010, there were 91, 000 Latinos registered to cast their ballots by mail in Arizona. This month, the number has climbed above 300, 000  —   and state officials say that people who vote by mail are twice as likely to cast their ballots. “A lot of people are tired of all the stuff that keeps pushing them down,” Mr. Salinas said. “We want to turn the light on so they can believe again. If they believe again, they’ll participate. And if they participate, change comes faster. ” FERNANDA SANTOS",0
7712,"Weakened Militarily, ISIS Still Has Power to Sow Deadly Mayhem - The New York Times","In the past few weeks, the Islamic State has sustained a string of military defeats: ousted from its refuge on the Libyan coast, struggling to maintain its hold on the Iraqi city of Mosul, and losing ground in Syria. Yet as the deadly truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin made clear, those losses do not diminish the group’s extraordinary power to inspire terrorist mayhem around the world, and may even help fuel it. In just the past year, even while under near continuous bombardment by the   coalition, the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for more than three dozen attacks, stretching across 16 countries on four continents. That figure does not include the organization’s home terrain in Syria and Iraq, where it has lost 50, 000 fighters in the past two years, according to the Pentagon  —   nearly as many dead as the United States lost in the Vietnam War. Many of the attacks beyond the Middle East were carried out by assailants who cited their inability to reach the group’s Syria refuge, its   caliphate, as a motive for acting at home. At the core of the Islamic State’s global success  —   and vulnerability  —   is a peculiar blend of theological boldness and criminal opportunism, something Al Qaeda, its predecessor and rival, never achieved. “ISIS’ claim to represent the caliphate has clearly been a trump card,” said Bernard Haykel, a professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University, referring to the group by one of its acronyms. “It stirs deep sentiments, even among those who are not converts to the cause, about a utopian and powerful Muslim empire, and one that seemed, for a while at least, to be unstoppable militarily. ” At the same time, the Islamic State has cannily lowered the bar for what passes as an attack. The Berlin truck rampage  —   like the deadly attack in Nice, France, in July  —   is a case in point. Both were as simple as it gets: The attackers commandeered trucks and plowed them into crowds of pedestrians. No weapons were needed (although the Tunisian suspected in the Berlin attack, who was killed in a shootout in Italy on Friday, is believed to have used a weapon to steal the truck). Al Qaeda began promoting exactly such a truck or car attack seven years ago, complete with illustrations, through a slick   internet publication called Inspire. But there were no takers. “For years, this kind of   stuff was sniffed at,” said William McCants, a scholar at the Brookings Institution. “U. S. counterterrorism officials were long confused as to why this wasn’t happening. But ISIS has succeeded in doing what Al Qaeda never did  —   it’s an open invitation to wreak havoc. ” The Islamic State has had its share of good luck: The Syrian conflict that began in 2011 created a vast ungoverned zone that was virtually an invitation to seize and hold terrain, much as other jihadist groups had done for much shorter periods in Yemen and Afghanistan in years past. The emergence of the Islamic State came just as social media was in full bloom, and it benefited from an inflow of Western jihadist militants who could give its propaganda more reach and polish than any previous insurgent group. The Islamic State was also endowed with an unusual mix of military expertise  —   many of its core members were former Iraqi officers with plenty of battlefield experience  —   and religious erudition. Arriving when the Arab world seemed to be collapsing, it deftly marshaled the skills of a cadre of young, intelligent Islamic fundamentalists such as the Bahraini religious scholar Turki al Binali, who helped recruit many frustrated young people eager for a radical new source of hope. What looks to outsiders like nihilism is the opposite to many young Islamic State converts: They are genuinely thrilled to be taking part in a venture that aims to redraw the map and reverse the moral polarities of what they see as a fallen world. The caliphate has emerged, again and again, as the key motivating factor for terrorists in Europe, including Anis Amri, the Tunisian suspected of having carried out last week’s truck attack in Berlin. Some   attackers, including some of those who struck in France this year, have cited their inability to reach Islamic State terrain in Syria as a source of deep frustration in their videotaped farewell statements, and a reason for striking on their home turf instead. The same goes for the Islamic State’s suicide bombers, whose numbers are an extraordinary testament to the group’s ideological power. The group’s primary news source said in early December that Islamic State fighters had carried out 1, 034 suicide attacks in 2016. That number is impossible to verify, but analysts agree that the total has been climbing for several years now. Even if that increase is largely because of the group’s defensive use of suicide bombers while under siege, the number of people willing  —   even eager  —   to sacrifice for the cause is staggering. When the political scientist Robert Pape wrote a book on suicide bombings in 2005, he counted a global total of 315, and that was over about 15 years. Yet the Islamic State’s dependence on the idea of the caliphate is also a risk. It was noteworthy that the group’s leader, Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, urged followers in a November audiotape message not to abandon Mosul. That seemed to cut against earlier statements from the group, which had hinted that the Islamic State could withdraw and regroup in the desert if necessary. Mr. Baghdadi’s warning suggested that he feared military defeat would drain the group’s global cachet, leaving Al Qaeda to inherit the jihadist mantle. “Once it loses its territory, ISIS will become another lost jihadist cause,” Mr. Haykel said. “Al Qaeda has the advantage of being an ideology that is not tied to a territory or an institution like the caliphate. ”",0
7713,"The Senate Filibuster, Explained - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is now going to the Senate floor. The Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer of New York, has pledged to lead Democrats in a filibuster of the nomination. If he does, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, has vowed to change Senate rules to clear the way for Judge Gorsuch. The potential showdown has raised interest in the peculiar Senate filibuster rule. What is a filibuster? A filibuster is an effort by a minority of lawmakers to delay or block the Senate from voting on a bill or a confirmation. By exploiting the chamber’s rules for full debate on an issue, the minority can indefinitely obstruct something that has majority support. According to the Senate Historical Office, the term traces back to a Dutch word meaning “pirate. ” How does it work? The Senate generally operates by unanimous consent. If any senators refuse to consent to holding an    vote on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, the Senate has to decide whether to overrule them. It would do so by holding a “cloture” vote on whether to end debate and proceed to a final vote. It takes 60 votes to invoke cloture, so 41 senators can indefinitely block a confirmation by refusing to vote for cloture. What is the ‘nuclear option’? This is what Mr. McConnell has threatened if Democrats muster enough votes to filibuster Judge Gorsuch. By a simple majority, Republicans would change the Senate’s rules to abolish the ability of a minority to filibuster Supreme Court confirmation votes. The term was apparently coined by Senate Republicans around 2003, when they threatened to use the tactic to defeat Democrats who were blocking votes on some of President George W. Bush’s appeals court nominees. It was meant to evoke horror, because the power play would undermine the Senate’s purported character as a collegial and   body, making it more like the    House of Representatives. Would that be unprecedented? No. It would be an expansion of a precedent set by Democrats in 2013, when they had a Senate majority and used the nuclear option to eliminate some other types of filibusters. Both parties have been engaged in a    escalation of partisan warfare over judgeships for a generation, from the Senate’s defeat of President Ronald Reagan’s nomination of Judge Robert Bork to the Supreme Court in 1987 through its refusal to take up President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland last year. As part of that story, back in 2013, Senate Republicans were obstructing Mr. Obama’s nominees to executive branch positions and   judgeships. Under Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, Democrats used a simple majority vote to change the rules, abolishing the need to muster 60 votes to proceed to an    vote on such nominations. But they left the filibuster rule intact for Supreme Court nominations and for legislation. Notably, Senate Republicans are not threatening to eliminate the ability of 41 senators to block new laws, although adherents of Senate tradition fear that each erosion of the rule makes that prospect more likely. Are filibusters part of the Constitution? No, they are only an artifact of Senate rules. Originally, the chamber had a tradition that members could stay on the floor and talk as long as they wanted. But in 1917, amid acrimonious arguments over whether the United States should take part in World War I, it created the cloture rule to provide a mechanism for a supermajority of 67 senators to cut off debate and proceed to a final vote. In 1975, the Senate reduced the supermajority requirement to 60 votes. Do senators have to keep talking in order to filibuster? No. That’s called a talking filibuster, and it is the image created by the 1939 Frank Capra movie “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,” in which an idealistic senator played by Jimmy Stewart holds the floor to prevent a corrupt bill until he collapses. Filibusters took on less saintly overtones during the civil rights era, when Southern Democrats used them to block civil rights legislation, including an   bill. The record for the longest such filibuster speech is held by Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, who was then a Democrat but later became a Republican. He held the floor for 24 hours and 18 minutes to delay and protest the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1957, the first voting rights bill to become law since the   War Reconstruction era. Talking filibusters have essentially been obsolete since the early 1970s, when the Senate changed its rules to permit more than one bill or matter to be pending on the floor simultaneously. That has permitted the Senate to move on to other business while theoretical “debate” on the blocked item continues indefinitely, although occasionally a senator holds a lengthy talking filibuster anyway to attract attention to an issue.",0
7714,"No Charisma, No Glamour: Michael Gove Makes His Case to Lead Britain - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Michael Gove made his case on Friday to become the next British prime minister, arguing that the new leader should be someone who had backed an exit from the European Union, while vowing to spend less than a third of what his “Leave” campaign had promised on the National Health Service. Mr. Gove spoke a day after he shocked Britain by announcing his candidacy in the Conservative Party competition, having promised to serve as campaign manager for Boris Johnson, the former London mayor seen as the   for the post. Mr. Johnson, one of the leaders of the Leave campaign with Mr. Gove, has withdrawn his candidacy, making the home secretary, Theresa May, 59, the   favorite. But Ms. May had quietly backed staying in the European Union, and Mr. Gove, the justice secretary, argued on Friday that he best represented the mood of the party and the country. Mr. Gove, 48, laid out his program in a long and slightly wandering speech in London, acknowledging that he possesses no glamour or charisma and that he “did almost everything not to be a candidate for the leadership of this party. ” He said he was “so very reluctant because I know my limitations. ” He added, “Whatever charisma is I don’t have it, whatever glamour may be I don’t think anyone could ever associate me with it. ” But Mr. Gove, having betrayed Mr. Johnson, had to justify his decision. He listened to his heart, he said, and decided that running was “the right thing to do. ” He portrayed himself as a politician of conviction who broke with Prime Minister David Cameron, a friend, over a longstanding belief that Britain could not be truly sovereign inside the European Union, and with Mr. Johnson because “I came to realize this week that, for all Boris’s formidable talents, he was not the right person for the task. ” Like Ms. May, who spoke in a polished opening of her candidacy on Thursday, Mr. Gove said that he would not begin the formal process of leaving the European Union until next year and would not hold an early election. He also said that controlling immigration to Britain was a goal, which would almost surely prevent Britain from retaining access to the   single market of the bloc. He promised to “end free movement, introduce an     system for immigration, and bring numbers down. ” Money saved from leaving the European Union would be spent principally on the National Health Service, he said, pledging to spend 100 million pounds more a week, or about $133 million, by 2020. Before the referendum, the Leave campaign  bus had been emblazoned with a promise to spend £350 million a week on the N. H. S.  —   a pledge that it said was equivalent to the amount Britain sent to the European Union and one that it refused to abandon even when it was shown that the figure was bogus. Mr. Gove argued that he was “the candidate for change,” pointing to his experience as justice secretary and especially as education secretary, even though he became so unpopular in that post that Mr. Cameron moved him out of the job. That move was the source of great resentment from Mr. Gove and his wife, Sarah Vine, a journalist. Mr. Gove spoke of being an adopted child lucky to find loving parents in Aberdeen, Scotland, who instilled in him “a belief in human potential. ” And Mr. Gove, through intelligence and hard work, rose to graduate from Oxford and join the nation’s political elite. Only five Conservative members of Parliament were in the audience, and Mr. Gove will need more support than that to emerge as a plausible prime minister and a real competitor to Ms. May. She is considered a safe continuity candidate who is to the right of Mr. Cameron but slightly to the left of Mr. Gove. Ms. May is not a natural politician or a   but she has concentrated on doing her work. She has been generally praised for her six years as home secretary, one of the country’s most difficult jobs, in particular for standing up to the police unions and for pushing through antiterrorism legislation. Mr. Gove had little to say on Friday about the budget or the economy, which has taken a big hit from the vote for the British exit, known as Brexit, as the Treasury warned. During the campaign, he dismissed all such warnings as “Project Fear” and said that “people in this country have had enough of experts. ” George Osborne, the chancellor of the Exchequer and a friend of Mr. Gove’s, said in a speech of his own in Manchester on Friday that he would abandon his pledge to balance the budget by 2020, the end of this Parliament, because of the effect that the referendum would have on growth and the uncertainty surrounding it. “We will continue to be tough on the deficit, but we must be realistic about achieving a surplus by the end of this decade,” Mr. Osborne said. Few economists believed that Mr. Osborne would deliver a budget surplus so soon in any case, given the size of the deficit and the impolitic scale of the spending cuts or tax increases that would be required to achieve one. On Thursday, the governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, warned that Britain was suffering “economic   stress” from the referendum and that a downturn and possibly a recession were on the way. Mr. Carney said that he expected to order “some monetary easing” in the next few months to promote growth  —   in other words, a cut in interest rates. But the bank can only do so much. “Monetary policy cannot immediately or fully offset the economic implications of a large, negative shock,” he said. Had Mr. Cameron and the “Remain” campaign won the referendum, Mr. Osborne would have been seen as a potential successor for prime minister. Those hopes have evaporated, and there is speculation that he may support Mr. Gove. There are three other candidates: Stephen Crabb, a young lawmaker who is the work and pensions secretary Liam Fox, a former defense secretary and Andrea Leadsom, the energy minister, a Leave campaigner who is fast picking up support. Conservatives will start winnowing the five candidates down to two in rolling votes, and then the 150, 000 or so party members will choose between the final two, expected now to be Ms. May and Mr. Gove. A decision is likely to be announced on Sept. 9.",0
7715,Nikki Haley Slams UN Security Council for ‘Israel-Bashing Sessions’,"The Times of Israel reports: UNITED NATIONS  —   It’s high time the United Nations Security Council set its sights on Iran, rather than Israel, United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley said during the Security Council’s monthly meeting on “the Situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question. ”[“Every month the Security Council convenes a meeting on the Middle East. We have lots of meetings on specific countries and conflicts in this region but this debate is our opportunity to talk about the Middle East as a whole. Regrettably, these monthly meetings routinely turn into   sessions. That’s the way the Security Council has operated for years. It’s a formula that is absurdly biased against one country. It’s a formula that is painfully narrow in its description of the conflicts in the region,” said Haley, who is this month’s president of the Security Council.  In her remarks before the   council Haley condemned Iran, which she said is responsible for regional tumult, from meddling in Yemen and Syria, to its support of Hezbollah. Read more here.",0
7716,Spin Doctors – How the Media Reports on Medicine,"  Spin Doctors – How the Media Reports on Medicine 
  
In a study of the dietary advice given by newspapers in the UK, “no credible scientific basis” was found for most claims. The “[m]isreporting of dietary advice” was found to be “widespread and may contribute to public misconceptions about food and health.” And, potentially, not just the public. 
Scientists like to think they’re not influenced by popular media, but this study decided to put that to the test. Each week, The New York Times reports on scientific research, and the studies they report on end up being cited more often than those they don’t report on. Ah, so, the popular press does have an impact. 
Not so fast. That’s just one potential explanation. Maybe, outstanding articles are both more likely to be picked up by media, and independently more likely to be cited. Maybe, the newspaper was just earmarking important science, and their publicity didn’t really have any effect on future studies. 
How could you disentangle the two? An event in 1978 made it possible. There was a three-month strike, in which they continued to print copies, but could not sell them to the public. So, a natural experiment was set up. If the paper was just earmarking important articles, then the strike would have no effect on the studies’ impact. But, that’s not what happened. The studies highlighted during the strike months, when no one could read them, appeared to have no impact. 
The next question, of course, is: are they just amplifying the medical information to the medical community, or distorting it, as well? 
Systematic studies suggest that many stories about new medicines, for example, tend to overstate benefits, understate risks and costs, and fail to disclose relevant financial ties. Overly rosy coverage of drugs may also result from financial ties between drug companies and the journalists themselves, who may be susceptible to Big Pharma perks. 
Scientists and physicians often blame the press. In fact, the famous physician William Osler was quoted as saying, “Believe nothing that you see in the newspapers” and “If you see anything in them that you know is true, begin to doubt it at once.” 
But, both parties share in the blame. Reporters may only have an hour or two to put together a story; and so, they may rely on press releases. And, it’s not hard to imagine how drug company press releases might be biased. But, surely, press releases from the scientists themselves, and their institutions, would present the facts fairly, and without spin, right? Researchers decided to put it to the test. 
Critics blame the media. But, where do you think they’re getting the information from? One might assume that press releases from prestigious academic medical centers would be measured, unexaggerated—but suffer from the same problems: downplaying side-effects, conflicts of interest, study limitations, and promoting research that has uncertain relevance to human health. 
For example, most laboratory or animal studies explicitly claimed relevance to human health—yet lacked caveats about extrapolating results to people. For example, a release about a study of ultrasound reducing tumors in mice, was titled “Researchers study the use of ultrasound for treatment of cancer”—failing to note “for your pet mouse.” 
Apparently, it’s been estimated that less than ten percent of animal research ever succeeds in being translated to human clinical use. Overselling the results of lab animal studies as a promised cure potentially confuses readers, and might contribute to disillusionment with science. 
Although it’s common to blame the media for exaggerations, most times they don’t just make it up. That’s what the research institutions are sending out in their own press releases. And, medical journals, too. Sometimes, medical journal press releases do more harm than good. An analysis of press releases from some of the most prestigious medical journals found the same litany of problems. 
I don’t think most people realize that journals sell what are called reprints, copies of the articles they print, to drug companies, which can bring in big bucks. Like, drug companies may buy a million copies of a favorable article. Sometimes, the company will submit an article, and promise to buy a certain number in advance—which is effectively a bribe, notes a long-time editor-in-chief at the prestigious British Medical Journal . He remembers once when a woman from a public relations company rang him up, and stopped just short of saying she would go to bed with him if they published the paper. 
Another medical journal conflict of interest relates to advertising—a major source of income for many journals. Most of the advertising comes from pharmaceutical companies. And, so, if they don’t like a study, they can threaten to withdraw their advertising—potentially leaving editors faced with the stark choice of agreeing to bury a particular piece, or seeing their journal die. 
Even if journalists have time to skip the press releases, and go straight to the source, and try to read the studies themselves, they may find them utterly incomprehensible gobbledygook. But, even if they do understand them, scientific articles are not simply reports of facts. Authors often have many opportunities to add “spin” to their scientific reports—defined as ways that can distort the interpretation of results, and mislead readers, either unconsciously, or with willful intent to deceive. 
What these researchers did was look at randomized controlled trials with statistically nonsignificant results—meaning some drug, for example, was compared to a sugar pill, and the difference between the newfangled treatment and placebo was essentially nonexistent. Would the researchers just lay out the truth, and be, like, well, we spent all this time and money, and in terms of our primary outcome, we got nothing. Or, would they try to spin it? In 68% of cases, they spun. There was spin in the abstract, which is like the summary of the article. And this is particularly alarming, because the abstract is often the only part of an article people actually read. 
And so, no wonder the media often gets it wrong. Spin in the abstracts can turn into spin in the press releases, and results in spin in the news. Therefore, even if journalists are doing their due diligence, using the original abstract conclusion in good faith, they still run the risk of deceiving their readers. 
Researchers presenting new findings could always be careful to stress how preliminary the findings may be. But, let’s be serious, powerful self-interests may prevail. 
Finally, though, I think the biggest problem with the way media reports on medicine is the choice as to which stories are covered. In 2003, SARS and bioterrorism killed less than a dozen people, yet generated over a hundred thousand media reports—far more than those covering the actual greatest threats to our lives and health. 
In fact, ironically, the more people that die, the less it appears something is covered. Our leading #1 killer is heart disease. Yet, it can be prevented, treated, and even reversed with diet and lifestyle changes. Now that is something that deserves to be on the front page. 
  Close Sources Video Sources",0
7717,"After Ailes, the Pirate Flag Still Flies at Fox News - The New York Times","Throughout Fox News Channel’s summer of discontent last year, executives at its parent company, 21st Century Fox, assured reporters that the young,    corporate leadership  —   Rupert Murdoch’s sons, James and Lachlan  —   understood the severity of the sexual harassment allegations pending against the network’s founding chairman, Roger E. Ailes. It was why they moved quickly to hire a   law firm to investigate the charges against Mr. Ailes, executives at the company told reporters at the time. And, these people said, it was why they forced Mr. Ailes’s resignation after that investigation found enough potential evidence to preclude them from standing by his denials. The company’s response, the executives said, was an example of how it had reined in the wild “          ’ ” impulses that led to the crisis that was almost its undoing a few years ago. That, of course, was the phone hacking scandal at its British newspaper division, in which reporters and a private investigator hacked phone messages of the royal family, actors, athletes and various others. This time around, after Mr. Ailes’s departure, the company promised that things would get cleaned up quickly. It said it was committed to “maintaining a work environment based on trust and respect,” and spent millions on settlement deals that also happened to keep accusers from speaking about their experiences with Mr. Ailes  —   who, company executives implied, was the isolated cause of all the problems. And that was to be that. Except, clearly, it wasn’t. Not if you go by the meticulously reported piece last weekend by Emily Steel and Michael S. Schmidt of The New York Times, which said that some $13 million had been paid out to settle claims of harassment leveled against another man vital to Fox News’s success, its top star Bill O’Reilly. (Two of those settlements came after Mr. Ailes’s ouster.) Not if you go by a federal investigation that is exploring whether Fox News failed to properly account for settlement payments, granting immunity to the network’s former chief financial officer, Mark Kranz, as The Financial Times reported. Certainly not if you go by the latest lawsuit, from the Fox News contributor Julie Roginsky, who said her own claims against Mr. Ailes  —   and her refusal to attack his first public accuser, Gretchen Carlson  —   caused the current Fox News   (and former Ailes deputy) Bill Shine to deny her a promotion. Her complaints weren’t even investigated, she said. Mr. Ailes through a lawyer denied her charges after she filed her suit on Monday, just as Mr. O’Reilly has denied all the claims that have been made against him. But the latest cascade of news involving allegations of misbehavior at Fox News makes it pretty hard to see what, exactly, has changed. Fox News executives say they’ve made more workplace improvements than they’re getting credit for, and I’ll get to that. But it still stands that, other than the senior Mr. Murdoch taking the reins of the network as executive chairman, the leadership has remained fairly stable two of Mr. Ailes’s deputies, Mr. Shine and Jack Abernethy, took over as   with the executive vice president for programming, Suzanne Scott, and the   network counsel, Dianne Brandi, remaining as well. On top of that, take a look at the news, first reported by The Wall Street Journal, that the network went ahead and renewed Mr. O’Reilly’s contract despite the two new settlements  —   and a third one from years ago that 21st Century Fox learned about only last year. Then consider that another Fox News star, Sean Hannity, brandished his licensed (and, he said, unloaded) handgun in his studio and (jokingly) pointed its laser sight at his liberal sparring partner, Juan Williams, with no apparent reprimand, as CNN reported last month. It’s hard not to see the Murdoch pirate flag moving back up the mast  —   or to wonder whether it was ever really taken down, at least at Fox News. The network, led by Mr. O’Reilly, remains the most watched cable news network by a wide margin, and it sure seems that the old proclivity to look the other way in the face of   victory remains in place. But this isn’t just another story about a big public company with potentially serious problems in its corporate culture  —   which, given the growing number of advertisers pulling out of Mr. O’Reilly’s program, could prove costly. It’s about one of the biggest and most influential media companies in the world its cable behemoth, Fox News, is the network of choice for the current United States president. (And this president is more reactive to news than any who came before him.) The wildness that allegedly permeates Fox News’s office culture has extended to its reportage in ways that have at times helped President Trump create his famous alternative reality. The most notable recent example: a declaration by Andrew Napolitano, a network contributor, saying Fox News had learned that President Barack Obama enlisted British intelligence officers to spy on Mr. Trump before his inauguration. The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, repeated this at a daily briefing, drawing fury from 10 Downing Street. Fox News followed up by reporting that it had learned no such thing. The network soon let it be known that Mr. Napolitano was being sidelined “for the foreseeable future,” as The Los Angeles Times reported. The foreseeable future lasted just about two weeks. And when Mr. Napolitano returned to Fox’s programming last week, he repeated his claim about Mr. Obama and the British, despite the news division’s disavowal, only this time with no consequences (as if there had really been any up to that point). Those who wondered whether Fox News was somehow going to moderate its editorial direction following Mr. Ailes’s ouster have their answer. The questions were based, at least in part, on the notion that the sons were more politically moderate than their father, though Lachlan less so than James. But the questions were misguided, given that the sons have made it clear that Fox wouldn’t and shouldn’t change too much, given its profits. “There’s no desire or need to shift the position that it has in the market,” Lachlan Murdoch told Wall Street analysts over the summer. And evidence is piling up that the elder Mr. Murdoch is the one running the show at Fox News, anyway. Fox News was as much his creation as it was Mr. Ailes’s, after all. But let’s remember: 21st Century Fox repeatedly said that all three Murdochs were on board to change the corporate culture. Fox News said Tuesday that it was doing so by “expanding our Human Resources department with regional people and adding more people in New York,” a tacit acknowledgment that when Mr. Ailes was there, employees viewed the department as loyal to him above all, and often didn’t trust it enough to make complaints. In January, the network hired a new human resources chief, Kevin Lord, who on Monday issued a memo encouraging employees with complaints to step forward, assuring them of confidentiality and a swift response (though one name listed as an avenue of complaint was that of Ms. Brandi, an   holdover). But then there’s Mr. O’Reilly. This week, people familiar with his contract extension told my colleagues Ms. Steel and Mr. Schmidt that it includes provisions giving the company “leverage over his behavior. ” The ultimate leverage, of course, could come by way of Mr. O’Reilly’s loss of advertisers. That was the thinking behind the call from the online civil rights group Color of Change for a bigger O’Reilly advertising boycott. “Fox News and the Murdochs only listen when they hear money rushing out the door,” said the group’s executive director, Rashad Robinson. That’s logic even a pirate has to appreciate.",0
7718,A Pilots Experience,"link Greetings ATS community, I wanted to pass on something my dad experienced several years ago in the hopes that perhaps others have experienced something similiar or know someone who has. I found the story quite interesting, and I hope you will too. Background: My dad was a pilot with 30+ years of experience flying all manner of civilian, military, and commercial aircraft. He was a naturally humble and quiet individual--never given to boasting or exageration. Like many pilots, he was wired to be logical, mathematical, and mechanical; he was also a supreme skeptic where all things supernatural and speculative are concerned. He preferred direct experience and scientific inquiry to wild tales. His story: One day he came back from a trip he flew (commercial flight) to Mexico. Over a beer, I casually asked him about his trip. He looked at me, cocked one eyebrow and replied, ""I saw something I can't explain."" This got my attention. On the layover, he and another pilot went out for dinner. Walking back along the beach at night, they both noticed a distant light moving along a fixed vector at a constant speed. They kept watching it, and were wondering about distance and elevation, thinking perhaps it was either a satellite or a high-flying aircraft--nothing out of the ordinary. Then it came to a complete stop, reversed direction 180 degrees, and whizzed off so fast it was out of sight in less than a second or two. So my first response was, ""Do you think it was a UFO?"" Again with the cocked eyebrow he said, ""I don't want to use that word. All I will say is that what we witnessed completely and utterly defies all laws of aerodynamics that I'm familiar with. I'm not aware of any aircraft--military or otherwise--that can do that. It's beyond my abilities to explain; that's all I'm willing to say."" To contrast this story, I will also say that one time we were watching a campy, early 80's Fox program that was reporting on the US government harboring aliens. At one point in the story, they started talking about a particular installation in the mountains of Nevada (not area 51) that's being used as a landing zone for UFO's. Dad started laughing so hard I thought he was going to fall off the couch. He looked at me and said, ""I know what they do there."" I said, ""And???"" He replied, ""I can't tell you that, but I CAN tell you they're NOT landing UFO's."" Total buzz kill. Anyway, that's the story I wanted to relate in the hopes that others can add their own. Thanks for reading.",0
7719,"Как заткнуть ""черные дыры"" бюджетов","Экономика » Правила игры » Законодательство Счетная палата РФ выявила серьезные проблемы с формированием и исполнением бюджетов регионов, отсутствие конкретных целей социально-экономического развития, а также эффективного механизма поддержки таких регионов. За последние три года госдолг почти всех высокодотационных регионов увеличился в среднем на четверть. Ситуацию для Pravda.Ru анализирует заместитель генерального директора Международного центра развития регионов Олег Столяров. Регионы превратили в должников — С чем связаны нынешние финансовые проблемы регионов, только ли с кризисом? Или причины более глубокие? — Во многом это последствия неправильной федеральной политики. Не так давно центр принял решение, чтобы регионы заместили кредиты коммерческих банков более дешевыми федеральными кредитами. Тем самым регионы подсадили на дешевую иглу. Приведу пример: с конца 1990-х годов и до недавнего времени в Москве действовала инвестиционно-заемная система. Столица выпускала облигации и вырученные от их продажи средства инвестировала в городскую экономику. Любой покупатель облигации размещал свои средства с хорошим доходом, как минимум покрывающим инфляцию, тогда как в крупном банке он разместил бы их лишь под 4 процента годовых. Нынешняя московская власть прекратила эту практику — мол, зачем занимать на открытом рынке, если теперь есть возможность взять в долг у государства? И Москва, богатейший регион страны, стала должником федерального бюджета . Сейчас в российской экономике очень сжата денежная масса — всего 0,43 процента ВВП. То есть средняя ""длина"" денег 2,5-3 месяца максимум, а для развития экономики необходимы именно ""длинные"" деньги. Сегодня, согласно подсчетам, на руках у населения находится 24 триллиона рублей, и государство не дает ему никакого инструмента для инвестирования их в экономику, кроме банковских депозитов и накоплений пенсионных фондов, по мизерным ставкам ниже инфляции. При таком положении дел сбережений не сделаешь, они сгорают. — Каким может быть предельный уровень долгов регионов? Что будет, если регион окажется не в состоянии оплатить долг? — А они все не в состоянии оплатить. Сегодня в распоряжении региона остается максимум 35 процентов доходов, генерируемых на его территории. И на федеральном уровне никак не могут установить минимальные социальные стандарты и, соответственно, определить сумму, которая будет оставаться в том или ином регионе для минимальной социальной обеспеченности его жителей. Нынешняя системе распределения доходов приводит к тому, что регионы-доноры постепенно ""схлопываются"", предприятия прячут прибыль и не инвестируют ее. При фактической рентабельности в 40 процентов у многих предприятий, в отчетах они показывают 4-5 процентов, чтобы постоянно жаловаться на невозможность взять кредиты. ""Работа"" денег в экономике — это в первую очередь размещение их в ценные бумаги предприятий, в том числе и социальных. Между прочим, во всем мире здравоохранение — прибыльная отрасль, и только в России оно — ""черная дыра"" для бюджета . В любом районном диагностическом центре высокотехнологичное оборудование используется одну смену (соответственно, при мизерных квотах для пациентов), а остальные 16 часов в день оно простаивает. А ведь его можно было бы сдавать в аренду — желающие найдутся. Знаю известнейший в Москве госпиталь, который при возможности делать 1200 операций по коронарографии имеет квоту всего на 300 операций. Аналогичные резервы есть в образовании. Наше государство неэффективно задействует социальную сферу, делая упор на адресную социальную помощь. Но эта адресная социальная помощь, как вы помните, завершилась монетизацией льгот, в результате которой дополнительные деньги получили те, кто на эти льготы не имеет права, а нуждающимся не хватило. Чиновники почесали головы… и добавили еще денег — вот и вся социальная политика. Вложения — расходы или доходы? — На какие цели регионы сегодня занимают деньги? — Регионы обязали выполнять майские указы президента. Они их почти все выполнили, кроме первого — создания 25 миллионов высокопроизводительных рабочих мест. А по сути, с него и надо было начинать. Сначала выполните ""доходный"" указ, увеличьте свою налоговую базу! А потом уже выполняйте социальные обязательства — повышайте зарплату учителям, врачам, бюджетникам, оснащайте подстанции скорой помощи, школы, амбулаторные учреждения. Вместо этого чиновники с энтузиазмом приступили к исполнению ""расходных"" указов — образовался дефицит бюджета. Все регионы привыкли к такой практике: две трети собранных доходов они отдают в федеральный бюджет, а потом обращаются за помощью в казначейство. Казначейство выдает запрошенные суммы в конце года, когда остается только наспех залатать дыры, а остаток, которым не успели залатать, ""сжечь"". Обратите внимание: результаты исполнения бюджета текущего квартала обнародуются только через квартал после его завершения. В стране нет текущего мониторинга исполнения бюджета. В начале года проектируется некий дефицит, к середине года образуется профицит — ""лишние"" деньги судорожно распихиваются по всем направлениям. Это у нас стандартная ежегодная политика. А самое главное, нельзя забывать, что бюджет состоит из двух частей — доходной и расходной. Программы развития заносятся только в расходную часть, это все гордо называется программным бюджетом. А ведь смысл в том, чтобы они, прежде всего, генерировали региону доходы. Но об этом догадываются лишь единицы из числа региональных руководителей. Для большинства уже стало аксиомой: программа — это расходы. Послушайте любое совещание на высоком уровне: столько-то вложений в такую-то программу, столько-то субсидий выдано. А что в результате получили, какова эффективность? Вот в чем весь вопрос. Пока деньги просто ""выстреливают"" в пространство, в ""черную дыру"", а потом пишется бумажка для отчета, в которой эта пресловутая эффективность высасывается из пальца… — В чем выход из создавшейся ситуации? — Здесь уместно вернуться к началу нашего разговора и вспомнить модель выхода из кризиса США в 1939 году. Корпорациям и городам разрешили выпускать облигации. Этими облигациями были профинансированы и выход из депрессии, и строительство инфраструктуры, и, в конечном счете, экономический рост. 
Беседовала Марина Архипова 
Подготовила к публикации Лейла Мамедова Бюджет-2017: что ждать россиянам",0
7720,US Votes 'No' As UN Adopts Landmark Resolution Calling to Ban Nuclear Weapons,"Co-sponsored by 57 nations, L41 calls for a 2017 conference ‘to negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons, leading towards their total elimination’ The United Nations on Thursday adopted a landmark resolution calling for the ultimate elimination of nuclear weapons worldwide.
Resolution L.41 (pdf) was accepted by a vote of 123-38, with 16 member nations abstaining. The vote was held during a meeting of the First Committee of the UN General Assembly, which deals with disarmament and international security matters.
“For seven decades, the UN has warned of the dangers of nuclear weapons, and people globally have campaigned for their abolition. Today the majority of states finally resolved to outlaw these weapons,” said Beatrice Fihn, executive director of International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear weapons (ICAN).
Setsuko Thurlow , a survivor of the Hiroshima and leading proponent of a ban, also celebrated Thursday’s vote.
“This is a truly historic moment for the entire world,” Thurlow said. “For those of us who survived the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, it is a very joyous occasion. We have been waiting so long for this day to come.”
As expected, nuclear powers including the United States, France, Canada, Israel, Russia, and the United Kingdom, as well as several of their European allies, were among the nations who voted against the ban.
It was a long journey to get to this point, but totally worth it! #goodbyenukes #FirstCommittee pic.twitter.com/SM5mFzSXzf
— Michael Hurley (@mdghurley) October 27, 2016",0
7721,Senate Judiciary Committee Sends Gorsuch Through for Vote - Breitbart,"The Senate Judiciary Committee, in a     vote Monday, has passed Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump’s nominee to replace conservative stalwart Justice Antonin Scalia, setting up a full Senate confirmation vote for April 7. [The vote sets the stage for a clash on Senate rules for Supreme Court nominees. At least   Senate Democrats, now including Sen. Jon Tester ( ) whose state President Trump won by over twenty points, and Senators Patrick Leahy ( ) Mark Warner ( ) and Diane Feinstein ( ) who announced their opposition to Gorsuch at the hearing, have now expressed their intention to initiate the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history.  Despite Sen. Michael Bennet ( ) who told the Colorado Independent that he will not filibuster his fellow Coloradan Gorsuch, and three Democrats who have said they will support Gorsuch, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) now appears to have the votes needed to prevent a vote for cloture and a full Senate vote on Gorsuch’s confirmation under current rules. Senate Democrats changed Senate rules in 2013 to allow a simple majority to trigger a full Senate vote on   Court nominees. Increasing numbers of Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) appear poised to use the same “Constitutional Option” for Supreme Court nominees in order to ensure Gorsuch’s confirmation. During Monday’s final Judiciary Committee meeting on Gorsuch, Sen. Lindsay Graham ( ) reiterated Republican willingness to revert to the constitutional option. “We’ve had one successful filibuster of a Supreme Court Nominee, that was that was bipartisan with Abe Fortas. By the end of the week, that will still be the case,” he told the committee with a smile. Democrats on the Committee used their final opportunity to air their grievances with Trump’s pick for the high court. Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) went so far as to call the Federalist Society, an association of conservative lawyers that endorsed Gorsuch, a “special interest group” and launched into an extended diatribe against the validity of judicial originalism, the idea that the constitution and laws ought to be interpreted according to the original intentions of the drafters. Durbin quoted the late liberal Supreme Court Justice William Brennen as calling the very idea judges can find the intention of the Founders as “arrogance cloaked in humility. ” Sen. Chris Coons ( ) who had held out on supporting the proposed filibuster and was posited as a possible partner in a deal to save the   cloture requirement, used the Committee meeting to come out against an up or down vote on Gorsuch. “I am not ready to end debate on this issue, so I will be voting against cloture unless we are able, as a body, to find a way to sit down and avoid the ‘nuclear option,’” he told the Committee. Sen. John Cornyn ( ) downplayed the idea the increasingly likely constitutional option to confirm Gorsuch on a simple majority vote is a stark break with Senate tradition. “I disagree with those who say this is the end of the Senate as we know it. This is a restoration of the status quo ante, before our Democratic colleagues erected this artificial sixty vote requirement. ” The Committee also approved Deputy Attorney General nominee Rod Rosenstein with some Democratic support and Rachel Brand, nominee for Associate Attorney General, along a   vote.",0
7722,DraftKings and FanDuel Agree to Merge Daily Fantasy Sports Operations - The New York Times,"The daily fantasy sports companies DraftKings and FanDuel have agreed to merge after a turbulent year in which both of their values plummeted as several attorneys general questioned the legality of their games in their states. The merger must be approved by regulators and will take time  —   the companies said they expected the deal to close in the second half of 2017. Until then, both sides will operate under their own brands. The merger was one of necessity: Lobbying and legal costs had damaged both companies’ bottom lines to the extent that representatives of the companies last month asked the New York attorney general’s office to allow them to pay a combined $12 million settlement in installments after claims that they employed false and deceptive advertising practices, two people familiar with those negotiations said. In recent weeks, according to these two people, FanDuel, based in New York, laid off more than 60 people, and both companies have acknowledged that they are months behind in their payments to vendors, especially to the array of public relations and lobbying firms that they have employed across the nation to persuade individual state legislatures to legalize daily fantasy games  —   the most critical component of rebuilding their business. “Joining forces will allow us to truly realize the potential of our vision, and as a combined company, we will be able to accelerate the pace of innovation and bring a richer experience to our customers than we ever could have done separately,” Jason Robins, chief executive of DraftKings, said in a statement. If the merger is approved, Robins will retain that title in a new company, while FanDuel’s chief executive, Nigel Eccles, will become chairman of the board. “While both companies have accomplished much already,” Eccles said, “this transaction will create a business that can offer a greater variety of offerings, appealing to new users, including the tens of millions of   fantasy players that haven’t yet tried our products. ” Last year, at the beginning of the N. F. L. season, DraftKings and FanDuel overwhelmed sports broadcasts with hundreds of millions of dollars in advertising that emphasized their    prize payoffs. At the time, it was a largely unregulated,   industry in which players paid a fee on a website, assembled virtual rosters of players in pursuit of jackpots ranging from $22 to $2 million, and scored points based on the   outcomes of professional games. Daily fantasy sports appeared to be a virtual cash machine. The companies were valued at more than $1 billion each. Their investors included Major League Baseball and the N. B. A. the Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and the New England Patriots owner Robert K. Kraft and major media companies like NBC. After a DraftKings employee won a major jackpot on FanDuel’s site in October 2015, however, Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York State attorney general, began an inquiry into whether employees of the companies had used inside information to prey on customers on each other’s sites. Soon, scores of   lawsuits were filed in courts across the country. Schneiderman shut down the industry in New York, declaring daily fantasy sports to be illegal gambling, but he laid the groundwork for a deal in March when he suggested a June 30 deadline for the State Legislature to act to address the games’ legal status. It did, and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo signed the bill into law in August. New York was the eighth state to declare daily fantasy sports legal, and the companies are facing expensive efforts to have their games legalized in the big markets of Illinois and Texas.",0
7723,Russian warships denied fuelling stop in Spain after concern from NATO,"October 27, 2016 Russian warships denied fuelling stop in Spain after concern from NATO 
A Russian war fleet, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, will not refuel in Spain on their way to Syria after the Nato member cancelled a planned stopover following concerns by the military alliance. 
Moscow has withdrawn a request for three warships to dock at the Spanish port of Ceuta with the Spanish foreign ministry confirming the stopover would not take place. 
 ",0
7724,Electroshock Therapy for Internet Addicts? China Vows to End It - The New York Times,"HONG KONG  —   At the Addiction Treatment Center in eastern China, more than 6, 000 internet addicts  —   most of them teenagers  —   not only had their web access taken away, they were also treated with electroshock therapy. The center, in Shandong Province, made headlines in September after one of its patients killed her mother in retribution for abuse she had purportedly suffered at the camp during a forced detox regimen. Now China is trying to regulate camps like the one in Shandong, which have become a last resort for parents exasperated by their child’s habit of playing online games for hours on end. The government has drafted a law that would crack down on the camps’ worst excesses, including electroshock and other “physical punishments. ” Medical specialists welcomed the law, announced this week in China’s   news media, as an initial step toward curbing scandals in the industry. “It’s a very important move for protecting young children,” said Tao Ran, the director of the Internet Addiction Clinic at Beijing Military General Hospital. Dr. Tao said that many Chinese parents believe that the effects of electroshock therapy are fleeting. But he had seen several Chinese teenagers return from boot camps that treat internet addiction showing signs of lasting psychological trauma, he said. “They didn’t talk, were afraid to meet people and refused to leave their homes,” he said, referring to his meetings with the teenagers. “They were panicked even to hear the word ‘hospital’ and ‘doctor. ’” Qu Xinjiu, a law professor at China University of Political Science and Law in Beijing, said the belief that parents have supreme jurisdiction over their children, and that even police officers have no right to intervene in family affairs, is widespread in China. “That’s why there are so many parents sending their kids for electroshock therapy, even when outsiders think it’s wrong to do so,” Professor Qu said. Figures on the number or growth of internet detox camps in China are scarce, but the camps’ methods have been generating concern for years. The legislation would also limit how much time each day that minors could play online games at home or in internet bars. Providers of the games would be obliged to take measures to monitor and restrict use, such as requiring players to register under their real names. The law does not yet specify the number of hours allowed, but minors would be prohibited from playing online games anywhere between midnight and 8 a. m. Dr. Tao said he doubted that the draft law, which was introduced by the State Council, China’s cabinet, could be enforced evenly nationwide. Provisions to limit the number of hours spent online probably could be easily flouted, he said. Many users of Sina Weibo, China’s version of Twitter, were even more critical, saying policing teenagers’ behavior online seemed impractical and  . “I’m afraid it’s just empty talk,” a Sina Weibo user wrote. “What about young kids who always go online on their cellphones?” another wrote. “Isn’t that also an addiction?” Game providers and internet bars that did not enforce the law would be subject to fines and possible closure by the government. Reports in the Chinese news media this week said that lawmakers would accept public comments on the draft law through early February but gave no indication of when it might be put into practice. In 2009, the Chinese Health Ministry issued guidelines against using electroshock therapy for internet addicts. Trent M. Bax, the author of “Youth and Internet Addiction in China,” said that he wondered whether a ban would be any more effective. Despite the Health Ministry’s policy, “punitive practices continue to victimize China’s youth” in internet detox camps, said Dr. Bax, an assistant professor of sociology at Ewha Womans University in Seoul, South Korea. Researchers from Chinese, Taiwanese and German universities wrote in the journal   Psychiatry in 2014 that the highest prevalence of “problematic internet use” worldwide had been observed in Asia. Christian Montag, the study’s lead author, said in an email on Thursday that South Korea had the world’s highest rate of problematic internet use, in part because of its large technology sector and online game market. South Korea also offers camps for internet addiction. Recent scientific evidence indicates that the best treatments for digital addiction appear to be cognitive behavioral therapy in individual and group settings, which often include patients’ parents and significant others, said Daria J. Kuss, a specialist on internet and game addiction at Nottingham Trent University in Britain. Dr. Kuss said that medication can also be effective, especially if internet addiction is accompanied by anxiety or mood disorders, such as depression. But beatings and electroshock therapy “are not commonly used in the treatment of internet and gaming addiction and are to be considered unethical and inhumane,” she said. Officials and psychologists around the world have debated how to measure and regulate extreme internet use. A crucial question, analysts say, is whether to classify the problem as a psychological disorder or as a symptom of underlying disorders. In a sign of how fluid the debate is in China, the Health Ministry said in 2009 that it would no longer use the term “addiction” to describe how the internet harmed people who used it improperly or excessively. But a study the same year by the China Youth Association for Network Development, which is led by a committee under the ruling Communist Party, found that more than 24 million Chinese, age 13 to 29, who used the internet were digital addicts.",0
7725,WikiLeaks: Hillary Admits Clinton Foundation Donors Fund ISIS,"Contact Us WikiLeaks: Hillary Admits Clinton Foundation Donors Fund ISIS Hillary Clinton is now on record saying Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund and support ISIS. So what did she do about it? She took their money, and sent them arms. Mainstream media won't touch this with a 10-foot pole. Posted on October 27, 2016 by administrator in News , US // 0 Comments 
WikiLeaks have released an email in which Hillary Clinton admits that Qatar and Saudi Arabia – two of her mega-donors – provide financial and logistical support to ISIS. 
In the extraordinary email , sent to John Podesta in 2014, Clinton lays out an eight point plan to defeat ISIS in Iraq, and mentions that Saudi Arabia and Qatar are both giving financial and logistical support to the Islamic State and other extremist Sunni groups. 
She conveniently fails to mention that these two terror-funding states are both mega-donors to the Clinton Foundation. Qatar has given between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and Saudi Arabia has donated upwards of $25 million dollars to the Foundation. 
Nowhere in the email – sent, of course, through the notorious unsecured server – does Clinton address the staggering hypocrisy of continuing to provide Saudi Arabia with multiple billions in weapons, arms, aircraft, and other support in full knowledge of its active support for terrorists. 
Hillary Clinton has known since at least 2014 that the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar provide “ clandestine financial and logistic support ” to ISIS and other radical Islamic groups – but, rather than refuse their money and call for a halt of arms sales and support, she has campaigned for more money and tried to increase their supply of arms. 
Arming ISIS 
In an email revealed in the Intercept earlier this year, Jake Sullivan, then Clinton’s deputy chief of staff, celebrated the sale to Saudi Arabia of more than 80 Boeing F-15SA fighter jets – “ along with upgrades to the pre-existing Saudi fleet of 70 F-15 aircraft and munitions, spare parts, training, maintenance, and logistics ” – with the heading addressed to Clinton, “ FYI — good news .” 
Good news – at least for Clinton, Saudi Arabia, and ISIS. And evidence of the cozy love-in doesn’t stop there. Ever wonder what a Clinton administration’s top priorities will be? Jobs? Healthcare? Education? More like arming ISIS. A top Clinton aide described a $60 billion weapons transfer of fighter jets and helicopters to Saudi Arabia as a “ top priority .” 
Saudi Arabia is the largest customer of U.S. military sales in the world with “ active and open cases valued at approximately $97 billion ,” according to a White House fact sheet that championed the U.S.’ strong relationship with the terror-sponsoring state. 
Media blackout 
Even in a period of America’s history in which mainstream media repeats what one of the most powerful political dynasties in the country keeps on repeating to exhaustion – accusing Russia of “rigging” the U.S. election without offering any proof to back their claims – it is still astonishing that major outlets are refusing to report on this story. 
Is it that Qatar’s and Saudi Arabia’s funding of ISIS – while funding their favorite American candidate at the same time – is a difficult issue to report on? Or is the gutless and hopelessly biased media’s refusal to cover this topic rooted in fear that thoroughly addressing it will cause her to lose the presidential election? 
The press have given Clinton a free ride in this campaign. By failing to live up to their duties in a functioning democracy, the fourth estate have played their part in erecting a demon. Unencumbered by the law, unscrutinized by the media, Clinton will wield a dictator’s authority.",0
7726,Ryan: Rand Is Wrong and ’Looking for a Publicity Stunt’ With Obamacare Replacement Criticisms - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ( ) stated that the drafting of the Obamacare replacement is “precisely the most transparent, and normal way of doing business, which is the opposite of what the Democrats did when they crammed Obamacare through. ” He added that Senator Rand Paul’s ( ) criticism of the   process and accusations that the plan is “Obamacare light” are untrue and simply Rand “looking for a publicity stunt here. ”  Ryan was asked [relevant exchange begins around 5:10] when the rollout of the replacement would be, and whether it would be rolled out next week, Ryan answered, “Yeah, I’ll let the committees of jurisdiction make the announcement on that. But our committees that write these bills are working very, very closely with the administration, are   the legislation.   …     When they’re done with their   they’ll make that announcement and then they’ll tell us when they’re ready to go and move on the legislation. So, they’ll make that announcement pretty soon I think. ” When asked about critics who say that he’s doing what the Democrats did and jamming legislation through without transparency, Ryan responded, “Are you kidding me, Bret? Give me a break. Seriously?” He elaborated, “Last year, in early 2016, we rolled out an Obamacare repeal and replace plan. We called it A Better Way. You can go on the Internet and read it. We ran on that plan. That plan resembled Tom Price’s legislation, that so many people in Congress were   of. Then, after the election came, and we won the election, we started putting that plan into legislative text, having hearings, all these hearings on repealing and replacing Obamacare were in the Congressional committees. So, we’ve been doing hearings all year long. Now, we’re translating the findings of those hearings, that plan into legislative text. That’s the    …    that’s occurring. And then guess what? This bill’s not being written in my office like it was in Harry Reid’s office on Christmas Eve in 2009. This bill is written  —   being written by the committees that are in charge of healthcare, which is the regular order process. This bill will go through the committee process, go through the Budget Committee, then go to the floor of Congress, under what we call regular order. That is precisely the most transparent, and normal way of doing business, which is the opposite of what the Democrats did when they crammed Obamacare through. ” After being played Rand Paul’s criticism of the   process and his accusation that he thinks there’s “a lot of Obamacare light” in the replacement, Ryan countered that Rand’s accusations weren’t true. He added, “I like Rand, but I think he’s looking for a publicity stunt here. What’s happening is, the committees of jurisdiction are drafting legislation and getting feedback from their members. That’s exactly how legislation is supposed to be written. The things he described are just not accurate, and like I said, when the committees write their bills and put their bills out there to mark up, everybody will see what they’ve done. ” Ryan further described “in general” what the replacement would look like. He said, “We’re talking about giving the states control of the Medicaid program, which is something that conservatives have been fighting for for years.   …     And then on the tax fraud, we’ve long been saying that we need equalize the tax treatment of healthcare for everybody in America. Right now, the tax code discriminates against people who do not get healthcare from their jobs. There’s a huge tax benefit if you get taxpayer  —   if you get healthcare at work. If you’ve got to go buy your health insurance, there’s no tax benefit for you. So, what conservatives have long said is, let’s equalize the tax treatment for healthcare, so that if you  —   it doesn’t matter whether you get it  —   healthcare at work, or not at work, let’s give you the same kind of tax benefit. So, that you can go buy what you want to buy. You go into a free market as a consumer, and buy the plan of your choosing, with health savings accounts as well. This is what we have long stood on as conservatives. It is the plan that we ran on in all of 2016, that we said, if we get the chance of having a Republican president, a Republican House, and a Republican Senate, we’re going to repeal and replace Obamacare and this is what we’re going to replace it with. Well, guess what? We are keeping that promise, and that is exactly what we are doing here. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
7727,USA Today: NFL Needs Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart,"The NFL needs to get its “priorities in order,” and a team should hire Colin Kaepernick because many league players have criminal backgrounds, according to USA Today. [Christine Brennan writes in an article for America’s largest daily newspaper that because “at least a   men who have been accused of physical or sexual assault have been welcomed into the NFL over the past week,” then Colin Kaepernick deserves to play.  All Colin did was disrespect America’s flag, the soldiers who gave their lives fighting for it, the law enforcement officers who shed their blood on the country’s streets, and the National Anthem that reminds Americans at every NFL game just how fortunate they are to be living here.  For some reason Brennan chooses not to protest the NFL’s encouraging the employment of players with violent crime backgrounds, instead, she argues that the league’s employment of such deadbeats vindicates Kaepernick.  According to Brennan, “It was quite a surprise to see so many young men with so much violence attached to their names drafted by NFL teams little more than a week after USA TODAY Sports reported that Ray Rice himself was going to participate in the league’s social responsibility education program this year. You think everyone is getting with the plan, and then you realize they’re not. Not at all. ” Brennan defends Kaepernick’s assertion that he simply exercised his rights as a U. S. citizen, but does not defend the teams right to reject a social justice warrior extraordinaire. Moreover, Brennan believes that the 49ers quarterback deserves to be picked up by an NFL team, especially since he is better than Blaine Gabbert, who Kaepernick replaced last year during the season, and appears to be signing with the Arizona Cardinals. Of course, Gabbert stands for the singing of the National Anthem during the   ceremony.  Harry Edwards, a sociologist employed as a consultant by the San Francisco 49ers, worked with Kaepernick and claims it would be in the “leagues interest” to have Kaepernick play somewhere. Edwards says to not make a, “martyr out of him, especially when they have people on teams accused of rape and knocking women out. He was just named one of the 100 most influential people in the world (by Time magazine). Give me a break. If you’re the NFL, you want him on a team. ” Now that Kaepernick will no longer be protesting the Star Spangled Banner, Edwards informs that he has moved from “resistance to resolution” and, therefore,  would make a “great model” for other players on the team.  If Kaepernick fails to be picked up by an NFL team, the sociologist activist proposes that the NFL should hire him as a deputy commissioner. “If for no other reason than to have his input and perspectives on the management of emerging situations” he stated. ",0
7728,NBA Coach Gregg Popovich Still Triggered by Trump Win - Breitbart,"Chief social justice warrior and head coach for the San Antonio Spurs, Gregg Popovich, just can’t get over that Donald J. Trump won the 2016 presidential election and now sits in the oval office as the 45th president of the United States. [“There will be some people who will say, ‘Just go coach your basketball team,’” San Antonio’s head leftist said. “Just go do this, go sit in your sauna, just go run the football, whatever it might be. ”  But that’s not his style, reported WTHR 13. How can he relax when America has been taken over by an outside force? “Some days, I feel like we’ve been invaded by another power and taken over [by people] who don’t feel the same. It’s a strange land,” the   NBA     laments.  Popovich continued: We all hope President Trump is successful. We hope he does some good things for everyone, but he didn’t start the presidency by mollifying any groups he disparaged during the campaign. He didn’t say anything about women, or black people, or Mexican people, Hispanic people, LGBT people, handicapped people. [He] acted like it never happened,” Popovich said. So that willingness to do whatever it took to get elected, to say and act the way he did, I thought was unacceptable and really disgusting, so I said it. Even people who voted for him can see that, but for some reason, they feel they can ignore that or forget about it. His personality, [his] inability to get over himself, informs his words and his decisions, and that’s what’s scary. Of course, Popovich is not alone when it comes to NBA coaches dumping on President Trump.  Detroit Pistons losing coach Stan Van Gundy expressed his sentiments in January, saying that America “took a major step back” when voters elected Trump. He added, “We elected a man who said some of the worst things ever, and people still voted for him. It’s been over a month and I still can’t believe so many were willing ignore racism, sexism, and mistreatment of the LGBTQ community. ” Plus, Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr is on record for saying, “The man who’s going to lead you has routinely used racist, misogynist, insulting words. That’s a tough one. ”",0
7729,Прививка против сорокаградусного счастья,"Общество 

В сети периодически появляются трагические истории о страшных последствиях вакцинации. Наставления наших здравоохранителей о пользе прививок для многих из нас – пустой звук. Светила медицины, выступая по телевидению, призывают всех сделать хотя бы безобидный укольчик против гриппа, но большинству из нас он и даром не нужен. Между тем, производители вакцин не унимаются и с неиссякаемым энтузиазмом продолжают колдовать в лабораториях, пытаясь создать не просто препарат, а «бомбу»! 
Учёные из США после кропотливых исследований и экспериментов представили миру сенсационную вакцину, способную уберечь человека от алкоголизма. Всем заслуженным «мастерам спорта по литрболу», которым не помогают ни гипноз, ни кодирование, ни рекомендации нарколога, ни слёзы матери, ни нравоучения жены, следует обязательно задуматься о спасительной прививке. Титаны мысли от науки обнаружили в организме человека новый ген, отвечающий за тягу к спиртному. Ну, кто-то ещё сомневается, что алкоголизм – это болезнь? Оказывается, это не просто недуг, а серьёзная ошибка матушки-природы. Зачем нам нужен этот нелепый, тысячу раз проклятый ген алкоголизма?! 
Эксперты из США сначала протестировали новый препарат на мышах, потом к участию в эксперименте присоединились 100 000 добровольцев. Масштабное исследование доказало, что после волшебной прививки даже беспробудный «синяк» будет равнодушно проходить мимо винно-водочного отдела супермаркета, на праздниках потянется к соку и минералке, а всех закадычных приятелей-собутыльников пошлёт куда подальше. Правда, жертву алкоголизма могут в один прекрасный день припереть-таки к стенке и засыпать провокационными вопросами: «Ты меня уважаешь?», «Не мужик, что ли?», «Даже пивко не будешь?». Американские исследователи уверяют, что привитый алкоголик даже после сравнительно скромных хмельных посиделок будет чувствовать себя адски плохо. Рассол, аспирин и горячий чай не помогут! В общем, рано или поздно гену алкоголизма придётся сдаться. 
Любопытные опыты американских учёных продолжаются. Для полноты картины исследователям стоило бы поработать не только с местными любителями выпить, но и, скажем, с российскими. Ген алкоголизма пока досконально не изучен. Не исключено, что у русского народа генетическая тяга к выпивке проявляется гораздо сильнее, чем у тех же американцев: страна-то севернее. Может, прививка от зелёного змия нашему человеку поможет, как мёртвому припарка? Исследователям ещё предстоит это выяснить. 
Прививки – это, конечно, здорово. Производители вакцин не перестают удивлять мир открытиями и новинками, а скептики – пусть ворчат и дальше! Возможно, совсем скоро мы сможем с помощью простой процедуры защитить себя не только от краснухи и гриппа, но и от алкоголизма, курения, переедания, депрессии, лени, страха… Правда, в любом лечении самое главное – это доверие пациента к врачу и его стремление быть здоровым. А вот если в вашем городе всем желающим предложат для профилактики сделать прививку от алкоголизма, вы рискнёте? Или дураков нет?",0
7730,"Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket'","Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket' Previously tweeted call for 'war' against Obama after Dallas police shootings Published: 15 mins ago 
(The Hill) A former congressman on Wednesday threatened to grab his musket if GOP nominee Donald Trump loses the presidential election. 
On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump,” former Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) tweeted on Wednesday. 
“On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket.You in?”",0
7731,World Series: Here’s How the Chicago Cubs Won Game 2 - The New York Times,"Jake Arrieta was dominant in the early going, and the Chicago offense more than backed him up as the Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians,   in Game 2, tying the World Series at one game apiece. The series now shifts to Chicago’s Wrigley Field, which hasn’t hosted a World Series game since 1945. Here’s a look at the important story lines after two games: ■ The Cubs offense runs through Ben Zobrist and Kyle Schwarber. Zobrist, a versatile infielder and outfielder, and Schwarber, a hitter who is sometimes forced to play defense, are a combined 8 for 15 with 2 runs, 3 runs batted in and 3 walks. The rest of the Cubs have combined to go 8 for 56 with 2 R. B. I. Chicago’s reliance on the tandem could be an issue going forward as Schwarber, working his way back from a catastrophic knee injury, has yet to be cleared to play the field. The Cubs will have a hard decision on how to handle Schwarber going forward. He has has said he does not feel comfortable with the idea of playing outfield yet, but having him out of the lineup for three consecutive games would be tough for the Cubs. In an   interview after Game 2, Schwarber did not offer much insight into how they will proceed. “I don’t know,” he said. “I haven’t tried it. I might try it out and see what happens and we’ll go from there. ” ■ Cleveland’s plan of being aggressive on the basepaths has not worked out. Francisco Lindor stole second in the first inning of Game 1, but the team that led the American League in steals this season has yet to have one since. It is not helping that Rajai Davis, who led the team with 43 steals, has been on base just once in seven plate appearances. Joe Maddon has said that Willson Contreras will start at catcher for at least the next two games, and his strong arm and aggressive style may convince the Indians to find a new way of doing things. ■ The Cubs have a huge advantage in the depth of the team’s starting rotation. Game 1 was a pitcher’s duel between two aces but by Game 2 it was a total mismatch between Trevor Bauer, who would not even be a starter for many teams, and Jake Arrieta who has been perhaps the second or third best pitcher in the National League over the last two seasons. That will remain true until the Indians’ Corey Kluber starts again in Game 4. In Game 3, the Cubs will send out Kyle Hendricks, who led the majors in   average and adjusted E. R. A. to face Josh Tomlin, a      who showed good control and not much else in a fairly average season (though he has performed well in his two postseason starts). ■ Both managers have no fear of using their bullpens. The deepest a starter has gone so far is Kluber’s six innings in Game 1, with the teams combining to use 14 relievers for 14 innings of work. With Game 2 out of reach, Cleveland was able to give Andrew Miller a day to rest after his   effort in Game 1. He will get another day off as the team travels on Thursday, which could lead to Terry Francona being incredibly aggressive with how early he goes to him on Friday night. Here’s an    breakdown of what happened in Game 2: It was Chicago’s turn to get off to a fast start. Game 2 began with a   ball from Trevor Bauer to Dexter Fowler. Two pitches later Bauer got the Cubs’ leadoff hitter to hit a broken bat grounder to the mound for the first out of the game. But Kris Bryant, who was hitless in Game 1, got things started with a single and Anthony Rizzo followed that up by crushing a liner to right field that gave Bryant plenty of time to score from first, with Rizzo getting into second base easily for a double. Ben Zobrist flied out and Bauer struck out Kyle Schwarber to get out of the jam. Bauer, who typically labors quite a bit to get outs even when he is pitching well, threw 29 pitches in the inning  —   including 10 in Zobrist’s    —   and if early going was any indication, Cleveland may be going to the bullpen early. David Waldstein: Trevor Bauer actually made it through the first inning, but only barely. Bauer was not sharp in that inning, but perhaps that was to be expected. He has only thrown   of an inning (his aborted A. L. C. S. start) since Oct. 6. That’s nearly three weeks without being on the mound in a game. Jake Arrieta was looking the part of the tough guy to start the game, going with short sleeves in the cold and rainy weather while Javier Baez stood at second base with a hood pulled up under his hat. Things got off to a good start for Arrieta, with two quick outs, but then he seemed to lose his command, walking both Francisco Lindor and Mike Napoli. At one point he threw six consecutive pitches well outside the strike zone, continuing the struggles he had with command this season. With two on and two out, Jose Ramirez hit a ball deep to center field, but it fell into Tyler Naquin’s glove to end the inning without any actual damage done. Javier Baez got the inning started by hitting a chopper to third base that Jose Ramirez couldn’t   on a bad hop. It will look like a line drive in the box score as Baez reached first for a single. But Trevor Bauer was unfazed, getting   from Willson Contreras, Jorge Soler and Addison Russell to end the inning. Bauer has continued to have to work hard for every out, and is up to 51 pitches in just two innings of work. David Waldstein: The Cubs’ run in the first inning broke a streak of 18 consecutive scoreless innings by Cleveland pitchers. That’s how you go   in the postseason. Bauer settled into a better vibe in the second, but he is still having trouble with his curveball. He is either hanging them or not getting it over for strikes. Wonder if the pinkie is a problem with his curveball grip. He threw 22 pitches in the second and is at 51 through 2 innings. That could become a factor. Bauer walked 70 batters this year and a   79 the year before. So, the Cubs could look to be aggressive on the first pitch, but then be patient after that, get men on base and then do some real damage. Things were awfully quiet for the Cleveland offense. Jake Arrieta only needed two pitches to retire Lonnie Chisenhall and got Coco Crisp to line out to Javier Baez for the second out. Tyler Naquin worked into a   but he struck out swinging to end the inning. David Waldstein: After Andrew Miller threw 46 pitches in Game 1 there were questions about whether he could pitch in Game 2. He is available tonight, but we don’t know how much. He could be used for one batter  —   maybe to face Anthony Rizzo or Kyle Schwarber at a critical juncture. Speaking of Miller, before the game he was asked about being used in specific roles and he said that when he was with the Yankees. When Aroldis Chapman returned from his suspension, Manager Joe Girardi’s handling of it was confusing for Miller and Dellin Betances. “I know when Chapman came back this year Dellin and I were kind of up in the air about which order we would pitch,” he said. “And in some instances it created a mess because we were both warming up next to each other. I think all managers, like Joe, Tito, I’ve been lucky to have some that really handle the bullpen well. But you hate to have two guys warming up at the same time. It seems wasteful, in a sense. ” The incredible comeback story of Kyle Schwarber continues: He did not have a hit in the regular season, but as the Cubs’ designated hitter he drove in a run with a single to increase the Cubs’ lead to  . It looked like Trevor Bauer had calmed down, and was going to have an easy inning, but then his lack of control extended the inning and also increased Cleveland’s deficit. Facing the top of the order, Bauer got a quick out on a grounder to second from Dexter Fowler, who is now 0 for 6 in the series. He then played with fire, hanging a curveball to Kris Bryant, but got away with it when the slugging third baseman lined out to shortstop. With two outs, Bauer froze Anthony Rizzo with a pair of nasty curveballs that had the big first baseman buckling at the knees, but then he simply lost control of the   and threw four consecutive balls to send Rizzo to first. Ben Zobrist followed Rizzo with a single and then Schwarber singled to score Rizzo. David Waldstein: Activating Kyle Schwarber for the World Series after a major knee injury in April might go down as one of the best roster transactions of the postseason. He singled in a run, and then yelled an expletive at his bench after getting on base. Oh, these ballplayers. This is definitely going to become a bullpen game for the Indians. Bauer’s pinkie doesn’t seem to be bleeding but he has thrown 71 pitches already. The Indians had Zach McAllister and Jeff Manship warming in the last inning. Remember, Danny Salazar is down there, too. After clubbing two home runs in his first World Series game, Roberto Perez showed bunt on Jake Arrieta’s first pitch to him, but he pulled the bat back and ended up striking out in an    . Carlos Santana worked a   but also struck out on a ball he felt was out of the strike zone. Jason Kipnis ended the inning with a fly ball to left and Arrieta has now retired seven consecutive batters. David Waldstein: The pace of this game is not great in terms of avoiding the rain that is supposedly on its way. But we may avoid it, anyway. It is pretty chilly, about 43 degrees, but the latest weather reports say there is supposedly zero percent chance of rain through 10 p. m. Eastern time, and only a 25 percent chance of rain through 11 p. m. With Cleveland’s bullpen already stirring, Willson Contreras led off the inning for Chicago with a walk. Trevor Bauer got some good luck when Jorge Soler grounded to the hole between first and second, but Jason Kipnis was able to field the ball and start a   to erase Contreras. Addison Russell singled and that was enough for Terry Francona, who pulled Bauer in favor of Zach McAllister. McAllister, a former prospect as a starter who has settled into a role as a decent reliever for the Indians, struck out Dexter Fowler to end the inning. David Waldstein: Not a great outing by Bauer. He clearly didn’t have the feel on his pitches, and that kind of pitch count is not helpful  —   87 pitches in three and   innings. By comparison, Greg Maddux threw a complete game against the Cubs in 1997 (the year the Indians last went to the World Series). Maddux hit double figures in pitches in only two innings in that game. It has been four innings and Cleveland has yet to get a hit against the pitcher who is the best in the majors at not allowing them. Arrieta, in short sleeves, pitched to Francisco Lindor, who was not only wearing a hood but also had his mouth and nose covered. The extra warmth didn’t matter, with Arrieta getting Lindor with a called strike three. Mike Napoli was next, and he flied out weakly to center. Jose Ramirez walked, but Arrieta got Lonnie Chisenhall to pop out to end the inning. Arrieta has thrown two   in his career and has led the majors in fewest hits allowed per nine innings in each of the last two seasons. The Cubs are continuing to pile on in support of Jake Arrieta’s masterpiece. Zach McCallister started off the inning with his second consecutive strikeout, but Anthony Rizzo was able to draw a   walk. Ben Zobrist made McAllister pay for it by driving a ball to the   wall that Lonnie Chisenhall fell down trying to corral. Rizzo scored all the way from first and Zobrist slid into third for a triple, ending McAllister’s day. Bryan Shaw came on in relief to face Kyle Schwarber and Schwarber delivered once again, with a single that brought Zobrist home, stretching the lead to   with Cleveland having recorded just one out. Shaw struck out Javier Baez for the second out of the inning but Jason Kipnis bobbled a grounder from Willson Contreras that allowed the Cubs’ catcher to reach first base. With runners at first and third, Jorge Soler walked to load the bases and then Shaw walked Addison Russell to force in a run, pushing the score to  . Luckily for Shaw, the next batter was the struggling Dexter Fowler, who struck out swinging, and extended his hitless streak in the series to eight  . David Waldstein: Kyle Schwarber cannot be stopped. The question is, can he possibly play in the outfield when the series moves to National League park Wrigley Field? I would think not because of his surgically repaired knee. But his bat is such a weapon, it may be tempting for the Cubs to play him. They already took a chance by putting him on the World Series roster, but playing him in the outfield is kind of pushing it. Now, let’s see if the Indians can get a hit. That would be a good place for them to start. Jake Arrieta got a quick first out on a liner from Coco Crisp and then struck out Tyler Naquin. Roberto Perez, the hero of Game 1, put a charge into the ball, but Ben Zobrist caught it near the wall to end the inning and preserve the  . After entering the game as a   for Jorge Soler in the   of the inning, the struggling Jason Heyward stayed in to play right field. Considering his gigantic contract, it would be good for Heyward to chip in on offense as well. David Waldstein: Arrieta is pitching like it is 2015, or at least the first half of 2016. I know he was not at his best down the stretch, but Arrieta is a great choice to pitch on the road. Over the last two seasons he is   away from Wrigley Field, and yes, records do matter for starting pitchers when the numbers are that prominent. Last year he was   on the road with a 1. 60 earned run average. Cleveland still doesn’t have a hit. Arrieta is putting the ball on the corners with late movement and a lot of heat. How do you hit that? He’s thrown 79 pitches through five innings. Cleveland fans here have almost nothing to cheer, but they were jazzed up to see members of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team in their usual luxury box showing off their brand new championship rings. I saw J. R. Smith and Kevin Love. I think LeBron is also here, somewhere, too. Maybe he could get a hit off of Arrieta. Danny Salazar became Cleveland’s fourth pitcher of the night, and the   got off to a good start by getting Kris Bryant to line out to center and Anthony Rizzo to ground out to first. He got into a jam by issuing consecutive walks to Ben Zobrist and Kyle Schwarber, but he wriggled out of the inning by inducing a popup to center from Javier Baez. The Cleveland bullpen is getting a lot of work in tonight. David Waldstein: Attendance is announced as 38, 172. A lot of them are Cubs fans. The rest are cold and miserable, since the Indians don’t have a hit and Jake Arrieta has faced only three batters above the minimum. Things are looking good for Chicago. The last time the Cubs won a World Series game was Game 6 in 1945 (they lost Game 7 when Hal Newhouser threw a complete game for the Detroit Tigers). Skeeter Webb, Dizzy Trout and Peanuts Lowrey went a combined 1 for 10 for both teams in that game. Coco Crisp could have played in that game. Jake Arrieta’s pursuit of the third   in postseason history ended when Jason Kipnis hit a   double up the middle. Two batters later the Indians scored the team’s first run of the game when a wild pitch allowed Kipnis to score. After the wild pitch and a single by Mike Napoli, Cubs Manager Joe Maddon pulled Arrieta in favor of Mike Montgomery. While thoughts of Arrieta joining Don Larsen and Roy Halladay in the history books were fun, it was unlikely he would have been allowed to go the distance. His   when he was pulled was already at 98. Montgomery needed just two pitches to end the inning, getting Jose Ramirez to ground out, ending the modest rally. Jeff Manship entered the game as Cleveland’s fifth pitcher of the night and started things off with a walk to Willson Contreras. That brought up the struggling Jason Heyward, and while the box score says Heyward recorded an out, the big outfielder’s   ball to the outfield had to be encouraging for him following a difficult first year in Chicago. The Indians then tried to get fancy on a ground ball from Addison Russell and it backfired. Shortstop Francisco Lindor made a diving stop and tried to flip it to Jason Kipnis at second base from behind his back to try and start a double play. The flip was well out of Kipnis’s reach, and the second baseman was saddled with an error for his trouble. Dexter Fowler loaded the bases with his first hit of the series and that was it for Manship, who was relieved by Dan Otero having recorded just one out while allowing three baserunners. Asked to work out of a terrible jam, Otero immediately got a ground ball to   from Kris Bryant to erase the run at home. Otero then got Anthony Rizzo to fly out to left to end the inning. David Waldstein: Before people start claiming Kipnis, a former Cubs fan from Northbrook, Ill. is subconsciously trying to help his former favorite team end their   jinx, remember he got the first hit off of Arrieta, a hustling double, and scored Cleveland’s only run. Not that anyone would say that with any level of seriousness. The good news for the Indians is that Kipnis’s ankle seems to be fine. The bad news is that he is having trouble catching the ball. Maybe he sprained his glove, too. Cleveland’s ageless speedster Rajai Davis led off the   as a   in place of Lonnie Chisenhall and offered some comic relief as he hit a ball down the   line that was ruled foul. Davis didn’t hear the call and ran hard through the bag, with his helmet flying off his head as he appeared to beat the throw. The play was convincing enough that Coco Crisp was digging into the batter’s box and had to be told by the umpire that Davis was still up. Ultimately, Mike Montgomery struck Davis out, and when Crisp was allowed to bat for real, Montgomery struck him out as well. Brandon Guyer entered the game as a   for Tyler Naquin and singled to center. He advanced to second on a wild pitch and Roberto Perez walked but Montgomery struck out Carlos Santana to end the threat. David Waldstein: Both teams need to speed up play. Weather reports say showers are headed this way soon. Nothing yet, though. Technically, if it rains so hard they have to stop play, and it persists for the night, they could suspend the game and come back here tomorrow to finish it off, which is the last thing anyone wants, except for maybe the vendors at Progressive Field. I think it’s more likely that they would play through a hurricane before suspending play, but that is in the hands of the umpires. Chicago is supposed to at least be warmer for the weekend games. Dan Otero retired the   Ben Zobrist to start the inning and then continued his mastery of the Chicago hitters by catching Kyle Schwarber looking at strike three. He got Javier Baez to ground out to end the inning and has retired all five batters he has faced. David Waldstein: Indians pitchers get their first    inning. They have thrown a combined 186 pitches from six pitchers through eight innings. That’s what days off are for. The only good thing is that Andrew Miller, who threw 46 pitches in Game 1, won’t have to pitch at all, barring some kind of miraculous comeback by the Indians. Say this for the Cleveland fans. Most of them are still here, and a lot are standing when the Indians are at the plate. Rugged crowd. Mike Montgomery kept up his strong relief outing, retiring the first two batters he saw, but when Mike Napoli got his second hit of the game, Joe Maddon decided it was time to turn to his closer, Aroldis Chapman. The controversial reliever with the   fastball got a strikeout to end the inning, giving Cleveland just one more chance to get back into the game. David Waldstein: Chicago is three outs away with Chapman, who is throwing 103 miles per hour, on the mound. Can you imagine facing that kind of fastball on a raw night like this? If the Cubs hold on to win, it will mark the 58th time that the World Series has been tied after two games. In the previous 57, the winner of Game 2 has gone on to win the World Series 29 times, virtually half of those occasions (50. 9 percent). Mike Clevenger came in for the ninth inning as Cleveland’s seventh pitcher of the game and recorded a    inning. The Indians have three more outs to try and make up a   deficit. The Cubs’   closer topped out at 102 on the radar gun in the bottom of the ninth. Other than walking Brandon Guyer, Chapman had little trouble in what was probably a good warmup for him as the Series heads home to Chicago for three games. Odds are the Cubs will need him for extensive work there. David Waldstein: Cubs win their first World Series game since 1945! Does that officially take the curse off? Moving the game up to 7:08 was a very smart move by Major League Baseball. Very light rain fell, but there was never a question of playing through it. Who knows what it would be like in an hour from now? So, as the series moves to Wrigley Field for Game 3, it is going to feature Kyle Hendrick against Josh Tomlin. Hendrick is   with a 2. 24 earned run average at Wrigley Field. This year his record at home was   with a 1. 32 E. R. A.",0
7732,Trump Transition Nominates No One — But Does Name Inaugural Committee - The New York Times,"The jockeying for power in the incoming administration of   Donald J. Trump and on Capitol Hill is exposing frayed nerves and lingering anger  —   but also the seeds of new leadership in both parties. He may not yet have nominated a single cabinet member, or sent emissaries to the federal agencies, or held a news conference as   but Mr. Trump does have a presidential inaugural committee lined up. And it includes some serious money. The Trump transition named its inaugural committee leadership team on Tuesday evening, headed by Thomas Barrack Jr. a private equity titan. Other members include the financier Lewis M. Eisenberg the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson (one of the largest political donors on earth) Gail Icahn, the wife of the investor Carl Icahn Woody Johnson, owner of the N. F. L. ’s New York Jets the hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci the Texas businessmen Ray Washburne and Roy Bailey and the luxury casino tycoon Steve Wynn. The congratulatory visits keep on coming. Marla Maples, Mr. Trump’s second wife, was spotted entering Trump Tower around 4 p. m. on Tuesday. She was in the building for nearly 25 minutes and waved to journalists and pedestrians as she left. Mr. Trump and Ms. Maples divorced in 1999 and remain on good terms. And speaking of reconciliations, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas stopped by as well. Senator John McCain issued a blunt warning on Tuesday to   Trump and his emerging foreign policy team: Don’t try another “reset” with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. During the campaign, Mr. Trump described Mr. Putin as a strong leader and suggested that the United States and Russia might join forces in fighting the Islamic State. Mr. Putin congratulated Mr. Trump on his election in a phone call on Monday and discussed working together to combat terrorism and resolve the crisis in Syria, according to the Kremlin’s account. That was too much for Mr. McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, who cautioned the incoming administration not to be taken in by “a former K. G. B. agent. ” “The Obama administration’s last attempt at resetting relations with Russia culminated in Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and military intervention in the Middle East,” Mr. McCain, the newly   Arizona Republican, said in a statement. “At the very least, the price of another ‘reset’ would be complicity in Putin and Assad’s butchery of the Syrian people,” he added. “This is an unacceptable price for a great nation. When America has been at its greatest, it is when we have stood on the side of those fighting tyranny. That is where we must stand again. ” Rebekah Mercer, the scion of a powerful family of conservative donors and a member of Mr. Trump’s executive transition committee, has had little success in her mission to solicit names and résumés for potential administration posts, according to a person familiar with her outreach efforts. Ms. Mercer, 42, the daughter of the New York investor Robert Mercer, has told Republican operatives and members of previous administrations that she was having trouble finding takers for posts at the under secretary level and below. She also made it clear that the transition team was more than a month behind schedule and on a tight timeline, the person said. The Mercer family has invested tens of millions of dollars in conservative causes and is considered especially close to Stephen K. Bannon, the chairman of Mr. Trump’s campaign who was named as his senior presidential adviser. Mr. Mercer reportedly invested $10 million in Breitbart, the   news site previously run by Mr. Bannon. Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, also previously oversaw a “super PAC” financed by the Mercer family. Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the outgoing minority leader, took to the Senate floor Thursday with a slew of stories about bullied children, racist attacks, and   acts, unholstered to bash Mr. Trump, his new hobby. “His election sparked a wave of hate crime across America. This is a simple statement of fact,” Mr. Reid said before imploring Democrats to stand as a force against Mr. Trump. Representative Steve Stivers of Ohio was named the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, the party’s campaign arm for House candidates, succeeding Representative Greg Walden of Oregon. In a statement, Speaker Paul D. Ryan called Mr. Stivers “a talented leader. ” Eliot A. Cohen, who wrote one of the “Never Trump” pieces this year that called Mr. Trump’s view of American power and influence in the world “wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle,” said in an interview on Tuesday that a Trump transition aide had asked him for recommendations for the national security team. But when Mr. Cohen, a former national security official in George W. Bush’s administration, suggested the caveat that many foreign policy hands would enlist only if there were credible people leading national security agencies and departments, he said he received a vituperative email in response. The tone of the email surprised him, he said, expressing a level of vengefulness at odds with an administration that is trying to fill important national security positions with qualified people. “They think of these jobs as lollipops,” Mr. Cohen said. “I think we’re on the verge of a crisis here. ” With John Bolton, the former United Nations ambassador, emerging as a finalist for a senior national security post, even secretary of state, Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, said on Tuesday that he would do “whatever I can” to block him. Such opposition is improving the stock of Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor, to lead the State Department, but Mr. Paul is not so sure about him either, citing Mr. Giuliani’s “worrisome ties to foreign governments” on CNN. The floating of Mr. Bolton as one of Mr. Trump’s contenders for secretary of state has baffled members of both parties, because his hawkish foreign policy worldview is so at odds with Mr. Trump’s campaign pitch for less military engagement in the world. That is one area in which Mr. Paul, one of Mr. Trump’s rivals in the race for the Republican nomination, said he agreed with the  . “I can’t imagine supporting anyone who hasn’t learned the lesson of the last 20 years,” Mr. Paul said of Mr. Bolton, who was ambassador to the United Nations for George W. Bush during the escalation of the war in Iraq. Mr. Paul called Mr. Bolton “unrepentant. ” Matthew Freedman, the chief executive at Global Impact, a consulting firm, was removed from his post overseeing the National Security Council transition after questions emerged about his lobbying ties. According to a former federal government official, Mr. Freedman had been using his Global Impact email to conduct official transition business. The official said that transition members were advised to use only their ptt. gov email, and that use of a business email was counter to transition policy. Mr. Freedman has worked as a security consultant for decades, after a brief career with the federal government working for the National Security Council and the Agency for International Development. He started as a foreign government lobbyist in the 1980s, when he joined a company then led by Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, taking up prominent international clients, such as government officials from Nigeria and Argentina, and the dictator Ferdinand Marcos from the Philippines. Reached by phone, Mr. Freedman declined to comment Tuesday. Vice   Mike Pence and Rick Dearborn, a Trump campaign staff member who is close to Mr. Trump’s    Jared Kushner, are going over the transition staffing list to make a “very concerted effort to clear house of any lobbyists,” said one transition official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. This means others beyond Mr. Freedman will likely be purged as well. Carl Icahn, a business magnate who is close to the   tipped his hand on Twitter: Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs financier and hedge fund founder, seems to have an inside track to be Treasury secretary and Wilbur Ross, a billionaire investor and turnaround artist, could be Commerce secretary. Mr. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s national campaign finance chairman, does seem to have big plans. Spotted entering Trump Tower on Tuesday, he told reporters, “We’re working on the economic plan with the transition, making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed, the biggest tax changes since Reagan, so a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump presidency. ” Mr. Trump has called for deep tax cuts for people at all income levels, consolidation of tax brackets, higher standard tax deductions, the elimination of the death tax and lower corporate tax rates. He has also called for ending “special interest loopholes” and he has said he wants to end the “carried interest” provision that benefits private equity groups. The estimated cost to the treasury of those plans is more than $5 trillion over 10 years. To put that in perspective, George W. Bush’s tax cuts in 2001  —   the largest in history  —   were a wee $1. 35 trillion over a decade. Ben Carson spent months trying to persuade voters to elect him president, but, according to his spokesman, he does not think he is qualified to run a federal agency in the Trump administration. According to the spokesman, Armstrong Williams, who is also Mr. Carson’s business manager, Mr. Trump offered the retired neurosurgeon a “buffet” of job options as a reward for being a loyal ally after dropping out of the race for the Republican nomination. “The   said, ‘Ben, tell me whatever you want to run, it will be yours,’” Mr. Williams recounted. But Mr. Carson has no experience running large enterprises, Mr. Williams said, and did not think it would be a wise move to start in the new administration. Mr. Carson had been discussed as a candidate to lead the Department of Health and Human Services or the Department of Education, or to be surgeon general. “He’d be like a fish out of water,” Mr. Williams said. Amid rising calls for change in Democratic leadership, House Democrats decided in a   meeting on Tuesday to postpone their leadership elections until Nov. 30. After last week’s bruising loss, there have been rumblings among some Democrats that perhaps a new leader should replace Representative Nancy Pelosi of California in the role she has held since 2003. Some members have urged Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio to run, and he is considering it, his office said Monday. Mr. Ryan, a former football player from the Youngstown area, is in stark contrast with Ms. Pelosi, an affluent scion of a Baltimore political family long ensconced in San Francisco, one of the country’s most liberal bastions.",0
7733,THE MOMENT BIDEN FINDS OUT THE EMAILS CAME FROM WEINER…,Home › VIDEO › THE MOMENT BIDEN FINDS OUT THE EMAILS CAME FROM WEINER… THE MOMENT BIDEN FINDS OUT THE EMAILS CAME FROM WEINER… 0 SHARES Post navigation,0
7734,North Korea May Be Preparing a Nuclear Test for Kim Il-Sung’s Birthday - Breitbart,"North Korea has begun preparing festivities for the “Day of the Sun,” a holiday celebrating communist leader Kim  . Satellite images suggest that among those festivities may be the nation’s sixth nuclear test, which would arrive at a particularly tempestuous time in the relationship between Pyongyang and its largest benefactor, China. [The satellite images in question appeared on the website 38 North this week, dedicated to monitoring North Korean nuclear sites for unusual activity. The outlet warned that the   Nuclear Test Site appeared “primed and ready” for such a nuclear test due to the amount of water and heat apparently coming out of the facility.  NBC News notes that the day before the 38 North report, Pyongyang “warned it would strike the U. S. mainland with nuclear weapons at any sign of aggression from Washington. ” This, however, is not an unusual occurrence last month, for example, North Korea threatened a nuclear strike on Manhattan. The South Korean newswire service Yonhap reports that their sources within the South Korean military disagreed with the conclusions in the report, saying there had been “no unusual” activity at the site, or any other such nuclear site in the country to their knowledge. “Another defense official here did not rule out the possibility that the unpredictable North will carry out a nuclear test without special indications spotted, given its past provocation,” the report added. Another report at Voice of America suggested that evidence exists that a “nuclear device” is prepared to launch for Saturday, the “Day of the Sun. ” North Korean nuclear officials have “apparently placed a nuclear device in a tunnel and it could be detonated Saturday AM Korea time. ” An official at the American National Security Council told Voice of America that the NSC “will be watching closely,” but did not elaborate. North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests, the latest and largest in September. Pyongyang claimed that this test was of a hydrogen bomb  —   an “  of Justice”  —   but nuclear experts disagreed, noting that the blast caused by the bomb was too small to have come from a pure fusion explosion. Experts contended the bomb was likely a   hybrid. North Korea has also revealed the major event for which they corralled the nation’s media last night, and contrary to international suspicions, it was not a nuclear test, but the opening of a new residential area in Pyongyang. According to Yonhap, Kim   personally attended the unveiling of a new neighborhood in Pyongyang, billed as a “big and important event” to international media present.",0
7735,More Footage Of Operation High Jump With Hitler!,"More Footage Of Operation High Jump With Hitler! page: 1 link Hi everyone. This was on my youtube feed today and thought I would share it and maybe get some feedback. Thru all my years of paranormal and alien spaceship research and experiences, I came to the conclusion that it was all man made. After watching this video, I am even more convinced of them being man made. There is so much technology they aren't telling us.Well, I hope you get a chance to view this and let me know what you think. Are they man made? a reply to: childoffather They knew about the technology were using right now in the 50's and 60's. I have heard the public are ten years behind what they know technologically. 40 to 60 years ago...we have come a long way baby. Not sure about the moon landing though. lol. link originally posted by: carewemust I guess there was no reason to HOAX a fake Moon landing, since the technology was available, even before the 1960's. Was probably even more refined by 1967. That's not true. We don't understand the dynamics of space so what we can do outside of the atmosphere and inside of the atmosphere we have no idea. How the moonlanding was a hoax we also do not understand. It could be a coverup of some sort or another. link a reply to: childoffather factor the exponential growth of tech into the equation and start from the early 1930's instead of the 90's. originally posted by: Darkmadness originally posted by: carewemust I guess there was no reason to HOAX a fake Moon landing, since the technology was available, even before the 1960's. Was probably even more refined by 1967. That's not true. We don't understand the dynamics of space so what we can do outside of the atmosphere and inside of the atmosphere we have no idea. How the moonlanding was a hoax we also do not understand. It could be a coverup of some sort or another. Or a distraction...h .",0
7736,Exclusive: Opposition Leader: Albania’s Soros-Affiliated PM Is Ruining Our Country,"The leader of the   opposition in Albania told Breitbart News Friday that democracy in his country is in great danger, as the   prime minister Edi Rama has allowed corruption and crime to flourish there. [“Albania is in a unique and difficult situation, in a political crisis, the results of a full onslaught of organized crime on all state structures, on the rule of law, and democracy,” said Lulzim Basha, the leader of the Democratic Party of Albania.  Basha is the former mayor of Tirana, the country’s capital and largest city, and the leader of the Democratic Party of Albania. If the party wins the June 18 parliamentary elections, Basha said he becomes the new prime minister. In previous administrations, Basha held senior cabinet posts, including foreign minister. “The problem of collusion between politics and crime is not new to the Balkans,” he said. “But, the unique problem for” Albania is the outright promotion and presence of people with terrible criminal records, convicted in European Union states for offenses, such as drug trafficking, prostitution, human trafficking and other organized crime offenses. ” Criminal gangs and groups tied to terrorists operate cannabis farms and drug distribution and warehousing organizations with immunity under the Rama government, he claimed. In 2016, BBC highlighted the issue in a news report titled “Europe’s outdoor cannabis capital. ” While Basha was in Washington meeting with congressional leaders, members of his party have been carrying on more than 35 days of protests against the government of Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama and calling for his resignation. Among the leaders Basha met during his visit to Washington were Rep. Pete Sessions ( ) chairman of the House Rules Committee Rep. Michael McCaul ( ) chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee and Rep. Ed Royce ( ) chairman of the House Foreign Relations Committee. The   lawyer also attended the National Republican Congressional Committee’s annual dinner Monday, where President Donald Trump delivered the keynote address. Basha also met with California Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the chairman of its Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee. A further complication is that Rama has a relationship with financier and international agent provocateur George Soros, the mayor said. Basha said he believed that Rama is George Soros’ primary investment in Albania and the Balkans. The mayor claimed that his attacks on Soros personally, and his support for President Donald Trump, have made him the target of Soros organization smears: “I have been viciously attacked by him and his people and also the international media because I am a Trump supporter. ” Rama served at a board member of the Soros Foundation in Albania and Soros funded a   project designed to politically transform the country in partnership with Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government. Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee was so concerned about State Department programs funding Soros’ influence in Albania and other countries that he sent a March 14 letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson,   by Sen. James Inhofe ( ) Sen. Tom Tillis ( ) Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Sen. David Perdue ( ) and Sen. Bill Cassidy ( ) “Over the past few months, elected officials and political leaders of foreign nations have been coming to me with disappointing news and reports of US activity in their respective countries,” Lee wrote. “This includes reports of diplomats playing political favorites, USAID funds supporting extreme and sometimes violent political activists, and the US Government working to marginalize the moderates and conservatives in leadership roles. ” The Albanian prime minister might also be the most adamantly   leader in Europe. Basha said that at the request of Soros, Rama went on CNN to say that the prospect of Trump as president was frightening. In April 2016, Rama told the Voice of America: I believe that those in Albania who choose Trump before me, despite the differences between them and me, they are to be pitied. Between Lulzim Basha and Trump I will always choose Lulzim Basha, although I would never vote Lulzim Basha under any circumstances and for any reason, for nothing. However, it is not my problem if Lulzim Basha, or whoever else chooses Trump over me. It is their problem, Rohrabacher, who met Basha while in Washington, told Breitbart News he admired the patriotism and zeal he found in Basha. “There is reason for apprehension about what’s going on in the Balkans,” said the former speechwriter for President Ronald W. Reagan. “Stability in that part of Europe is dependent on a stable and functioning Albania. There is serious concern about the corruption, drug trade and terrorism in this important nation. ” The congressman said Albania is on the front lines in the battle against radical Islam: “If we are going to defeat radical Islam and have a stable Europe, we need someone who can get the job done. Luzlim Basha, whom I have known for some time, is just the person to get that job done. ” Basha said his message to the American people is that they have invested tremendously in to support a democratic, free, and open Albania for the last the past 27 years. “Now, the menace of organized crime and terrorism looms large over a country that has lost of its territory and borders, because of organized crime,” he said. “I am pleading for help from the United States to help us preserve that investment, so we can live up to our responsibilities as a NATO member,” he said.",0
7737,Is this the most unsatisfying video in the world?,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Is this the most unsatisfying video in the world? A beautifully animated compilation of painfully unsatisfying moments, like a pop can stuck in a vending machine and a spoon that slips all the way into your bowl of soup.",0
7738,Appeals Court Rejects Request to Immediately Restore Travel Ban - The New York Times,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   A federal appeals court early Sunday rejected a request by the Justice Department to immediately restore President Trump’s targeted travel ban, deepening a legal showdown over his authority to tighten the nation’s borders in the name of protecting Americans from terrorism. In the legal back and forth over the travel ban, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco said a reply from the Trump administration was now due on Monday. The ruling meant that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   as well as vetted refugees from all nations could, for now, continue to enter the country. Those foreigners had been barred by an executive order signed by the president on Jan. 27. After a Federal District Court in Seattle blocked Mr. Trump’s order nationwide on Friday, the Justice Department appealed the ruling late Saturday, saying that  the president had the constitutional authority to order the ban and that the court ruling “  the president’s national security judgment. ” On Saturday night, as Mr. Trump arrived at a Red Cross gala at    his waterfront Florida resort, where he was spending the first getaway weekend of his presidency, reporters asked him if he was confident he would prevail in the government’s appeal. “We’ll win,” he replied. “For the safety of the country, we’ll win. ” The legal maneuvering led Mr. Trump to lash out at Judge James Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle throughout the day, prompting criticism that the president had failed to respect the judicial branch and its power to check on his authority. In a Twitter post on Saturday, Mr. Trump wrote, “The opinion of this   judge, which essentially takes   away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” The Justice Department’s filing sought to have the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit block the Seattle judge’s decision and asked that the lower court’s ruling be stayed pending the appeal. In its argument for an appeal, the Justice Department had said the president had an “unreviewable authority” to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners. It said the ruling by Judge Robart was too broad, “untethered” to the claims of the State of Washington, and in conflict with a ruling by another federal district judge, in Boston, who had upheld the order. The Ninth Circuit court moved quickly to reject the administration’s appeal, a measure of the urgency and intense interest in the case. The Justice Department argued that the president acted well within his constitutional authority. Blocking the order, it concluded, “immediately harms the public by thwarting enforcement of an Executive Order issued by the President, based on his national security judgment. ” Judge Robart, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, declared in his ruling on Friday that “there’s no support” for the administration’s argument that “we have to protect the U. S. from individuals” from the affected countries. His ruling also barred the administration from enforcing its limits on accepting refugees. The State Department said Saturday that refugees, including Syrians, could begin arriving as early as Monday. Syrians had faced an indefinite ban under the executive order. Despite Mr. Trump’s vehement criticism of the ruling and the certainty that it would be appealed, the government agencies at the center of the issue, the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security, moved quickly to comply. Lawrence Bartlett, the State Department’s director of refugee resettlement, wrote in a departmental email that officials were working to rebook travel for refugees who had previously been scheduled to leave for the United States over a   period that will end Feb. 17. A State Department official said the extended time frame accounted for the fact that some refugees will have to make difficult journeys back to airports from refugee camps. A United Nations spokesman, Leonard Doyle, said about 2, 000 refugees were ready to travel. Airlines, citing American customs officials, were telling passengers from the seven countries that their visas were once again valid. Those carriers, however, have yet to report an uptick in travel, and there appeared to be no rush to airports by visa holders in Europe and the Middle East intent on making their way to the United States. Etihad Airways, the United Arab Emirates’ national carrier, said in a statement: “Following advice received today from the U. S. Customs and Border Protection unit at Abu Dhabi Airport, the airline will again be accepting nationals from the seven countries named last week. ” Other Arab carriers, including Qatar Airways, issued similar statements. A group of advocacy organizations that had worked to overturn the executive order and help immigrants and refugees stranded at airports issued a statement on Saturday afternoon encouraging travelers “to rebook travel to the United States immediately. ” “We have been in contact with hundreds of people impacted by the ban, and we are urging them to get on planes as quickly as possible,” Clare Kane, a law student intern at the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at Yale Law School, one of the groups involved, said in a statement. But some officials were being more cautious, advising travelers to wait for further clarity. The American Embassy in Baghdad said it was waiting for additional guidance from Washington. “We don’t know what the effect will be, but we’re working to get more information,” the embassy told The Associated Press in a statement. The Department of Homeland Security said it had suspended implementation of the order, including procedures to flag travelers from the countries designated in Mr. Trump’s order. It said it would resume standard inspection procedures. But in a statement, the department defended the order as “lawful and appropriate. ” In his first statement on the matter on Friday evening, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, described the Seattle judge’s action as “outrageous. ” Minutes later, the White House issued a new statement deleting the word outrageous. Mr. Trump’s Twitter post showed no such restraint. It recalled the attacks he made during the presidential campaign on a federal district judge in California who was presiding over a   lawsuit involving Trump University. Democrats said the president’s criticism of Judge Robart was a dangerous development. Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, a member of the Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that Mr. Trump seemed “intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis. ” Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington, whose state filed the suit that led to the injunction, said the attack was “beneath the dignity” of the presidency and could “lead America to calamity. ” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said in a statement that Mr. Trump’s outburst could weigh on the confirmation process for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the president’s nominee for the Supreme Court. Until now, Mr. Trump had been comparatively restrained about the multiple federal judges who have ruled against parts of his immigration order, even as he staunchly defended its legality. Some analysts had speculated that he did not want a repeat of the storm during the campaign when he accused Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of having a conflict of interest in the Trump University case because the judge’s family was of Mexican heritage. Mr. Trump, who had painted Mexicans as rapists and criminals, settled that case after the election. But on Saturday morning, Mr. Trump let loose, and in the afternoon he unleashed another volley of attacks on the ruling. In one Twitter message, he questioned why a judge could “halt a Homeland Security travel ban,” which would allow “anyone, even with bad intentions,” to enter the country. An hour later, he complained about the “terrible decision,” saying it would let “many very bad and dangerous people” pour into the country. Earlier, Mr. Trump had asserted, without evidence, that some Middle Eastern countries supported the immigration order. “Interesting that certain   countries agree with the ban,” he wrote. “They know that if certain people are allowed in it’s death  destruction!” The Washington State case was filed on Monday, and it was assigned to Judge Robart that day. He asked for briefs on whether the state had standing to sue, with the last one due on Thursday. On Wednesday, Minnesota joined the suit. On Friday evening, Judge Robart issued a temporary restraining order, requiring the government to revert to its previous immigration policies as the case moved forward. He found that the states and their citizens had been injured by Mr. Trump’s order. “The executive order adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employment, education, business, family relations and freedom to travel,” Judge Robart wrote. He said the states had been hurt because the order affected their public universities and their tax bases. Still, Judge Robart’s order left many questions, said Josh Blackman, a professor at South Texas College of Law in Houston. “Does the executive order violate the equal protection of the laws, amount to an establishment of religion, violate rights of free exercise, or deprive aliens of due process of law?” Professor Blackman asked. “Who knows? The analysis is bare bones, and leaves the court of appeals, as well as the Supreme Court, with no basis to determine whether the nationwide injunction was proper. ” While large crowds had yet to materialize at airports, there were individual stories of people trying to enter the country. Nael Zaino, 32, a Syrian who had tried unsuccessfully for nearly a week to fly to the United States to join his wife and   son, was allowed to board a flight from Istanbul and then Frankfurt late Friday. He landed in Boston around 1 p. m. Saturday and emerged from immigration two hours later, said his    Katty Alhayek. Mr. Zaino was believed to be among the first revoked visa holders to enter the United States since the executive order went into effect. His advocates had sought a waiver for him from the State Department, citing family reunification. “Mine must be a very special case,” Mr. Zaino said by phone from Istanbul. Iranians, many of them students on their way to American universities, also rushed to book flights to transfer destinations in other Persian Gulf countries, Turkey and Europe. Pedram Paragomi, a    Iranian medical student bound for the University of Pittsburgh, who had been caught up in the initial chaos over the travel ban, flew to Frankfurt on Saturday, where he was to transfer to a flight to Boston. “I’m anxious,” he said from Frankfurt. “The rules keep on changing, but I think I will make it this time. ”",0
7739,"Rand Paul on Obamacare Lite: There Is a ’Separation Between’ Ryan, Trump - Breitbart","Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said there is a “separation between” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s ( ) and President Donald Trump.  Paul said, “I think there is a separation between the two. I have talked to the president, I think three times on Obamacare and I hear from him he is willing to negotiate. You know what I hear from Paul Ryan ‘it is a binary choice, young man.’ But what is a binary choice, his way or the highway?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
7740,HSBC Bank Executives Face Charges in $3.5 Billion Currency Case - The New York Times,"The global banking giant HSBC has repeatedly found itself in the cross hairs of American regulators and prosecutors in recent years. To settle allegations of   and mortgage abuses, it has paid billions of dollars  —   but has not been criminally charged. That has spurred an outcry that the bank is “too big to jail. ” But now two senior executives of HSBC face criminal charges, accused of a currency manipulation scheme that federal prosecutors say generated $8 million in profits and fees. The global head of HSBC’s foreign exchange cash trading desk, Mark Johnson, a Briton, was arrested by federal agents Tuesday night at Kennedy International Airport as he was boarding a flight to London. He and Stuart Scott, the former head of the bank’s currency trading desk for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, were charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud related to a transaction on behalf of a corporate client, exchanging dollars for British pounds. The charges are a boon to the Justice Department, which until now has not mounted any cases against individuals in its   investigations into currency manipulation by the major banks. “This case demonstrates the criminal division’s commitment to hold corporate executives, including at the world’s largest and most sophisticated institutions, responsible for their crimes,” said Leslie R. Caldwell, the head of the Justice Department’s criminal division. The case against the two men resembles a conventional insider trading scheme, but with a twist because the defendants traded in currencies instead of stocks. HSBC was hired to convert dollars into British pounds for a company as it was preparing to complete the sale of a subsidiary. The complaint does not identify the client, but it was Cairn Energy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the case who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Cairn, a midsize oil and gas company based in Edinburgh, was selling its Indian subsidiary to Vedanta Resources, an Indian conglomerate owned by the mining magnate Anil Agarwal. The two HSBC executives are accused of using their knowledge of the deal to trade ahead of the $3. 5 billion currency transaction, “ramping” up the price of one currency to benefit the bank at the expense of its client. The criminal complaint unsealed on Wednesday detailed conversations between Mr. Scott and Mr. Johnson discussing how high they could “ramp” up the price of the currency before the company would “squeal. ” In the Federal District Court in Brooklyn on Wednesday, Mr. Johnson, 50, was released on a $1 million bond secured by $300, 000 cash and his house in Britain. A lawyer for Mr. Johnson did not respond to a request for comment. It is unclear where Mr. Scott, who is 43 and also a British citizen, is currently located. The case is being led by federal prosecutors in the office of Robert L. Capers, the United State attorney in Brooklyn. The criminal charges against the individuals follows a broader investigation of banks into alleged manipulation of foreign currency trading that federal prosecutors began about three years ago. HSBC was one of five banks to reach a combined $4. 25 billion settlement in 2014 with United States, British and Swiss regulators over accusations that the banks had conspired to manipulate currency rates. But HSBC was not among five banks that agreed last year to plead guilty to felony charges in connection with manipulating the price of dollars and euros. Those banks agreed to pay criminal fines totaling more than $2. 5 billion. HSBC has previously said the Justice Department is continuing to investigate the bank. It has set aside an additional $1. 3 billion for further potential settlements, according to a filing last summer. Robert Sherman, a spokesman for HSBC, which is based in London, said on Wednesday that the bank had been and would continue to cooperate with the Justice Department’s foreign exchange investigation. While HSBC was not implicated in Wednesday’s criminal complaint, the case is another black eye for the   bank that has substantial operations in the United States. In 2012, it paid $1. 9 billion in fines to United States authorities to settle allegations of being a conduit for illegal money. The deal included a   agreement with the Manhattan district attorney’s office and the Justice Department. The Justice Department’s decision not to criminally charge HSBC in that case received renewed scrutiny last week, when a report prepared by Republican staff of the House Financial Services Committee showed that prosecutors at the Justice Department wanted to criminally charge the bank, but were overruled by top officials in the department, including the attorney general at the time, Eric H. Holder Jr. And HSBC paid $550 million in 2014 to settle allegations that it made billions of dollars of   securities appear to be compliant with regulations. The latest case stems from 2011, when HSBC was one of 10 banks that were invited to bid for the right to execute the currency transaction on behalf of Cairn Energy. Each competing bank was required to sign a confidentiality agreement. In its bid submission, HSBC pledged it could “provide one quote for the full amount or even drip feed the market in the utmost confidential nature so as to ensure there are no sudden FX moves against the company,” according to the complaint. But when HSBC won the bid in October of 2011, it did the exact opposite, the complaint says. After securing the lucrative job, a supervisor at HSBC told Mr. Scott on a call that the bank did not want to “push the market too much” higher “and at the same time we want to make money on this,” according to the complaint. Mr. Johnson and Mr. Scott began to buy British pounds in exchange for other currencies, which they later sold for a profit to HSBC on the day of Cairn’s currency deal on Dec. 7, the government said. In a call to discuss the details of Cairn’s transaction with HSBC, Mr. Scott “falsely and fraudulently” advised representatives at Cairn on the best time of the day to execute the trade, according to the complaint. When an adviser working on behalf of the company questioned Mr. Scott’s logic, he added that if traders in the market were aware of the transaction, “they will try to jump in front and start to muck around in the markets,” according to the complaint. Mr. Johnson also gave his own personal recommendation along the same lines. Minutes after the call ended, Mr. Scott and Mr. Johnson began aggressively buying up pounds. When Cairn representatives did notice the sudden spike in the price of the British pound and asked HSBC, the person was told the spike in trading was the result of a Russian bank buying pounds at the same time as Cairn. Mr. Johnson, according to the complaint, was surprised to learn that Cairn Energy decided to go ahead with the   currency transaction, even as his trading in the markets had caused the price of the currency to soar to its highest point of the day. Responding to the news, Mr. Johnson replied, “Ohhhh, Christmas,” using an expletive as an adjective.",0
7741,Smart Meter Case Testimony Before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission: What No One Wants to Acknowledge About EMF Damage Part 3 of 4,"By Catherine J Frompovich This is the continuation of the testimony I will present before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court November 2 and 3, 2016.... ",0
7742,Cornyn Withdraws from Consideration to Replace Comey at FBI,"U. S. Senator John Cornyn ( ) said again on Tuesday that he is not interested in succeeding James Comey as director of the FBI. His statement reaffirms what he told Breitbart Texas last week when news outlets reported his name being on President Donald Trump’s short list. [Responding to an email inquiry from Breitbart Texas, Senator Cornyn wrote on Friday, “I have the distinct privilege of serving 28 million Texans in the United States Senate, and that is where my focus remains. ”  “I have always considered public service to be a great privilege,” the Majority Whip said in a statement on Tuesday. “How I can best serve my fellow Texans and my country has, and will continue to be, my guiding principle. ” “Now more than ever the country needs a   independent FBI Director. I’ve informed the Administration that I’m committed to helping them find such an individual, and that the best way I can serve is continuing to fight for a conservative agenda in the U. S. Senate. ” Other lawmakers reported to be on the short list include South Carolina Representative Trey Gowdy, a form federal prosecutor, and former Representative Mike Rogers from Michigan. Trump is also reported to be considering other law enforcement professionals including former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly who served under Mayor Rudy Giuliani during the   attack. Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush is also said to be under consideration. The remainder of the list includes: Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
7743,NYT Mag: Silicon Valley Has Been ‘Transformed’ into ‘Center of Anti-Trump Resistance’ - Breitbart,"The New York Times Magazine recently ran a story declaring Silicon Valley to be the “center of   resistance. ”[The article, written by Farhad Manjoo, is titled “Can Facebook Fix Its Own Worst Bug?” and poses the question: “Mark Zuckerberg now acknowledges the dangerous side of the social revolution he helped start. But is the most powerful tool for connection in human history capable of adapting to the world it created?”  The article discusses the mood in Silicon Valley days before Donald Trump’s inauguration, describing the general mood as “grim. ” But Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was reportedly quite positive about the future, describing 2016 as an “interesting year for us [Facebook]. ” The article later describes Silicon Valley’s detachment from real world events, saying, “In Silicon Valley, current events tend to fade into the background. The Sept. 11 attacks, the Iraq war, the financial crisis and every recent presidential election occurred, for the tech industry, on some parallel but distant timeline divorced from the everyday business of digitizing the world. ” But the election of Donald Trump caused many in Silicon Valley to suddenly take notice of the political world, “Then Donald Trump won. In the 17 years I’ve spent covering Silicon Valley, I’ve never seen anything shake the place like his victory,” Manjoo writes. “In the span of a few months, the Valley has been transformed from a politically disengaged company town into a center of   resistance and fear. ” “A week after the election, one   founder sent me a private message on Twitter: ‘I think it’s worse than I thought,’ he wrote. ‘Originally I thought 18 months. I’ve cut that in half,’” Manjoo recalls. “Until what? ‘Apocalypse. End of the world. ’” The description of Silicon Valley as the “center of   resistance” is unsurprising, Google employees and executives previously held rallies at Google offices across the United States in protest of President Trump’s temporary travel halt from nations associated with terrorism.  yo Breitbart, stop being racist, sexist, and xenophobic. #NoBanNoWall, A post shared by JLR II (@jimmyramirez) on Jan 30, 2017 at 7:13pm PST,  Google CEO Sunar Pichai spoke to the crowd about the difficulties that the company faces when attempting to deal with visa complications that many of their foreign employees encountered. “Every step, I felt the support of 65, 000 people behind me,” he said. “There are some values that you should never be compromising on, we need to stand together. The fight will continue. ” In documents released by WikiLeaks, Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google parent company Alphabet, expressed interest in acting as “head outside advisor” to the Clinton campaign during the presidential election. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange previously characterized Google as “directly engaged” in the campaign. Specifically, Assange claimed, “The chairman of Google, Eric Schmidt, set up a company to run the digital component of Hillary Clinton’s campaign. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
7744,Mike Pence to National Catholic Prayer Breakfast: ’This Administration Stands with You’ - Breitbart,"Vice President Mike Pence spoke at the 13th National Catholic Prayer Breakfast in Washington, DC, Tuesday about President Trump’s commitment to the faith community. Pence reiterated the administration’s goal to advance Catholic causes, such as religious freedom and protecting the unborn. [“I had the honor to stand by President Trump as he signed an executive order to restore religious liberty in the public square,” Vice President Pence said to a standing ovation.  “This administration hears you. This administration stands with you,” he continued. “Remember to bow the head and bend the knee to pray in these challenging times. Not so much pray for a cause but as for our country. ” Pence’s remarks were well received by those attending and speaking. “I was very encouraged to hear the vice president, to express his faith overtly and to exhort us here to pray for our country,” former Ambassador to the Vatican R. James Nicholson told Breitbart News. “Nobody knows President Trump better than Vice President Pence, and when he affirms the president’s commitment to the sanctity of life, it’s very encouraging. ” “The vice president is sending the right message in the right moment. Unity is important, and it is promoted by faith. Embracing God, we will be one nation,” said Mario E. Dorsonville, the auxiliary bishop of Washington and the event’s invocation speaker. One attendee, Kevin Francis, voiced the overall attitude of the gathering, emphasizing that “it’s very encouraging that [Pence is] supportive of the sanctity of life and religious freedom, which is fundamental to not just being an American but being a person as well. In fact, I think that religious freedom is one’s most fundamental right. With that in mind, it’s also important that [Pence] expressed solidarity with all persecuted religious minorities everywhere, including imperiled Christians in Iraq and Syria. ”",0
7745,Virgil: The Real Purpose of the Left’s Permanent Campaign Against Steve Bannon,"In the past, Virgil has taken note of various Main Stream Media tricks, such as the false “argument from authority” and the “assertion of a false conflict. ” [Well, the MSM is at it again.  This newest trick can be called, “build him up so as to try to knock him down. ”  A case in point is the lead editorial in The New York Times on January 31, entitled, “President Bannon?”  That editorial was mostly the usual lefty litany of attacks against Stephen K. Bannon, the former executive chairman of Breitbart News, now serving in the White House as President Donald Trump’s Chief Strategist.  Indeed, the utter familiarity of the   attacks makes Virgil conclude that Times writers must think that Times readers never get tired of reading the same “golden oldie”  .  However, there was one thing new in that latest attack. And that was the headline, “President Bannon?”  Even people a lot younger than old Virgil can plainly see what the Times was trying to do here namely, build Bannon up into sort of giant existential threat.  In this telling, he’s a threat not only to liberalism, but also, a threat to the constitutional order of the Republic.  The   reader is thus supposed to think to himself or herself, “Steve Bannon is bad enough.  But President Bannon?  Yikes!”  The   goal is to provoke ever more outrage from   readers.  And the   goal, of course, is to somehow knock out Bannon, as a way of somehow knocking out President Donald Trump. The latest flashpoint of MSM angst is Bannon’s participation in the National Security Council (NSC).  On January 28, President Trump issued a   memorandum outlining his update to the structure of the NSC it’s typical for any  new president to do this at the beginning of his term. In the course of all the legalese, the new presidential document assigned Bannon a place on the “Principals Committee” of the NSC.  That is, Bannon will participate in NSC deliberations —  under the direction, of course, of the President.  Other members of the NSC include Vice President Mike Pence (who is to preside over NSC meetings in the President’s absence) the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, as well as six others, including Bannon.  In addition, another   senior figures in the government are mentioned as frequent, or likely, participants.  In other words, the most that one can say is that Bannon is one of ten regular “Principals,” and nearly a score of total attendees.   And yet since the MSM mantra is All   All The Time, obedient journos have gone into overdrive.  For example, veteran   Jonathan Alter, a fixture on MSNBC, has tweeted: Breaking: obscure law requires Sen confirmation for WH aide like Bannon to serve on NSC. 50 U. S. Code § 3021   Wow.  Citing an exact legal code makes Alter’s claim sound so official.  But then, a lot of fake news sounds official.  Yet as Jack Landman Goldsmith —  who served as a   appointee in the Bush 43 Justice and Defense Departments, and is now a professor at Harvard Law School —  tweeted in response: Bannon is not on the NSC.   Order says he is invited to attend as   attendee.  Lots and lots of people not on NSC attend. Goldsmith has it right: According to federal law —  the National Security Act of 1947, as amended —  the National Security Council, and also, the more recent Homeland Security Council, have a very few “statutory” members that is, formal memberships, enumerated in the underlying statute.  And nothing that Trump decided last week changes that such a change would require an act of Congress.   In other words, while Bannon certainly has a high position in the Trump White House, he has no statutory role in the NSC.  He is not, for example, in any way a part of the National Chain of Command that’s another matter of statute.  Bannon is simply a valued member of the President’s team —  and we all already knew that.  And yet the reality of the situation notwithstanding, the Times went to work.  In that editorial, “President Bannon?” the purported newspaper of record attempted to whip Bannon’s elevated role into some sort of coup d’etat: A new executive order, politicizing the process for national security decisions, suggests Mr. Bannon is positioning himself not merely as a Svengali but as the de facto president. Got that, Times readers?  Bannon isn’t merely some sort of wickedly hypnotic figure, he’s on his way to being the “de facto president. ”   As we have seen, there’s not a scintilla of truth to any of this, but as we have also seen, the Times loves  .  And with that in mind, the editorial made the same fallacious point a second time:  While Mr. Trump long ago embraced Mr. Bannon’s politics, he would be wise to reconsider allowing him to run his White House. You get the idea: “de facto president,” “run his White House. ”  As they say, sometimes a falsehood, repeated often enough, becomes persuasive —  at least that’s the result that the Times is striving towards.  This repetitive technique is sometimes called “The Big Lie. ”  Or, as Virgil likes to say, magnum mendacium.   Of course, the Times is hardly alone on the   bandwagon right now, a hashtag campaign on Twitter, #StopPresidentBannon, is going full blast.  Indeed, much of the MSM is joining in this attempted stampede.  Here, for example, is a headline from the   Beltway publication, Foreign Policy: “Steve Bannon Is Making Sure There’s No White House Paper Trail, Says Intel Source: The Trump administration’s chief strategist has already taken control of both policy and process on national security. ”  Got that?  The goal of all this reportorial alarmism is to make you afraid, very afraid. In this instance, the supposed issue of import is NSC  .  Given that the Trump administration is not even two weeks old, it’s unlikely that any sort of precise precedent for records has been established, and yet that didn’t stop reporter Kate Brannen from declaring, “The lack of a paper trail documenting the   process is also troubling. ”  Brannen’s source for all this ominousness, we might add, was an “intelligence official. ”  Ah yes, the   “intelligence official,” always ready to give a reporter a juicy   quote.  We might note that is the modus operandi of the Deep State.  In the past, Virgil has chronicled the Deep State’s effort against the Trump administration, as well as, of course, the MSM campaign waged against Bannon.  So this latest is just another blast from the Deep State, dutifully trumpeted by the MSM.     Amusingly, that Foreign Policy article held up the Bush 43 administration as the gold standard of NSC  .  That might be a source of amusement —  albeit bitter amusement —  for those who remember the follies of, for example, the Iraq War.   And yet for veterans of that vainglorious conflict, and for the families of the fallen and the wounded, it’s no comfort to know that the Bush NSC was careful to write up a thorough “summary of conclusions” after every meeting.  The rest of us, too, can quickly see: the critical issue is the quality of the decision, not the quantity of the paperwork. Yet as we know by now, the MSM attacks —  grabbing any available hammer, no matter how ridiculous —  will never stop.  The same Foreign Policy, we might add, made ample room on the same day for another   this one from dedicated #NeverTrumper Max Boot:  “President Bannon’s Hugely Destructive First Week in Office: The puppet master is leading the Trump administration down a road of carnage. ”  For his part, Virgil has always figured that hardcore supporters of the Iraq War, such as Boot, ought to be a little more circumspect before throwing around phrases such as “road to carnage. ”   Still, the real issue isn’t Bannon.  Instead, the real issue is Trump.  And Foreign Policy gave that game away in yet another story, headlined, “3 Ways to Get Rid of President Trump Before 2020. ”  That piece, written by Rosa Brooks, a former under secretary of defense in the Obama administration,   raises the idea —  Virgil kids not —  of a military coup d’etat against Trump.   Okay, so Brooks is showing a high degree of kookiness that should forever disqualify her from future public service.  And yet, of course, the Trump administration is young, and so there’s plenty of time for other “progressives” to join Brooks’ extremity.  Meanwhile, the rest of us can watch these antics with a combination of bewilderment and bemusement.  The only thing we should always bear in mind is that the MSM’s real target is Trump.",0
7746,Finding the Doorway Out of the Matrix,". Finding the Doorway Out of the Matrix I am a bigger picture person. I have studied the light and the dark sides on this reality and of mys... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/finding-doorway-out-of-matrix.html I am a bigger picture person. I have studied the light and the dark sides on this reality and of myself intensively, and I have found that there is one thing that will make my doorway or exit from this reality appear. This thing that I speak of has been forgotten m=by many playing the game of the intense polarities.The main focus of my website is to share my personal experience and insights on the true nature of our reality and who we really are.In summary, it is my observation that the reality that we see, taste, touch, feel, and see is a holographic matrix created in order to experience a third dimensional physical reality.Within this reality that we are experiencing is an extreme polarity of dark and light. The reason for the extreme polarity is that Earth is shifting out of this vibrational frequency into a higher vibrational frequency, and in order for humanity to follow suit, they need to “wake up”. Waking up involves questioning everything in your reality and awareness. Extreme circumstances push people toward change and out of stagnation. Who are you and why are you here? Waking up also involves knowing who you are and how you got here. It is very similar to waking from a dream. When you know who you are and when you realize that you are not your body and that you never die, a freedom washes over you that allows you to have an inner peace while our reality collapses. This brings us closer to the understanding and remembrance of what we need to do to find the doorway out. You are here on Earth at this time so that you can wake up and exit the matrix that you have been a part of for eons of “time”, as Earth serves as a portal out of the third dimension and extreme polarity. You had to come here first in order to return home. There are even some some souls that left their peaceful worlds to come here to help those that have been stuck a very long time find the door when it is available. The key to exiting the matrix I have served the darkness (mostly from ignorance or trickery) and I have also served the light in many lifetimes. I have been the extreme pendulum, swinging back and forth in order to rectify karma and to expand my soul’s experience. The one thing that I am striving for in this lifetime that will allow me to exit this reality is BALANCE.True balance is achieved when you can see all viewpoints from a higher perspective. You understand the dark’s necessity for energy vampirism and you also understand the light’s need to serve, protect, and fight for freedom. You realize that even the light team can easily become unbalanced, and being an extreme “lightworker” simply attracts the dark like moths to a flame because that is how balance works. For every action their is an equal and opposite reaction.When you realize that ultimately you are only fighting yourself and that by being extreme in anything you are going to attract the opposite polarity, then you can step back and try to figure out how you can stop that fight. It doesn’t mean that you lie down and let the dark take over. It also doesn’t mean that you stand in the power of light will ultimately win the battle for earth and humanity. It means that you pull the dark and light aspects within you, accepting that you played this game to experience everything it had to offer. Zero point Balance brings forth the zero point energy that opens the portal for exiting this reality. Some call it ascension and some call it incension. This portal exists within you and is activated through connecting the heart chakra with the endocrine system. Earth is also receiving frequencies aligned with activating or re-arranging our latent DNA. Only you can activate your portal by accepting and flowing with these frequencies. Once it is activated, you can never be influenced by extreme polarity again and you begin to attract a new reality which is harmonized and balanced. You simply move toward a frequency that resonates with your own frequency.When you begin unlocking the portal, you begin to become the observer of what is unfolding in this reality. You are “in this reality but not of it”. You notice that you are the creator of your reality based on contracts and agreements made before incarnating, but you also see how you can change your reality by making conscious decisions in the now moment that change the past as well as the future. Zero point is the removal of the veil of forgetfulness and the alignment of the wheels of time so that you may see the exit and move toward it. You are an aspect of Source Source created dark and light both. Source created the beings that took over the organic template of Earth and the organic template of the human body that allows experience of the organic Earth. If it was a forbidden thing to do, Earth’s consciousness would not have allowed it in the first place. If it was such a horrible thing, we would never had incarnated into it. We made ourselves a bet before we came here: would we awaken to who we are and realize that we are all of it? Would we learn how to stop the extremity within ourselves into a harmonious balance which sings a new vibration? Escape 'Their' TRAP and Set Your Soul FREE Masculine and feminine imbalance Balance is also missing between the masculine and feminine. Ever since the androgynous human was split into a male and a female for reproductive purposes, there has been a battle for domination and control of the sexes. In Orion, the female queen rules, and on Earth the patriarchal has ruled while the feminine has been suppressed. We have to be careful when we bring the feminine back to Earth that it is not to rule or to dominate males. Currently there are a number of dominating, controlling female programs running that overcompensate for male domination. Since the outer reality is a reflection of within, balancing the male and female aspects of us individually will help to balance it in our reality. This means women can let go of the media programming of oversexuality, high heels, and and starvation and men can learn to feel their emotions rather than playing the tough guy. Chaos brings change and transcendence As Standing Rock unfolds , as the U.S. election comes near , and as your life circumstances seem to morph and change now faster than ever, you realize that the waking life is just a dream or matrix that you wanted to experience. The real you is your oversoul that exists outside of the matrix. This realization brings calm and balance into your life and allows you to observe rather than react and interact with the battle. With this knowledge, you keep your energy for yourself rather than giving it away within the matrix . This energy will then propel you where you need to go when the doorway opens. Don’t get caught up in the distraction of “look over here”. Instead, focus on looking within and moving further away from the illusion.As you continue to observe, your float higher and higher away from the battle into a place of peace and knowing that allows you to continue to reach a higher understanding of what has happened, what is currently happening (and why) and what your future holds. I feel that my future holds a place where extreme polarity no longer exists because it is no longer needed. It will have been a tool for propelling me out of the matrix as I merge with all that I am and all of the lifetimes that my oversoul has had. There is a whole new game waiting for us, and zero point through balance is the stargate that will open the door to a whole new reality. By Michelle Walling Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
7747,The Establishment’s War On Truth,"Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Anthony Wiener , Clinton Foundation , neocons admin 
The propaganda machine in place that pervades the western hemiphere military and economic bloc was developed by Edward Bernays. Bernays was Sigmund Freud’s nephew. His propaganda theories were adopted by the Third Reich, U.S. Corporations, the U.S. military and Deep State and the media. The article below will help explain the current domestic political chaos in this country as well as the re-emergence of the Cold War between the U.S. neocon warmonger and Russia. 
Inside the Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump Bernays’ influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it”. He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government” . Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged . 
Read the rest of this analysis here: LINK Share this:",0
7749,Here’s What Happened When a Hillary Supporting MIT Professor Decided to Analyze Her Emails…,"A few days ago, Cesar A. Hidalgo published a very important article titled, What I Learned From Visualizing Hillary Clinton’s Emails . 
So who is Cesar Hidalgo? 
César A. Hidalgo is associate professor of media arts and sciences at the MIT Media Lab and the author of Why Information Grows: The evolution of order from atoms to economies . He has also lead the creation of data visualization sites that have received more than 100 million views, including datausa.io, dataviva.info, atlas.media.mit.edu, immersion.media.mit.edu, pantheon.media.mit.edu, streetscore.media.mit.edu, and others (see chidalgo.com for more details). 
At this point, I’m sure you’re wondering why I’m highlighting this guy’s post two days before the Presidential election. It’s for two reasons. First, the piece offers a very good representation of the sort of peer pressure that can come down upon an academic for being seen as having the “wrong” political opinion. Second, and perhaps most important, his email visualization tool taught him that the current state of our government in these United States simply can’t achieve the best outcomes for the public at current scale (size, geographic/cultural diversity, etc). 
With all that out of the way, I’m going to highlight what I found to be the most powerful part of his piece. 
Enjoy: So what did we learn by making this dataset accessible? We learned a few things about what Clinton’s emails said, about how the media works, and about how people interpreted the project. We made clinton.media.mit.edu publicly available last Friday night (October 28, 2016). We launched with a single story , written by Alejandra Vargas from Univision. My intuition was that the story was likely to get picked up by other news sources. After all, the tool facilitated people’s ability to read and understand the content of these emails, and the connections of the people involved in them. But I was wrong—it has been nearly a week since we released the project and no other major news source has picked up the story, despite having been viewed by more than 300,000 people in less than a week. So how did we get so much traffic without any news coverage? The answer is social media. So far, the tool has been shared widely on Twitter, Facebook, and for a brief but intense time, on Reddit. Its spread has been fueled by different motives, and also, has been battled in different ways. Many reporters shared the news on their personal accounts understanding that the tool represents a different form of data reporting, or data journalism: one where people are provided with a tool that facilitates their ability to explore a relevant dataset, instead of being provided with a story summarizing a reporter’s description of that dataset. Another group of people that shared the news were interface designers, who understand that there is a need to improve the tabular interface of present day email clients, and that the inbox we presented in this project was an attractive new alternative. But many people also shared our site claiming that this was evidence of Clinton’s corruption, and that the site supported Trump. More on that later. But the spread of the site was not without its detractors. A few hours after we released the site I received a message from a friend telling me that what I had done was “a huge mistake” and that I should have waited to post this until “later in the year.” A few days later, outside my lab, a member of a neighboring research group called me a “Trump supporter” and told me that I should have only made that site available if it also included Trump’s emails. I told him that I would be happy to include them, but I had no access to the data. In haste, this colleague began emailing me news articles, none of which provided access to the alleged public dataset of Trump emails. Later, a friend of one of my students posted the news on Reddit, where it went viral. And I mean really viral. It became the top story of the Internetisbeautiful subreddit, and made it to Reddit’s front page. It collected more than 3,000 upvotes and 700 comments. But as the story peaked, a moderator single-handedly removed it in an authoritarian move, and justified this unilateral silencing of the post by adding a rule banning “sites that serve a political agenda or that otherwise induce drama.” Of course, the rule was added AFTER the post was removed. Reddit appears to be rampant with censorship these days. So when it comes to media, social or not, I learned that providing information directly to people so that they can inspect it and evaluate it, is a value that many people consider second to supporting their preferred electoral choice. The twist is that I don’t support Trump. In fact, I don’t support him at all. I think he is potentially a threat to global security, and also, a candidate that has shown repeatedly to be a dividing rather than unifying force. He has failed to respect contracts numerous times, defrauding contractors; and he certainly has shown little respect for people’s development by creating a fraudulent university. So I think he is ill prepared for most jobs, including a difficult one like that of being president. I support Clinton in this election, and even though I don’t get to vote (As a green card holder I just pay taxes), I want her to win next Tuesday. I really do. But I understand that this is my own personal choice, a choice that I want to make sure is informed by my ability to evaluate information about the candidates directly, and by a media that is more transparent than the one we now have. Trust me, if I had Trump’s tax records, I would also think it is a good idea to make a tool that makes them more easily digestible. But my reason to make that tool, once again, would not come from my support for Clinton, or my opposition to Trump. It would come from my support for a society where people have direct access to relevant sources of information through well-designed data visualization tools. Now here’s where we get into very important lessons about the future. So what did I learn about Clinton’s emails? One of the advantages of helping design a data visualization tool is that you get an intimate understanding of the data you are visualizing. After all, you have to explore the data and use the tool to make dozens of design decisions. In this case, the development cycle was particularly fast, but nevertheless I got to learn a few things about the data. Of course, the whole point of making this tool is that you can use it to come up with your own interpretation of the data. That said, you might be curious about mine, so I’ll share it with you too. What I saw on Clinton’s emails was not surprising to me. It involved a relatively small group of people talking about what language to use when communicating with other people. Also, it involved many unresponded-to emails. Many conversations revolved around what words to use or avoid, and what topics to focus on, or how to avoid some topics, when speaking in public or in meetings. This is not surprising to me because I’ve met many politicians in my life, including a few presidents and dozens of ministers and governors, so I know that what work means to many people in this line of work, on a daily basis, is strategizing what to say and being careful about how to say it. I am sure that if we had access to Trump’s emails we would see plenty of the same behavior. So what I got from reading some of Clinton’s email is another piece of evidence confirming my intuition that political systems scale poorly. The most influential actors on them are spending a substantial fraction of their mental capacity thinking about how to communicate, and do not have the bandwidth needed to deal with many incoming messages (the unresponded-to emails). This is not surprising considering the large number of people they interact with (although this dataset is rather small. I send 8k emails a year and receive 30k. In this dataset Clinton is sending only 2K emails a year). Our modern political world is one where a few need to interact with many, so they have no time for deep relationships — they physically cannot. So what we are left is with a world of first impressions and public opinion, where the choice of words matters enormously, and becomes central to the job. Yet, the chronic lack of time that comes from having a system where few people govern many, and that leads people to strategize every word, is not Clinton’s fault. It is just a bug that affects all modern political systems, which are ancient Greek democracies that were not designed to deal with hundreds of millions of people. On another note, this exercise also helped me reaffirm my belief that the best way to learn about the media is not by reading the news, but by being news. I’ve had the fortune, and misfortune, to have been news many times. This time, I honestly thought that we had a piece of content that some media channels would be interested in and that it would get picked up easily. I have many reporter friends who are enthusiastic about new forms of data journalism, and that actually have been positive and encouraging this week. So I imagined that there was a good chance that a reporter would see the site, go to his or her editor, and say: “Hey, I have an interactive data visualization of all Clinton’s emails. Can I write a story on it?” and the editor would say: “Of course, make it quick.” I don’t know if these conversations actually happened, but given the large volume of traffic our project received I would be surprised if they didn’t. I learned that the outcome was not the one I intuited. And this brings me to my final point, which is that while I support Clinton in this election, and I think Trump is a bad choice for president (a really bad one), I still think that we should work on the creation of tools that improve the ability of people to personalize scrutinize politically relevant information. I now understand that much of the U.S. media may not share that view with me, and that I think this is an important point of reflection. I hope the media takes some time to think about this on November 9 (or the week after). Also, the large number of people who were unable to interpret our tool as anything but an effort to support or oppose a political candidate — and that was true for both liberals and conservatives — speaks to me about an ineffective public sphere. And that’s something I think we should all be concerned about. This polarization is not just a cliché. It is a crippling societal condition that is expressed in the inability of people to see any merit, or any point, in opposing views. That’s a dangerous, and chronic, institutional disease that is expressed also in the inability of people to criticize their own candidates, because they fear being confused with someone their peers will interpret as a supporter of the opposing candidate. If you cannot see any merit in the candidate you oppose, even in one or two of the many points that have been made, you may have it. So that’s how this election has muddled the gears of democracy. When we cannot learn from those we oppose, or agree when they have a valid point, our learning stops. We keep on talking past each other. I know that this election has made learning from those we oppose particularly difficult, but the difficult tests are the ones that truly show us what we are really made of. These are the situations that push us to see past all of the things that we don’t like, or don’t agree on, so we can rescue a lesson. You may not agree with me, but I hope at least I gave you something to think about. While his points about media censorship and peer pressure are self-explanatory, I want to take a quick moment to discuss his most meaningful insight, which is the idea that “ political systems scale poorly.” This is hugely important, because as the current status quo system collapses, many of us in the Western world will be presented with an incredible opportunity to do things completely different. Unfortunately, none of the candidates in the 2016 election (including Sanders and Trump) have been promoting the idea of political decentralization, which is the direction I think we need to move toward. In voting for Brexit, that’s exactly what the British people professed a preference for, and it’s what we need here in America. In some important ways, I think we should look back toward the original concept of government as understood by our founders. A loose-knit collection of largely self-governing states that are bonded together in certain important ways, yet independent and sovereign in all other ways. Indeed, I think we can break things up even further than that, but let’s start there for the time being. If we want to stick with representative democracy, I think for it to work best, it needs to be very local. I think the future of mankind depends on us getting our political systems right, and I think governance has to be shifted to the local level as much as possible. This all reminds me of Aldous Huxley’s extremely prescient warning in his 1958 book Brave New World revised (see my review of it), in which he wrote: 
Or take the right to vote. In principle, it is a great privilege. In practice, as recent history has repeatedly shown, the right to vote, by itself, is no guarantee of liberty. Therefore, if you wish to avoid dictatorship by referendum, break up modern society’s merely functional collectives into self-governing, voluntarily co-operating groups, capable of functioning outside the bureaucratic systems of Big Business and Big Government. Bottom line: We need to decentralize everything, especially government. In Liberty,",0
7750,Court Leader or Leading Dissenter? Chief Justice’s Fate Tied to Election - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. ’s 11 years on the Supreme Court, his unfolding legacy has been marked by a debate over whether his very occasional liberal votes in major cases were the acts of a statesman devoted to his institution, a traitor to his principles or the legal umpire he said he aspired to be at his confirmation hearings. This election could settle that debate. If Donald J. Trump becomes president and follows through on his vow to appoint a conservative to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, Chief Justice Roberts will continue to lead a court dominated by five conservative justices. But the absence of Justice Scalia, the court’s longest serving and in some ways most dominant member when he died in February, means Chief Justice Roberts could lead in a more assertive way. Were a liberal to replace Justice Scalia  —   whether it was President Obama’s pick, Judge Merrick B. Garland, or someone named by Hillary Clinton should she win the presidency  —   a majority of the justices would be Democratic appointees for the first time in almost 50 years. That would open a new chapter at the court, and leave Chief Justice Roberts, a Republican appointee with a generally conservative voting record, in the minority in many closely divided cases. And it could force him to choose between becoming a marginal figure or concluding that a new era on his court requires a new kind of leadership  —   and a move to the left. “It’s been a long time since there was a chief justice who was in dissent across a wide range of important issues,” said Pamela S. Karlan, a law professor at Stanford. As a practical matter, a chief justice in perpetual dissent would give up a crucial tool: assignment power. When the chief justice is in the majority, he gets to choose who will write the majority opinion. Much can turn on that choice. The alternative is to find ways to vote more often with the majority, and that could mean tilting toward a liberal outcome. Recent history provides an analogy. Chief Justice Roberts served as a law clerk to Justice William H. Rehnquist in 1980 and 1981, and he saw a shift in his old boss’s voting patterns after President Ronald Reagan elevated him to chief justice in 1986. “Chief Justice Rehnquist, when he was an associate justice, was often on the losing end of   votes,” said David Strauss, a law professor at the University of Chicago. “When he became chief, he moved conspicuously to the center. ” Lee Epstein, a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis, said the data supported that view. Before his elevation, Justice Rehnquist dissented 21 percent of the time. Once he became chief justice, the rate dropped to 16 percent. The difference is statistically significant. “Perhaps in an effort to keep control of opinion assignment, Rehnquist dissented less frequently and, as a result, moved to the left,” Professor Epstein said. Chief Justice Roberts has used his power vigorously and strategically. He has kept major opinions for himself, partly to shape and hone them and partly because it seems fitting for the chief justice to speak for the court in big cases. He has assigned other important majority opinions to trusted allies, notably Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. If the chief justice is in the minority, the assignment power shifts to the senior justice in the majority, meaning the one with the longest tenure. That role would fall to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on a court with five Democratic appointees in cases where justices split along ideological lines. “We may have, de facto, the first female chief justice,” said Akhil Reed Amar, a law professor at Yale. In an interview in July, Justice Ginsburg seemed eager to take on a larger role should Judge Garland or another Democratic appointee join the court. “It means that I’ll be among five more often than among four,” she said. That notion cannot cheer Chief Justice Roberts, Professor Karlan said. “On a court with five liberals, the chief justice faces the prospect of assigning cases involving the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Bankruptcy Act,” she said, “while Justice Ginsburg assigns the cases that make the front page of The Times. ” Professor Strauss said Chief Justice Roberts would not tolerate that sort of irrelevance. “I don’t think this chief justice will accept being in a permanent minority on the court,” he said. With two notable exceptions, Chief Justice Roberts’s voting record in major cases has been generally conservative since he joined the court in 2005, succeeding his old boss. He was in the   conservative majorities that decided District of Columbia v. Heller, which established an individual right to own guns Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, which amplified the role of money in politics and Shelby County v. Holder, which gutted the core of the Voting Rights Act. And he dissented when a narrowly divided court’s rulings meant liberal victories on gay rights, abortion rights and affirmative action. Chief Justice Roberts has been the subject of withering criticism from the right for twice voting to sustain Mr. Obama’s health care law. But those votes were exceptions, especially for major cases. In    cases, Chief Justice Roberts voted in a conservative direction 85 percent of the time, a rate higher than that of any other member of the court, according to a study last year in The Journal of Legal Studies and to related data. The study was prepared by Professor Epstein William M. Landes, a law professor and economist at the University of Chicago and Judge Richard A. Posner of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago. “He is a reliable conservative in the most closely contested cases but moderate when his vote cannot change the outcome,” the authors wrote. “This is consistent with a chief justice’s interest in being on the winning side in most cases otherwise it looks as if he cannot control his court. ” That pattern would most likely continue were a President Trump to name the next Supreme Court justice. Mr. Trump has released a list of potential nominees, all reliable conservatives, and none of them would shift the essential balance of power on the court. In any event, Chief Justice Roberts is unlikely to compromise on his core commitments, said Erwin Chemerinsky, the dean of the law school at the University of California, Irvine. “There are some areas where Roberts holds very conservative views, such as marriage equality, abortion and affirmative action, and he will be in dissent if Justice Scalia is replaced by a Democratic president,” Professor Chemerinsky said. In other areas, he added, “I think Roberts will do all he can to steer the court into narrow rulings whenever possible. ” Much will depend on the docket. The run of blockbusters that marked the Roberts court’s first 11 terms is unlikely to be matched anytime soon. “We shouldn’t assume that the cases of the next decade or two will precipitate the same ideological division as today’s cases,” Professor Strauss said. He added that the court could soon face hard questions on national security and police conduct. “Issues like that could scramble the lineups we’re accustomed to,” he said, “and that would make it easier for the chief justice to maintain a leadership role. ” More vacancies are likely, too: Justice Stephen G. Breyer is 78, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy is 80 and Justice Ginsburg is 83. That means the next president could not only shift, but also cement, the direction of the court for a generation. It also means that there is a fair prospect that Justice Sonia Sotomayor, 62, will soon be the senior member of a   liberal bloc. Chief Justice Roberts is just 61, and he is likely to preside over many iterations of the Roberts court. If a Democratic president chooses not only Justice Scalia’s successor but also several others, he may face dispiriting choices. “He’s a young man,” Professor Amar said about the chief justice, “so for the foreseeable future it might very well be that his vision will be in eclipse rather than ascent. ”",0
7751,Our New Country: Women And Minorities Hit Hardest,"Our New Country: Women And Minorities Hit Hardest The rape culture the media won't cover. October 27, 2016 Ann Coulter Every ethnic group except whites bloc-votes for the Democrats. Coincidentally, the Democrats have brought in another 30 to 40 million nonwhite immigrants in the last few decades. It doesn't help that white voters can't agree on what constitutes an acceptable candidate. In 2012, working-class whites sat out the election, rather than vote for the out-of-touch rich guy they saw in Mitt Romney. This year, the out-of-touch rich guys say they'll vote for Hillary because Trump is tacky and gross. The sad irony is that the only people who will be better off in our new country are mostly white plutocrats -- the top .01 percent. The rest of us will be their servants. The people who will be worse off are everybody else -- the working class, the middle class (who will soon be working class) and, most of all, women, minorities, children, the elderly, the weakest and most vulnerable members of society. Look to Mexico for your future -- or any Third World country. Or to Univision's Jorge Ramos. The ruling class in Mexico is composed of European-looking, white descendants of Spanish conquistadors who raped the native population, giving them only their Spanish names in return. (British settlers in America brought women with them.) Explaining Latino culture's acceptance of incest and child rape, criminal justice researcher Shana Maier writes in a book about rape that ""the male is the head of the household, and women are subordinate to men. ... Hispanics and Latinos are more likely than other racial/ethnic groups to blame the victim. The victim, not the perpetrator, is blamed for bringing dishonor to the family.” One American detective said that, today, police are being taught to keep an ""open mind"" about child rape because ""it's a cultural thing.” When it comes to multiculturalism, you can't say, We love the empanadas -- but we don't want 40-year-old men raping their nieces. This isn't an a la carte menu. We get ALL the attributes of the cultures we're importing. As described in excruciating detail in Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole , our media already have a totally ""open mind"" about incest and child rape -- and murder! -- when it's committed by immigrants. Thus, for example, where I would have chosen the headline: ""Illegal Alien Convicted of Incest, Child Rape,"" The Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times Free Press went with the less catchy: ""Man guilty in case of human smuggling.” And where I would have used the headline, ""Illegal Alien Repeatedly Raped 14-year-old Girl at Job Site,"" The Commercial Dispatch in Columbus, Mississippi, went with the more subtle, ""Columbus resident charged with molestation.” Immigrant women arrive in America, thrilled to have escaped cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable, only to discover that those crimes are perfectly acceptable in this country, too -- provided the perpetrator is from the very culture they fled. In 1989, Brooklyn judge Edward Pincus sentenced a Chinese immigrant to probation for a premeditated murder of his wife, on the grounds that the murder flowed from ""traditional Chinese values about adultery and loss of manhood."" The female head of the Asian-American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Margaret Fung, applauded the ruling. Somewhat amazingly, newspapers are more likely to report black crime than immigrant crime. (Anything to keep the Third World immigration flowing!) In 2013, a 13-year-old girl was gang-raped by about a dozen illegal aliens, who cheered and videoed the attack. When the news first broke, Shaneequa Jupiter, who lived with her children in the apartment building where the gang rape occurred, complained that neither the police nor apartment security had warned residents about the danger. (That could reflect poorly on illegal immigrants!) Even if Shaneequa had scoured the headlines, she would have been on the lookout for ""Austin men."" Or ""Two.” Compare these headlines about the same brutal sexual attack: -- ""Two held in attack on child"" -- Austin American-Statesman (Texas), July 19, 2013 -- ""Two Mexicans placed on immigration detainers as third man is arrested over five-day gang rape hell of teenage runaway during which she smoked crack"" -- Daily Mail Online (UK), July 24, 2013 Needless to say, The New York Times did not cover the Mexican illegal alien gang rape at all. By contrast, the Times, and every major American news outlet, extensively covered another gang rape -- of a girl about the same age, at about the same time, in about the same place. The second case only was ""rape"" because of the girl's young age -- she was 11. But she was an enthusiastic participant, sneaking out of her house at night to meet the men for sex. Those rapes, just a few years earlier, got a full-court press. The defendants were African-American. The victim was Mexican. That time, there were articles in the Huffington Post, GQ, Slate, Salon and Mother Jones. It even made The New York Times, despite no connection to a college fraternity or lacrosse team. Similarly, within a few months of one another in 2013, two men were arrested in separate child rape cases in Decatur, Alabama, for assaults on 9-year-old girls. One suspect was African-American, the other was a Hispanic immigrant. Only one made the newspaper. Guess which one? When excitable Muslims raped American reporter Lara Logan in Tahrir Square (another one of Hillary's foreign policy successes!), journalists immediately set to work to find the shortest line from the Muslim rapists to white American men. Conclusion: The real problem was the female reporters' American bosses and colleagues. (Definitely not Islam!) Sampling of New York Times commentary on Logan's rape: -- ""Why We Need Women in War Zones"" (""I would never tell my bosses for fear that they might keep me at home the next time something major happened. ... This attack also had nothing to do with Islam.”) -- ""Reporting While Female"" (""Women reporters face another set of challenges. We are often harassed in ways that male colleagues are not. ... In my experience, Muslim countries were not the worst places for sexual harassment.”) Perhaps American men could do better, but, as American women may soon discover: They never had it so good. Manifestly, the purpose of our immigration policies is not to help Americans -- or the immigrants who wanted to live in a place like America. They are designed to funnel welfare-dependent voters to the Democrats and cheap labor to the rich. (The Chinese immigrant who got probation for murdering his wife, for example, came to America based on his specialized skill of being a dishwasher.) Our country will be Zimbabwe, but -- if all goes according to the Democrats' plan -- they'll get to be Mugabe! That's Hillary's dream. If she wins, Joe Sobran's parody of the typical New York Times headline (about anything) will come true: ""Women and Minorities Hit Hardest.”",0
7752,On Being Aloof and Democratic,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / On Being Aloof and Democratic Essential Reading They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old ‘They Live’. View the cult classic here The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with Bloody Bill Clinton – American Caligula By wmw_admin on September 1, 2006 
The real legacy of Clinton’s term of office: the chilling body count of those connected with him, who died in unusual or suspicious circumstances Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. Greg Palast is Related to Mossad Chief David Kimche By Christopher Bollyn on October 23, 2013 
Greg Palast may well be a Mossad disinfo agent. Christopher Bollyn provides the hard documentary evidence to prove it runs in his family The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part II By wmw_admin on October 27, 2006 
Written nearly twenty years ago, Jack Bernstein’s words now have a prophetic ring which he paid for with his life Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the “War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered. 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel’s Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, ‘This is very good for Israel”, he wasn’t just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard",0
7753,Israeli reporters and spies sneaking into Iraq,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 18:01 UTC Reports from Western Iraq said Israeli spies and reporters have used forged passports to enter the country after the start of the Mosul Liberation Operation. Israel is not recognized by Iraq, similar to many other Muslim states, and its citizens are not allowed into Iraq. But two major Israeli networks have sent their crews to the battlefield near Mosul and are releasing daily reports from the war. The Israeli coverage from Western Iraq caused concerns among the Arab, specially Iraqi media, and several reporters have approached the two teams to verify how they have entered the country. Hedas Haroush, an Al-Masdar reporter, said that ""the Israelis have used forged European passports to get into Iraq. Ever since the war started numerous reports have surfaced the media claiming that Israeli and Saudi intelligence officers have been sighted among the ISIL terrorists, mostly to help the terrorist cult organize its structure and plan its war strategy. In the first such case, Iraqi army sources in Mosul testified that tens of Israeli officers were among the first group of foreign nationals that deployed in Mosul only a month after the city fell to ISIL in 2014.",0
7754,Amy Schumer Netflix Special Flooded with One-Star Reviews,"Amy Schumer’s latest   comedy special for Netflix, The Leather Special, has been inundated with   negative reviews on the streaming service, with viewers of the program calling it “awful,” “unfunny,” and “unwatchable. ”[The   special, which debuted on the streaming service on March 7, currently boasts an average rating of one star out of five.  “This past year, I’ve gotten very rich, famous, and humble,” Schumer says at the beginning of her unapologetically raunchy routine. She riffs about such subjects as how she came to grips with realizing her own beauty despite being called “very fat” by Hollywood honchos, and how “gun nuts” constantly fight against stricter firearms laws. A week after its release, however, The Leather Special is a critical flop. As The Federalist noted, of the   member reviews of the special currently posted on Netflix. com, more than 700 users gave it just one star. Some have even given the special zero stars. “Absolutely horrible. Amy is 1 special away from being broke and homeless. Female comics are the best! Amy is not,” one Netflix user wrote. “I’ve had migraines that were way funnier than this   performance. Very poor show,” another wrote. Schumer’s comedy special isn’t faring much better on The Internet Movie Database (IMDB). There, The Leather Special is currently holding a 5. 5 out of 10 rating. “I enjoyed her shows before, but Schumer was neither funny nor insightful in this special,” one IMDB user wrote.  “A huge swing and a miss. With the exception of the gun riff, she relied on old material focused mainly on her smelly body parts. Maybe that is why none of the big premier pay channels picked up this special. ” “Netflix will have to do better in the future choosing streaming material,” the user added. This was Schumer’s first special since 2015’s Live at the Apollo, which was nominated for two Emmy Awards.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
7755,What do the protesters believe they are protesting? | OffGuardian,"written by Admin 
A victory for freedom, justice and human happiness it isn’t. Those currently frothing at the mouth about the dawn of a new golden age of peace and equality really should know better. A billionaire and friend of billionaires just won an election. 1789 it isn’t. 
But Clinton would have blown up the world. Trump probably won’t. Which makes the current situation a very tiny, possibly temporary, but still vanishingly rare moment of sanity in a largely insane world. For that small reason alone sane people everywhere should welcome it for what it is. 
So, what to make of those who don’t? 
Hysteria. Fainting. Screaming. Pseudo-Leftists happy to support Obama’s imperialism and domestic tyranny, beating their chests and seeking counselling for PTSD because democracy happened. “Mass” riots of thousands (or is it only hundreds? Depends on your source) of outraged identity-politicians. 
What do these protesters think they are protesting? 
Fascism? Well, ok, but where were they during the past sixteen years during which America has been dragged by inches into becoming the proto-facist state it now is? Besides what is more fascist-populist that using riot and civil unrest to overturn a democratic vote? 
Racism? Sexism? Climate-denial? Which of these offenses is worse than nuclear war? And where is it written in the US constitution that they justify the reversal of an election? 
And what about those alt news types supporting the “protesters”? Do they agree with Change.org that the vote should be overturned by the electoral college and Clinton given the presidency because she has a vagina and her chums can mobilise mass-hysteria? Are they basically saying they were for Hillary all along, because the Pentagon and Wall Street and WW3 are the lesser of two evils? 
If that’s not what they are saying, then what? Protest needs an aim, so what is the aim here? More Obama? Martial Law? Total societal disintegration? 
All better than Trump? 
Would be great to get some feedback here. Rate this: ",0
7756,Oscars ’In Memoriam’ Segment Pays Tribute to Living Producer,"The 89th Academy Awards may well be remembered for its epic Best Picture gaffe ending  —   but that wasn’t the only mistake made on the broadcast. [During the annual In Memoriam segment Sunday night, a tribute to costume designer and   nominee Janet Patterson was botched when the Academy mistakenly used a photo of   Australian producer Jan Chapman.  The error was noticed quickly by dismayed Australian film industry veterans. “Oh dear. The #Oscars put up what I think is a photo of Jan Chapman, instead of Janet Patterson, for the In Memoriam segment,” film reviewer Rhett Bartlett wrote on Twitter. Oh dear.  The #Oscars put up what I think is a photo of Jan Chapman, instead of Janet Patterson, for the In Memoriam segment. pic. twitter.   —   Rhett Bartlett (@dialmformovies) February 27, 2017,  Others noted that Patterson is still “very much alive. ” Pic of my pal Jan   very much alive  —   was just featured in In Memoriam. #Oscars,  —   Virginia M Moncrieff (@VMMoncrieff) February 27, 2017,  hey @TheAcademy you need to pull this and replace with a photo of Janet Patterson, not very much alive Jan Chapman https:  .   —   palace films (@palacefilms) February 27, 2017,  As it turns out, both Patterson and Chapman were very close friends and longtime collaborators, according to the Hollywood Reporter. But the photo gaffe wasn’t the only issue with the traditional segment. According to the Daily Mail, the segment left out actress Alexis Arquette, comedian Garry Shandling, producer Dan Ireland, actress Doris Roberts and actor Robert Vaughn. The in memoriam gaffe came before the chaotic and disastrous end to Sunday’s ceremony that saw Moonlight win the prestigious best picture award  —   but only after La La Land was mistakenly handed the statuette. For more from the Oscars, including the full list of winners, check out Breitbart News’s livewire.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
7757,DNI James Clapper — No war over Syria if Hillary Clinton is elected,"October 30, 2016 4056 The intense anti-Russian campaign in the West is a sign of weakness rather than strength. The Russian air defence system in Syria has closed down the US's military options. Hillary Clinton knows it and her policies in Syria if she is elected President will be simply a continuation of Obama's. Share on Facebook October 2016 will one day be recognised as one of those months – like October 1962 and October 1973 – when the world passed through a period of great danger. The cause of the danger was the collapse in September of the Kerry-Lavrov agreement and the resulting stand-off this October between the US and Russia in Syria. This culminated in high level discussions within the US government about possible attacks on Syrian army bases , followed by public threats from Russia to shoot down US aircraft if such attacks took place. As The Duran reported – but as the Western media has conspicuously failed to do – following these threats from Russia, the US backed down . These events have been barely reported in the West. Instead what we have witnessed is a deafening cacophony of abuse of Russia for its actions in Syria, with the country baselessly accused of war crimes , and with things written and said about its political leadership which go far beyond what was written and said even during the height of the Ukrainian crisis in 2014. At one level this abuse is an attempt to embarrass the Russians to call off the Syrian army’s offensive on the Jihadi held districts of eastern Aleppo. However it undoubtedly also reflects the huge anger and sense of humiliation in Washington and in certain other Western capitals caused by the US climbdown earlier in the month. The intensity of the media campaign against Russia is however creating something of a climate of fear, with most people unaware that the most dangerous moment of the crisis has in fact already passed. Much of this fear is centred on the personality of Hillary Clinton, now widely expected to be the next US President. Based on her record and her statements, she is widely supposed to be a hardline foreign policy hawk who has never seen a war she didn’t like or want to join, and who is widely expected to escalate dramatically the confrontation with Russia in Syria and elsewhere. Many also point to Hillary Clinton’s known previous support for a no fly zone in Syria, and her comments on the campaign trail, which many see as suggesting that she plans one still. Is all this however true? Is the greatest moment of confrontation between the US and Russia in Syria still to come? Will things really get far more dangerous if Hillary Clinton becomes President? Are we really looking at World War III? In my opinion these fears are wrong. The great confrontation has already taken place, and it took place this October. A direct clash between the US and the Russian militaries in Syria was avoided, and there is now no possibility that it will happen. What this means is that there is now no possibility of Hillary Clinton imposing a no fly zone on Syria or of her ordering an armed confrontation with the Russians there. Nor is there any chance of Barack Obama doing so in the few months left to him. Nor is there any chance of either Obama or Hillary supporting Boris Johnson’s hare-brained idea for a no bombing zone in Syria, or of either of Obama or Hillary Clinton ordering US attacks on Syrian military bases. The reason none of these things will happen is because the US’s uniformed military opposes all of them. In the face of the US military’s opposition none of them can happen. The reason the US military opposes these schemes is because they would all require the US military to take on the very extensive and very sophisticated air defence system the Russians have set up in Syria. The US military has made it absolutely clear that it is completely opposed to doing this. In the days immediately following the US climbdown brave reports appeared in parts of the media which claimed the US military is confident of its ability to take on and defeat the Russian air defence system. It did not however take long for a report to appear in The Washington Post – obviously sourced from the US military – which made it clear that this is not the case. The Washington Post article, in addition to giving a comprehensive picture of the scale of the Russian air defence system in Syria, contains a frank admission that the US military is far from confident of its ability to defeat it “While there is some disagreement among military experts as to the capability of the Russian systems, particularly the newly deployed S-300, “the reality is, we’re very concerned anytime those are emplaced,” a U.S. Defense official said. Neither its touted ability to counter U.S. stealth technology, or to target low-flying aircraft, has ever been tested by the United States. “It’s not like we’ve had any shoot at an F-35,” the official said of the next-generation U.S. fighter jet. “We’re not sure if any of our aircraft can defeat the S-300.”” Since this article appeared in The Washington Post information has trickled out showing just how formidable the Russian defence system in Syria actually is. Whatever the precise purpose of the Russian military’s complaint about the alleged Belgian air raid on Hasajek , it does at least show that the Russians can now track US and NATO aircraft as they take off from their bases in Jordan, and almost certainly from Incirlik air base in Turkey as well. The Israeli newspaper Haaretz has also admitted that the Russian air defence system is restricting the operations of the Israeli force, with the US based internet journal Al-Monitor reporting – based obviously on information provided by Israeli sources – that “The S-300 and S-400 missile systems that Russia put in place cover all of Israel up to the southern Negev. Russian radar will immediately lock on Israeli jets taking off from any base, except for the Uvda air force base near the southern city of Eilat, and their flight patterns will be under constant surveillance . That is how the Russians keep an eye on the Israeli air force’s activities over “hotspots” along the borders between Syria and Lebanon. Should he want to, Putin can simply push a button and turn the lives of Israeli pilots and the commanders who sent them on offensive strikes in Syria into a living hell.” (bold italics added) Meanwhile we know US intelligence is advising the US government that the Russians not only have the capability to shoot down US aircraft, but are not bluffing when they say they will do so. No less a person than Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, speaking to the Council of Foreign Relations on Tuesday 25th October 2016, has said as much “I wouldn’t put it past them ( NB: the Russians – AM ) to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground. The system they have there is very advanced, very capable and I don’t think they’d do it – deploy it – if they didn’t have some intention to use it.” The Washington Post article confirms that the US military was always reluctant to impose a no fly zone over Syria because of Syria’s sophisticated air defences. In the face of the vastly more sophisticated air defence system the Russians have created in Syria the option of declaring a no fly zone over Syria or of undertaking any of the other US military options that have been talked about in Syria for all practical purposes no longer exists. In saying this I realise some people continue to imagine terrifying scenarios of the US swamping the Russian air defence system in Syria by launching hundreds of aircraft and missiles against it whilst daring Russia to escalate. In the real world of political and military decision making, it beggars belief the US military would be prepared to do this in view of the heavy casualties and the possibility of uncontrolled escalation it would risk. There is simply no chance of the US military willingly engaging in a military confrontation with the Russians in Syria and risking World War III in order to rescue a gang of Al-Qaeda led Jihadi terrorists in Aleppo and to fulfil some people’s fantasies of regime change there. None of this is going to change if Hillary Clinton is elected President in November. Whilst Hillary Clinton could in theory try to order the US military to take military action and risk confrontation with the Russians in Syria against its wishes, in practical political terms doing this is all but impossible since it would leave her catastrophically exposed in the very likely event that something went badly wrong. In addition Hillary Clinton would almost certainly face a massive groundswell of opposition from Congress and the nation, which would surely dwarf the one that caused Obama to back off his proposed missile strikes against Syria in 2013, if she tried to do such a completely reckless thing. Hillary Clinton, whatever her faults, is far too experienced a politician to take on these well-nigh unbelievable risks. It is not as if Hillary Clinton does not know the huge risks of ordering military action in Syria. Here is what she said about them back in 2013, when she discussed the prospects of imposing a no fly zone in Syria during a private speech to Goldman Sachs “They ( NB: the Syrians – AM ) are getting more sophisticated thanks to Russian imports. To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we’re not putting our pilots at risk—you’re going to kill a lot of Syrians. So all of a sudden this intervention that people talk about so glibly becomes an American and NATO involvement where you take a lot of civilians. In Libya we didn’t have that problem. It’s a huge place. The air defenses were not that sophisticated and there wasn’t very—in fact, there were very few civilian casualties. That wouldn’t be the case. And then you add on to it a lot of the air defenses are not only in civilian population centers but near some of their chemical stockpiles. You do not want a missile hitting a chemical stockpile.” Note that Hillary Clinton said all these things back in 2013, long before the Russians deployed their own vastly more sophisticated air defence system in Syria. If she had doubts about the wisdom of military action in Syria in 2013, then she will have far greater doubts about it now If a President as belligerent and confrontational as George W. Bush was unable to order the US military to attack Iran against its wishes – as he undoubtedly wanted – then there is no possibility Hillary Clinton – who despite her reputation is neither stupid nor a fanatic – can order the US military against its wishes to attack the Russian military in Syria now. What then of Hillary Clinton’s supposed campaign statements about wanting a no fly zone in Syria? When these are read carefully it becomes clear that Hillary Clinton plans no such thing. Here is what she had to say on the subject during her third debate with Donald Trump “First of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I’m well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation, and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe Zones on the ground .” (bold italics added) In other words what Hillary Clinton is really supporting is not a no fly zone across the whole of Syria, but a “safe zone” within Syria the terms of which would be negotiated with the Syrians and the Russians. That is of course exactly what the Turks – with US support – are already busy setting up in north east Syria through their Operation Euphrates Shield. In fact the more carefully Hillary Clinton’s comments are analysed the clearer it becomes that her policies if elected would be essentially the same as those of the current Obama administration. In her private 2013 comments to Goldman Sachs she made it clear that her preferred way of working in Syria was not through direct confrontation with the Syrians but covertly – in other words by arming and aiding the famously elusive “moderate rebels” in Syria in exactly the way the US under Obama has been doing “And there is still an argument that goes on inside the administration and inside our friends at NATO and the Europeans. How do intervene—my view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene . We used to be much better at this than we are now.” (bold italics added) However in her final third debate with Donald Trump she let slip that she is no more keen for Jihadis to get hold of sophisticated weapons (including by implication anti aircraft weapons) than Obama is, even if she tried to hide the fact by making a bizarre point about terrorists being prevented from buying guns across the counter in the US “That’s why I want to have an intelligence surge that protect us here at home while we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online. Why we have to make sure here at home we don’t let terrorists buy weapons. If you’re too dangerous to fly, you’re too dangerous to buy a gun.” This is consistent with what Hillary Clinton said in 2013 to the Jewish United Fund Advance & Major Gifts Dinner, where she admitted that the large scale presence of militant Jihadi groups sponsored by Saudi Arabia and Qatar in Syria has made distinguishing between “moderate rebels” and Jihadi militants – and preventing weapons supplied to “moderate rebels” from falling into the hands of Jihadi militants – all but impossible “Some of us thought, perhaps, we could, with a more robust, covert action trying to vet, identify, train and arm cadres of rebels that would at least have the firepower to be able to protect themselves against both Assad and the Al-Qaeda-related jihadist groups that have, unfortunately, been attracted to Syria. That’s been complicated by the fact that the Saudis and others are shipping large amounts of weapons—and pretty indiscriminately—not at all targeted toward the people that we think would be the more moderate, least likely, to cause problems in the future, but this is another one of those very tough analytical problems.” Overall it is impossible to see any real difference between the policies Hillary Clinton advocates and those Barack Obama is already following in Syria. Like Barack Obama Hillary Clinton does not intend to impose a no fly zone. Like Barack Obama Hillary Clinton is wary of supplying sophisticated weapons to the “moderate rebels” in case they might fall into the hands of Jihadi militants. Hillary Clinton does want to set up a “safe zone” in Syria, which she believes (almost certainly wrongly) will give her “leverage” over the Russians in future negotiations about Syria’s future. However she realises this has to be negotiated with the Russians, and besides it is what Erdogan and Obama are already busy trying to set up in north east Syria through Operation Euphrates Shield, so far with only very partial success. Even Hillary Clinton’s immediately declared objectives are the same as Obama’s . Like Obama her priority is not regime change in Damascus or the capture of Aleppo; it is the capture first of Mosul and then of Raqqah “The goal here is to take back Mosul. It’s going to be a hard fight. I’ve got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqah, which is the ISIS headquarters.” It is no coincidence that shortly after these comments the Obama administration openly discussed plans to capture Raqqah . The similarity of positions on Syria between Obama and Hillary Clinton in fact reveals an important truth about a future Hillary Clinton administration: it would not be a new administration at all, but rather it would be an extension of the present one. This is not surprising. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama worked closely together when Hillary Clinton was Obama’s Secretary of State. Obama obviously wants her to win the election and is pulling out all the stops to help her . it is a certainty she is being consulted about administration policy and has a role in making it, and that issues like the capture of Mosul and Raqqah are discussed with her. Just as Obama is less of a dove than he sometimes likes to pretend, so Hillary Clinton is less of a hawk than she sometimes wants people to think. It is often overlooked that Obama and Hillary Clinton are both lawyers. Both are skilled at using language to give a sometimes misleading impression of what they are about. There is no doubt about the huge anger and of the sense of humiliation in Washington at the climbdown Russia forced on the US this October. There is also no doubt that there are lots of people in the US foreign policy establishment who yearn for a President who will “put Putin in his place” and who will take a more confrontational line with Russia on Syria and elsewhere. These people unfortunately have achieved a lock-grip on the US and Western media, and this enables them to a great degree to shape the public discussion with the result that they have a disproportionate influence on policy. Unfortunately Hillary Clinton has chosen to fight her election campaign by pandering to these people. The result is that she gives the impression of intending a more confrontational policy in Syria than a careful analysis of her words shows she really does. Thus she has fostered the impression that she is looking to impose a no fly zone on Syria when a careful analysis of her words shows she intends no such thing. This is going to create many problems for Hillary Clinton if she does win the election. However that does not change the fact, which Hillary Clinton certainly knows, that following the events of this October a direct military confrontation between the US and the Russians in Syria because of the opposition of the US military quite simply cannot happen. The US is not going to declare a no fly zone over Syria, or ride to the rescue of the Jihadis in Aleppo, or take any other military steps there beyond those it has already taken, whether Hillary Clinton is elected US President in November or not. What we are unfortunately likely to see is a case of more of the same, even though that is a same which has already repeatedly failed. Thus we can expect more attempts to identify and train “moderate” Jihadis and to supply them with more weapons – this time inside the Turkish controlled “safe zone” that is being created for them – and perhaps more efforts to redirect the more radical Jihadis from Iraq to Syria to cause more trouble for the Russians and for the Syrian government. In my opinion these policies – which are simply continuations of the policies the US has been following in Syria ever since the war started there more than four years ago – are unsustainable, and are bound eventually to fail. With the populous areas of western Syria and the main cities all likely to fall soon under the secure control of the internationally recognised Syrian government, these policies cannot achieve regime change in Syria. If the US persists with them the US far more than Russia risks becomes bogged down in Syria in a war it cannot win. As a matter of fact there are tell-tale signs this is already happening, with the US plan to advance on Raqqah already causing problems with the US’s Turkish ally. Putting all that aside, the sound and fury of the current anti-Russian campaign should not mislead us. It is not a reason for fear. It is a product of weakness and failure, not of confidence and strength. Its exceptionally high volume and its ferocious tone are the product of the US’s feelings of humiliation and failure in Syria following the events of this October. It is after all natural for someone who feels defeated to over-compensate by being over-assertive, and that is what we are witnessing now. Certainly the anti-Russian campaign is not a sign the US is about to go to war with Russia, whether in Syria or anywhere else. On the contrary it is a reflection of the fact war cannot happen precisely because the US in the form of the Russian air defence system in Syria is now faced with an adversary it is not confident it can defeat at any remotely acceptable cost. Irrespective of whether Hillary Clinton wins the Presidency in November, that is the reality. The moment of greatest danger in the Syrian crisis has passed.",0
7758,South Jersey veterans have miles to go for better care,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. South Jersey veterans have miles to go for better care By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 1, 2016 veterans 
BY VINCENT JACKSON 
Phil Cinquina, who served in the Army in the 1940s, makes it a priority to maintain his health by working out several times a week. 
Cinquina, 89, has been more fortunate than other members of his American Legion Post in Weymouth Township. He said he can’t understand why veterans with health problems can’t get help locally. 
Instead, to visit a VA hospital, local veterans have to travel by bus or van hours away to Pennsylvania, Delaware or northern New Jersey. 
“In Northfield, you have to catch the bus, and it’s a two-hour ride to the hospital. They will go on the bus together. Everybody has to wait until everyone on the bus is done (seeing a doctor), and then it comes back,” Cinquina said. 
Read the Full Article at www.pressofatlanticcity.com >>>>",0
7759,Witnesses Come Forward Following Facebook Livestream Gang Rape,"A woman who watched in horror at the gang rape broadcast live on Facebook Sunday morning has told Swedish newspaper Expressen how she was raped by one of the perpetrators in 2015. [Watching footage of the attack in Uppsala for which three men were arrested Sunday, as it unfolded on Facebook, the    recognised one of the attackers as having raped her 15 months earlier the Swedish newspaper reported.  “I had anxiety when I saw him” the woman recalled, adding, “When I saw what was happening, I knew exactly how the girl felt. ” The    said she was in an apartment with the suspect and three acquaintances when the attack took place. She was taking a shower when the man she identified from the video as having raped her unlocked the bathroom door and attacked. “I pushed him away several times and said no. I used all my strength to try to push him away, but in the end I gave up and felt it was impossible [to stop him]” she said, describing the man’s behaviour as “sick”. “I had bruises and scratches all over my body, the throat, and where he squeezed my breasts” the    said, and reported having been badly affected by the attack, following which she required “urgent psychological care”. “I hope he is convicted, this should not happen again” said the woman, whose own complaint regarding the man reached a dead end when police were unable to prove that what occurred was a crime. “You have been raped” one of the men involved in the attack broadcast Sunday morning told their victim while laughing, according to witnesses. Viewers also reported a gun being drawn in the shocking footage, the livestream of which was only shut off after police arrived on the scene. According to Fria Tider, the attacker identified by the woman is from Iran, and has multiple criminal convictions including for assault, drug offences, and theft. Kurdish economist Tino Sanandaji blasted the media in Sweden for hiding the foreign background of the attackers, noting on Facebook that “offenders of foreign origin account for the majority of gang rapes”. Speaking of the attack in Uppsala, Sanandaji said the government has a responsibility to report all the facts when it comes to serious crime, and slammed its recent decision to block a request for data that would detail links between immigration and crime.",0
7760,Americans preparing for strong possibility of violence on Election Day,"Americans preparing for strong possibility of violence on Election Day Are you worried about violence on Election Day? By Vic Bishop - October 28, 2016 
With the U.S. presidential elections just around the corner, concerns about violence on Election Day seem to be escalating. Several schools have announced that they will not hold classes when the polls are open due to fears of potential violence. According to a recent survey of voters, “A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are ‘very concerned.’” 
Voters have been very obsessive in what’s been an emotional presidential election year. It is possible that supporters of the winning party make a public display showing off their victory to emphasize the painful fact that the other candidate has lost. Will they become easy targets? Whoever has lost may question the validity of the election and accuse of opposing side of manipulating the results. If it comes to this, should we expect civil unrest? It may be smart to stock up on a few days of extra food and water , so you can just hole up at home if need be. 
More details from the aforementioned survey can be found here . Election Year Has Been Filled With Political Hostilities 
It’s no surprise people are apprehensive about Election Day. Voters in the U.S. have been passionately divided when it comes to the candidates. Many are fervent to keep the worse of two evils out of office. Decisions seem to be driven more by animosity towards one candidate, rather than by inspiration or vision offered by the other. 
Regardless if the voter survey offers an accurate representation of how Americans truly feel, we cannot deny that political discord has already incited violence in communities across the States. A summary here offers just a glimpse at the various incidents that have occurred during the year. Take a look below at the reception a man wearing a Trump hat received when attending a Clinton rally. 
Violence isn’t exclusive to Clinton supporters. Two videos below show how Trump supporters respond to unwelcome demonstration by their opposition. 
With so much hatred and hostility surrounding the election, one can reasonably expect a violent, or at least unpleasant, conclusion. And any aggression will likely be exacerbated by the news media, which will make matters worse. Confidence In The Election Process Falters 
In addition to the looming question of who will be named president, another big unknown is how will U.S. citizens react? Will they accept the results of the election ? As per the previous mentioned voter survey, it seems that the confidence Americans once had in their election process is definitely floundering. Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. More than two-thirds of Trump voters say they worry the election returns could be manipulated. In contrast, eight in 10 of Clinton voters say the returns can be trusted to be fair and accurate. ( source ) Best Course is to Stay Prepared 
The drama of the election year will likely continue after November 8. It is reasonable to expect that some communities will experience civil unrest, particularly where divisions are strong. It only makes sense to prepare, at least at the basic level, with a week’s worth of storable food and water available in your home. It might also be smart to stock up your bug-out bag . Of course, some may feel the need to be a bit more aggressive with their preparedness plans: “Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. ( source ) 
Are you worried about violence on Election Day? Do you have a preparedness plan in place in case of civil unrest? Please share your views in the comments section below. Via Activist Post Featured Image: Jamelle Bouie/Flickr",0
7761,"Peskov: NATO is aggressive by nature, Russia threatens no one","November 7, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


The Russian president’s press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, has replied to NATO General Secretary Jens Stolstenberg’s statement on strengthening forces due to Russia’s “activeness.” The Kremlin’s spokesperson categorized such as evidence of the “aggressive nature of NATO” and recalled that the blocs which NATO members opposed have long since disappeared, but the alliance’s behavior has not changed. 
“Stoltenberg’s statement once again testifies to the aggressive nature of this organization. Despite the fact that the counter-bloc to NATO no longer exists, still this nature is impossible to eradicate for ideological and political reasons,” Peskov is quoted as saying by TASS.  
The approach of NATO military infrastructure up to the borders of the Russian Federation is a fact indicative of the aggressive intentions of the alliance. Meanwhile, “in terms of ensuring its national security, Russia is acting within its borders and these actions do not threaten anyone,” Putin’s press secretary added. 

Jens Stoltenberg earlier stated that NATO is planning to transfer a portion of its troops to strengthen its operations in response to Russia’s activities.  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
7762,Wham! Italy Pummeled by 10 Earthquakes in Four Hours,"Having not yet recovered from the severe earthquakes of recent months, central Italy was struck by 10 earthquakes in succession over a   period Wednesday, all of them registering over 4. 0 on the Richter Scale. [Wednesday’s earthquakes varied in magnitude between 4. 1 and 5. 7, and several lasted a significant amount of time.  The first quake, measuring 5. 3, struck the beleaguered city of Amatrice at 10:25am local time, and the shock waves could be felt in contiguous regions and all the way south in Rome. Amatrice had already been laid waste by a powerful earthquake last August 24, which destroyed the town and left nearly 300 dead. After the quake, the mayor of Amatrice announced: “The town is gone. ” The second quake —  the strongest of all —  hit just a few miles from the epicenter of the first, 45 minutes later. In all, five of the 10 quakes struck within five miles of Amatrice.  The bell tower of the church of Sant’Agostino was one of the few monuments in Amatrice to survive last summer’s earthquake, but Wednesday’s quakes finished the job, bringing the tower crumbling to the ground. To add insult to injury, central Italy had been covered with snow prior to the quakes and was suffering from exceptionally cold temperatures. Civil Protection Chief Fabrizio Curcio said that the wide scope of the tremors, along with the snow, made a comprehensive assessment of the situation difficult. “The situation is quite complicated,” Curcio said. “We are receiving reports from all over the nation. Obviously the quake was felt clearly all over the center, as far as the capital. ” In Rome, children were sent home from school at mid morning, public buildings were evacuated and authorities shut down the subway system. Wednesday’s seismic activity was the third major event of its kind in Italy in less than half a year. The August 24 earthquake demolished several towns of central Italy, including Amatrice, and three more quakes during the night of Oct   wreaked still more devastation and displaced thousands of persons. The October earthquakes reportedly shook Rome’s world heritage ancient buildings, including the Colosseum and Pantheon, and some of the damage has not yet been repaired. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
7763,Four Movies You Should Know About Before the Golden Globes - The New York Times,"Last month, about 50 new movies opened in New York and Los Angeles. Some, like a Robert De Niro vehicle called “The Comedian,” showed up in one or a handful of theaters to qualify for Oscar consideration. Some showed up everywhere. (Hi, “Assassin’s Creed. ” Hello, “Rogue One. ”) Who’s got time to see them all? But just in time for Sunday’s Golden Globes broadcast, we plucked four movies from the glut to discuss on “Still Processing”: “Fences,” directed by and starring Denzel Washington the    romance “Passengers,” with Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt the Los Angeles romantic musical “La La Land,” starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling and “Patriots Day,” about the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, starring a bunch of people but especially Mark Wahlberg. Jenna calls that one “the perfect movie for our time. ” We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we   hate. That’s life  —   at the movies, anyway. We also had to take a minute to express our heartfelt sympathies for  —   and total bafflement about  —   Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve debacle: so uncomfortable, so funny, so, so her. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a preloaded app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a preloaded app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
7764,MILO and Pamela Geller Protest Sharia-Advocate Linda Sarsour in NYC - Breitbart,"Former Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos and Pamela Geller held a protest against   Linda Sarsour’s speaking engagement at The City University of New York (CUNY) on Thursday.[  Calling out CUNY chancellor James Milliken for making Sarsour the keynote speaker at the commencement address, Geller started by claiming, “First of all, this is not about free speech. ” “I’m a free speech activist. Linda Sarsour is free to speak on college campuses and does frequently,” she continued. “The idea of inviting her to keynote the commencement address, those invitations are bestowed upon people to enhance a college’s reputation. Why would you hold her up as a role model? As Representative Carolyn Maloney said, ‘surely CUNY can do better?’ The norming of evil and terror and Jew hatred, surely CUNY can do better?” “She’s earned a reputation as one of this country’s most vicious   activists, she has called Netanyahu a ‘waste of skin’. She tweeted a picture of a young Muslim child throwing a rock at Jews, calling him the definition of courage. Surely CUNY can do better?” continued Geller. “She’s the leader of the Boycott Divestment movement, which is   in its calls for the boycott of the Jewish state. These boycotts are illegal, and inhumane. The German’s boycotted   businesses, this was a direct antecedent to the Boycott Divestment movement. Surely CUNY can do better?” Continuing her speech to applause, Geller added that Sarsour “has partnered with Rasmea Odeh, a convicted terrorist who killed students at Hebrew University, and threatened to bomb the British consulate. Surely CUNY can do better?” “Linda Sarsour was outraged when police and an FBI agent killed a jihadi, who was on his way to behead me. She said it was police violence. She said that at the end of the day, a black man was shot at a bus stop on his way to work. Beheading me is work for the jihadi  …     Surely CUNY can do better?” Sarsour declared. “She’s an open supporter of the Sharia, she says a Jew cannot be a feminist, but she says nothing about Islamic honor violence, gender apartheid, female genital mutilation, and the oppression of women under Islam. Surely CUNY can do better?” “Sarsour said that the   underwear bomber, who tried to detonate a bomb on an airplane in 2009, was a CIA plot in America’s war on Islam. Surely CUNY can do better?” concluded Geller. “She has solicited funds for Hamas. Surely CUNY can do better?  …     Anyone who tells you that this is Islamophobia, I want to quote Christopher Hitchens: ‘Islamophobia is a word created by fascists, used by cowards, to manipulate morons,’ and the morons are to my left. Silence is affirmation, we will not be silent, resist. ” Assemblyman Dov Hikind followed Geller onstage, declaring simply that “Linda Sarsour supports terrorism. ” “Let us talk about her record, that’s all we’re interested in doing,” he proclaimed. “The fact that she’s a woman is not an issue of course. The fact that she’s a Muslim, is not the issue. That is not the issue. The fact that she is Palestinian is not the issue. That is not the issue. That’s what Linda Sarsour wants people to believe. When CUNY invites Linda Sarsour to be the commencement speaker, that is something that’s imposed upon the students  …     When CUNY imposes Linda Sarsour on the students, that’s outrageous. Shame on CUNY. ” Hikind continued to display a picture of the two victims of Rasmea Odeh, who was jailed for terrorist attacks in Israel, adding, “Linda Sarsour thinks Rasmea Odeh is a great hero. ” Other speakers included Nonie Darwish from Former Muslims United, who detailed her escape from Sharia law, and David Wood, who spoke about the indoctrination of young people before Milo took to the stage. “I notice there aren’t that many Muslim protesters, but if you’ve ever tried to walk in a sodden burka, you’ll know why,” joked Milo, referencing the rain. “It’s enough to dissuade even the most determined jihadi. ” “Now we all agree on a few things, don’t we? We all agree for instance that Linda Sarsour is a       ticking   of progressive horror,” he continued. “We agree on that. Now I’ll call her Linda, because her surname Sarsour, did you know this, it means cockroach in Arabic, and I do so hate to be disrespectful. So we’ll call her Linda. ” “Yes, I’m back, and just as much of a waspish c*nt as ever. This week, another Muslim loser, a friend of Linda’s probably, strapped a bomb to his chest in Manchester and murdered over 20 people, including children,” Milo stated. “Does Linda Sarsour in her dark hut approve of this atrocity? If she feels any remorse at all, maybe its for the Muslim grooming gangs and Pakistani child rapists who have 20 fewer victims this week. What Manchester has done is once again raise the stakes. ” Milo continued to declare that “It’s now more important than ever to fight Islam in America and particularly its emissaries like Linda Sarsour,” before explaining the importance of America hearing bad ideas. He made it clear that he did not want Sarsour banned from speaking but that she must be held accountable for her views:   I believe that Linda Sarsour should be allowed to speak at CUNY. In fact, if they’d asked me, I would’ve paid her fee, no matter how many goats she asked for. And the reason that I think she should be allowed to speak is that her words, odious as they are, should be broadcast far and wide. The best response to authoritarianism is not more censorship, but more speech. I want America to hear her. I want America to listen to her arguments and weigh their merits. I am a free speech fundamentalist. I believe that in an open marketplace of ideas, the best ideas prevail. In America you don’t have an open marketplace of ideas, because the massed ranks of the establishment media, academia, and the entertainment industry are set up to condemn conservative and libertarian points of view as hateful, bigoted, and oppressive. They are none of those things. And so one of the real enemies here isn’t just ordinary Muslims. It isn’t Linda Sarsour. The bigger enemy, and the enemy to American freedom has always been from within. The enemy here are the progressive elites who run the entertainment industry, academia, and the media in this country. It is only through the open marketplace of ideas, with no more censorship of conservatives and libertarians, and no more oppressive speech codes from the left, that I believe America can realize its promise and its destiny, and that is why this country is the greatest country in the history of human civilization. That is why we are out here, in the pouring rain, because this stuff f*cking matters. And when we reach that goal, when we reach that day, when there is a full, free, frank, open exchange of ideas, when anyone can present their ideas to scrutiny, when anyone can present their system of belief, for discussion and debate, then people will see Linda Sarsour for what she is. It’s true that her ideology is as ugly as Chelsea Clinton, it’s true that Linda wants to replace graduated women’s mortar boards with hijabs, and when that happens the burka will replace those graduation robes  . Linda wants to substitute prayer rugs for diplomas, and CUNY is going right along with her. It’s true CUNY is going to see the consequences of this. They’re going to see it in enrollment, they’re going to see it in alumni donations. And the other speakers here have done a much better job than me of explaining why she is wrong about absolutely everything. So if you disagree with a     commencement speaker, hold back on giving money to this university. Don’t enroll your kids. Teach them a lesson the American way, which is with your speech and with your wallet. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
7765,The New Yorker: ‘How Steve Bannon Conquered CPAC and the Republican Party’,"The New Yorker’s Ryan Lizza writes that the populist nationalist worldview of Donald Trump’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has finally “conquered” the American Conservative Union’s annual CPAC conference. [As Lizza notes, the issues that animate Bannon’s worldview and propelled Trump to victory were left off the CPAC agenda in the 2013 conference following Mitt Romney’s failed presidential campaign. That year, Bannon, then the executive chairman of Breitbart News, organized an “Uninvited” panel of speakers to discuss such pressing topics as illegal immigration, crony capitalism, and radical Islam.  From The New Yorker: The   appearance was a reminder of how quickly Bannon’s view of conservatism came to defeat Priebus’s. Back in March, 2013, Bannon was something of an outcast at CPAC. In the wake of Mitt Romney’s loss in the 2012 Presidential election, conservatives were trying to emphasize their movement’s diversity and tolerance. The prevailing takeaway from the election was that the right had grown too old, too white, and too intolerant —  and so CPAC, which often serves as an incubator for ideas emerging on the far right, needed to downplay the fringes of the movement.   …     Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News, roamed the halls as a disgruntled and dishevelled fringe player. Before the conference, he had scanned the schedule and complained that CPAC’s organizers had cast out the voices representing what he viewed as the real issues on the right: the threat from Islam, illegal immigration, and corporate America’s influence on politics. He organized an evening of counterprograming to highlight those issues, which he called the Uninvited. Even at the most conservative gathering in America, Bannon liked to play the role of aggrieved outsider. On the CPAC sidelines, Bannon described his alternative lineup to an interviewer: “A former Attorney General from the Bush Administration talking about jihad and the élites’ inability to recognize it. Peter Schweitzer talking about crony capitalism. Pam Geller, Robert Spencer, Frank Gaffney, Nina Shea talking about the global persecution of Christians. These are huge topics. Illegal immigration. These are huge issues. They have to be vetted. ” Read the rest here. ",0
7766,"’Dems Own the Failed ObamaCare Disaster,’ Donald Trump Tweets - Breitbart","  Donald Trump is using Twitter to criticize the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, on the same day President Obama is heading to Capitol Hill to huddle with Democrats about how to defend his signature legislation. [Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases  …      …      —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017,   like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web  …      —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017,  massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight  —   be careful!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017,  Trump’s tweeting comes after Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer blasted Republicans for planning to repeal and replace the healthcare law. “It’s chaos rather than affordable care. Because once you repeal and don’t replace it with anything, lots of things happen. Costs go up. All the insurance companies and everybody else in charge are going to charge a lot more because they are not sure what’s going to happen,” Schumer stated during an interview with Politico. “You’re going to lose a lot of benefits, unless the Republicans put tens of billions of dollars down on the table.   …     They are like the dog who caught the bus.   …     Because you cannot repeal a plan and put nothing in its place. It doesn’t matter if you say the repeal won’t take place for a year or two years. ” Vice   Mike Pence, like Obama, is also heading to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to meet with Republican lawmakers to discuss repealing and replacing the law.",0
7767,"Truth in Media: Big Pharma, the FDA and Medical Propaganda","Editor Free e-Book! 
Sign up to receive FPJ Weekly straight to your inbox plus get instant access to download The Israel-Palestine Conflict: A Collection of Essays by FPJ publisher and editor Jeremy R. Hammond. Yes, send me the e-book! Almost there! Just click the link in the email we've sent to confirm the address your e-book should be delivered to. Comments are encouraged, but please respect the rules. Click here for terms of use. Free e-Book! 
Sign up to receive FPJ Weekly straight to your inbox plus get the e-book The Israel-Palestine Conflict: A Collection of Essays ! Yes, send me the e-book! Almost there! Just click the link in the email we've sent to confirm the address your e-book should be delivered to. Follow FPJ",0
7768,"Virgil: On This Memorial Day, Breitbart Readers Remember and Look to the Future - Breitbart","I. Memorializing the Greatest Generation,  Memorial Day is the day in which we remember, with solemn gratitude, all those who gave their lives in military service to our country.  Elsewhere here at Breitbart News, others have recollected the fallen as Abraham Lincoln said in eulogizing those who died at Gettysburg in 1863, “It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. ” Interestingly, Memorial Day was once known as Decoration Day.  After all, it was, and is, the virtuous custom to decorate the graves of the  .  And in the name “Decoration Day,” we see something important for the sake of our civic life: the ability of each patriot to offer appropriate honors in his or her own way.  That is, with flowers, cards, notes, or perhaps a bit of memorabilia. Today, such personalized displays of devotion are particularly common at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the Mall in Washington, DC.  Why?  Most likely, because that war is relatively recent plenty of people alive now still feel a close connection to   warriors. Yet the passing of the years has meant that other American wars are rapidly receding from our personal memory.  For instance, we might point to World War II.  During that conflict, from 1941 to 1945, the population of the US was about 133 million.  And yet in 2010, less than 5. 5 million Americans were over the age of 85 that is, born in 1925 or earlier.  Which is to say, the number of Americans today who could have had any adult participation in the war is small —  and rapidly getting smaller, as old age takes its toll. Yes, it’s painful to think that all the heroism of that era is no longer with us, at least not in a personal way.   To be sure, there are many museum displays, history books, movies, and TV shows about World War II.  And yet still, there’s nothing like the power of a personal reminiscence, as anyone who has ever sat at the knee of a revered elder knows full well.  It will indeed, be a sad moment when the last voice from that era is stilled.  So the least that each of can do is help to make sure that every one of those vital voices is archived in some form. Moreover, perhaps on this Memorial Day we can recall more of the voices from World War II, reaching beyond the ranks of the heroes who died in uniform.  That is, for the sake of the enlarging the historical record, we can recollect some of the memories about those who served, too, on the homefront, namely, in war production.  If their personal risk and sacrifices were less than those who fought in battle, their contributions were nonetheless enormous: As Virgil has argued many times, America’s greatest comparative edge in World War II was its industrial production. For instance, in a March 17 piece, “Donald Trump, Rosie the Riveter, and the Revival of American Economic Nationalism,” Virgil took note of President Trump’s speech, two days earlier, recalling the   plant at Willow Run, Michigan.  That was the plant that built 9, 000 bombers that we used to flatten enemy targets. And that piece brought forth an outpouring of WW2 memories from Breitbart readers, many of them recording what they had heard, over the years, from fathers, mothers, and other loved ones who lived, worked, and fought in that era.  Virgil sifted through all the comments, more than 1800 of them these left him inspired, informed, amused, and, okay, sometimes bemused. For starters, Virgil enjoyed the comments specifically about a key theme of the article, which was war production in World War II these postings were often from descendants of workers and veterans.  Let’s take a look: Reader “MadMen” said simply, “It makes me really miss my grandparents who both worked in those factories. ”  Meanwhile, reader “NHnative” reported that one family’s inheritance from WW2 includes, to this day, a devotion to sewing: My grandmother was sewing parachutes . . . She moved on to sewing the uniforms.  She’s still sewing daily at age 91 on her 1953 Singer. . . .  All the girls in my family are accomplished seamstresses and it all started with those parachutes. Reader “Last Ride” recalled a father who is, shall we say, particularly close to the   Liberators made at Willow Run, Michigan, and other parts of the country: My dad started his career in the USAF as a   pilot just as they were being retired from service, and ended his career as a   pilot.  He loves the   and moved to Ohio to be near the USAF   museum to be able to visit one of the last ones around. He told my mom she should feel lucky that the plane could not say “I do” or she would have been replaced, I believe him. Meanwhile, the legendary Rosie the Riveter received much attention.  Reader “Feet2Fire” reminded fellow commenters that there’s plenty to learn about Rosie from the website Diaryofarosie. Yet reader “53Skylark” raised a point of personal privilege —  or, more precisely, Pittsburgh privilege —  when he asserted: The iconic Rosie the Riveter was based on a woman riveter employed by Westinghouse in Pittsburgh.  In the original iconic picture she is wearing a Westinghouse employee badge.  She did NOT originate at Willow Run.  And, all of the steel for the planes, ships, tanks, bullets, etc. was made in Pittsburgh. The former steel capital of the world. To which reader “Jonsen” replied: Rosie became a symbol of more than one woman, though.  She was a symbol for all women working at home to help the cause. (As Virgil noted, while the actual Rosie the Riveter worked at Willow Run, the larger story of “Rosie” is complicated: The immortal “We Can Do It!” image does, indeed, come from Pittsburgh.  Yet the great artist Norman Rockwell, too, added his own image of Rosie —  and his model was from Vermont.) Indeed, Rosie was more than just an individual she was, and is, an archetype.  Reader “TexanForever” recalled: My mom was a “Rosie the riveter” at the North American plant in Grand Prairie, Texas.  While I was in grade school in Dallas she was riveting together  ’s.  Being by nature very modest, she hated wearing slacks, but she did it for the war effort. Or as reader “Sam Houston” put it: This hits home to me as my Father and Uncle were WWII Vets. My Step Mom was a Rosie the Riveter on the   Liberator, tail section, at Consolidated Air Force Plant #4 at Carswell Army Airfield in Fort Worth, Texas.  She left the dairy farm in Yantis (East Texas) for the War Effort. . . .  I am so proud of her and our Greatest Generation! The actual Rosies, of course, are mostly departed by now, which makes commenters wish all the more to savor their memory.  As reader “william couch” recalled, “In the early ’70’s, I worked with 2 Rosies.  It was @ the plant in Rosecrans, CA. ”  And reader “Gary Eaker” offered a strong summary lesson: Great image.  Rosie the Riveter.  Americans joining together to do what needs to be done to PROTECT AMERICA. We must join together. Of course, Rosie will always live on in spirit.  Indeed, as reader “Vypurr” explained, she holds up well: “Rosie had more Moxie and balls than any liberal crybaby Beta male today. ” Yes, the Rosies had spunk reader “backhome1999” recalled this anecdote of female feistiness: My Mom was one of those women.  The story she tells, she was responsible for   of the airplane to connect everything to the pilot’s area, and she would finish in a few days while her male counterpart doing the same job on the other   of the airplane took up to 2 weeks finishing his side.  She asked for a raise . . . she finally made as much as a man during that time, which was unheard of.  But she did her job in   the time (and they knew it). Other commenters compared and contrasted two very different women named Rosie, often adding observations about how things have changed, for the worse, since the 40s.  One such was reader “Cindy”: Now instead of Rosie the Riveter, we have the likes of Rosie O’Donnell and Amy Schumer making more for doing worse than nothing than most of us make in a lifetime.  Long before the celebs showed their true colors, America made the yuge mistake of placing people who don’t contribute to our society in a meaningful way on a high pedestal so kids would dream of becoming THAT. And speaking of popular culture, reader “chicodon” added: Every young person should see this.  Glenn Miller was the hottest musical act on the scene for young people in 1942.  The entire country was patriotic, including Hollywood.  It’s from before my time but it was America. . . . Can you picture ANY act today doing this?  Rooting for the military? Indeed, the lyrics to the Glenn Miller song “chicodon” links to, “People Like You And Me,” are stirring: Say, get a load o’ those guys, High in the skies, Wingin’ to victoryUp and at ’em in the fight forPeople like you and me! Hey, get a load o’ those gobs, Doin’ their jobs, Keepin’ the sea lanes freeJust to make the future bright forPeople like you and me! “Gobs,” we might note, was affectionate slang for “seamen. ”  At the same time, in that song, the vital work on the homefront was also not forgotten: We’ll have to roll up our sleeves, Tighten our belts, But through the dark we’ll seeThe lady with the liberty light forPeople like you and you and you, And people like me, People like you and me! Miller, we might recall, joined the US Army during WW2 at the peak of his career —  and at age 38.  He died on December 15, 1944, when his airplane crashed into the English Channel he had been preparing the next leg of his famed orchestra’s   tour for the troops. Of course, Miller’s sacrifice was common many celebrities joined the armed services, and many more pitched in —  and more than a few died. For his part, reader “Euclid” took note of the visual elements of Virgil’s article, for which the author can claim no credit: LOOK AT THOSE PHOTOS! Black and white American men and women all working together in harmony. . . .  Look at us now!  The most divided ever among race, gender, class, age, etc! Yes, everyone found a way to pitch in back then as Trump likes to say, the blood of patriots is all the same color. Without a doubt, we were mostly inspired by patriotism back then, and yet for some, the production effort was personal.  Here’s how reader “Katherine” recalled the war work of her grandfather please note the   kicker at the end: My grandfather was a tool and die maker for Ford, and was asked to be a foreman at the Pratt and Whitney plant in Highland Park, Michigan, which built the engines for the  . He didn’t want to be a foreman, but he did it because one of his three sons who were in the service was a   bomber pilot, and he wanted to be sure his son had good engines to fly. So it’s little wonder that even today, many remember the good work that was done.  For instance, reader “Havegunwilltravel” wrote: My father was a   pilot in WW 2.  He flew from England over Germany and he often told me that it was his airplane that brought him back every time. The   was hard to fly, no pressurization but she was tough not like what we have today, “MADE IN CHINA” crap.  I would like to thank all the people who worked at Willow Run who took pride in their work and built one of the greatest airplanes in the world. Another commenter, reader “Jake Manchester,” added: I love stories about America’s exceptionalism.  Imagine building one   every hour.  Now that, my friends, is American exceptionalism. Yet in those days, as reader “sally forth” recalled, just about everyone was exceptional: It wasn’t just Rosie, it was everyday citizens with victory gardens,  scrap metal drives.  Those that sold war bonds  those that bought war bonds.  It was rationing of food  gas.  Farmers  entire families produced more food. Every PATRIOTIC American was somehow involved to win the big one  bring the boys home. And yes, Virgil will say it again, a great    led us to victory.  As reader “backhome1999” remembers: My Mom worked in a factory building planes for the WWII effort, and the photo of FDR reminds me of her story about FDR driving through the plant one day on her way into work and waved at her.  She helped build  ’s, Douglas plant, Long Beach, Calif. Virgil recognizes that not every Breitbart commenter, including reader “Crazycatkid,” is a fan of Franklin D. Roosevelt.  And yet we all might recall that his fellow Americans thought so highly of FDR that they elected him to the White House four times indeed, each of his presidential victories was a landslide.  Moreover, the fact that his image has been on the US dime for the last 70 years tells us something about his enduring popularity even two Republicans, Nancy and Ronald Reagan, revered him. Yet in addition to the warm glow of nostalgia from those days, there’s also the chill pang of loss. Reader “Texan Forever” wrote: We were a nation united. . . . During this period my favorite cousin, T. J. Morrow, was a left waist gunner on a  .  In 1943 while over Germany he was killed instantly by flak.  The crippled bomber managed to limp to Belgium where the remaining crew bailed out. T. J.’s body went down with the plane and was buried by a Belgian farmer.  His remains were later brought back to America. Indeed, we never forget those who gave all.  And if personal memories are now flickering out, well, the rest of us will have to step up our game and keep the remembrance going.   As reader “HandsomeRogue” added, “It’s our American history. It’s a legacy our    lived and we have —  largely —  failed to share. ” Those who hear the call to remember our history should, of course, visit grave sites and battlefields.  Yet in addition, there are other ways to gain perspective.  As reader “WTP1776” noted, “Every year they fly the WWII planes right over my house . . . I love hearing the dishes shake in the cupboard . . . they look so swell. ” In fact, learning about the winged marvels that brought victory in WW2 can be fun, as well as informative.  As another reader posted: If you EVER have the opportunity to ride in a WWII warbird and have the money, do it.  It’s an experience of a lifetime.  Not just for the flight experience itself, but for at least getting a hint first hand what those young kids crewing them must have gone through in combat conditions. II. The Task Ahead, The point of Virgil’s article was not only to take note of President Trump’s celebration of Rosie and the Greatest Generation, but also to observe that the outlines of an American manufacturing revival —  which is to say, a revival of American greatness, including military greatness —  can now be seen.  And plenty of readers see it, too: Virgil lost track of the number of “MAGAs” scattered through the comments. Yet some Michiganders had a more immediate reaction.  For instance, one Michigan reader wrote, “I have seen President Trump mention us in Michigan more (in a good way) in the past 3 months, than my entire life (since 1960). ” Yet at the same time, there are lessons for all Americans to learn.  For example, one reader connected the success of the national effort during WW2 to earlier American team efforts: This is truly the American way.  It has always been our way.  It is only a short distance in time and space from the   in farm country to the factory at Willow Run.  From that   to Willow Run to today we are Americans who work and succeed together. As reader “Vypurr” observed, “Nationalism is what kept America alive in WWII. ”  And  reader “Tiger Kitten” turned that point into a larger sentiment: Nationalism is a good thing, it keeps cultures intact, countries strong, and morale high, whereas globalism does nothing but destroy cultures.  Without borders you not only have no country, you have no culture, either. Meanwhile, reader “FLGibsonJr” added valuable historical perspective, linking Trump’s ideas on trade today with the American tradition —  as described by Virgil —  of Alexander Hamilton and Henry Clay: America was famous around the world for its Protectionism.  In fact it was Protectionist Tariffs that paid for essentially our entire government including all of our military.  Furthermore, it was Bismarck who looked at the American System of high tariffs and the British System . . . of free trade and chose the American System of high tariffs and then went about building one of the great economic powers in the world. “FLGibsonJr” continued by urging a fellow commenter not to be seduced by “globalist corporate propaganda. ” The   policies stemming from such propaganda, he added, might enrich companies, but they will be “devastating for countries like the United States. ” Meanwhile, reader “American Worker’s Warrior” put the matter in even starker terms: We couldn’t win a war like WW2 today, not after the uniparty’s NAFTA decimated our industrial base, and now we have to rely on China and Asia to make the microchips for all our smart missiles and tech. Others added   policy prescriptions, connecting past to present. One such was reader “newsies2”: The Willow Run Bomber Plant was as example of what our great Country was capable of doing, when the need arose.  This plant went up in the space of less than a year, and was capable of producing an airplane that helped win the war.  One has to admit that it was a great success.  In my thinking, the article, as it mentioned, is about  !  . . .  Trump is talking about our People working together to be strong and self sufficient once more. Today, some are already doing their part.  For instance, reader “JRG” has a personalized trade policy: During WW2 my mom worked in a factory making piston rings while my dad was in the Pacific doing what Marines do.  I go out of my way to purchase products that are made in the USA even though I know it will cost me more. Still, many commenters made the point that automation will change the factory of the future and factory employment in the future.  And this is undoubtedly true.  Indeed, some, such as reader “greg,” went out of their way to make the point, sharply, at Virgil’s expense: This article is ridiculous.   It would have you believe that there is some chance that there will be manufacturing jobs coming back to the US. To which reader “Jonsen” riposted, “It’s about the can do spirit. ”  “Jonsen” added, quoting Virgil, “before WWII ‘we had the resources in place. ’”  And those    resources, as Virgil noted, included a quality workforce. As reader “Kris Johnson” wrote of those we’     days: Tears fill my eyes at the thought of the America of my grandfather. . . . To imagine a time when management was proud to provide good people with good jobs.  Good American companies built excellent American products that worked and lasted beyond expectation. Indeed, as reader “AngelHorseMomMD223” pointed out, even today, labor is still important: If automation was THE issue in regards to employment, they’d be importing machines, not highly skilled H1B visa workers or unskilled laborers. Indeed, the issue of trade came up often in the comments.  For instance, reader “MechMan” wrote, “We must be careful not to become   trade.  Free trade is a good thing. ” To which reader “Mbekos” responded, “There is no free trade, none. Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, Germany, all of them had   ways to win the trade war with US. ” And reader “GSR” added, “Free trade can benefit a company, but too much of it can destroy a nation. ” Meanwhile, reader “GahD of Socialism,” the name notwithstanding, made a powerful point about capitalism: “When a country has a   economy, it thrives. ” Yet at the same time, reader “Franco” added a point that was widely understood in the 40s, and less widely understood today: “Can’t have a manufacturing sector without strong consumption and demand. ” That is, people need the money in their pockets to buy the things that are being made too much concentration of wealth at the top means too little demand for products —  and so the economy stalls. Thus reader “Tyler’s” point on the distribution of wealth, then vs. now, deserves to be taken seriously: “During those years CEO and leadership pay was 80 times the median worker. Now it’s 900 times the median worker. ” In addition, reader “Gregory Brittain” added another good point about the value of widespread prosperity: In addition to the economic effects, the social effects of good jobs are at least as important.  Good jobs leads to more marriage,   families, more children, more stable communities, less crime and more social harmony as a bigger piece of pie is available to all who work for it. Another reader took note of a line from Virgil’s article, describing corporate culture back then: “A   employee was loyal to a company, and the company, in turn, was loyal to the employee. ”  Then the reader added a crucial observation about    corporate practices today: THIS is what has fallen by the wayside with the infection of the globalist mindset.  Billionaires see themselves as countries unto themselves, and have no loyalties to anyone or anything else. For his part, reader “Lew Ross” was even more blunt: I wish there was some way to prosecute politicians who purposely hurt American wages [by] assisting globalists in cheap labor and higher profits abroad and south of the border.  For almost two decades average household earnings have been stagnant for the      and nobody has paid any price for betraying the nation. Not surprisingly, President Trump figured in many of the comments.  Reader “Stella S” posted, “I listened to that speech.  It was heartfelt from an American President to American workers. ”  Or as reader “NYPATRIOT” declared, “Make America Great Again, and the manufacturing powerhouse of the world!” And reader “Buckeye Ken” wrote: President Trump bringing the globalists to heel is a good thing.  Lord knows that he is not opposed to anyone making money, but the overall good of the nation must be considered first. To be sure, Trump had critics, too, among the commenters.  One such was reader “Stever Collette,” who jibed: “ALL of Dishonest Donald’s products are made overseas.  His hotels and clubs continue to use foreign workers on temp visas. ” Okay, in American everyone can have his or her own opinion, and more than a few of those opinions seem to end up in the Breitbart comments section. And reader “ConfidentSpaceman” put all these diverse options into a useful context, saying of this site,“It has become the modern equivalent of the public square. ” And so maybe that’s a good place to stop.  WW2 was fought, in part, for freedom, and so those who fought —  on the battlefront and on the homefront —  would be gratified to know that freedom is still a cherished value. Finally, Virgil is grateful to the following readers for their nice comments: “aha! ,” “Alexa,” “AngelHorseMomMD223,” “Brick Wilson,” “DesertSun59,” “DJTWILLWIN,” “HandsomeRogue,” “Jake Manchester,” “larry king,” “Lizzy,” “MadMen,” “Marianne,” “NHnative,” “NK210,” “Sam Houston,” “Texan Forever,” and “Tiger184. ” And thanks to all the other commenters, too, even those who were not so nice Virgil learns from all of them. And more to the point, thanks to those who shared their personal histories, the overall canon of American history has thus been enriched. Listen to Breitbart’s Rebecca Mansour discuss this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM: ",0
7769,هزة أرضية وسط إيطاليا بقوة 6.3 على مقياس ريختر - RT Arabic,"هزة أرضية وسط إيطاليا بقوة 6.3 على مقياس ريختر 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 19:32 GMT | آثار زلزال 24 أغسطس/آب في إيطاليا A+ ضربت هزة أرضية بقوة 6.3 درجة بمقياس ريختر، منطقة ماركي في وسط إيطاليا، مساء الأربعاء 26 أكتوبر/تشرين الأول، بعد سلسلة هزات أقل قوة شهدها عدد من مناطق البلاد. 
وأفاد مراسل لوكالة نوفوستي الروسية بأن التذبذبات الأرضية كان يمكن للمرء الشعور بها حتى في العاصمة روما. 
ووقعت الهزة الأرضية بقوة 5.4 في محافظة متشيراتا في الساعة 19:11 بالتوقيت المحلي، كما تم رصد هزات أخرى في أربع محافظات أخرى هي أومبريا ولاتسو وماركي وأبروزو. 
وقال مسؤول في الدفاع المدني الإيطالي إن شخصين أصيبا بجروح في مدينة فيسو بمحافظة ماشيراتا، جراء الزلزال، فيما تم رصد دمار بعض المباني في ما أطلق عليه ""المنطقة الحمراء"" بالقرب من بؤرة الزلزال (بقوة 6.0 درجة) الذي ضرب وسط إيطاليا في 24 من أغسطس/آب الماضي. وراح 298 شخصا ضحية ذلك الزلزال الذي خلف أيضا مئات الجرحى وأكثر من 3 آلاف مشرد. 
المصدر: وكالات ",0
7770,Tourists Abandon London Amid Terror Fears,"Tourists are abandoning London for more rural locations in Britain as fears of terrorism grow. [Figures from the Association of Leading Visitor Attractions (ALVA) show venues outside the capital reported a significant increase in visitors last year, while attractions in London, such as the British Museum and the Natural History Museum, experienced a large fall.  Amongst the most significant falls was the British Museum, which remains the most visited attraction in Britain despite a losing nearly 400, 000 visitors last year, while both the Natural History Museum and the Victoria  Albert Museum each lost 12 per cent of their visitors in a single year. Meanwhile the Southbank Centre, an arts complex on the south bank of the River Thames, lost nearly a quarter of its visitors in 2016. ALVA Director Bernard Donoghue said terror attacks in other European cities had put people off visiting London. The Times reports him as saying: “There was concern among overseas visitors that London might be next. We did see a displacement out of central London. ” Meanwhile, venues outside the capital have experienced a significant rise. Scotland has enjoyed a 15. 6 per cent increase in visitors, with Edinburgh’s galleries especially popular. Visitors at Tintagel Castle in Cornwall also rose by nearly 20 per cent, while Battle Abbey in Sussex saw a rise of 29 per cent. Despite the terror fears in London, online queries for flights from European cities to Britain soared in the wake of the Brexit vote last year, with people rushing to find bargains and the pound sterling fell in value. AFP reported that searches for flights from France to Britain surged 130 per cent just one day after the referendum, with similar spikes in searches from Germany, Spain, and Finland. “It is too early to say for sure but the first trends we have seen and the devaluation of the British currency suggest that interest in the UK as a destination will be maintained in the weeks ahead, especially for European passengers interested in ‘city breaks’ to London to go shopping,” booking site iligo. com said in a statement.",0
7771,Life: Beautiful: The CEO Of Firestone Tires Surprised A Sick Child In The Hospital And Showed Her Pictures Of The 2017 Tires Months Before Their Release,"Email 
Ever since 9-year-old Alexa Perry was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer in March, life has been tough. Fortunately, someone amazing is looking out for her. When the CEO of Firestone Tires heard Alexa’s story, he surprised her by showing up at the hospital with dozens of exclusive photos of the company’s entire 2017 tire lineup. 
What an amazing gesture! 
The rest of us will have to wait until next July to see these tires, but thanks to the incredible generosity of Firestone CEO Gary Garfield, Alexa got a special advance peek on Tuesday. According to Alexa’s parents, Garfield entered the ward totally unannounced carrying a large briefcase containing what he called “a glimpse of the future of American tires.” 
Garfield then had the hospital room cleared to make sure that the photos of Firestone’s tire offerings were for Alexa’s eyes only. Staying for a full hour despite his busy schedule, he was able to give Alexa detailed descriptions of the tread life, fuel efficiency, and all-weather performance for the full range of tires set to be released under the Firestone brand next year. 
“Alexa has been incredibly brave and strong. I’m so glad I could share these tire design specs with her,” said Garfield. “Usually you’d have to be an industry insider to get this kind of advance info, but in Alexa’s case, we were happy to make an exception and show her some pictures of slick road tread patterns that no one outside of Firestone headquarters has seen before.” 
Wow. Thanks to this CEO’s kindness, Alexa now knows more about Firestone’s tires than just about anyone. Kudos to Firestone for doing their part to make this youngster’s day very, very special.",0
7772,FLYNN: ’Tyranny of Status Quo’ Means ObamaCare Forever After Congress Whiffs on Repeal - Breitbart,"Presidents never get second chances to make first impressions. So, Donald Trump’s opportunities to repeal and replace ObamaCare after this week’s failures diminish as time passes. [The late Milton Friedman in his book The Tyranny of the Status Quo noted that “a new administration has some six to nine months in which to achieve major changes if it does not seize the opportunity to act decisively during that period, it will not have another such opportunity. Further changes come slowly or not at all, and counterattacks develop against the initial changes. The temporarily routed political forces regroup, and they tend to mobilize everyone who was adversely affected by the changes, while the proponents of the changes tend to relax after their initial victories. ”  From Franklin Roosevelt’s accomplishments during his first hundred days to Ronald Reagan’s Economic Recovery Act, the signature legislative achievements of presidential administrations generally conform to Friedman’s axiom. Rahm Emanuel’s “You never want a serious crisis to go to waste” axiom proves an exception to this rule. Assassination attempts, wars, and other unforeseen events allow presidents to steamroll their legislation through Congress. A second exception involves legislation that receives bipartisan support. Reagan’s Tax Reform Act of 1986, which represented a larger cut than his initial reduction, received support from such Democrats as Senator Bill Bradley and Dick Gephardt. Bill Clinton’s reluctant welfare reform, one of the more significant legislative achievements of his presidency, similarly received support from important figures in the opposition party, notably Speaker Newt Gingrich, as most members from his own Democratic Party voted “no. ” Given the partisan rancor surrounding ObamaCare, foreseeing a scenario where the parties get together to repeal and replace seems the stuff of fantasy. And the idea of a crisis erupting that leads to repeal appears equally  . So, either the Republicans regroup to unite to get this done now or look forward to a future in which ObamaCare becomes as much as an untouchable third rail as Medicare or Social Security. For the   side, “don’t make the perfect the enemy of the good” comes to mind as the strongest argument. Instead of   Americans get ObamaCare because of the recalcitrance of conservative members of Congress. The   people want their Republican colleagues to act like they control the House, Senate, and the presidency instead of capitulating to the people who no longer control the House, Senate, and presidency as they did when ObamaCare passed. Why settle for a   status quo when they could get the status quo ante? Seven years ago, all Republicans opposed ObamaCare. Now in the majority, can’t they whip up 90 percent of their caucus in the House to repeal it? Prospects for Republicans fulfilling their    promise to the American people now look bleak. And conservatives, once again, find themselves conserving liberal laws. “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future,” predicted Paul Ryan after his bill went down in flames before it even received a vote. Congressman Michael Burgess bluntly explained, “We’re done with this. ” Deflated Republican voters may similarly find themselves done with their representatives on the Hill. The GOP enjoyed a floating pitch down the middle of the plate. They whiffed. Such golden opportunities rarely present themselves. That’s the tyranny of the status quo.",0
7773,The Hodges & Hagmann Hour- America’s Last Chance to Survive,"
Doug Hagmann
 
The recent show in which Doug Hagmann and myself discussed all election scenarios was one of the liveliest hours in the history of The Common Sense Show.
The topic centered around the Constitutional crisis that Clinton is creating by refusing to withdraw from the race. Who will ultimately decide the race. Will it be George Soros’ voting machines? Will it be Obama? Will it be the Supreme Court? Most importantly, we discussed the real possibility of martial law and war. Please note, there was insider testimony from a Postal worker from the Phoenix area who discusses ballot stuffing in Arizona.
The details are included in the following video.
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
7774,"Phyllis Schlafly, ‘First Lady’ of a Political March to the Right, Dies at 92 - The New York Times","Phyllis Schlafly, whose   campaigns against Communism, abortion and the Equal Rights Amendment galvanized conservatives for almost two generations and helped reshape American politics, died on Monday. She was 92. Her death was confirmed by the Eagle Forum, the conservative organization she founded in 1975. In her time, Mrs. Schlafly was one of the most polarizing figures in American public life, a   housewife who displayed a moral ferocity reminiscent of the   prohibitionist Carry Nation. Richard Viguerie, who masterminded the use of direct mail to finance   causes, called her “the first lady of the conservative movement. ” On the left, Betty Friedan, the feminist leader and author, compared her to a religious heretic, telling her in a debate that she should burn at the stake for opposing the Equal Rights Amendment. Ms. Friedan called Mrs. Schlafly an “Aunt Tom. ” Mrs. Schlafly became a forceful conservative voice in the 1950s, when she joined the   crusade against international Communism. In the 1960s, with her popular   book “A Choice Not an Echo” (it sold more than three million copies) and a growing legion of followers, she gave critical support to the presidential ambitions of Senator Barry Goldwater, the   Arizonan who went on to lead the Republican Party to electoral disaster in 1964, but who planted the seeds of a conservative revival that would flower with the rise of Ronald Reagan. And in the 1970s, Mrs. Schlafly’s campaign against the Equal Rights Amendment played a large part in its undoing. The amendment would have expanded women’s rights by barring any   distinctions in federal and state laws, and it was within hailing distance of becoming the law of the land: Both houses of Congress had passed it by a vote of more than 90 percent, and 35 state legislatures  —   only three shy of the number required for adoption  —   had approved it. But the amendment lost steam in the late 1970s under pressure from Mrs. Schlafly’s volunteer brigades  —   mainly women, most of them churchgoing Christians (Mrs. Schlafly was Roman Catholic) and not a few of them lugging apple pies to cajole legislators. Despite an extension of the deadline, the amendment died, on June 30, 1982. Many saw her ability to mobilize that citizens’ army as her greatest accomplishment. Angered by the cultural transformations of the 1960s, beginning with the 1962 Supreme Court ruling prohibiting   prayer in public schools, her “little old ladies in tennis shoes,” as some called them, went from ringing doorbells for Goldwater to serving as foot soldiers for the “Reagan revolution. ” “Schlafly had discovered a genuine populist sentiment in a large female population that opposed the E. R. A. feminism and modern liberalism with the same intensity of emotion that feminists brought to their cause,” Donald T. Critchlow wrote in “Phyllis Schlafly and Grassroots Conservatism: A Woman’s Crusade” (2005). Without her and her followers, Mr. Critchlow said, the conservative intellectuals, research organizations and foundations that are often credited with reshaping the contours of American politics might have failed. The conservative theorist and organizer Paul Weyrich said that Mrs. Schlafly “dressed up the conservative movement for success at a time when absolutely no one thought we could win. ” Even liberals conceded her impact. “If political influence consists in transforming this huge and cantankerous country in one’s preferred direction,” the political scientist Alan Wolfe wrote in The New Republic in 2005, “Schlafly has to be regarded as one of the two or three most important Americans of the last half of the 20th century”  —   although he hastened to add that “every idea she ever had was scatterbrained, dangerous and hateful. ” For all her political heft, it was Phyllis Schlafly the person who often animated discussion. With her pearls, perfect posture and Daughters of the American Revolution pedigree, she basked in depictions of herself as the perfect wife and mother. She let it drop that she   all six of her babies and that she had taught all her children to read before they started school. Feminists said it was her husband’s wealth  —   he was a lawyer from a rich Illinois family  —   that had liberated her to politick. Her energy was formidable. She wrote or edited more than 20 books, published an influential monthly newsletter beginning in 1967, appeared daily on nearly 500 radio stations and delivered regular commentaries on CBS television in the 1970s and CNN in the ’80s. In 1972, she formed a volunteer organization called Stop ERA, which three years later became the Eagle Forum, to coordinate her campaigns. In 1975, when she was living in Alton, Ill. Mrs. Schlafly announced to her family at dinner that she was going to enter law school at Washington University in nearby St. Louis. Her husband, by her account, disapproved of the idea at first, and she abandoned it, only to resurrect it when he changed his mind. She received her law degree in 1978, ranked 27th in a class of 186, and passed the Illinois bar a few months later. Some opponents called Mrs. Schlafly a hypocrite for pursuing so energetic a career while championing traditional female roles. She replied by calling her political career “a hobby” and saying she would never offer an opinion on whether women should or should not work outside the home. Other detractors, like Karen DeCrow, a former president of the National Organization for Women, praised Mrs. Schlafly even as they castigated her politics. “She’s an extremely liberated woman,” Ms. DeCrow said in an interview with Carol Felsenthal for her book “The Sweetheart of the Silent Majority: The Biography of Phyllis Schlafly” (1981). “She sets out to do something and she does it. To me, that’s liberation. ” Still, Mrs. Schlafly’s pronouncements drove her antagonists to distraction, though they suspected that her biting language was calculated precisely to provoke their outrage. She said that “sexual harassment on the job is not a problem for virtuous women” and that “  classes are like   sales parties for abortions. ” She called the atom bomb “a marvelous gift that was given to our country by a wise God. ” In 1980, a protester threw an apple pie in her face at a Women’s National Republican Club reception in New York, painfully scratching an eye. But Mrs. Schlafly was never outwardly ruffled. When Ms. Friedan, during a debate at Indiana University in 1973, recommended that she burn at the stake, Mrs. Schlafly replied in an even voice that she was pleased Ms. Friedan had said that because, she said, the comment had made it plain to the audience just how intolerant “intemperate, agitating proponents of the E. R. A. ” were. She was born Phyllis McAlpin Stewart on Aug. 15, 1924, in St. Louis, the oldest of two daughters of the former Odile Dodge, a teacher with two college degrees, and John Bruce Stewart, a machinist and industrial equipment salesman who was 17 years his wife’s senior. Fired by Westinghouse at the onset of the Depression, Mr. Stewart was never quite able to put the family’s finances back together. In 1944, he won a patent for a rotary car engine, of the type the Japanese automaker Mazda later sold, but it went nowhere. Despite his hardships, Mr. Stewart remained a staunch Republican, fiercely opposed to the New Deal. Mrs. Stewart, who was ambitious for her daughters, supported the family with a series of jobs: department store saleswoman, elementary school teacher and librarian at the St. Louis Art Museum. In her spare time, she wrote a book on the history of St. Louis. Ms. Felsenthal suggested in her book that Mrs. Schlafly’s impatience with women who denigrated homemaking stemmed in part from her mother’s wish that she could have kept house and worked for good causes rather than report for work six days a week. Phyllis Stewart attended Maryville College of the Sacred Heart in St. Louis (now Maryville University) and transferred to Washington University. She had no time for friends, dates or sororities, she wrote instead, as a student, she worked nights at a munitions factory   guns. Even so, she managed to graduate Phi Beta Kappa in only three years, at 19. She won a scholarship to study political science at Radcliffe, and earned a master’s degree there in nine months. Her politics were middle of the road at first. In 1940, she supported the moderate Republican Wendell Willkie in his bid to deny President Franklin D. Roosevelt a third term, and in graduate school she wrote papers supporting an active United Nations. Her ambition was to work for the federal government in Washington. When no government jobs turned up, she found a spot at a conservative think tank, the American Enterprise Association, the forerunner of the American Enterprise Institute. Educating herself in conservative philosophy, she submitted articles against the New Deal to Redbook and other magazines, but they were rejected. In 1946, she returned to St. Louis to work on the successful congressional campaign of Claude I. Bakewell, a Republican. After that, she worked as a librarian and researcher at a bank and, at 24, met John Fred Schlafly Jr. a    lawyer and politically engaged conservative from an Alton family that had made its money in banking and industry. They were married on Oct. 20, 1949. At the ceremony, Mrs. Schlafly said, she did not promise to obey, only to cherish. But she delighted in portraying herself as a traditional wife, even as she kept to a hectic pace of travel, writing, speaking and campaigning after her oldest child turned 18 months. “I want to thank my husband, Fred, for letting me come here” was a favorite opening for speeches. (“I like to say that,” she said, “because I know it irritates women’s libbers more than anything else. ”) But the writer Gail Sheehy suggested that Mrs. Schlafly had used marriage to liberate herself from paying jobs. “Phyllis Schlafly’s formula for the better life, then, is based on marrying a rich professional, climbing the pedestal to lady of leisure and pulling up the rope ladder behind her,” Ms. Sheehy wrote in The New York Times in 1980. Mrs. Schlafly was introduced to electoral politics in 1952, after Republicans had asked her husband to run for Congress. When he turned them down, Mrs. Schlafly, who was 27, volunteered in his stead. She won the Republican primary but lost the general election. That experience, she said, helped her overcome her natural shyness, and she went on to make dozens of speeches in Illinois as an officer of the Daughters of the American Revolution and to start building a national network of conservative friends. She was the president of the Illinois Federation of Republican Women from 1956 to 1964. In 1958, she and her husband started the Cardinal Mindszenty Foundation  —   named for the Roman Catholic leader who was tortured and imprisoned by Hungarian Communists  —   to educate Catholics on the dangers of Communism. Beginning in 1962, she hosted a   radio show on national security called “America Wake Up. ” It was carried by 25 Illinois stations. The Schlaflys’ politics were concentrated on the external threat posed by Communism, not the crusade against domestic Communist infiltration led by Senator Joseph R. McCarthy of Wisconsin. They opposed summit meetings and limits on nuclear testing and favored a constitutional amendment to prevent the president from negotiating international treaties. Many members of the Mindszenty Foundation were also members of the ultraright John Birch Society, and its founder, Robert Welch, once called Mrs. Schlafly “one of our most loyal members. ” The Schlaflys denied they were members. In 1964, Mrs. Schlafly was an active supporter of Goldwater’s presidential campaign. In her     book promoting his candidacy, “A Choice Not an Echo,” she contended that Republican presidential nominations were rigged by “secret kingmakers. ” By some estimates, the book sold as many as 3. 5 million copies. Writing in The New Yorker in 2005, Elizabeth Kolbert said the book “mixed fact, sensational accusations, commonsensical truths, and elaborate conspiracy theories into a compelling but evidently bogus narrative. ” Mrs. Schlafly became closely identified with Goldwater’s landslide defeat in 1964, and in 1967 she lost a bitter campaign for the presidency of the National Federation of Republican Women. Another run for Congress, from another Illinois district, in 1970, also ended in defeat. During much of the 1960s and ’70s, Mrs. Schlafly wrote books about national defense issues, often working with Chester Ward, a retired Navy admiral. Their “Kissinger on the Couch” (1975) begins with a proposition: “Suppose that Henry Kissinger is, in the common parlance, ‘some kind of nut or something. ’” In more than 800 pages, they argued that he was. Mrs. Schlafly hardly noticed the Equal Rights Amendment when it was first debated in Congress. Her initial inclination was to support it, as “something between innocuous and mildly helpful,” she told Ms. Felsenthal. But when, in December 1971, a friend asked her to debate a feminist on the amendment, she read up on the issue and decided that the E. R. A. was dangerous and needed to be stopped. It had already passed the House. The next October, Mrs. Schlafly founded and appointed herself chairwoman of Stop ERA, the volunteer organization that became the Eagle Forum. The “stop” was an acronym for “stop taking our privileges,” effectively summarizing the position of the amendment’s opponents. They worried that earlier laws written to protect women  —   guaranteeing alimony and exempting women from combat, for instance  —   would be jettisoned. “I simply didn’t believe we needed a constitutional amendment to protect women’s rights,” Mrs. Schlafly told The Times in 2006. “I knew of only one law that was discriminatory toward women, a law in North Dakota stipulating that a wife had to have her husband’s permission to make wine. ” Proponents of the amendment have said that even though courts and legislatures have set aside statutes that discriminate based on sex, the amendment would still retain symbolic importance. Mrs. Schlafly’s followers only grew in number after the Supreme Court legalized abortion in 1973, an issue that social conservatives saw as a further erosion of the country’s moral values. After her husband died in 1993, Mrs. Schlafly moved from their limestone house on the bluffs of the Mississippi River in Alton to a brick   house in the suburbs of St. Louis, where the Eagle Forum has its headquarters. Mrs. Schlafly is survived by six children, 16 grandchildren and three  . Her son John gained attention in 1992 when a gay activist revealed that he was homosexual. Mrs. Schlafly said she considered the disclosure a deliberate attempt to embarrass her. The revelation did not alter her disapproval of gay marriage. In 2010, she said of gay couples: “Nobody’s stopping them from shacking up. The problem is that they are trying to make us respect them, and that’s an interference with what we believe. ” (John Schlafly defended his mother and refused to repudiate Republican politicians, like Pat Robertson, who had condemned homosexuality. “Family values people” are “not out to bash gays,” he said.) Mrs. Schlafly maintained an energetic pace into advanced age. In 2011, she spoke out for “shotgun marriages” as the solution to unwanted pregnancies. Even as supporters of the Equal Rights Amendment tried to revive it, Mrs. Schlafly strove to make sure it stayed dead. In March of this year, she endorsed Donald J. Trump for president, saying he had “the courage and the energy” to do “what the   want him to do. ” In her 2006 interview with The Times, she attributed the improvement in women’s lives in the 20th century not to feminism but to   devices like the indoor clothes dryer and paper diapers. “Feminism has changed the way women think, and it has changed the way men think,” she said, “but the trouble is, it hasn’t changed the attitudes of babies at all. ”",0
7775,SORE LOSER: George Soros Declares War On America As Violent MoveOn.Org Protests Fill The Streets,"  SORE LOSER: George Soros Declares War On America As Violent MoveOn.Org Protests Fill The Streets Hillary Clinton supporters were filmed setting fire to the US flag while marching through the streets of Portland, Oregon. Footage also emerged of activists setting tyres and rubbish bins on fire, blocking main roads and lighting flares. People also burned an effigy of the President-elect, who will be officially sworn into office in January.   10, 2016 As Donald Trump totally destroyed the Hillary Clinton political machine, George Soros radical pro-amnesty liberals started riots in California. 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Former teenage Nazi George Soros spent tens of millions of his ill-gotten gain to try and stop Donald Trump from winning, but to no avail. His handpicked puppet Crooked Hillary was roundly rejected by the American people. So naturally, if you’re George Soros, the only thing left to do is pay unemployed liberals and leftists to march in the streets, spouting filthy curses while burning the American flag. 
Crowds of angry protesters have taken to streets across the United States chanting “ Not Our President ” while setting fires and smashing windows. Hundreds of people descended on California minutes after it was announced that Donald Trump had won the election . George Soros Leftists burn American flag: 
GRAPHIC WARNING: As is usual with George Soros people, there is foul language in this video. 
Hillary Clinton supporters were filmed setting fire to the US flag while marching through the streets of Portland, Oregon, shouting “F*** Donald Trump”. Footage also emerged of activists setting tyres and rubbish bins on fire, blocking main roads and lighting flares. People also burned an effigy of the President-elect, who will be officially sworn into office in January. Hillary supporters burn US flag after Trump wins presidency: 
GRAPHIC WARNING: As is usual with George Soros people, there is foul language in this video. MoveOn.org released the following press release Wednesday afternoon: 
Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday’s presidential election. The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump’s bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible. Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon. WHAT: Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity, resistance, and resolve nationwide WHEN / WHERE: Find local gatherings here . Major gatherings include in New York City’s Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington, DC . RSVP: Please email press@moveon.org to confirm attendance. “This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it’s here,” MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. “The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.” source  ",0
7776,Why veterans are underrepresented in Congress,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Why veterans are underrepresented in Congress By Arnaldo Rodgers on October 30, 2016 veterans 
By Rebecca Burgess, Gary J. Schmitt 
George Washington’s assertion that “When we assumed the Soldier, we did not lay aside the Citizen” is justly famous for capturing the traditional attitude of the American citizen-soldier. While the nation at times has requested or required that citizens to fulfill the highest form of civic duty, there have always been individuals who have voluntarily donned its uniform. Viewing military service as a form of public service, many, not surprisingly, have followed their days in the military by pursuing other forms of civic service, notably in the halls of government. 
Although American democracy demands a military-civilian divide in regard to political power, voters have shown they are comfortable with electing officials with military service on their resume. Indeed, despite the colonists’ Revolutionary-era complaints about the British conflating military and political power, of the first 25 men to become president, 21 had military experience. 
Read the Full Article at www.aei.org >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on October 30, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
7777,Taliban Strike German Consulate in Afghan City of Mazar-i-Sharif - The New York Times,"KUNDUZ, Afghanistan  —   Taliban insurgents struck at the German Consulate in the northern commercial hub of    late Thursday night, killing at least two people and wounding at least 90, Afghan officials said. Sayid Sarwar Hussaini, spokesman for the regional police zone in northern Afghanistan, said that there were two large explosions at the Mazar Hotel, which German diplomats have been using as their consulate in the city. A suicide car bomb apparently initiated the attack at the compound’s security wall, followed by gunfire and an explosion inside the hotel. The provincial police force issued a statement saying that no German Consulate personnel had been hurt, and that the police had cleared the consulate of attackers. Mirwais Rabee, the head of the public health department in Balkh Province, which includes    said that the casualties had been transferred to the regional hospital there. A Taliban spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, called the attack a reprisal for airstrikes in Kunduz this week. German troops have been based in northern Afghanistan for years. After the end of the formal NATO combat mission in 2015, roughly 1, 000 German service members have remained at a multinational military base near    mostly responsible for training and supporting Afghan security forces. A spokesman for the German special forces command at its headquarters in Potsdam, Germany, said that Afghan police forces responded and fought with Taliban attackers soon after the initial bombing outside the consulate. He said that soldiers from the military base nearby also came to the scene. Even as the Taliban have pushed major offensives in Afghanistan in recent years, including in the nearby northern city of Kunduz, attacks have been relatively rare in   .",0
7778,Samantha Bee: ’Democrats Suck at Voting’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday, TBS “Full Frontal” host Samantha Bee slammed Democrats for their poor turnout at the polls, despite being all about #TheResistance, saying, “Democrats suck at voting. ”  In her monologue, Bee exclaimed, “It’s not enough just to yell your opinions  —   that’s my job! You need to vote. ” “For all their passion and earnestness and mad crafting skills, Democrats suck at voting, especially when it counts the most,” she later said. Bee then urged viewers to get out and vote for Democrats in their congressional elections. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
7779,Internet at Risk! Don't Trust those With Good Intentions to Ruin Liberty.,"Internet at Risk! Don't Trust those With Good Intentions to Ruin Liberty. # Edward777 0 
People are worried about young people's access to porn on the internet. People are often dismayed at bullying and general mean commentary in forums and social media. However, is it a good idea to limit internet freedom to solve these problems? Do we really want to go down that dangerous road of requiring an ID number to log onto the internet? Do we really trust the government with the right to ban us if we say something the government objects to? Tags",0
7780,Why Hillary Clinton Will Appoint Old World Nationalists to Cabinet Positions and the Quasi-Legal Coup-Hillary Clinton Information Operations In Election 2016 | The Vineyard of the Saker,"Saker Message: No current Saker messages. Why Hillary Clinton Will Appoint Old World Nationalists to Cabinet Positions and the Quasi-Legal Coup-Hillary Clinton Information Operations In Election 2016 3178 Views November 07, 2016 19 Comments Analyses The Saker 
by GH Eliason 
Whether you are for Hillary Clinton or against her, the problem with Hillary Clinton isn’t her lack of experience. Almost the entire political establishment is behind her. Throughout all the bumps and scandal in this whole election cycle, Republicans and former presidents are coming out of the woodwork supporting her. According to the LA Times she may well be one of the most experienced candidates in US history, while even accounting for severe conflicts of interest inside the Clinton Foundation. Neither friend or foe doubt Hillary Clinton’s experience after 30 years in politics. 
The problem is even Hillary Clinton’s friends say she has a history of acting without thinking, of making bad decisions. According to Neera Tanden : “Almost no one knows better than me that her instincts can be terrible.” 
Does Hillary Clinton show bad instincts and terrible decision-making skills, and if she does, how will this affect the USA? 
According to journalist Robert Parry “the people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe “This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East… Taken together, the studies and reports call for more aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe.”One of the lead organizations revving up these military adventures and also counting on a big boost in military spending under President Clinton-45 is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO that has been pushing for a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia.” 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC which is associated with NATO. The CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) has only one goal. At the beginning of the presidential campaign they put out a small list of questions for the candidates to decide who they would support for the president. 
The first question was essentially “Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has answered that question and received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. Who is the CEEC? 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
If that seems a little too much to be believable, reconsider the Iraq war. All it took was for the Iraqi diaspora to develop strong ties with like-minded people from “The Project for the New American Century” that wanted regime change in Iraq. Many of the people associated with the PNAC crossed over into the Bush administration . They pushed the invasion together. 
“ Walt Vanderbush’s essay, “The Iraqi Diaspora and the US Invasion of Iraq” (chapter 9), traces the collaboration between leaders of the Iraqi diaspora and neoconservative Americans, many of them linked to the Iraqi National Congress (INC) and the Project for the New American Century (PNAC), to convince the US government to wage war and bring about “regime change” in Iraq… The INC claimed credit for placing 108 articles in the news media, including the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Times (of London), during a nine-month period before the war.” 
It wasn’t terror, Osama, or even oil that the Iraq war was fought for. It was a guy named Ahmed Chalabi who was the only victor of the Iraq war. 
American-emigre groups use their strategically settled populations in key battleground states, deep pockets, and unbridled political ambition to gain control over their home “old” countries. Even more insidious is the influence they exert over the United States to destroy old enemies. 
Do we want senior cabinet and policy positions filled by people that think starting WWIII is a good goal? Let’s take a look at the make-up and politics of some of these. 
Starting at the top let’s look at the Ukrainian emigres which lead the CEEC and the Atlantic Council. One thing anyone represented by the UCCA (Ukrainian Congressional Committee of America) or the UWC (Ukrainian World Congress) has in common is Axis-political heritage and beliefs. The OUN is the political grouping of Ukrainian nationalists and it would vote for Adolf Hitler if he was running in a heartbeat. 
Unless real Nazi political views (not neo-nazi) found a way to survive all these years with this group of people, the statement is just insulting. Anyone reading should be insulted because that level of offensiveness in a politically charged environment is wrong. 
Nazism or Axis-Nazism are political beliefs and principles that structure your government the same as Republican or Democratic control would. The only difference is the “ism.” The “ism” means everything you do in your life revolves around your politic so it’s not just political or social guides or guidelines. It’s your lifestyle and everything wraps around it. Anything or anyone that goes against it is an enemy of the state, and it is personal. 
From their own words in the Ukrainian Weekly, real, active political Nazi’s are alive, kickin’ and ready for a Clinton win! It is the sheer number of groups self-identifying as practicing real Nazi beliefs in the US gaining policy and cabinet positions under a Clinton win that is incredible. 
The Ukrainian World Congress with its affiliates in over 40 countries and others work tirelessly in trying to keep Ukraine and the Ukrainian spirit front and center. 
“We have had a minister of finance, Natalka Jaresko, in the Cabinet. We now have Ulana Suprun as acting minister of health. We have many from the diaspora assisting with strategizing, reforming and supporting the overall cause. We have a highly successful program in Patriot Defence. We are out to change the way business is done. 
Unity to act when required has been the diaspora’s mantra – this cannot be disputed. 
As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
With all you’ve heard about Stepan Bandera’s OUN since the Maidan coup in Ukraine, I’ll bet you didn’t know they call New York, Chicago, Boston, and Philadelphia home. 
The UCCA and the UWC still celebrate their Nazi SS because they are still Axis-nazis. The OUN were the vile Holocaust murderers during and after WWII and their politics live on in their children today. This is no different from the children of other Waffen-SS leaders or if Hitler had surviving children that stood up and ran other countries based in Hitler’s policy. These American kids are sent to Ukraine to learn how to copy and act like Stepan Bandera before they come back to America and get involved in policy making. 
“ OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools(MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000’s enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like David Duke who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
While American media criticizes David Duke’s support for Donald Trump, they say nothing about Hillary’s strongest supporters hiring David Duke as a professor to teach their children college level history. Is Hillary Clinton too far right for David Duke? After all, he has no plans to conquer Russia. 
When you look at her campaign coffers and the most active political activists supporting Hillary Clinton, many are groups whose politics are not republican or democrat, but old-world nationalist. They are spread across America and still idolize their Waffen SS heroes, literally. They have statues and holidays and children’s groups across America in cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago celebrating some of the vilest mass murderers in history. And they teach their children to idolize them and grow up using them as role models. They also bring up their children in the same political mold of ultra-nationalism. 
Now they want an America that will do the same. Over the last 30 years, the old world nationalists have moved into media and policy positions to make this happen. If that wasn’t enough they control a 20 million person bloc vote in key states and swing states in important cities across America. 
I am not using the word nazi as an insult, this isn’t neo-nazi or even a nazi revival. These groups have been the most extreme political activists in the USA over the last 50 years and are a continuation of what their parents were in the 1930’s. In their own words, they never assimilated into American culture. They assimilated the culture to them. In the words of the CIA, they are political animals. Today, their wagons are circled around a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
The OUN were the guards at the Holocaust prison camps, Waffen SS, and volunteer brigades that were famous for torture and murder. In Ukraine, they killed over 3 million people and conducted the first act of Holocaust at Babi Yar. 
The funny part if there was one is that with every fiber of your being, you want to argue against these facts. The OUN on the other hand featured at least one of my articles on their rise in American politics even though I called them devils. The fact they find me credible shouldn’t get lost on you. 
When these good friends of Hillary Clinton from the CEEC start getting tapped for advisory posts, and cabinet positions through the Atlantic Council or Project for a new American Century, will they automatically become Democrats or Republicans? 
Does America want a war with Russia so the losers of WWII can settle old scores? 
For the first time, under a Clinton presidency, America will have unbridled Axis-nazis/old world nationalists/ nazis in most of the cabinet and policy positions. They are getting the positions because they are delivering donations, bloc votes, political propaganda, and hard activism in battleground states. 
The results for the Clinton campaign in emigre dominated states is the same as it was when they first got together. Clinton is up by 11 points in important emigre bloc voting districts. 
…In last month’s heavily publicized Pennsylvania Senate race. Ukrainian and Baltic groups, protesting the administration’s attempts to prevent the break-up of the USSR, supported the Democratic candidate, Harris Wofford. This position contributed to the defeat of Dick Thornburgh, a former attorney general in the Bush administration….”The Ukrainian Weekly, December 8, 1991, No. 49, Vol. LIX 
In a Ukraine Weekly interview with candidate Bill Clinton-“For the last 40 years, many Ukrainians have been supporters of the Republican Party. However, Mr. Bush severely damaged his relations with Ukrainians with his “Chicken Kiev” speech, and by his unwillingness to see Ukraine’s point of view in disputes with Russia. How will your party seek to secure the goodwill of voters concerned by this issue?” … 
Clinton’s answer…“The Bush administration has had a spotty record abroad…including the president’s insulting warning against “suicidal nationalism” made before proindependence forces in Kiev in the summer of 1991 — and a failed economic record at home. We hope Ukrainian Americans will join our effort to put people first.” – Interview with Candidate Bill Clinton-Ukrainian Weekly Issue 43, 1992 
In what has become the ultimate pay to play scheme, the Clinton’s gave over Ukraine to OUNb nationalists to run as they saw fit. This was payment for political support and bloc votes that won the 1992 elections for Bill Clinton. American citizens were given a country to run and represent in any manner they chose to do it. 
According to Ukrainian nationalist scholar Taras Kuzio , the Axis- nazi political beliefs started to be taught to children in Ukraine after the OUNb took the reins. This was the preparation for what would become a nationalist coup in 2014 Ukraine. 
This pattern follows the Clinton-NATO expansion and every CEE (Central and Eastern European) country freed by the Clintons followed suit. In Croatia, Croatian-Americans have more parliamentary seats and representation than any group from Croatia. 
Other than American-emigre groups gaining rule and representing the “home country” in the US, there is only one other universal factor each of them revived. Axis- nazi politics and political views became normal in their home countries. In Croatia, they even revived the Waffen SS Battalions. 
The people at the CEEC are behind the Atlantic Council and PNAC will be making the domestic and foreign policy decisions in a Clinton administration. While I would not call Hillary Clinton a Nazi, the people she surrounds herself with actively are. There is very little doubt that Victoria Nuland, a Ukrainian-American brought up in these beliefs will be Secretary of State under a Clinton Administration. 
To get an understanding of what that means, the same people that are deciding Ukrainian domestic and foreign policy will be sending their people to those cabinet positions. 
The one thing for sure is even publications that support her candidacy wonder about Hillary Clinton’s lack of judgment and surrounding herself with nationalist war-hawks that want war with Russia. 
According to the WEEK “At first, Obama went over the top of public opinion to avenge American honor against ISIS. Slowly, America’s mission has crept to include some form of regime change with the ouster of Assad. Now Clinton is selling the American people on greater military interventions so that the U.S. can challenge Putin. Clinton seems unable to distinguish between what is of vital interest to the Russians and peripheral interest to America. She combines this with her bias toward always taking action — of any sort, for good or ill. The combination is dangerous.” 
The article ends in the hope that Clinton is once again lying. Both current president Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to sell America on the idea that there are moderates fighting a civil war in Syria. We are arming and training them. Are there moderates in Syria worth supporting? Do we have any business there to begin with? The article goes as far as stating the US is determined to overthrow every country that is friendly to Russia. 
Right now Clinton wants to establish a no-fly-zone to protect her moderates. Who are they? US Special Forces on the ground are adamant that Clinton wants to give US military support to ISIS even if it means starting an open war with Russia. 
“ Nobody believes in it. You’re like, ‘Fuck this,’” a former Green Beret says of America’s covert and clandestine programs to train and arm Syrian militias. “Everyone on the ground knows they are jihadis. No one on the ground believes in this mission or this effort, and they know they are just training the next generation of jihadis, so they are sabotaging it by saying, ‘Fuck it, who cares?’” “I don’t want to be responsible for Nusra guys saying they were trained by Americans,” the Green Beret added. 
Since 2014, Ukraine has fully supported al Nusra and at the beginning of the civil war pulled 200 ISIS fighters to the Ukrainian front lines. These fighters are jihadis from Crimea. They have also set up an ISIS training camp near Mariupol. Like all other volunteers, they don’t receive government support and rob to make a living. 
Before this, the Kosovo example looms large. Does inviting indicted mass murderers and people preparing for illegal organ trade (crimes against humanity) trials to your national party convention as special guests qualify as good judgment? Does it showcase Hillary Clinton’s good instincts to be president? 
Welcome to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton’s special guest from Kosovo took time-out from preparing for his crimes against humanity case to give support and wish her well. 
“Invited as a guest to the 2016 Democratic National Convention is none other than Kadri Veseli, the Speaker of the Kosovo Assembly. Veseli is a former Kosovar Albanian leader of the KLA and its spy organization SHIK. He’s being indicted along with the current president of Kosovo, Hashim Thaci for small things like organ trafficking and crimes against humanity .’ 
The main witness against Clinton friends, Veseli and Thaci, is a man that was ordered to cut the heart out of another man that was begging for mercy. In a 1998 interview with the BBC , US special envoy to the Balkans, Robert Gelbard had this to say about Veseli and Thaci; “I know a terrorist when I see one and these men are terrorists.” 
Clinton’s relationship with the Albanian and Kosovo killers stretches back to the first Clinton election in 1992. During the campaign season the Clinton duo found out quickly how powerful the emigre national vote was in America. In one fell swoop, the Albanians and the KLA after them went from what the USA definitely recognized as Islamic terrorists to victims we were going to war for. 
The Clinton humanitarian bombing in the Balkans drove victims into the waiting clutches of the KLA, and the spread of Islamic terrorism worldwide. 
In what became her first executive decision, first lady, Hillary Clinton brow-beat the unwilling president Clinton into bombing the Balkans and creating a humanitarian catastrophe. Today, as a result of this, ISIS is setting up training camps in what is widely referred to as Clinton country. 
“On the territory of Kosovo and Metohija, the local police detained three militants of so-called “Islamic State” (a terrorist organization banned in Russia), is going to organize a series of terrorist attacks in Serbia.” Terrorists LIH (IGIL/ISIS) break through the Balkans to Western Europe March 2016 
Clinton’s jihadi bloc vote in America remains central to her winning this election along with the rest of the CEEC. Does America want people advising the president that openly support genocide like the Kosovars, Albanians, or Ukrainians? 
Hillary Clinton is not an Islamist. Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But the question remains. Why is she surrounded by and listening to people that are? Is that her best judgment? 
The Quasi-Legal Coup-Hillary Clinton Information Operations In Election 2016 
“The purpose of ” Inform and Influence Operations” is not to provide a perspective, opinion, or lay out a policy. It is defined as the ability to make audiences “think and act” in a manner favorable to the mission objectives. This is done through applying perception management techniques which target the audiences emotions, motives, and reasoning. 
These techniques are not geared for debate. It is to overwhelm and change the target psyche. 
Using these techniques information sources can be manipulated and those that write, speak, or think counter to the objective are relegated as propaganda, ill-informed, or irrelevant.” 
What if the strife, rumor, and clamor were part and parcel of an Inform and Influence Operation against Americans to determine the election outcome? Bear with me for a moment as I lay out the proofs. The quote above is from an early 2015 article with the practitioner showing what it could look like in the civilian world. 
” What would we do? Disrupt, deny, degrade, deceive, corrupt, usurp or destroy the information. The information, please don’t forget, is the ultimate objective of cyber. That will directly impact the decision-making process of the adversary’s leader who is the ultimate target.” – Joel Harding 
IO or IIO (Inform and Influence Operations) as defined by the US Army includes the fields of psychological operations and military deception. All of this is used in the civilian world the same way by private contractors. 
In this election, private contractors were hired to focus their capacity to influence the American population. This is proven and you deserve a step by step look at it if you are voting. 
What Project Veritas shows is damning evidence of what I have been documenting in the emigre series articles since spring 2016. 
By using mainstream media, they started an integrated approach which includes influencing their political opponent’s decision making. Media is given messages that follow the same themes and fill the entire information space by using an across the board effort. The effort drowns out any other message. 
According to the Observer, this has been happening throughout the election cycle to benefit Hillary Clinton. “ Rather than informing voters to enrich democracy , the mainstream media has developed a feedback loop between support for particular candidates and the political agenda they intend to support. The freedom of the press is necessary for a democracy to function.” The article further points out that it was the media that helped rig the primaries against Bernie Sanders. 
Wikileaks has clearly shown the interplay between mainstream media and the Clinton campaign. And they have shown clearly that most of the mainstream media are working to influence the election . This goes beyond partisan electioneering. All of this follows the exact pattern, a well planned Information Operation against the American public . 
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was also the Ex-Officio Board Member of the BBG . The BBG (Broadcasting Board of Governors) run RFE/RL (Radio Free Europe/ Radio Liberty). Most of the 8-member board, appointed by the President of the United States, are the who’s who of powerful media moguls in film, news, print, and radio. Appointment to the BBG is like being awarded an ambassador position for the media industry. It’s also why big media carries the same line or themes. 
The 7th member of the board of directors which runs RFE/RL is Mathew Armstrong . He is a longtime friend and mentor to retired Brigadier general Joel Harding. He provides Harding a lot of access and influence in media. Armstrong’s background is public relations. He is an expert in IO and IIO operations. His bio: Author, lecturer, and strategist on public diplomacy and international media . He has worked on traditional and emerging security issues with both civilian and military government agencies, news organizations, think tanks, and academia across several continents. 
In what appears to be a conflict of interest, at least two BBG board members are working actively for the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. 
Karen Kornbluh is helping refine and to get Hillary Clinton’s message out. ” All of them are names to watch if Clinton wins — and key jobs at the FCC and other federal agencies are up for grabs.” 
According to her bio : Karen founded the New America Foundation’s Work and Family Program and is a senior fellow for Digital Policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Karen has written extensively about technology policy, women, and family policy for The Atlantic , The New York Times and The Washington Post . New York Times columnist David Brooks cited her Democracy article “Families Valued,” focused on “juggler families” as one of the best magazine articles of 2006. 
Michael Kempner is the founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of MWW Group, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, and may get a greater role if she is elected . Kempner is a member of the Public Relations Hall of Fame. Michael Kempner hired Anthony Weiner after the sexting scandal broke in 2011. 
Jeff Shell, chairman of the BBG and Universal Filmed Entertainment is supporting a secondary role by being an honor roll donor to the Atlantic Council . While the BBG is supposed to be neutral it has continuously helped increase tensions in Eastern Europe. While giving to the Atlantic Council may not be illegal while in his position, currently, the Atlantic Council’s main effort is to ignite a war with Russia. This may set up a major conflict of interest. 
According to journalist Robert Parry “The people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe “This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East.” 
Parry goes on to say that at the forefront of this is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO. Their main goal is a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia. 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) which is associated with NATO. The CEEC has only one goal. The question to candidates that mattered is “Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
While the rest of the BBG board support Clinton’s proposed policy of closing Syrian airspace, the CEEC wants it because it will mean direct conflict with Russia. Hillary Clinton’s first foray into Islamic politics led to genocide and made the way for ISIS setting up training camps in Kosovo. Hillary Clinton has been friendly with jihadists for as long as she has had a national political career. According to US Special Forces on the ground in Syria training the moderates, there are NO moderates to train . 
Green Berets are forced to train jihadis that they know will eventually attack us. Support our troops? Give them good, honorable missions. They deserve better, don’t they? 
As you go through the above links, the information is staggering. Shown are large groups of people strategically located in swing states that will do anything to get her elected. The question is why? 
Politically, we have a two party system. If you say you are Republican, people have at least a general idea of what you mean. For Democrats, it’s no different. There are different kinds of politics that fit easily under each umbrella. But the point is they are recognizable and we know where they stand on issues. 
Tell me, what are OUNb beliefs? OUNb is a political party and set of beliefs just like Republican or Democrat. The reason I am asking is that you can’t tell me. The odds are you haven’t heard about it before. When the Atlantic Council or The Project for the New American Century takes all the senior positions in the Clinton White House, it will be filled with OUNb and similar political partisans for the first time without dissenting voices. 
“Unity to act when required has been the diaspora’s mantra – this cannot be disputed . 
As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
The OUNb political party started under Stepan Bandera and their political beliefs are quite literally Nazi. In the 1930’s they swore undying loyalty to Adolf Hitler and the Diaspora was directing Waffen SS battalions from America secretly even as other Ukrainian emigres were fighting them. The UCCA is the head of OUNb thought in America and now they want America to celebrate their totalitarian beliefs with them. If you disagree with totalitarian politics, you are the enemy. After a brief description of what kind of beliefs the people have from the Atlantic Council that are taking up cabinet positions, the proof it is happening now follows. 
The OUNb were the SS that manned the concentration camps during the Holocaust. They successfully murdered 3 million war prisoners by starving them to death. The OUNb killed over 250,000 Jews, 500,000 Ukrainians, and committed the first Holocaust at Babi Yar. Today the UCCA is funding and running the volunteer battalions raping and killing in Donbass the same way. 
They and the other emigre group leaders are also behind buying the media headlines and reach, damage control, and the Information Operation against Americans today. If you want to know what American politics will look like within a few years, look at Ukraine. 
There are people who live abroad, who do not feel fully accepted as a minority, and here there is a phenomenon which I call long-distance nationalism. . .The members of the diaspora create for themselves an image of the home land, which is a stronger emotional investment than the country in which they live…One negative consequence of the diaspora experience is the emergence of what Ander-son calls non-responsible politics: diaspora participation in the politics in the country with which they identify can often be toxic, and their impact can be felt through the funding of particular political figures, nationalist propaganda, and even weapons…-Multiculturalism, memory, and ritualization: Ukrainian nationalist monuments in Edmonton, Alberta- Pers Anders Rudling 
With the field day the Emigres and paid media had with Donald Trump over David Duke, they forgot to tell you that Ukrainian emigres supporting Hillary Clinton hired Duke in Ukraine as a professor of history and sent their American kids to learn there. Almost all Ukrainian politicians have been through this fascist education system known as MAUP . The Ukrainian American and other likeminded ethnics are the people that will fill the senior foreign and domestic cabinet positions. 
“ OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools(MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000’s enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed into the hundreds of thousands. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like David Duke who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
“I do care about social and economic issues affecting every American, but given the war in Ukraine, there is only one issue that we as Ukrainian Americans must focus on: Ukraine . 
The Ukrainian issue “trumps” all other personal issues! 
A vote for Trump is a vote against Ukraine! 
When it comes to U.S. elections, Ukrainian Americans are a statistically minor, divided, unorganized voting group. The Central and East European Coalition is a coalition of U.S.-based organizations that represent their countries of heritage, a voting group of over 20 million people. The Ukrainian Congress Committee of America and the Ukrainian National Association are member organizations of the CEEC. Americans of East and Central European heritage can make a significant difference and influence the election result if their attention is focused.” Ukraine Weekly The Presidential Election: Can We Make A Difference 
Hillary Clinton’s response is she will defend Ukraine’s borders! Even though it has no eastern or northern border to defend. She has guaranteed to start a war with Russia if she is elected. 
Not only is Clinton buying the media through these second parties, but they are hiring professional, former military psyops professionals to deny pertinent information from voters and disrupt her political opponents message. At the same time, they are paying an across the board mainstream media to simultaneously publish articles and video that lift her campaign up, disrupt, destroy, and drown out alternate messages. 
Wikileaks noted this when it exposed the Clinton campaign’s program to incite violence and obfuscate the point. The Huffington Post example of this is” Editor’s note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar , rampant xenophobe , racist , misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S”. 
“ We understand the Clinton camp has hired beaucoup and Zwanzig (a lot) of trolls, we also understand the Kremlin has done the same. We just do not know if Trump has followed suit. From a counterintelligence perspective, this is confusing as heck. 
One of the really neat things about this election is seeing all my information operations and information warfare friends on social media, contributing and commenting, looking darned intelligent! Theirs is normally the voice of reason, maturity, and intelligence.” Joel Harding 
By systematically and continually attacking the voter’s psyche, Americans are being treated in the same way our government treats countries they overthrow . The right to make an informed vote has been denied to support any particular candidate. 
What does an Inform and Influence Operation entail against the American public? Read the following carefully. The term “anti-western” refers to anyone that disagrees with whom he is working for. In this case, he works for the Ukrainian Emigres. This also covers Syria. Every media outlet or journalist writing about these subjects that aren’t carrying the line he lays out is the enemy. These are the tactics being used today during the election. 
“I am building a database of planners , operators, logisticians, hackers, and anyone wanting to be involved with special activities I will call ‘inform and influence activities’. I have received a few different suggestions to help organize operations – of all sorts – against anti-Western elements. No government approval, assistance or funding. This skirts legalities. This is not explicitly illegal and it may not even be legal, at this point. That grey area extends a long way. I am only trying to assess the availability of people willing to participate in such efforts. Technology, equipment and facility offers are also appreciated. If you would like to be included in my database, please send a tailored resume to joel_harding@” 
If you don’t think this is possible , this has been going on around you for a long time. look at the credentials of retired Brigadier General Joel Harding and decide for yourself. But first look at what he promises he can do for you when you hire him. 
“ Information operations and warfare, also known as influence operations, includes the collection of tactical, operational and strategic information about a competitor as well as the dissemination of information and propaganda in pursuit of a competitive advantage over an competitor or adversary in the corporate, government or military realm. 
It is our job to maximize your advantages over your competitor while minimizing your competitor. We work on the national level down to the individual level. We seek to give you every advantage possible in order to advance your position, increase your reputation, and maximize your standing in your field.” 
“ Bio- Joel Harding spent 26 years in the Army ; his first nine years were spent as an enlisted soldier, mostly in Special Forces, as an SF qualified communicator and medic, on an A-Team. After completing his degree, Joel then received his commission as an Infantry Officer and after four years transitioned to the Military Intelligence Corps. 
In the mid 1990s, Joel was working in the Joint Staff J2 in support of special operations, where he began working in the new field called Information Operations. Eligible Receiver 1997 was his trial by fire, after that he became the Joint Staff J2 liaison for IO to the CIA, DIA, NSA, DISA and other assorted agencies in the Washington DC area, working as the intelligence lead on the Joint Staff IO Response Cell for Solar Sunrise and Moonlight Maze. Joel followed this by a tour at SOCCENT and then INSCOM, working in both IO and intelligence. 
Specializing in Russian Information Warfare for the past 30+ months. Consultant, advisor and subject matter expert on Information Operations, Strategic Communication and Public Diplomacy with more than 19 years practical, policy in IO, SC and PD. 35 years experience in broader defense and national security matters. I have lectured all over the world about Information Warfare and Cyberwar and have spoken at numerous conferences. I am currently focusing on the Ukraine/Russia information war with a simultaneous heavy emphasis on the accompanying hybrid war. I currently teach classes about Russian Information Warfare and a second class on Propaganda/Agitprop. Specialties: Information Operations/Information Warfare, Public Diplomacy, Strategic Communication, Counter-Disinformation, Electronic Warfare, Deception, Operational Security, Cyberwar, Intelligence, Special Forces and Special Operations. Primary author Ukraine National Strategy for Information Policy, submitted in 2015 and again in 2016.” 
With his resume, no guess work is needed to understand how effective his friends are. Before going further, ask yourself if this is what elections are supposed to be? 
As a litmus test take Hillary’s name out and put down what is known just through Wikileaks in a list. Put McCain’s name, Kucinich, Paul, Bush, and ask yourself would this be an acceptable candidate? Add what’s been shown here. Is there an acceptable candidate? 
If any of them would be acceptable, sorry like many others you drank the kool-aid already. 
“ I’ve seen how our heroes, activists , journalists, and celebrities have completely sold their souls to support something no person with an iota of morality would do. I’ve seen them say and do things to derail candidates who would have been a million times better for those less fortunate around us. It’s unfortunate most pretend to fight the establishment, to act like they love the people more than they love the struggle and the relevance that it brings them. I am not one of those and I won’t continue to be until the good Lord takes me.” Cesar Vargas 
Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But every position of relevance will be filled with people that really are political Nazis. They are technically integral nationalists. They look down on democracy in any form. At least now you know what kind of government you are voting for. 
Regardless of who wins, there are 2000 tanks, artillery, and rockets pointed my way, waiting for this election to be over. I am an American that lives in Donbass, and wrote many of the early breaking stories and much of the background about the conflict in Ukraine. 
If you cannot objectively look and see a more sophisticated version of what happened here through 2014 is going on, I can’t help you. Soon the OUNb will order the volunteer battalions to start killing civilians on a large scale again. I will go back to reporting on the war. 
If all these things weren’t being done, I would keep it simply about policy. Russia is not an enemy of the United States. Instead, I believe I am witnessing a quiet coup that demands legality in America. 
If this Information Operation is allowed to win the 2016 presidency, then elections are fruitless. Every other election will be based on the same strategy. They will have to be for any candidate to win. 
Your voice, your views, your informed choice will no longer matter. The IIO practitioner kills dissent. That’s their job. They’re only doing their job. 
The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 ",0
7781,Assad thanks Putin for assistance in fighting terrorism,"Assad thanks Putin for assistance in fighting terrorism 28 October 2016 TASS President Assad has instructed Walid Muallem to convey his gratitude to Vladimir Putin. Facebook putin , bashar al-assad , syria 
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad conveyed his gratitude to Russian President Vladimir Putin for his assistance in fighting terrorism, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem, who is on a visit to Moscow, stated during the talks with his Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov. 
""President Assad has instructed me to convey gratitude on behalf of the Syrian people and government to you and President Putin for your effective assistance in the fight against terrorism,"" Muallem said. 
""We are grateful to Russia for its effective assistance in the fight against terrorism,"" the diplomat said. 
""We seek to free our land from terrorists so we highly appreciate Russia and Iran’s efforts aimed at achieving this goal."" Ceasefire in Aleppo 
Damascus is ready to resume the ceasefire but only if there are guarantees that civilians will be able to leave the city, Muallem has noted. 
""Recently, we have made a decision to suspend hostilities in Aleppo. The ceasefire lasted for three days,"" Muallem said. 
""We are still ready to resume the ceasefire, but only with guarantees provided by the patrons of terrorists that the ceasefire will allow civilians leave the city."" 
First published by TASS .",0
7782,"I’m a Doctor. If I Drop Food on the Kitchen Floor, I Still Eat It. - The New York Times","You may have read or heard about the study debunking the   rule. It said that no matter how fast you pick up food that falls on the floor, you will pick up bacteria with it. Our continued focus on this threat has long baffled me. Why are we so worried about the floor? So many other things are more dangerous than that. I first became interested in the   rule years ago, when I was a   of a book on medical myths. We cited a number of studies showing that food that touched household surfaces  —   even for brief periods of time  —   could pick up bacteria or other harmful substances. This most recent study was similar in that it tested a variety of foods, a variety of substances, for various periods. And, like those other studies, this one found that food touching the floor, even for a very short amount of time, could pick up bacteria. There’s no magic period of time that prevents transmission. But even though I know bacteria can accumulate in less than five seconds, I will still eat food that has fallen on my kitchen floor. Why? Because my kitchen floor isn’t really that dirty. Our metric shouldn’t be whether there are more than zero bacteria on the floor. It should be how many bacteria are on the floor compared with other household surfaces. And in that respect, there are so many places in your house that pose more of a concern than the floor. Perhaps no one in the United States has spent more time investigating the occurrence of bacteria on public surfaces than Charles Gerba. He’s a professor of microbiology and environmental sciences at the University of Arizona, and he has published many papers on the subject. In 1998, he and his colleagues investigated how well cleaning products could reduce coliform bacteria counts on household surfaces. As part of that research, they measured various locations in the house before any cleaning. They found that the kitchen floor was likely to harbor, on average, about three colonies per square inch of coliform bacteria (2. 75 to be exact). So there are some. But here’s the thing  —   that’s cleaner than both the refrigerator handle (5. 37 colonies per square inch) and the kitchen counter (5. 75 colonies per square inch). We spend so much time worrying about what food might have picked up from the floor, but we don’t worry about touching the refrigerator. We also don’t seem as worried about food that touches the counter. But the counter is just as dirty, if not dirtier. The same thing happens in the bathroom. I know a lot of people who are worried about the toilet seat, but it’s cleaner than all the things in the kitchen I just mentioned (0. 68 colonies per square inch). What’s dirtier in the bathroom? Almost everything. The flush handle (34. 65 colonies per square inch) the sink faucet (15. 84 colonies per square inch) and the counter (1. 32 colonies per square inch). Things get dirty when lots of hands touch them and when we don’t think about it. We worry about the floor and the toilet seat, so we clean them more. We don’t think about the refrigerator handle or the faucet handle as much. If we carry this logic out further, there are things we handle a lot and never really clean. One study, for instance, found that about 95 percent of mobile phones carried by health care workers were contaminated with nosocomial bacteria. Of those contaminated with staph aureus, more than half were contaminated with methicillin resistant bacteria (MRSA). Think about how many people have handled the money in your wallet. A study of   bills found that 94 percent were colonized by bacteria, 7 percent of which were pathogenic to healthy people and 87 percent of which were pathogenic to people who were hospitalized or who had compromised immune systems. Where do you keep your money? In a wallet or purse? When did you last clean it? It’s probably filthy. I see people pay for food every day and then eat what they’re handed with no concern that the food might have been contaminated. And the money and the hands that just held it could be much dirtier than the floor. There are so many studies out there showing that things we touch every day are so, so dirty. Gas pump handles. A. T. M. buttons. Remote controls. Light switches. Computer keyboards. The dirtiest thing in your kitchen, by far, is likely to be the sponge you keep near the sink. Most people almost never wash or disinfect those sponges. Mr. Gerba found they had, on average, more than 20 million colonies per square inch. All of this should remind you that it’s always a good idea to wash your hands before you eat.   is still one of the best ways to prevent illness. People react to news like this in one of two ways. One is to become paranoid about everything. Such people start to clean compulsively, worry about all the things they’re touching, and use hand sanitizer obsessively. The alternative is to realize that for most of us, our immune systems are pretty hardy. We’ve all been touching this dirty stuff for a long time, without knowing it, and doing just fine. I clearly fall into the latter group. If I drop food on the floor, I still eat it. I do that because the harm I might get from the floor is not worth my concern compared with many, many other things. You may feel differently. Either way, make an informed judgment based on relative risks, not on any arbitrary span of time that one thing has been touching another.",0
7783,"Disappointing 2nd-Quarter Growth, Despite Strong Consumer Spending - The New York Times","The economic recovery may be durable, but it is anything but dynamic. Weighed down by anemic business spending, overstocked factories and warehouses, and a surprisingly weak housing sector, the American economy barely improved this spring after its usual winter doldrums. Consumer spending advanced at a robust pace, helping to sustain a modest growth rate of 1. 2 percent, but the gain was overshadowed by the poor showing in other sectors of the economy. The   quarter was the third consecutive period in which the economy advanced at less than a 2 percent annual rate, the weakest stretch in four years. The new economic data underscores the continuing frustration about the current growth cycle, which has now gone on for seven years  —   longer than most economic upswings  —   but which has repeatedly failed to break out into a higher orbit. And with the political conventions now over, and the brawl between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump for the White House in full swing, Friday’s data at least partly undercuts the Democrats’ argument that the nation’s economic health is improving. “This definitely feeds into an existing Republican narrative that the economy is growing too slowly and dials it up a notch,” said Jared Bernstein, a liberal economist who served in the Obama administration. The economic debate may intensify ahead of the election in November, particularly because the recovery’s gains have been less robust in battleground states like Ohio and Pennsylvania. States firmly in the Democratic or Republican column  —   California and Texas, for example  —   are generally doing much better. On Friday, Republican leaders were quick to cite the new data on the nation’s gross domestic product to reinforce their argument that President Obama’s policies have failed to turn things around. “After eight years of higher taxes, endless regulations and skyrocketing health care costs, the chickens are apparently coming home to roost,” said Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas. But there are other signs that the economy is on the mend, even for ordinary Americans who had, until recently, barely benefited from the rebound. The unemployment rate, which reached 10 percent after the recession, has fallen back to around 5 percent, while hiring and pay gains have been healthier lately. Those factors may ultimately contribute more to perceptions of vitality than abstract statistics on the nation’s economic output. “What really matters to people is jobs and income, and that’s most recently been a positive story,” added Mr. Bernstein, who is now a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Based on more complete information about recent years, the government revised last year’s growth rate up slightly to 2. 6 percent  —   the best so far since the severe downturn ended in  . But that is still below the gains the American economy recorded in the   let alone in the booming late 1990s. Over all, the economy’s 1. 2 percent advance in the second quarter, the Commerce Department reported Friday, was just slightly better than the 0. 8 percent pace recorded in the first quarter. Besides the decrease in inventory accumulation and business investment, weaker government outlays also held back growth, reinforcing a trend that has hobbled the recovery in recent years. The abrupt falloff in homebuilding caught analysts off guard, but it came after a series of   gains in late 2014 and 2015. And with mortgage rates very low and home prices still rising in many parts of the country, the residential real estate sector is expected to contribute to growth again in the coming quarters. Household spending was the economy’s bright spot, rising at an annualized rate of 4. 2 percent. “The consumer is doing all the heavy lifting,” said Nariman Behravesh, chief economist at IHS Markit. “Aside from technology and software, business spending was bad and housing was also surprisingly weak, which is payback for gains in recent quarters. ” On the positive side, the overstock at stores and warehouses is starting to dissipate. That could help growth in the second half of the year, Mr. Behravesh said. After a long period in which trade has weighed on the economy, the balance between exports and imports may finally be improving. The net trade picture actually lifted growth by nearly a quarter of a percentage point last quarter, the first significant improvement from trade since  . In addition, Mr. Behravesh said, wages are finally beginning to inch higher for many workers after years of stagnation. Gas prices also remain low. While grappling with weaker demand from customers in Asia and Europe, many factories and mills in the nation’s midsection have been hit by the drop in energy prices as new drilling for oil and natural gas has collapsed. Regional disparities have contributed to differing perceptions of the economy. Workers in the West are finding themselves priced out of neighborhoods in booming San Francisco and Seattle, while families in less prosperous parts of the country say they feel as if the recession never really ended. Domestically focused service industries like software, health care and financial services are doing well, lifting incomes among   workers. A strong real estate market in many parts of the country and the   on Wall Street are also encouraging more affluent consumers to open their wallets. This week, the Federal Reserve noted improving economic conditions in the United States after a   meeting of policy makers, even as the central bank held off on increasing in interest rates. A top Fed official downplayed the latest report. John Williams, president of the San Francisco Fed, said the   gross domestic product reading was weak largely because of inventories and government spending, noting that underlying data that discount for swings in stock building “look good. ” Speaking to reporters after a speech in Cambridge, Mass. Mr. Williams, an influential centrist at the central bank, noted the two key employment and inflation reports before the next meeting in  . “It makes sense, assuming the data continue to support that, to raise rates again this year,” he said. Michael Gapen, chief United States economist at Barclays, said the disappointing gross domestic product report makes a move by the Fed in September a bit less likely, but it could still be on track if the government issues strong jobs reports for July and August. July’s data will be released by the Labor Department next Friday. “The domestic side of the economy looks O. K. Not stellar, not fantastic, but enough to keep us on a modest growth path,” Mr. Gapen said. “And if it’s all about personal consumption, then the labor market is your best   indicator. ”",0
7784,WikiLeaks: Email Proves Democrats Manipulate Polls,"Email 

An email published by WikiLeaks on Friday reveals the extent to which Democrats and their allies manipulate polls to serve their ends. 
The 2008 email appears shows Democratic operatives plotting to intentionally oversample seniors in a poll in order to get their desired results. 
“FYI: We are going to try to do an oversample of seniors on the poll. Sample too small otherwise,” operative Tom Matzzie wrote to Clinton adviser Paul Begala, campaign Chairman John Podesta, Media Matters for America founder David Brock, and operative Susan McCue. “Good,” Begala responded. 
Trump and his supporters have claimed often that many polls showing a significant Hillary lead over Trump have been manipulated through selective sampling. There is ample evidence that this occurs in Democrat-friendly newsrooms. 
“Hillary Clinton has opened up a 7-point lead over Donald Trump in an online poll that seems to reflect a ‘bounce’ for the former secretary of state after she wrapped up the Democratic nomination last week,” the Daily Mail reported in June. 
""But the weekly tracking poll, from NBC News and the Surveymonkey company, included the opinions of 7 percent more self-identified Democrats than Republicans – the same margin as the poll's topline result,"" the article noted. 
The email released by WikiLeaks Friday proves that Democratic operatives themselves engage eagerly in such tactics. 
Polls are a powerful propaganda tool, and people exposed repeatedly to polls suggesting their candidate's loss is a foregone conclusion will often be influenced to stay home on Election Day. 
""I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout,"" Rand Paul said in an interview on Wednesday on ""The Tom Roten Show"" out of West Virginia. ""When we say over and over someone can't win that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout,"" he added.",0
7785,Madonna and Hillary: ‘Witch’ and ‘Nasty Woman’ as Sisters in Arms - The New York Times,"“I was called a whore and a witch,” Madonna said on Friday in a searing speech about the sexism and bullying that women face in the music industry and the culture at large. “Such a nasty woman,” Donald J. Trump interjected in October as Hillary Clinton pointed out holes in his Social Security plan during their final presidential debate. Madonna and Mrs. Clinton: both trailblazers, both polarizing figures, and both attacked for actions, choices and behavior that are broadly accepted  —   even applauded  —   when done by their male peers. Madonna herself made a connection between the two women before her speech Friday, saying it was “really important to make a stand and speak my mind” about women’s rights after Mrs. Clinton’s loss in November. Our pop music editor, Caryn Ganz, and deputy Culture editor and former political correspondent Patrick Healy looked at how Madonna and her speech put Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy in fresh perspective. PATRICK HEALY: Caryn, I’m coming off 18 months covering the presidential campaign, and frankly I’ve been wondering if Mrs. Clinton would ever give a speech like Madonna’s on Friday  —   calling out sexism in America and the rules that trap women but not men. “If you’re a girl, you have to play the game,” Madonna said. “Don’t have an opinion that’s out of line with the status quo. ” Madonna and Mrs. Clinton have been controversial in part because they didn’t play “the game. ” It’s easy to forget, amid their celebrity and longevity, that Madonna and Mrs. Clinton were once renegades: speaking out and pursuing power in ways that were considered overly ambitious for women. They fought for equality and respect  —   and they sought the kind of influence and money and fame that men have. Mrs. Clinton’s place and legacy in our culture is just starting to be considered and debated. But only after her speech yesterday did I start to think about her and Madonna as sisters in arms. CARYN GANZ: Mrs. Clinton is so buttoned up and Madonna is so, well, unbuttoned, that I think many people have been hesitant to make this connection. And because Madonna has used sexual expressiveness as code for all kinds of liberation, she hasn’t been courted as a political ally. But now that both of them have reached a certain age, the sexism they’ve faced for decades has become something more insidious, paired with ageism. HEALY: A lot of people don’t see sexism hurting Mrs. Clinton  —   after all, she won the Democratic nomination  —   but she and her advisers did. As for the sort of “liberation” that Madonna pioneered, Mrs. Clinton has a complicated relationship with it. She came of age in the era of women’s lib, and yet  —   to help Bill Clinton’s career in Arkansas  —   she changed her last name from Rodham to Clinton and got new hairstyles and glasses. And when she was most visibly liberated, including in her   performances in political debates, she got called “likable enough” by Barack Obama in 2008 and a “nasty woman” by Mr. Trump this fall. Madonna, in her speech Friday, recalled that she got so much abuse after releasing her “Erotica” album and “Sex” book in 1992 that she felt like “the most hated person on the planet. ” GANZ: In a 2008 “Weekend Update” segment about Mrs. Clinton’s initial presidential run, Tina Fey said: “Maybe what bothers me the most is that people say that Hillary is a bitch. Let me say something about that: Yeah, she is. ” (Ms. Fey later proclaimed, “Bitch is the new black. ”) I thought about this when Madonna put the song “Unapologetic Bitch” on her most recent album, “Rebel Heart,” the record where she started to speak openly about the discrimination she’s faced as a female artist over 55. Madonna has referred to herself in many ways in songs over the years, but she waited until 2015, on her 13th album, to reclaim “bitch. ” HEALY: Mrs. Clinton knew some people used that word about her. Like Madonna, she answered the haters with a strong work ethic. Mrs. Clinton put in   days, thought deeply about policy, and was a tireless campaigner even if she wasn’t the world’s most natural politician. Madonna is no Adele: She wasn’t born with a     talent and voice. But she succeeded through work, grit and guts. GANZ: But she was born with a     ability to understand and command the power of connecting her voice to her image. Nobody did this the way Madonna did before her, though many have followed her example. Knowing that as a woman, her appearance would be a talking point, Madonna   this scrutiny as a weapon from the beginning of her career, forcing everyone to talk about what she looked like by evolving  —   it was a conversation she essentially started herself. But as she has gotten older, the commentary about her work is almost entirely centered on how she looks rather than how she sounds, and whether what she is wearing or saying is “appropriate for a woman her age”  —   a question that musicians like Mick Jagger, who is 15 years older than Madonna, have never had to answer. And certainly no other candidate was the subject of stories about what he wore to the debate and what his clothes meant. (Continuing investigations into Mr. Trump’s hair aside.) HEALY: I remember Mrs. Clinton telling me during the 2008 race that she probably woke up two hours earlier than Barack Obama each day because she had to do her hair and makeup, and he could just roll out of bed and into a suit. She has had no room for error in what she says or how she looks, her advisers felt, while a candidate like Mr. Trump could sound like a crazy man on Twitter, and many voters shrugged. Then again, Mrs. Clinton is far more of a perfectionist than Mr. Trump, as is Madonna. GANZ: But Madonna and Mrs. Clinton have had their perfectionism interpreted as a pathology. As women cutting a path no woman had traveled before, they had no choice but to be as precise and   as possible, knowing the slightest failure would invite a deluge of criticism. Madonna is known to control every aspect of rooms in which she will appear, down to the color of the lampshades. While Mr. Trump was making brash statements, Mrs. Clinton was tweeting    policy plans and rigorously preparing for the debates. HEALY: But Mrs. Clinton could also take control too far, like keeping her State Department email on a private server. “I don’t want any risk of the personal being accessible,” she wrote in 2010. And in 2008, she rarely talked about being a woman because she wanted to control her image  —   she wanted voters to think she would be as tough as any male commander in chief. GANZ: Trailblazing is a solitary game. They’re both lonely warriors who reached a critical moment this year: the time when they had to speak up for their achievements and call out their haters. HEALY: As Madonna said in her speech, “I remember wishing I had a female peer I could look to for support. ” But she and Mrs. Clinton have a mixed record as allies of feminists. Mrs. Clinton put aside her career to support her husband’s, and stood by him during his extramarital affairs, and she supported some policies, like a welfare overhaul, that critics regarded as  . She was also a champion of women’s rights as human rights  —   even as she opposed gay rights like   marriage. Do Mrs. Clinton and Madonna bear any responsibility for being polarizing figures, Caryn? GANZ: Oh, certainly, although Madonna has always been a steadfast supporter of gay rights (something Mrs. Clinton can’t claim). Madonna designed herself to be a polarizing figure, and her breed of feminism has evolved over the years  —   at times she’s been more focused on   than the advancement of womankind. She has defended Sean Penn from accusations of domestic abuse. She wrote one of the most famous songs about not having an abortion. And she’s also often been a covert feminist: On “Material Girl,” a song still cited as an ode to consumerism, Madonna is the winner because “experience has made me rich, and now they’re after me. ” It wasn’t the objects she was after, or the men  —   it was the power. And that was in 1984. HEALY: Mrs. Clinton has been labeled   since she was a young woman. And it drove her crazy, advisers said, because Mr. Trump and other men never faced that accusation. She felt held to the double standard that Madonna spoke about on Friday. I can imagine Mrs. Clinton listening to that speech and just saying “Yaaaas” over and over.",0
7786,Just Saying Common Sense is not Common!,"Common Sense as defined by the Cambridge Academic Text Dictionary is the ability to use good judgement in making decisions to live in a reasonable and safe way. While that may have sounded reasonable and safe back in the sixties and seventies when I was growing up, I find myself at risk daily based on the judgement of others who make decisions that have lasting and irreversible consequences. Ever since I started writing sporadically, beginning in the early eighties for small newspapers like the Chicago Daily News and the Chicago Defender, I have enjoyed the opportunity to research, find and expose resources. I started with “Canons on Careers”, which was my weekly contribution to those readers who were looking for career and employment opportunities and financial aid to pay for, and in some cases get paid for attending college. When I started “Just Saying” for the Guardian Liberty Voice in 2014, I was motivated to express my personal opinions about the world around me as I saw it through my limited world view. As I see the local landscape that I travail everyday, and the world at large portrayed to me and others by media moguls and highly paid infotainment charlatans, I write to vent my frustrations and fears that the world around me has been dumb down to the point where Common Sense will never again be Common!
Since I grew up in public housing and went to public schools, I have never really thought of myself as an intellectual or the brightest candle on the cake. I never ever thought that those around me would fall to such a level of illiteracy where the adults and the majority of inner city youth and young adults would struggle to read and write at an eight grade level or higher. I am in the business of hiring people daily and 7 out of ten people who I put to work daily cannot properly fill out an application or transfer information from a Resume’ to the application. The fact that illiteracy has been broken down to three categories, functional, cultural and moral doesn’t ease my anxieties as I see relatively modest and simple differences of opinion escalate to levels of violence and idiocy that cost people their limbs and their lives. While Functional illiteracy plagues over 24 million Americans, with over a million of them graduating from high school with a diploma the value of a wet food stamp, Cultural illiteracy is the lack of knowledge of the significant historical events that shaped this country which obscures the lessons learned ( or Not learned )! Moral illiteracy completes the three forms of illiteracy, and to my view causes the senseless and heinous callousness that prevails in the United States today! Our young are not taught the moral values of the old and therefore disrespect the old, value the new and care more about the self than the community of you! That said, how could common sense ever factor into the equation ! There is no ME in common and the only sense that counts is mine!
I’m Just Saying……What’s a fella to do? I live in a country that just elected a guy named Donald Trump, President, who says he represents the people and that he is the change agent that is going to make America GREAT again. Yes, this is the guy who going to bring back all the jobs that our poor trade polices gave away. Yes, this is the guy who says Climate Change is a hoax and all those coal mining jobs are coming back to West Virginia, Pennsylvania and all those lily white towns who used to thrive on those deadly but well paying jobs. This is also the guy who is the protege’ of Roy Cohn (the instigator and arbitrator of McCarthyism) who caused many people to commit suicide and destroyed countless lives with tactics of fear using race, misogyny and communism! In a NUTshell, Donald Trump cohnned many of America’s so-called common folk into thinking he was with them and one of them! Yep, a millionaire/billionaire (who knows, he never revealed his taxes) who claims to be a commoner! It took me a long time Dad but now I get it…….Common Sense is not Common!!!!",0
7787,Hot Mic: DHS Chief John Kelly Jokes Trump Can Use Ceremonial Saber ’On The Press’ - Breitbart,"Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly joked to President Donald Trump he could use a ceremonial saber on the press Wednesday, in a comment caught on a hot mic. [After being presented the saber during Coast Guard Academy commencement in Connecticut, Trump sat beside Kelly who quipped: “You can use that on the press, sir. ”  “Yeah,” Trump chuckles. Gen. Kelly tells Pres. Trump ”you can use that on the press” after he’s presented with ceremonial saber at Coast Guard Academy commencement. pic. twitter.   —   ABC News (@ABC) May 17, 2017,  Kelly’s joke sparked a predictable freakout from media and leftists. Why, Gen. Kelly? When POTUS has repeatedly  aggressively attacked the press? https:  .   —   Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) May 17, 2017,  I fought with John Kelly in Iraq. This is shocking to me, and it’s not a funny joke. Professionals don’t say these kinds of things. https:  .   —   Mark Hertling (@MarkHertling) May 17, 2017,  Here’s a shitty thing to say to in front of hundreds of JOs who just swore to defend the Constitution of the US https:  .   —   Adam Weinstein (@AdamWeinstein) May 17, 2017,  If it wasn’t already clear, DHS John   about killing the   not the champion of democratic norms he once appeared to be. https:  .   —   Katherine Eban (@KatherineEban) May 17, 2017,  But, Gen. Kelly  …    the pen is mightier than the sword. https:  .   —   Ellen Rose (@icklenellierose) May 17, 2017,  Nothing about this ”joke” between @DHSgov Secretary Kelly and @realDonaldTrump is funny  …     https:  .   —   Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) May 17, 2017,  Literal saber rattling https:  .   —   Ryan Teague Beckwith (@ryanbeckwith) May 17, 2017,  During his speech to the graduates, Trump hammered the media. “Look at the way I’ve been treated lately especially by the media. No politician in history, and I say this with great surety, has been treated worse or more unfairly,” he said. “I didn’t get elected to serve the Washington media or special interests. I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women of our country, and that’s what I’m doing,” he added.",0
7788,Sean Spicer Lights Up ’Pathetic’ Critics of Donald Trump’s Holocaust Statement - Breitbart,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer denounced critics of President Donald Trump’s International Holocaust Remembrance Day statement as “pathetic,” after the media pointed out that Trump failed to refer to Jews in his statement. [“It is pathetic that people are picking on his statement,” Spicer said, when asked about Jewish critics of the statement during the White House press briefing. The statement recognized “the victims, survivors, heroes of the Holocaust” but did not specifically mention “Jews. ”  Spicer said that a staffer at the White House helped draft the statement who was both Jewish and the descendant of a Holocaust survivors. “The president went out of his way to recognize the Holocaust and the suffering that went through it and the people that were affected by it and the loss of life, and to make sure that America never forgets what so many people went through, whether they were Jews or Gypsies, gays, disability, priests,” Spicer said. The Republican Jewish Coalition reacted to Trump’s statement, calling it a “painful omission. ” The Zionist Organization of America specified “our chagrin and deep pain” for failing to specifically mention Jews or the   that led to the Holocaust. Spicer reminded critics that Trump was very supportive of the nation of Israel, and suggested that there was a double standard in the media for the Obama’s administration’s failures. “At the end of the day, I don’t think when you look at state of Israel or the Jewish people themselves, I think there has been no better friend to Donald Trump especially after the last eight years. The tremendous respect that he’s shown Israel, the Jewish people, and to suggest anything otherwise is frankly a little disappointing. ” Spicer said.",0
7789,John Podesta Stokes Russian Conspiracy Theories About Donald Trump,"Former Hillary Clinton campaign chief John Podesta broke his silence on Twitter to fuel conspiracy theories about Donald Trump and Russia. [“If your head is spinning on the   connection, watch this short video to connect the dots,” he wrote, sharing a YouTube video (see above) on Twitter .  Podesta and the Center For American Progress get into the conspiracy theory business pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) May 12, 2017,  The over seven minute video features an ominous narrator weaving a massive web of theories connecting Trump to the Russians, even before the presidential election, suggesting that he is a political puppet for Russian president Vladimir Putin. The video is produced by “The Moscow Project,” a initiative funded by Podesta’s liberal Center for American Progress.",0
7790,The OTHER Clinton FBI Investigation That Hillary Does Not Want You To Know About,"0 comments In many ways, this SCANDALOUS investigation is more DISTURBING than the others… It is hard to imagine an investigation more scandalous than the one presented my sexting wild man Anthony Weiner and his beautiful, estranged wife, Huma Abedin. Depending on what is found on the 650,000 emails on Weiner and Abedin’s laptop, the infamous couple could take down one of the most powerful women on the planet, Hillary Clinton. Something tells me that there is plenty of scandal to go around, however. It is now being reported that the FBI’s Miami office is investigating the Clinton Foundation for their “work” in Haiti. . @rpollockDC reports that FBI’s Miami office is conducting Clinton Fnd probe concerning Haiti work. https://t.co/w8iPeQ69nr @dailycaller 
— Chuck Ross (@ChuckRossDC) October 31, 2016 
It is no surprise that the FBI is interested in the Clinton’s dealings in Haiti. 
Since January of 2015, when a group of Haitians surrounded the Clinton Foundation’s offices in New York, carrying signs that said, “Clinton, where’s the money?” 
Dhoud Andre, of the Commission Against Dictatorship, has said, “We are telling the world of the crimes that Bill and Hillary Clinton are responsible for in Haiti.” 
Recent emails, leaked from the State Department, indicated that contractors seeking to provide earthquake relief to devastated Haitians were heavily vetted by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s team. The criteria? Contractors needed to be “FOB’s,” or “Friends of Bill.” These FOB’s were donors to the Clinton Foundation. Reportedly, if a contract company was not a donor, they were referred elsewhere, while donating contractors were given funds to work in Haiti. 
Almost $4 billion was sent to Haiti for relief, and it has been noted by some Haitians that little of this money actually made it to those who need it. 
Haitians also have noted that Bill Clinton was the designated UN Representative for aid to Haiti while Hillary Clinton was the Secretary of State. 
The Clintons were the two most powerful people controlling the funds meant to help Haitians. 
Contracts went to friends of the Clintons, and, reportedly, homes were not built, schools were not built, technology was not installed, and infrastructure was not significantly improved. 
Haiti did, however, gain a few million dollar hotels. 
Not exactly what the poor were hoping for. 
Take a look at this video, entitled “How the Clinton Foundation Got Rich Off Poor Haitians.” 
The details are almost too numerous to list. For more information, visit the National Review. 
One thing is certain, if the FBI continues at this pace, the details are forthcoming, and they are not likely to be pretty.",0
7791,‘The Revenge of Analog’: See It. Feel It. Touch It. (Don’t Click) - The New York Times,"“Sooner or later, everything old is new again,” Stephen King once wrote  —   an observation that’s never been truer than today. Far from being dead, vinyl records sales rose to $416 million last year, the highest since 1988, and artists like the Black Keys, Lana Del Rey and Beck are eagerly embracing the format. Instant   cameras have caught on among millennials and their younger siblings. A new Pew survey shows that print books remain much more popular than books in digital formats.   paper notebooks and erasable whiteboards are the   technology among many Silicon Valley types, and even typewriters are enjoying a renaissance in today’s     era. In his captivating new book, “The Revenge of Analog,” the reporter David Sax provides an insightful and entertaining account of this phenomenon, creating a powerful counternarrative to the   belief that we would live in an     world. Mr. Sax argues that analog isn’t going anywhere, but is experiencing a bracing revival that is not just a case of nostalgia or hipster street cred, but something more complex. “Analog experiences can provide us with the kind of   pleasures and rewards digital ones cannot,” he writes, and “sometimes analog simply outperforms digital as the best solution. ” Pen and paper can give writers and designers a direct means of sketching out their ideas without the complicating biases of software, while whiteboards can bring engineers “out from behind their screens” and entice them “to take risks and share ideas with others. ” “The choice we face isn’t between digital and analog,” Mr. Sax asserts. “That simplistic duality is actually the language that digital has conditioned us to: a false binary choice between 1 and 0, black and white, Samsung and Apple. The real world isn’t black or white. It is not even gray. Reality is multicolored, infinitely textured, and emotionally layered. ” And it’s often analog  —   perhaps less efficient, less perfect, less speedy  —   which best captures those human imperfections, creating a tactile interface with the world. A growing number of artists have noticed that music made on old tape machines and vintage studio equipment sounds different  —   “more heartfelt, raw, and organic,” in Mr. Sax’s words  —   than music made with the latest, most sophisticated technology. Listeners, too, as the musician Jack White has observed, find that vinyl has a romance, a magic that doesn’t come with the click of a mouse: “With vinyl, you’re on your knees. ” He continued: “You’re at the mercy of the needle. You watch the record spin and it’s like you’re sitting around a campfire. It’s hypnotic. ” In these pages, Mr. Sax takes us on a spirited tour of the resurgent analog universe. He takes us to United Record Pressing, a vinyl plant in Nashville that’s churning out 40, 000 records a day, with a staff that’s tripled since 2010. He takes us to Book Culture, on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, one of the many indie bookstores to open in New York and around the country in recent years. And he takes us to Snakes  Lattes, a   cafe in Toronto, where customers can play not only familiar childhood games but also more obscure selections from a   collection. There are even “game gurus” to dispense advice  —   a decidedly more social experience than the solitary world of many video gamers. This desire for human interaction  —   and a sense of community and place  —   is one of the magnets that draw people to neighborhood bookstores, where readers can get expert recommendations (from a person, not an algorithm) and attend readings and discussion groups. The more time we spend in the digital world of clicks and taps and swipes, Mr. Sax writes, the more people have begun to recognize the value of    interactions. So much so that work spaces (most notably, at tech companies) are being configured to promote productive meetings and serendipitous exchanges. “The whole point of all these spaces,” says Primo Orpilla, a   of a firm that designs offices for digital technology companies, “is to get you to put down your device and read inflections, read body language, and have meaningful conversations. ” In an increasingly digital world where physical objects and experiences are being replaced by virtual ones, Mr. Sax concludes, “analog gives us the joy of creating and possessing real, tangible things”: the hectic scratch of a fountain pen on the smooth, lined pages of a notebook the slow magic of a Polaroid photo developing in front of our eyes the satisfying snap of a newspaper page being turned and folded back the moment of silence as the arm of an old turntable descends toward a shiny new vinyl disk and the music begins to play. In reporting this book, Mr. Sax says he found that it was less a case of older generations reaching back to familiar formats from their youth than teenagers and   discovering turntables and LPs, paperback novels and film cameras. “The younger someone was, the more digitally exposed their generation was,” he writes near the end of this book, “the less I found them enamored by digital technology, and the more they were wary of its effects. ” These kids were falling in love with analog.",0
7793,Holocaust-Themed Ice Dance in Russia Draws Condemnation - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   Dressed as concentration camp inmates, each wearing a striped uniform with the yellow Star of David sewn on, the couple glided in harmony, moving to a song from the 1997 Holocaust film “Life Is Beautiful. ” Barking dogs can be heard. The routine ends with simulated   fire and the woman, looking stunned and stricken, standing alone on the ice. The routine, staged on Saturday in “Ice Age,” a celebrity   show on Russian television, wowed the jury, who gave the performers  —   Tatiana Navka, a former Olympic ice skater, and her dancing partner, Andrei Burkovsky, an actor  —   perfect marks. “It is a great film and a great performance that relays well the essence and the spirit of the film,” said one of the jurors, Karen Shakhnazarov, a film director. But as videos of the performance circulated online, a number of observers said they found it tasteless and offensive. “Motifs from the Holocaust are not for parties, not for dance and not for reality” television, Miri Regev, the Israeli culture and sports minister, told Israel Army Radio. “Not one of the six million danced, and a concentration camp is not a summer camp,” she added. Six million Jews are estimated to have been murdered during the Holocaust, along with millions of others deemed undesirable by the Nazis. Yohanan   a professor of Jewish studies at Northwestern University, who studied in Moscow, said he was horrified by the   performance. “For a person who knows very little if anything about the Holocaust, the message is this: Put on a striped robe, adorn yourself with a yellow   Star of David, get an   deal at a concentration camp, and your life will be beautiful,” he said in an interview. “I would call it a crime against elementary humanity. ” Professor   said the performance was consistent with a “cynicism that pervades Russian politics” from the top down. Deborah E. Lipstadt, a professor at Emory University and a scholar of the Holocaust, asked on Twitter: “Have you lost all sense of decency? Have you no shame?” Others, like the American comedian  Sarah Silverman and the British writer and lawyer Rupert Myers, also took to social media to express astonishment and dismay. Ms. Navka, who is married to President Vladimir V. Putin’s chief spokesman, Dmitry S. Peskov, won a gold medal for Russia in   at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, with Roman Kostomarov. Ms. Navka and Mr. Burkovsky danced to the signature song from “Life Is Beautiful. ” It was performed by the Israeli singer Achinoam Nini, known by her stage name, Noa, and the dance was choreographed by Ilya Averbukh, a Russian ice dancer and former Olympic medalist, who is Jewish. The film, directed by Roberto Benigni, about a man who seeks to protect his son by convincing him that the Nazi persecution they were experiencing was part of an elaborate game, was nominated for the 1999 Academy Award for Best Picture and won the Oscar for best   film. Mr. Benigni, who also starred in the film, won best actor. Some have criticized the film, however, for sentimentalizing one of the darkest events in history. In a post on Instagram, Ms. Navka suggested that the dance routine had intended to draw attention to the film. “Show this movie to your children,” she wrote. “Our children need to know and remember that terrible time, which I hope, God willing, they will never know. ” Two million to three million Soviet prisoners of war were murdered by the Nazis. Although the war is generally seen in Russia as a triumph over fascism, Russia has a reputation for   and pogroms going back to the czarist era. Mr. Putin has condemned the Holocaust and has taken part in commemorations. A similar controversy in April, when a Russian actor performed in a dancing competition showing a man wearing a Nazi uniform and a terrified Jewish girl prompted a lawmaker, Roman Khudyakov, to suggest that such depictions be banned.",0
7794,Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Dire Warning to Americans : Democrats May Try and HACK the Election – TruthFeed,"Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Dire Warning to Americans : Democrats May Try and HACK the Election Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Dire Warning to Americans : Democrats May Try and HACK the Election Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
Hacker Guccifer 2.0 issued a dire election warning to American voters. 
According to Guccifer 2.0 the software used by FEC networks may be vulnerable to fraud. 
— GUCCIFER 2.0 (@GUCCIFER_2) November 4, 2016 
From Guccifer 2.0: I’d like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 
As I’ve already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 
I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud. I'll be an independent observer at the U.S. #Elections2016 I call on other hackers to monitor the elections from inside the system 
— GUCCIFER 2.0 (@GUCCIFER_2) November 4, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
7795,Dutch Men Protest Homophobia by Holding Hands,"(AFP)  —   Dutch male politicians, police and diplomats have taken to streets around the world holding hands this week in a very public show of support after a brutal attack on a gay couple. [Pictures of men walking around    from The Netherlands to London and New York have gone viral under the hashtag #allemannenhandinhand (or “all men   ”) on social media.  The move came after Jasper   35, and Ronnie   31, were attacked on their way home early Sunday in the eastern city of Arnhem. One of them lost several teeth and got a bloody lip after being attacked with a  . Five teenagers, two    and three aged 16, were Thursday due to appear before magistrates, after handing themselves in following the attack, Dutch prosecutors said. It is believed all five took part in “very serious offences,” the prosecution service said in a statement, adding they faced charges of grievous bodily harm. “We don’t usually do that, holding hands in public,”   told the public broadcaster NOS after the attack. “But we had had a nice evening, it was late and we thought we were alone. ” The Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalise gay marriage in 2001 and the attack has shocked the Dutch.  In response, journalist Barbara Berend called for men to hold hands as a show of solidarity. Her call won   support when the leader of the Democracy D66 party Alexander Pechthold and his colleague Wouter Koolmees arrived at the parliament building in The Hague on Monday morning holding hands. Since then, the gesture has been replayed by Dutch men around the world, while on Wednesday dozens marched in Amsterdam holding hands, and carrying   umbrellas. Male colleagues from the Dutch embassy in London and Canberra tweeted a picture of them stepping out    following similar images from the Dutch delegation at the United Nations in New York. Even the Nijmegen first division football club has got in on the act, posting a picture on its Twitter account of the team lined up holding hands facing its stadium. “The N. E. C turns its back on   violence,” reads the caption.",0
7796,Plane Gets Evacuated After Passenger Spots What’s On Muslim’s Phone,"Share This 
As a Spirit Airlines flight prepared to take off from Fort Lauderdale International Airport in Florida, passengers boarded and attempted to get comfortable. However, it only took one observant passenger’s quick glance to realize the entire flight was in trouble after he spotted what was on a Muslim man’s phone. 
Autumn Lynn was aboard the flight when she heard a man three rows behind her begin to scream for a flight attendant. It quickly became clear that an “older man of Middle Eastern descent” had been texting a friend about a bomb on the plane – and the petrified man immediately freaked. 
“We are about to take off and three rows behind me there is a man of Middle Eastern descent that sent a message from his phone which said ‘the bombs are ready,’” Autumn explained on a Facebook Live video, which was taken while she was on the plane, according to Daily Mail . “They have brought us back to the gate, and we’re waiting to be evacuated. He’s still on the plane.” 
Eventually, the pilot declared an emergency evacuation and passengers were taken off of the plane. Autumn witnessed the flight attendants confiscating the man’s cell phone until the Broward Sheriff’s Office deputies arrived, nearly two hours later. 
“They pulled the man off the plane, he was an older man, of Middle Eastern descent,” Autumn explained. “They ripped him out of the seat and dragged him off the plane.” 
The Sheriff’s deputies confirmed the aircraft was checked for any threat and cleared. Thankfully, the man’s texts were false. Unfortunately, for the passengers on the plane, their departure was delayed for over six hours before it took off for their final destination of Dallas/Fort Worth Airport. Reportedly, no arrests were made. 
Although nothing resulted from this particular incident, it’s better that the proper precautions were taken by both the flight crew and the deputies to ensure nothing happened on the plane. It’s better to be safe than to be sorry –especially when we’re talking about the lives of many innocent people.",0
7797,"Trump: ’Sometimes You Have to Fuel the Well’ - Military ’More Important’ Than a Balanced Budget, ’We’ll Get There’ - Breitbart","During an interview aired on Thursday’s “Hannity,” on the Fox News Channel, President Donald Trump said, “a balanced budget is fine, but sometimes you have to fuel the well in order to really get the economy going. And we have to take care of our military. Our military is more important to me than a balanced budget, because we’ll get there with a balanced budget. ”  Trump was asked [relevant exchange begins around 7:00] how important a balanced budget is to him. He answered, “So, a balanced budget is fine, but sometimes you have to fuel the well in order to really get the economy going. And we have to take care of our military. Our military is more important to me than a balanced budget, because we’ll get there with a balanced budget. But we have a military that’s really depleted. And I’m negotiating the price of airplanes, can you believe this? I cut off hundreds of millions of dollars off one particular plane, hundreds of millions of dollars, in a short period of time. ” He added, “I want a balanced budget eventually, but I want to have a strong military. To me, that’s much more important than anything. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
7798,Leaked audio recording reveals Theresa May's true fears about Brexit,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 18:08 UTC © Peter Nicholls / Reuters Downing Street insists that the government will ""make a success"" of Brexit, despite a leaked audio recording of UK Prime Minister Theresa May predicting companies could abandon Britain if it leaves the EU. Speaking to a group of Goldman Sachs bankers on May 26 before the EU referendum, then-Home Secretary May said the economic arguments for remaining in the bloc were "" clear. "" In a leaked audio recording of the talk, published by the Guardian, May also claims membership in the EU makes Britain ""more safe."" ""Being part of a 500-million trading bloc is significant for us. I think, as I was saying to you a little earlier, that one of the issues is that a lot of people will invest here in the UK because it is the UK in Europe. ""If we were not in Europe, I think there would be firms and companies who would be looking to say, do they need to develop a mainland Europe presence rather than a UK presence? So I think there are definite benefits for us in economic terms."" May went on to say Britain was more secure inside the EU. ""There are definitely things we can do as members of the European Union that I think keep us more safe,"" she said. A Downing Street spokesman did not comment directly on the recording, but insisted Brexit is in the UK's best interests. ""Britain made a clear choice to vote to leave the EU and this Government is determined to make a success of the fresh opportunities it presents,"" he said. ""David Davis made very clear in the House of Commons last week the importance the Government places on financial services across the UK in the negotiation to come, as has the Chancellor in recent weeks. ""We want a smooth and orderly exit from the European Union, which would be in the interests of both Britain and the EU."" Labour politicians accused May of deceiving the British public over the impact of leaving the EU's single market and called on her to be ""honest."" Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer tweeted: Andrew Gwynne, shadow minister without portfolio, said: ""As if we needed it, this recording is cast-iron evidence of how Theresa May and other senior Tories have been saying one thing in private about the economic impact of Brexit and another in the comfort of Tory conference halls. ""It's plain that she recognises what a disaster it would be for Britain to lose access to the single market, so why doesn't she be honest with the British people and say how she plans to retain it?"" Comment: Somebody apparently isn't happy about Brexit to have leaked this tape to stir up the pot.",0
7799,Renowned Harvard Psychologist Says ADHD is Largely a Fraud,". Renowned Harvard Psychologist Says ADHD is Largely a Fraud Viewed by academics as one of the most influential psychologists of the 20th century, Jerome Kagan r... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/renowned-harvard-psychologist-says-adhd.html Viewed by academics as one of the most influential psychologists of the 20th century, Jerome Kagan ranked above Carl Jung (the founder of analytical psychology) and Ivan Pavlov (who discovered the Pavlovian reflex) in a 2002 American Psychological Association ranking of the eminent psychologists. He is well-known for his pioneering work in developmental psychology at Harvard University, where he has spent decades documenting how babies and small children grow, and is an exceptional and highly-regarded researcher.So it may be surprising to learn that he believes the diagnosis of ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) is an invention — and only benefits the pharmaceutical industry and psychiatrists. Mislabeling Mental Illness “That is the history of humanity: Those in authority believe they’re doing the right thing, and they harm those who have no power,” says Jerome Kagan.In an interview with Spiegel, Kagan addressed the skyrocketing rates of ADHD in America , which he attributes to “fuzzy diagnostic practices.” He illustrated his point with the following example:Say fifty years ago you have a 7-year-old who is bored in school and exhibits disruptive behavior. Back then, he would be labeled as lazy. But today, that same child is said to suffer from ADHD . That’s why we’ve seen such a dramatic increase in the disorder.Every child who is having problems in school is sent to see a pediatrician, who then claims it’s ADHD and prescribes Ritalin . “In fact, 90 percent of these 5.4 million kids don’t have an abnormal dopamine metabolism. The problem is, if a drug is available to doctors, they’ll make the corresponding diagnosis,” he said.“We could get philosophical and ask ourselves: “What does mental illness mean?” If you do interviews with children and adolescents aged 12 to 19, then 40 percent can be categorized as anxious or depressed. “But if you take a closer look and ask how many of them are seriously impaired by this, the number shrinks to 8 percent. Describing every child who is depressed or anxious as being mentally ill is ridiculous. “Adolescents are anxious, that’s normal. They don’t know what college to go to. Their boyfriend or girlfriend just stood them up. Being sad or anxious is just as much a part of life as anger or sexual frustration,” Kagan told Spiegel.What are the implications for the millions of American children who are inaccurately diagnosed as mentally ill? Kagan believes it’s devastating because they think there is something fundamentally wrong with them. He’s not the only psychologist to raise the alarm about this trend, but Kagan and others feel they’re up against “an enormously powerful alliance: pharmaceutical companies that are making billions , and a profession that is self-interested.”Kagan himself suffered from inner restlessness and stuttering as a child, but his mother told him: “There’s nothing wrong with you. Your mind is working faster than your tongue.”He thought at the time: “Gee, that’s great, I’m only stuttering because I’m so smart.” If he had been born in the present era, he most likely would have been classified as mentally ill.ADHD isn’t the only mental illness epidemic among children that worries Kagan, depression is another. In 1987, about one in 400 American teenagers was using an antidepressant. By 2002, the numbers leaped to one in 40. He feels it’s another overused diagnosis, simply because the pills are available. Instead of immediately resorting to pharmaceutical drugs, he thinks doctors should take more time with the child to find out why they aren’t as cheerful, for instance. At the very least, a few tests should be carried out — and an EEG for certain, especially since studies have shown that people who have heightened activity in the right frontal lobe respond poorly to antidepressants.Kagan remembers going into a textbook-type depression after a major research project he was involved with failed. He had insomnia and met all the other clinical criteria for depression. But since he knew what the cause was, he didn’t seek professional help. After six months, the depression was gone. Under normal circumstances, he would have been diagnosed as mentally ill by a psychiatrist and put on medication. By Carolanne Wright / Reference: Spiegel.de Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
7800,Wall St. Regulators Propose Stricter Pay Rules for Bankers - The New York Times,"Regulators released   rules on Thursday morning that aim to restrict how big financial institutions can pay their top executives. The new limits on banker bonuses would make the   employees at the biggest banks wait at least four years to receive parts of their annual pay. If the proposals are completed in the coming months, banks would also have to reclaim bonuses from bankers who take risks that lead to big financial losses. The regulators are responding to an uproar of criticism over Wall Street’s pay practices after the biggest American banks had to take government bailout money during the 2008 financial crisis. That public anger has been rekindled during the 2016 presidential campaign season, putting pressure on regulators to tighten their oversight of Wall Street. The new rules on executive pay grew out of the 2010   financial overhaul, but it has taken years to put them into practice, even though President Obama has pushed regulators to complete them. The administration is running out of time to get rules approved before a new president is elected. Rick Metsger, the vice chairman at the National Credit Union Administration  —   one of six agencies responsible for drafting the rules  —   said on Thursday that politicians and the public “want senior executives at large financial institutions held accountable if their desire for personal enrichment leads to   that results in material losses. ” The structure of executive pay packages before the financial crisis was blamed for encouraging bankers to take unnecessary risks. In some cases, pay was set up in ways that motivated bankers to seek   gains even if their actions led to losses over the longer term. The new rules will force many banks to withhold pay for longer than they have in the past, to ensure that top employees can be held accountable for the   consequences of their  . The proposals leave many financial firms, including large asset managers and hedge funds, shielded from the new restrictions because of the way the regulators have defined which institutions are subject to them. Young Wall Street workers, and potential recruits who might once have aspired to jobs in the industry, are already decamping for less regulated corners of finance and corporate America, including Silicon Valley. For those institutions subject to the rules, the new restrictions are broadly in line with changes that many banks have already been making since the financial crisis. For instance, it is already an industry standard to wait three years to release   bonuses. The new rules aim to push that to four years. There has been less consistency in how banks have approached seizing pay from employees if their actions lead to losses. The new proposal makes bankers’ pay vulnerable to   clawbacks for seven years after the pay is received, if they are found to have engaged in misconduct or taken actions that led to big losses. Steven Eckhaus, an expert on executive compensation at Cadwalader, Wickersham  Taft, said he did not see the new rules “having a big impact except around the margins. ” “This largely codifies the practices that have evolved over the last eight years,” he said. The regulators were supposed to propose the new rules within 90 days of  ’s passage. Instead, the regulatory agencies delivered a first draft of the rules in 2011, but that draft was widely panned as being too weak. In the previous draft, the largest banks had to hold back at least 50 percent of all   pay for three years. Under the new proposals, the same banks will have to withhold 60 percent of that pay for four years. The new draft also applies the limits to a broader set of “material  ” at big banks, not just top executives. Marcus Stanley, the policy director at the advocacy organization Americans for Financial Reform, said the new version was stronger than the 2011 proposal, but did not push the banks to go far enough beyond already accepted practices. He said, for instance, that he had hoped that banks would have to hold back pay for more than four years because big losses on bank investments can often take longer than that to materialize. In Britain, by contrast, banks are now forced to hold back some pay for at least seven years. European countries have generally imposed stronger restrictions on executive compensation since the financial crisis, including some hard caps on salary and bonuses. The new American rules would apply only to   compensation  —   generally bonuses  —   which varies according to the performance of the bank and the individual executive. Even without the rules, banks have faced steady pressure from regulators and shareholders since the financial crisis to change the way they pay their employees and tie more compensation to a firm’s   rather than   success. JPMorgan Chase, for instance, recently announced that it was altering the pay package of its chief executive, Jamie Dimon, so that he is compensated primarily with stock that he will receive only if the firm achieves certain levels of future profitability. Mr. Dimon will get the stock after five years, which is longer than the new rules propose. Banks and other financial institutions have generally been cutting pay in recent years because of their lagging performance, and other parts of the   legislation have limited their ability to take big risks and earn the big profits that were common before the financial crisis. This week, Goldman Sachs said that the pool of money it had put aside so far this year for employee compensation is 40 percent smaller than it was at the same time last year. The new rules were debated and described for the first time at a meeting on Thursday of the National Credit Union Administration, the first of the six agencies to take up the proposal. The public will have until July to comment on the new rules, and it will likely be months after that before they go into effect.",0
7801,Mark Zuckerberg Calls for Universal Basic Income in America - Breitbart,"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg closed his commencement speech at Harvard this week by discussing the need to “modernize democracy” and calling for universal basic income in America. [CNBC reports that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg gave his Harvard commencement speech yesterday, speaking of the need to “modernize democracy” and floating the idea that many Silicon Valley personalities such as Sam Altman, president of venture capital firm Y Combinator, have pushed for, universal basic income for all American citizens. “Every generation expands its definition of equality. Now it’s time for our generation to define a new social contract,” said Zuckerberg during his speech, “We should have a society that measures progress not by economic metrics like GDP but by how many of us have a role we find meaningful. We should explore ideas like universal basic income to make sure everyone has a cushion to try new ideas. ”",0
7802,Bernie Sanders and the Terms of Surrender - The New York Times,"Each week, Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor, will discuss the 2016 race and post a lightly edited transcript of their written exchange. The primary season is over. Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic nominee. Yet the question of Bernie Sanders, and just what he will do next  —   and what he expects  —   remains unresolved. Toni You recently tweeted: “A fun thought experiment: Imagine Sanders winning but Clinton refusing to endorse unless he adopted her views, etc. ” Sanders will speak to his supporters via videoconference tonight at 8:30 p. m. Eastern from Burlington, Vt. He still hasn’t endorsed her, and he’s still pushing hard for his policies. But what kind of leverage does he have? Nate I think it’s an interesting kind of leverage. The Clinton camp would certainly like his   endorsement. On the other hand, the longer he holds off endorsing, the less valuable it becomes and the more he risks marginalizing himself as the conversation moves on to the general election. Toni His goal of opening all primaries so that independents and others can vote  —   it’s more complicated than he makes it out to be, particularly if the G. O. P. has a lot of closed primaries, right? Nate It’s certainly debatable. Personally, I think that there are very good arguments on either side of the “closed” versus “open” primary debate. Both have advantages and disadvantages. I think the national mix of open and closed primaries reflects that well. That said  —   and this is somewhat subtle  —   I think the case for requiring one party to have open primaries everywhere is a little worse than the case for open primaries in the abstract. In states where the G. O. P. has closed primaries, conservative registered Democrats or registered unaffiliated voters who lean toward Republicans will be able to participate only in Democratic primaries. That can make Democratic primaries more conservative, not less. Toni   voter registration is another Sanders goal, and it sounds like a laudable one. But the Democratic National Committee can’t wave a magic wand to make it happen. Nate No, the Democrats would probably wave a wand to make it happen if they could. It would help them a lot in the general election. I believe Clinton goes even further, and supports universal automatic registration laws. But voter registration laws are set by state governments, not by the state or national parties. Sanders is barking up the wrong tree. Toni We’ve covered the issue of superdelegates. Let’s get back to the question of leverage. Everyone is wondering about the end game for Sanders. But maybe he’s on the right track. If he can drive a hard bargain at the convention, maybe he can help smooth the path to unity by showing his supporters that he’s won concessions. He may have more credibility with his supporters when he eventually comes around to supporting Clinton. He’s not the typical politician  —   in many ways. He may never run again (he’ll be 78 in 2020). So why not drive a hard bargain? Nate What’s he asking for? And what could he ask for that he could plausibly get that would have the effect you’re imagining? I think the danger for Sanders is that he loses leverage as the election moves on without him, especially if Clinton leads Trump. Toni His persona has been as a fighter, and he probably feels this is his last shot on this kind of stage. I’m not clear either on how important the specific goals are to him, but it seems important to him not to be seen as rolling over. But speaking of something specific beyond his policy preferences, he would like changes in the leadership of the Democratic National Committee, especially the removal of Debbie Wasserman Schultz. The early debate schedule set by the committee has long been a sore point with Sanders and his supporters: There were fewer debates than Sanders wanted  —   conspicuously fewer than the Republicans had  —   and most were on weekends, when fewer people would tune in. Nate I think that’s a fair complaint. But my suspicion is that Sanders isn’t withholding an endorsement because of Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Toni So then why do you think Sanders is withholding his endorsement? Nate I don’t know! I thought he would have dropped out by now. Maybe we’ll find out tonight. Toni I’d like to follow up on your big project last week: “There Are More White Voters Than People Think. That’s Good News for Trump. ” I’m curious about the reaction to it, whether some people might have misunderstood it. Ann Coulter, for example, who drove quite a few readers to the article among her supporters on the right, said it confirmed what she’s been saying all along. Nate I don’t know what she said. Toni Well, there were a lot of tweets, about 10. Like this: And this: A lot of criticism of Mitt Romney’s strategy, and a feeling that Republicans should focus on the white vote and not the Hispanic vote. Nate I don’t think she’s necessarily misinterpreting it, from what I see here. I do think it’s wrong to assume that Trump can mobilize a large pool of white voters who haven’t voted in any recent election, especially with virtually no field operation to register and mobilize them. But I do think Coulter’s basic point in that link from March  —   that there’s a lot of room for Trump to gain among white voters in the North, and that the national white vote in 2012 is misleading  —   is basically right. I doubt the G. O. P. will make big gains among Northern whites by pursuing the sort of messages and policies that Coulter prefers, but that’s a separate question. Toni But you also agree with Harry Enten of FiveThirtyEight that your data about the electorate is largely a reason to think current polls are correct. And the current polls show a fairly significant move in Clinton’s direction. Nate Sure. Whether Trump is taking advantage of the theoretical opening for a conservative populist candidate to win among white voters is a very different question from whether such an opening exists. He’s burning way too much support among   and nonwhite voters, at least right now. Toni On the question of “missing white voters,” you have suggested that they are more likely to be young white Democrats, people more likely to “feel the Bern” than to vote for Trump. Nate Yes. Toni And the announcement last week that President Obama and Clinton would travel together to Green Bay (a trip postponed because of the terror attack) seemed to dovetail with your conclusions. Whites in Wisconsin are fairly fond of Obama, or at least more fond than people might have thought. Nate Wisconsin was a great state for Obama, and it’s never been a great state for Clinton. He beat her by almost 18 points there in the 2008 Democratic primary, and she lost it to Sanders by 14 points this year. Obama won the state by seven points in 2012, which was much better than John Kerry or Al Gore did. Toni  We’re going to try hard not to focus on individual polls  —   the average of polls is what people should look at. The recent Bloomberg survey showed Clinton ahead by 12, but as you pointed out on Twitter, “Almost exactly four years ago:   shows Obama up 13 points over Romney. ” Obama wound up winning by only four points. Still, some of the numbers are scary for Trump: the percentage who say they could never vote for him (55) and the percentage of women who say they could never vote for him (63). Nate Most of the polls right now show a tighter race than Bloomberg does, so I think most of those numbers should be taken with caution.  Toni What about recent ratings that show Trump at a staggering 70 percent unfavorable? Should we shrug because it’s too early? Nate Well, this has been his big problem for months. In March and April, the same poll had his unfavorable rating at 67 percent. It’s obviously going to be very difficult for him to win if he can’t change the public’s view. In particular, I think it’s very hard for him so long as a majority of Americans have a “strongly” unfavorable view. The   poll hasn’t had it less than 48 percent all year, and it’s 56 percent in this particular survey. Toni The Bloomberg poll numbers show that people trust Trump slightly more on terrorism than Clinton. So that’s one potential way he could improve his numbers. But are you in the camp that believes it’s too early to tell how the issue will play after Orlando? Nate I’m not a big fan of issue questions in analyzing the race, so I don’t think it’s worth spending too much time dwelling on who can best handle the economy or terrorism. I think the biggest indicator I would watch is President Obama’s approval rating. If the attack takes a toll on his numbers, as the San Bernardino and Paris attacks seemed to, then that’s probably a good sign for Trump. Toni NBC News reported that the Clinton side is putting up ads in Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, Ohio, North Carolina and Nevada. But not Pennsylvania? Nate Yeah, which is a little strange to me. There are basically two views of Pennsylvania. One is that it’s sort of fool’s gold for the G. O. P. since it’s fairly close but the Democrats have a big party registration advantage and generate huge margins out of Philadelphia. The other view is that it was pretty close in 2012  —   closer than Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, and basically the same as Colorado  —   it has trended slightly toward the G. O. P. with respect to the country over the last decade or so, and it doesn’t have very many nonwhite voters. I have a slightly different view, which is that I think Pennsylvania is as good a state as any for Trump, even if it’s not a great one. So, I take the point that it’s a huge long shot. But just about everything is a long shot for Trump at this point, and I’m not convinced it’s harder for him than a state like Colorado or Virginia, which are better educated and more diverse, even if they have less Democratic voting traditions. Toni Trump recently said: “I think I’ve made polling a very important thing. ’Cause I never used to hear about polls. ” He seems so obsessed with polls that I wonder if it will drive him nuts if he stays behind. If he’s trailing into the fall, I could imagine an attempt by his side to say the polls are inaccurate  —   like the “unskewed polls” movement from many Republicans in 2012. (They insisted that the polls were wrong and that Romney would win). If it comes to that, you and analysts like Nate Silver and others will be asked repeatedly to assess that claim and address the accuracy of polls. I could see that becoming a big part of your life for a few months  —   sorry. Nate Absolutely. It was pretty annoying in 2012. Toni Are you ready? Nate I’ll make it. In recent weeks, Nate and Toni discussed whether the superdelegate system should survive looked into claims from Sanders supporters that elections were rigged and looked askance at surveys showing Sanders outperforming Clinton in polling against Donald Trump. ",0
7803,"Aleksei Navalny, Russian Opposition Leader, Receives 15-Day Sentence - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   A day after the largest antigovernment protests in more than five years, a Moscow court on Monday slapped the opposition leader behind the outburst, Aleksei A. Navalny, with a   prison sentence for resisting arrest. At the urging of Mr. Navalny, tens of thousands of Russians  —   many of them in their teens and 20s  —   poured into the streets in scores of cities across the country on Sunday to protest endemic corruption among the governing elite, despite a blanket ban against unsanctioned rallies of any size. The police responded by beating protesters and arresting more than 1, 000 in Moscow alone, though by Monday many had been released. As Mr. Navalny was led into the courtroom for a hearing that lasted much of the day, he told reporters that he was “amazed by the number of cities that took part in this and by how many people came out. ” After the judge ordered him jailed, Mr. Navalny was whisked away without being allowed a chance to comment further. In another potentially destabilizing development, Russian truck drivers across the country began organizing their largest concerted protest since December 2015, against a new toll system on national highways. Clusters of transport vehicles were parked on the shoulders of highways near major cities in what looked like preparations for roadblocks. Mr. Navalny, 40, a charismatic opposition figure, has long been caught up in multiple court cases that he calls politically motivated. He has vowed to run against President Vladimir V. Putin for the presidency in 2018, even though a previous conviction, widely viewed as trumped up, makes that technically illegal. The government has usually avoided jailing him, however, apparently fearful of turning him into an even bigger political martyr. The court on Monday also fined him about $350 for organizing an illegal demonstration. The protests provoked surprise and wonder among analysts and activists, many of whom had written off the public as politically apathetic. The high number of young people in the crowds struck many as particularly impressive. “Right now it looks like a major new phenomenon in Russia that there are young people who are active and have agendas,” Maxim Trudolyubov, a columnist, said. “One important factor is that these people all grew up under Putin. They don’t remember any other leader. ” If Mr. Navalny has breathed new life into the opposition movement by successfully getting thousands of protesters onto the streets in what he said were 99 cities, there was no immediate threat to Mr. Putin’s standing. The Russian president’s approval rating reached around 86 percent in the wake of the 2014 annexation of Crimea and has barely budged since. Mr. Putin, as the “good czar,” enjoys a status that the rest of the government falls short of. Mr. Navalny, however, in calling for people to come out to protest   corruption, rather than the president, appears to have tapped into a popular sentiment. It remained to be seen if the rallies would spread or die out. After the last protests demanding stronger democracy, which took place in Bolotnaya Square in Moscow beginning in December 2011, the government threw the book at a number of demonstrators. Jail sentences of at least three years effectively chilled the enthusiasm of the predominantly   participants. The aftermath of the rallies will show whether there is a political thaw or not, wrote Oleg Kashin, another columnist. If there is a new Bolotnaya case, he said, then it is not a thaw otherwise, it is, even if no substantial policy changes follow. There were no independent numbers available for the turnout for the rallies. The liberal radio station Echo of Moscow estimated that more than 60, 000 people had participated. Analysts cited a number of factors for the surprising strength of the protest:   anger over government suppression of peaceful demonstrations some rankling over the dreary economy and the weather, because Sunday was sunny and relatively warm for March. But overwhelmingly, they cited the youthfulness of the crowds, with many presumably participating in their first political protests. “A milestone event occurred in Irkutsk today  —   a new politically active class was born,” Aleksei Petrov, a longtime election monitor in the Siberian city, wrote on Facebook. “Almost a thousand young people of student age have taken to the streets. ” The young are less likely to watch state television, which endlessly exalts Mr. Putin and government policy. Indeed, all of the   channels ignored the rallies. Instead, young Russians tend to turn to independent voices who broadcast their own shows on YouTube. The immediate inspiration for Sunday’s protest was a nearly   video compiled by Mr. Navalny and his colleagues and released on March 2. It detailed what they called a web of dubious charitable organizations that funneled bribes from prominent oligarchs to Prime Minister Dmitri A. Medvedev, allowing him to maintain a series of luxurious estates, vineyards and yachts in Russia and abroad. It has been viewed more than 13 million times. “I am glad and happy that a new generation grew up in the country that will not accept such attitudes from the government and wants to feel that they are citizens,” Mr. Navalny told reporters in court. “This was news to many yesterday, including me. ” Victor Zadorozhnyi, 26, a real estate broker who was attending his first political rally in Moscow, said: “Have you noticed that only young people are around? Why so?” He predicted, accurately, that none of the events would appear on Channel One, a main government mouthpiece. “Younger people have smarter eyes,” he said. “Elder people, they have rigid brains watching Channel One is a routine for them  —   they switch it on to see what is Channel One telling us. Everything’s good, Mashka the cat had kittens yesterday. ” For its part, the Kremlin denounced what it called illegal rallies, though the organizers maintained they had permits for 21 of the protests. “The Kremlin respects the civic stance of the people and their right to voice their position,” Dmitri S. Peskov, the spokesman for Mr. Putin, told reporters. “We can’t express the same respect for those who consciously misinformed people. ” Mr. Peskov accused the opposition of jeopardizing and exploiting “children” by promising them some manner of reward for attending. It was not clear what he was referring to, though Mr. Navalny had offered to help anyone arrested to seek redress and compensation through the European Court of Human Rights. Mr. Peskov defended the actions of the security forces, who often grappled with demonstrators and seemed to cart off some who had not been participating in the protests. “Law enforcement was acting in a totally correct, highly professional and lawful way,” he said. He denied that the Kremlin had ordered a news blackout on   channels, even though none of them reported on the rallies. “We don’t shape the editorial policies of TV channels,” Mr. Peskov said. The spokesman said the Kremlin was aware that the protests had not been concentrated in the main cities alone, another phenomenon not seen for years. “The Kremlin is quite sober when analyzing the scale of yesterday’s protests,” he said, adding that it would neither “diminish, nor exaggerate the numbers. ” The fate of all the arrested protesters in Moscow and other cities was not clear. The police put the figure at 500 arrests in Moscow alone, but an independent organization that tracks such detentions put the number at closer to 1, 000. Most were released overnight.",0
7804,"Superbugs: Big Pharma to blame for coming death of 700,000 people annually","Superbugs: Big Pharma to blame for coming death of 700,000 people annually 
Sunday, October 30, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: superbugs , antibiotics abuse , Big Pharma (NaturalNews) As new guidelines set forth by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to curb antibiotic overuse and abuse on factory farms slowly come into effect, the drug industry is apparently setting its greedy sights elsewhere – towards countries where restrictions on antibiotic use are looser, or simply where ""anything goes.""Livestock are the single biggest consumers of antibiotic drugs in the U.S. – not by choice, of course, but because farmers have long been sold a bill of goods by Big Pharma when it comes to using them to bulk up their cattle more quickly and get them to market as fast as possible. It's a common practice that generates a lot of money in the short-term, but a whole lot of problems in the long-term.The use of antibiotics on farms is arguably the biggest contributor to antibiotic resistance among humans, where drugs that used to treat deadly bugs no longer do. The result is the emergence of so-called ""superbugs"" that are capable of outsmarting even the most potent antibiotics, a phenomenon that's killing people by the hundreds of thousands.Some of the latest reports indicate that the superbug epidemic is claiming the lives of some 700,000 people annually all around the world. And if nothing is done now to stop the drug industry from continuing to poison the well, so to speak, then this number is expected to balloon more than 14-fold to 10 million lives lost by the year 2050.According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there are very few countries in the world with any sort of formidable plan in place to address antibiotic resistance. Even with the U.S. somewhat taking the lead with voluntary FDA suggestions on the matter, none of this will stop drug companies from preying on the developing world that has yet to enact any sort of restrictions on antibiotic use.""They're international companies,"" Gail Hansen, a veterinarian and consultant who works with drug companies, governments and nonprofit organizations, told Bloomberg . ""What happens in the U.S. does certainly make a difference, but it's not the only market they have."" Antibiotic resistance kills 10 times more people than opiate overdoses While it's become common practice for factory animal rearers to exploit antibiotics as a way to fatten their stocks more quickly and supposedly keep them healthy, the use of these drugs for such purposes is disastrous for public health. Comparatively speaking, only 69,000 people die from opiate overdoses globally, which translates to 10 times more people dying from superbugs than from the most deadly pharmaceuticals on the market.Antibiotics are also overused in the realm of human medicine, with some one-third of all prescriptions, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Pew Charitable Trusts, being completely unnecessary. This translates to roughly 47 million prescriptions that aren't even helpful, either because the patients have a viral infection, or don't have an infection at all.The only way anything is going to change is if Big Pharma is barred from selling antibiotics to farmers whose only desire is to rush their animals to market for maximum profits. Doctors must also be reigned in and stopped from indiscriminately handing out antibiotics whenever their patients feel any kind of ailment – and again, these measures must have a global reach.""If some of the biggest responsible parties – namely the companies making the products – are still selling the antibiotics in other countries, it just underscores that this has to be a change that happens across the entire world,"" David Wallinga, a senior health official and physician at the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), told Bloomberg .""And the companies bear a big responsibility for that approach."" Sources for this article include:",0
7805,"In Sumner Redstone Affair, His Decline Upends Estate Planning - The New York Times","With a fortune estimated at over $5 billion, Sumner M. Redstone could afford the best estate planning that money could buy. What he ended up with is a mess  —   no matter the outcome of the welter of lawsuits swirling around Mr. Redstone, the ailing media mogul who turned 93 last Friday. A lawsuit brought by Manuela Herzer, one of Mr. Redstone’s    romantic partners, stripped him of whatever dignity he might have hoped to retain by publicly revealing humiliating details about his physical and sexual appetites and his diminishing mental capacity. A medical expert said Mr. Redstone suffers from dementia that’s “toward the severe end of moderate. ” That case was dismissed last month, but the testimony was just the curtain raiser for a far more important showdown now unfolding between Mr. Redstone’s previously estranged daughter, Shari Redstone, and the man who had seemed to be his handpicked heir apparent, Philippe Dauman. The fate of the   CBS and Viacom hang in the balance. Mr. Dauman is the chief executive of Viacom, and was  —   until recently  —   Mr. Redstone’s longtime confidant and a trustee of the trust that controls 80 percent of National Amusements (his daughter owns the remaining 20 percent). National Amusements in turn owns 80 percent of the voting stock in both CBS and Viacom. Mr. Dauman now finds himself in the seemingly contradictory position of arguing that Mr. Redstone, as his lawsuit asserts, “suffers from profound physical and mental illness,” only months after he said in court papers filed in Ms. Herzer’s case that Mr. Redstone was “engaged and attentive. ” (Mr. Dauman maintains in his lawsuit that Mr. Redstone has deteriorated since then.) Mr. Redstone “now faces a situation where it appears that people around him are competing for control and each has their own objectives,” said Georgiana Slade, head of the trusts and estates group at the law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley  McCloy in New York. “It seems that many people with an interest are attempting to influence decisions related to his estate, the trust and Viacom. But the real question should be: What does Mr. Redstone himself want?” While it may be an extreme example of the high stakes and chaos that can result, “the Redstone pattern is happening in epidemic proportions,” said Kerry Peck, an estate planning specialist and managing partner at Peck Ritchey in Chicago and a   of the book “Alzheimer’s and the Law. ” “Caregivers in particular, often younger women, are ingratiating themselves into the lives of older men,” Mr. Peck said. “They meet them at places you’d consider safe, like senior centers, churches and synagogues. They start as caregivers, and then they become romantic suitors. We’re seeing these scenarios with stunning frequency. ” As Americans live longer and more families are forced to cope with common    issues like dementia, the problem is getting worse. “It’s a huge issue nationally as the elderly population grows and their minds start to falter,” Ms. Slade said. “I’ve seen charities coming after people for multiple gifts: Sometimes these donors don’t remember that they already gave the previous week. Romantic partners, caregivers who take advantage of the elderly  —   we’re seeing it all. ” Elderly people may be especially susceptible to the influence of people who happen to be around them during their waning days. Ms. Slade and other Milbank lawyers were   to the public administrator overseeing the estate of Huguette Clark, the reclusive heiress who died in 2011 at the age of 104. Despite good health, she lived the last 20 years of her life in New York hospitals. She bestowed lavish gifts on various caregivers ($31 million to one nurse) and left the bulk of her $300 million fortune to her nurse and a charitable foundation controlled by her lawyers and accountant, to the exclusion of family members. The family challenged the will in court and Milbank, on behalf of the public administrator, sought to recoup the gifts for the estate. The cases were settled and family members said they hoped to call attention to a growing problem of elder abuse. “This is an issue for lots of people of even modest wealth,” said David M. English, a professor of trusts and estates at the University of Missouri School of Law and former chairman of the American Bar Association’s commission on law and aging. Professor English said the most common approach is the creation of a trust, either revocable (which means it can later be changed) or irrevocable, that anticipates such a problem and defines what the creator of the trust means by incapacity. This could be a much less rigorous standard than is typically applied by courts in the absence of such a definition. “The document should define the meaning of incapacity and, more importantly, indicate who determines incapacity,” Professor English said. Mr. Redstone created such a trust, but it cedes little control to others as long as he remains alive, and it doesn’t specifically define incapacity. According to his lawyers, his trust is irrevocable, but Mr. Redstone is the sole beneficiary as long as he’s alive, and he has the power to remove or add trustees unless he’s “incapacitated. ” “This can occur only if Mr. Redstone is adjudged incompetent by a court, or upon the delivery of a document signed by three doctors stating that, based on medical evidence, he is unable to manage his affairs in a competent manner,” according to a court filing by Mr. Redstone’s lawyers. Who controls the   board of his trust is critical, since the National Amusements trust will control Mr. Redstone’s assets, including his dominant stakes in CBS and Viacom, should Mr. Redstone die or be deemed incapacitated. Though long at odds with Ms. Redstone (who is a trustee, as is her son) Mr. Dauman and the other four nonfamily trustees seemed safely in charge as long as they retained Mr. Redstone’s support. But last month, Mr. Redstone abruptly dismissed Mr. Dauman and another longstanding trustee in what Mr. Dauman called “a shameful effort by Shari Redstone to seize control. ” Mr. Dauman and his   filed suit in Massachusetts (where Mr. Redstone’s trust was created) to have their dismissal deemed invalid on grounds that Ms. Redstone had isolated her father and was exercising undue influence over him, all claims that Ms. Redstone denies. The trial is scheduled to begin next week. Mr. Redstone’s lawyers filed suit in Los Angeles, seeking a ruling that the trustee changes were valid. Which court would prevail in the event of inconsistent rulings could be the subject of yet another round of litigation. Mr. Redstone’s mental capacity is a central issue in both the California and Massachusetts lawsuits. “In drafting a trust like this, you need very clear standards and protocols for determining capacity,” Ms. Slade said. An elderly client, she added, “will often require the assistance of a lawyer to protect him from himself in his old age. ” She emphasized that different decisions might require different standards for determining capacity. “The real question,” Ms. Slade said, “is does someone have the capacity for the decision at issue? It’s one thing to be deciding what you want for dinner and something very different to decide who should be running a major corporation. ”   trusts can make such distinctions. Mr. Redstone “could have avoided many of these problems if he’d created a trust that allowed a majority of trustees to conclude that he didn’t have the capacity to remove trustees,” Mr. Peck said. Trusts often contain such a provision that automatically goes into effect when the creator of the trust reaches a designated age, such as 75 or 80. But sometimes no amount of legal advice can save people from an unwillingness to face their own mortality and cede control while still in full control of their faculties. “There aren’t any sympathetic characters here,” said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, a professor at the Yale School of Management and author of a book on corporate succession, “The Hero’s Farewell: What Happens When C. E. O.s Retire. ” “Sumner Redstone,” Mr. Sonnenfeld said, “brought this mess on himself. ”",0
7806,Donald Trump’s Threat to Close Door Reopens Old Wounds in Cuba - The New York Times,"HAVANA  —   It seemed like a new chapter in a long and troubled history. Thousands of Cubans bid farewell to Fidel Castro on Monday, filing into a plaza where he often railed against American imperialism. The same morning, the first regularly scheduled flight from the United States in more than 50 years landed in Havana, a potent example of the newly opened doors between the former rivals. But   Donald J. Trump warned on Monday that the push to build ties with Cuba after decades of animosity could quickly be wiped away. “If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the   people and the U. S. as a whole, I will terminate deal,” he said on Twitter. Mr. Trump’s message threatened to end one of President Obama’s signature foreign policy initiatives. Mr. Obama’s moves to relax restrictions on commerce, trade and financial transactions with Cuba were never part of a single “deal,” but rather a decision that engagement with the island nation would bring more change than decades of isolation. “Change is going to come to Cuba,” Mr. Obama said shortly after announcing the thaw in December 2014. “It has to. ” Since then, the number of American visitors to Cuba has risen quickly, with hotels in Havana sometimes being booked nearly a year in advance, often with large American tour groups. Billions of dollars in goods from American stores like Walmart and Best Buy, financed on American credit cards, make their way to Cuba every year, experts estimate. Restaurants, cellphones and the internet have changed the rhythms and expectations of Cuban life. But critics have long attacked Mr. Obama, saying he gave too much to the Cubans too soon, without first demanding that they open up their society and usher in an era of political freedom. Now, after two years of presidential directives by Mr. Obama to strengthen ties with Cuba, and millions of dollars in American investments, a question remains: Can the détente be rolled back? Even some Obama administration officials concede that the thaw is highly vulnerable to reversal because much of it has been accomplished through executive action. Mr. Trump could, for example, order the State Department to review its decision last year to remove Cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism, or suspend diplomatic relations that were resumed last summer with the opening of embassies in Havana and Washington. But Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, argued on Monday that Mr. Trump would have a hard time reversing a policy that had already yielded business deals and benefited the people of both countries. There will soon be 110 daily flights from the United States to Cuba, he noted, not to mention the investments by cruise, tour and hotel operators to prepare for those visits. “Unrolling all of that is much more complicated than just the stroke of a pen,” Mr. Earnest said, adding, “It’s just not as simple as one tweet might make it seem. ” The Cuban government remained uncharacteristically silent on similar threats Mr. Trump made during the campaign, choosing instead to issue a congratulatory note after his election. But when Mr. Trump takes office, and his words become policy, “the Cuban government will have to respond, but hopefully with moderation,” said Ricardo Torres, a professor of economics at the University of Havana. Professor Torres said that there was much to be lost if the concessions were reversed, and that Havana would exercise restraint in its dealings with the Trump administration. But Mr. Trump’s antagonistic posture could embolden those in the Cuban government who have always been suspicious of the Americans and were against the warming relations brokered by President Raúl Castro, Fidel’s brother. “There’s no question this is a bad start to things,” Professor Torres said as thousands of students streamed by to bid goodbye to Fidel Castro, adding that Mr. Trump’s “belligerent attitude and animosity gives more reasons for suspicion and confirms the belief that this warming of relations wasn’t real. ” Mr. Trump has placed Mauricio   a lobbyist who has been a harsh critic of Mr. Obama’s opening to Cuba, on his transition team for the Treasury Department. Under Mr. Obama, the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which handles sanctions, has issued several rounds of regulations to remove impediments for American companies and individuals seeking to do business with Cuba and to travel there. In an opinion piece in The Miami Herald this month, Mr.   argued that Mr. Obama’s “new course for Cuba has made a bad situation worse. ” Human rights activists have long complained that the Cuban government simply shifted its strategy regarding political prisoners after Mr. Obama’s détente. No longer are Cuban dissidents jailed for prolonged sentences, activists say. Instead, they are now rounded up for a few hours or a few days, according to the Cuban Human Rights and National Reconciliation Commission, which logs every detention. There were 9, 125 detentions from January through October this year, the commission said  —   more than four times as many as in all of 2010. The highest number of arrests, 1, 416, occurred in March, when Mr. Obama made his historic visit to Cuba, becoming the first sitting American president to do so in 88 years. “To be clear, the   wants to see freedom in Cuba for Cubans,” said Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump. Still, Elizardo Sánchez, who runs the commission, said Mr. Obama’s more open policy had helped more than it had hurt. “The personal contact that comes from all the travel has a huge impact in terms of fighting propaganda,” he said. “In a closed society, the door can only be opened a bit at a time. It’s going very slowly, but it’s happening. ” Others took Mr. Trump’s words as an assault that threatened to restart the kind of hostilities that the thaw was meant to end. “For a lot of people, it is an open threat to our sovereignty and history,” said Juan Alejandro Triana, also a professor at the University of Havana. “If the government of the   threatens these things, we will respond. ” And yet, with the loss of Mr. Castro, Cuba’s response would most likely be muted, and easier for the world to ignore. Without their leader, for many, Mr. Trump’s comments seemed reminiscent of the longstanding policy of confrontation between the two nations. “We don’t have anyone else like him right now,” Randy Calderon, a biology student at Havana University, said of Mr. Castro as he stood in a crowd of thousands paying tribute on university grounds. Inside the law school, where Mr. Castro studied, a small shrine had been set up showing him as a student leader, with posters filled with comments from students, many expressing a desire for Mr. Castro to live forever as the country’s “eternal comandante. ” Even Cubans who challenge the ideology of “Fidelismo” express support for some of the revolution’s achievements, especially universal health care, and they often call for exactly the kind of hybrid of socialism and capitalism that the recent détente with the United States has expanded. Carlos Alzugaray Treto, a former Cuban diplomat, said the urgency to lock those changes into place had only intensified with Mr. Trump’s victory. “That type of bullying won’t work with Cuba,” he said. “Mr. Trump should remember the main reason President Obama changed the policy and made the agreement with Raúl Castro: The previous policy had failed. ” Financially speaking, the biggest and most immediate impact of reversing détente would be in the travel and hospitality sector in Cuba. The surge in American visitors to Cuba since the easing of travel restrictions has been a boon to hotels, transportation and the restaurant scene in Havana. Reversing some of Mr. Obama’s decisions could be legally difficult. Companies like JetBlue, Starwood and Airbnb have invested millions of dollars in time and resources to enter the Cuban market, and did so with the American government’s blessing. “In theory, Donald Trump has the ability to reverse almost everything Obama has done,” said Matthew D. Aho, an adviser on Cuba at the New York office of the Akerman law firm. “In practice, that reversal would be far more complicated from a legal process than most observers realize. ” Niuris Ysabel Higueras Martínez runs Atelier, a popular restaurant in Havana where Michelle Obama dined with her daughters during the president’s trip this year. Ms. Martínez is one of the nearly 500, 000   businesspeople who have entered the work force since the government began loosening employment restrictions in 2008. In 2015, she saw her business increase by 50 percent, she said, the largest rise since she opened in 2010. For the most part, the increase was a result of American visitors, who now make up some 85 percent of her clientele. “It would be a major blow to us,” Ms. Martínez said of Mr. Trump’s threats to reverse the détente. “Still, while we really need the American market, it won’t be the end of the world. We aren’t going to die. ” The debate is unfolding amid a fight among influential   who are vying for the  ’s ear. On one side are   who advocate clamping down on the relationship and insisting on concessions in exchange for any United States engagement. On the other is a growing group that is pressing for further opening. “He’s surrounded by people who are only giving him one point of view  —   a very straight,   approach that says we need to go back to the old approach  —   and it would be wise for him to be hearing the other side and the benefits of continuing to engage Cuba,” said Carlos Gutierrez, a Republican former commerce secretary who heads the U. S. Chamber of Commerce’s business council on Cuba. “To just get rid of that strikes me as going well overboard. ” After Mr. Castro’s death, he added, Cubans “would feel like when they needed us most, we turned our backs on them. ”",0
7807,Sucker MCs to blame for everything,"Sucker MCs to blame for everything 15-11-16 SUCKER MCs and their lack of dope rhymes are responsible for the state of the world, it has emerged. Researchers at the Institute of Studies found that lame-ass MCs and their wack lyrics are directly to blame for everything from the US election result to global warming. Professor Henry Brubaker said: “If it wasn’t for these so-called rappers ruining it for the rest of us straight up G’s, then Trump would never have gotten into power and Britain would still be part of the EU. “ Toblerones would have stayed the same too. “Bad things happen when fools can’t keep away from microphones.” Sucker MC Nathan Muir said: “I resent the term ‘sucker MC’, preferring to call myself a ‘differently-abled MC’. “ I’m at least better than that bear who raps Ice Ice Baby on that yoghurt advert. Now he is a sucker MC, rapping for big yoghurt companies. “ I can’t imagine anyone is going to next his next album very seriously now that he’s done that.” 
Save",0
