id,title,text,label
17034,BREAKING: IRAN REJECTED U.S. NUKE DEAL As They’re About To Receive Over $10 Billion In Unfrozen Assets,"Say what?The Iranian parliament has rejected the formal, legal text of President Barack Obama s nuclear deal, negotiated in July by the U.S., U.K., France, Germany, Russia, China and the Tehran regime.Instead, the majilis approved their own version of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), creating a situation where the Iranian government simply hasn t signed on to the accord that Obama and Democratic Senators obligated the United States to uphold.Western media incorrectly reported that the majilis approved the actual text of the JCPOA, according to experts.New York Post columnist Amir Taheri has explained in a series of social media posts that Iran s version of the deal calls for the cancellation of sanctions against the regime in Tehran.He also noted that Iran s version of the nuke deal calls for the dismantling of Israel s nuclear weapons program, citing Iranian parliamentarian Kazem Jalali.The Middle East Media Research Center (MEMRI), a regional watchdog organization, has confirmed that Iran did not pass the deal agreed upon in July. They instead voted to pass the amended version by a vote of 161-59.Iranian lawmakers tried to unilaterally amend the deal to strip the United States  ability to  snapback  sanctions should the Tehran regime cheat the agreement. They also replaced the language to ensure that the deal will  cancel  sanctions forever, instead of  suspending  them, MEMRI reported.The Middle East monitoring group added that the decision to amend the deal unilaterally came at the behest of Iran s dictator, Ali Khamenei, who on September 3 promised not to honor the agreement with Obama.Moreover, the American Enterprise Institute s Iran Tracker site noted that Iran considered its unilateral amendments to the deal as four  minor changes. Separately, as Iranian regime parliamentarians were voting on their own version of the nuke deal, its military was testing a precision-guided ballistic missile in direct violation of United Nations Security Resolution 1929.The Iranian government has ramped up its regional aggression in the past few months, as Iran is set to soon receive tens of billions of dollars in unfrozen assets.Tehran s military is now deeply involved in the ongoing civil war in Syria, with some estimates stating that there are 7,000 soldiers in Syria attempting to prop up Bashar al-Assad s dictatorial rule. Iran has also continued to provide aid and arms to terror groups Hamas and Hezbollah, and has assisted the Houthi insurgents in Yemen. Multiple Gulf states have also accused the regime of backing terrorist movements that seek to overthrow their governments. Via: Breitbart News",0
17035,"WOW! WORLD’S TOP PHYSICIST AND DEMOCRAT: Obama Backs “Wrong Side” In War On “Climate Change”, Follow The Money, Carbon Does Far More Good Than Harm","B b but does this mean global climate change is not man made and that man is not more powerful than God? Here s our Liar In Chief trying to tell America that all of the top scientists in America agree with him:The climate models used by alarmist scientists to predict global warming are getting worse, not better; carbon dioxide does far more good than harm; and President Obama has backed the  wrong side  in the war on  climate change. So says one of the world s greatest theoretical physicists, Dr Freeman Dyson (pictured above), the British-born, naturalised American citizen who worked at Princeton University as a contemporary of Einstein and has advised the US government on a wide range of scientific and technical issues.In an interview with Andrew Orlowski of The Register, Dyson expressed his despair at the current scientific obsession with climate change which he says is  not a scientific mystery but a human mystery. How does it happen that a whole generation of scientific experts is blind to the obvious facts. This mystery, says Dyson, can only partly be explained in terms of follow the money. Also to blame, he believes, is a kind of collective yearning for apocalyptic doom.It is true that there s a large community of people who make their money by scaring the public, so money is certainly involved to some extent, but I don t think that s the full explanation.It s like a hundred years ago, before World War I, there was this insane craving for doom, which in a way, helped cause World War I. People like the poet Rupert Brooke were glorifying war as an escape from the dullness of modern life. [There was] the feeling we d gone soft and degenerate, and war would be good for us all. That was in the air leading up to World War I, and in some ways it s in the air today.Dyson, himself a longstanding Democrat voter, is especially disappointed by his chosen party s unscientific stance on the climate change issue.It s very sad that in this country, political opinion parted [people s views on climate change]. I m 100 per cent Democrat myself, and I like Obama. But he took the wrong side on this issue, and the Republicans took the right side.Part of the problem, he says, is the Democrats  conflation of  pollution  (a genuine problem) with  climate change  (a natural phenomenon quite beyond mankind s ability to control).China and India rely on coal to keep growing, so they ll clearly be burning coal in huge amounts. They need that to get rich. Whatever the rest of the world agrees to, China and India will continue to burn coal, so the discussion is quite pointless.At the same time, coal is very unpleasant stuff, and there are problems with coal quite apart from climate. I remember in England when we burned coal, everything was filthy. It was really bad, and that s the way it is now in China, but you can clean that up as we did in England. It takes a certain amount of political willpower, and that takes time. Pollution is quite separate to the climate problem: one can be solved, and the other cannot, and the public doesn t understand that.The short-to-medium term solution to the pollution problem, he argues, is the replacement of coal with much-maligned shale gas, whose rejection by much of Europe he finds unfathomable and counter-productive.As far as the next 50 years are concerned, there are two main forces of energy, which are coal and shale gas. Emissions have been going down in the US while they ve going up in Europe, and that s because of shale gas. It s only half the carbon dioxide emissions of coal. China may in fact be able to develop shale gas on a big scale and that means they burn a lot less coal.It seems complete madness to prohibit shale gas. You wondered if climate change is an Anglophone preoccupation. Well, France is even more dogmatic than Britain about shale gas!Dyson, 91, has enjoyed a long, distinguished career as a physicist, mathematician and public intellectual, showing promise as early as the age of five when he calculated the number of atoms in the sun. During World War II, he worked at the Operation Research Section of the Royal Air Force s Bomber Command, before moving to the US where Robert Oppenheimer awarded him a permanent post at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton. He also worked at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, looking at the climate system 25 years ago, before it became a hot political issue.The dangers of carbon dioxide, he believes, have been much overrated. In a foreword to a report for The Global Warming Policy Foundation by Indur Goklany called Carbon Dioxide: The Good News,   as reported here at Breitbart   he says:To any unprejudiced person reading this account, the facts should be obvious: that the non-climatic effects of carbon dioxide as a sustainer of wildlife and crop plants are enormously beneficial, that the possibly harmful climatic effects of carbon dioxide have been greatly exaggerated, and that the benefits clearly outweigh the possible damage.I consider myself an unprejudiced person and to me these facts are obvious. But the same facts are not obvious to the majority of scientists and politicians who consider carbon dioxide to be evil and dangerous. The people who are supposed to be experts and who claim to understand the science are precisely the people who are blind to the evidence.He likens the  climate change  issue to some of the other  irrational beliefs  promoted through history  by famous thinkers and adopted by loyal disciples. Sometimes, as in the use of bleeding as a treatment for various diseases, irrational belief did harm to a large number of human victims. George Washington was one of the victims. Other irrational beliefs, such as the phlogiston theory of burning or the Aristotelian cosmology of circular celestial motions, only did harm by delaying the careful examination of nature. In all these cases, we see a community of people happily united in a false belief that brought leaders and followers together. Anyone who questioned the prevailing belief would upset the peace of the community.Dyson s refusal ever to accommodate himself with the modish notions of the hour may explain why, unlike some of his less distinguished and brilliant contemporaries over the years, he has never been awarded a Nobel Prize.He concludes: I am hoping that the scientists and politicians who have been blindly demonizing carbon dioxide for 37 years will one day open their eyes and look at the evidence. Via: Breitbart News",0
17036,OBAMA’S LAWFUL EXTORTION: IRS Levies Major Fine On US Citizen For Not Contributing His “Shared Responsibility”,"According to Ben Miller, he was paying $398 per month for his health insurance policy when he was notified his monthly payment would be increased to $1400 per month. Since Ben chose not to pay the $1400/month health insurance payment, he was fined by the IRS. Here is the copy of his IRS statement showing he owes a staggering $2,344 for not contributing his  shared responsibility. Our records show you have an unpaid shared responsibility payment for the tax year ending December 31, 2014.The law allows us to assess this payment against you for not securing minimal essential health insurance for you and your dependents if applicable.As a result, your balance is $2,344.00. The balance shown is due immediately. Here is Benjamin Miller s original FB post:Thanks Obama for the fine for not having insurance  Because the the plan I had that was 398.00 a month for my family only increased to 1400.00 a month in 2014 So I chose not to pay 1400.00 a month  So got a nice little fine  Thanks for the affordable care act.  Thanks for making it so affordable!!",0
17037,IT’S CHRISTMAS IN OCTOBER: American Debt Is $18 Trillion But Dems Want To Give Away Free Goodies For Votes,"This one sentence should scare every taxpaying American to death: I know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it. - HRCLast night s debate for the candidates running for President on the Democrat side proved to be a fluff fest as if Santa himself was in the room. Free college, free this and free that Could someone please tell these people we re 18 TRILLION dollars in debt!Here s the transcript from Rush today that speaks to this Santa syndrome in the Democrat party:RUSH: First up is a montage here from the debate last night. Bernie Sanders, Hillary, Lincoln Chafee, and they re all talking about all the free stuff. College and health care and whatever you want. If you re an illegal immigrant, it s all yours. All you have to do is show up.SANDERS: Make every public college and university in this country tuition-free.HILLARY: Anyone to go to a public college or university tuition-free.SANDERS: We re all gonna have medical and family paid leave.HILLARY: Make sure every child gets health care, including undocumented children and others.CHAFEE: Funding education, funding infrastructure, funding health care.HILLARY: Enhance the benefits for the poorest recipients of Social Security.SANDERS: We should be putting money into education. I want Wall Street now to help kids in this country go to college, public colleges and universities.HILLARY: I know we can afford it because we re gonna make the wealthy pay for it.RUSH: (laughing) We can afford it  cause we re gonna make the wealthy pay. We are $18 trillion in debt. Now, you can afford anything if you ignore that, and if you don t think that s a problem and if that number is irrelevant, the money never has to even be serviced or paid back, then of course you can afford anything. But the truth is, we can t afford anything. We can afford maybe, what, what s the number that we drag in by tax revenue every year? The numbers are confusing, but $3 trillion whatever we can afford every year, but we so exceed that. We have exceeded it for so long. We re already paying for things we can t afford. And these people just want to lap more and more on top of it.Via: Rush Limbaugh",0
17038,LAND GRAB ALERT: Texas Rancher Could Lose 600 Acres To Feds [Video],"Another situation like the Bundy Ranch land grab has arisen in Texas the BLM (Bureau of Land Management) is claiming 600 acres of Ken Aderholt s land and is saying his deed to the land is no good. Mr. Aderholt has been a rancher on this property since 1941! The best hope for mr. Aderholt is if he puts up a big stink like Mr. Bundy did when people rallied for him. Ken Aderholt was born in Harrold, Texas, and grew up on the state border.Aderholt s family has been running cattle on land near the Red River since 1941. It has been running through generations and handed on down to me,  Aderholt said.His hope was that his two boys would be able to carry on the family business and tradition. They come down here a lot and play,  Aderholt explained.  They help with the cattle and help building fences. They are very interested in hanging round here and helping me out. But his land could soon be in the hands of the Bureau of Land Management. Aderholt, like many other Red River property owners, has been told that the land his family has owned for over 70 years is no longer his. The BLM is saying we should have never had a deed to it. That Texas should have never produced that deed,  Aderholt said.However, the second generation rancher isn t giving up his land without a fight. KAUZ-TV: Newschannel 6 Now | Wichita Falls, TXAderholt said the only land the BLM does have a right to is along the gradient boundary. It varies, the way the water washes and cuts into different properties, but it has always been just a little slither of property,  Aderholt said.According to the Bureau of Land Management, the true boundary is about half a mile inland, or roughly 600 of Aderholt s 1,250 acres.Aderholt s house is located inside the 600 acres the BLM wants to claim. While he s been notified the land could be taken, he has not been told what the U.S. government plans to do with it. It is a land grab,  Aderholt emphasized.  As far as I am concerned, this is private property,  said Aderholt.Via: Newschannel6now",0
17039,NOT KIDDING: Why Government Is Forcing Manhattan Landlord To Give $3200 A Month Apartment To Immigrant Free For Life,"Thanks to our government, the land of opportunity has taken on a whole new meaning An immigrant cabby scored the deal of a lifetime   a Chelsea pad for free until he dies   thanks to an obscure provision in the city s rent-stabilization law.TLC-licensed driver Oltimdje Ouattara hit the apartment jackpot after he began renting a room for $48 a night at an illegal hostel called the Chelsea Highline Hotel at 184 11th Ave. in August.Ouattara learned that since the building was registered with the city for single-room occupancy, he just had to submit a written request to become a permanent tenant there   and his  rent  would be locked in for life.It s the same legal loophole that had been used by five other hacks in the building before him. As The Post has exclusively reported, the other cabbies landed deals requiring them to pay around $300 a month for apartments that can go for up to $3,200.But Ouattara was able to net an even sweeter deal   allowing him to pay absolutely nothing   because the official listed rate on his illegal room was  $0.  And a judge said that s what the rent for his assigned room, No. 201, would stay.Ouattara has been sharing a one-room apartment in The Bronx with five other people since the hostel manager locked him out.Manhattan Housing Court Justice Sabrina Kraus appeared to be furious at the Chelsea landlord. She said the landlord should have been  well aware of [his] obligations  because he had lost a nearly identical case brought by Ouattara s neighbor, Hamidou Guira, weeks earlier.Ouattara managed to slip his lease request in just before building owner Chelsea Skybox LLC closed down the hostel, ensuring others can t follow suit.Lawyers for Chelsea Skybox LLC, which is controlled by Israeli developer John Leitersdorf and his partner, John Jacobsen, did not return messages seeking comment.But they have filed a lawsuit against Ouattara, the city and the state, claiming the housing laws are  unconstitutional  and  tantamount to taking property without due process.  Via: NYP",0
17040,State Workers GIVEN THE DAY OFF And Paid To Be Seat Fillers At Gore/Cuomo Climate Change Event,"Using state employees to fill a room for political purposes is called  astroturfing . Cuomo wanted it to look like people were actually interested in the global warming scam and an appearance by grifter Al Gore. Taxpayer dollars are the REAL issue here! Cuomo thought nothing of wasting taxpayer dollars to give the state employees the day off so they d fill a room ridiculous! Gov. Cuomo wasn t taking any chances that there might be empty seats at a speech he delivered last week on climate change   so state workers were summoned on the taxpayer dime to fill the audience, The Post has learned.The workers said they left their jobs in the middle of the day Thursday and were paid their full salaries to hear Cuomo at Columbia University announce the state was joining a global effort to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions.  I d rather be at the park,  said one of the workers, who is employed by the state s Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation and who has no connection to climate issues. He explained that he went because his boss  asked me to make some time available in my schedule.  The worker confessed that he didn t know what the event was about before he agreed to go. He said attendance is not required, but is viewed favorably, and that the practice is common throughout state government to support Cuomo.  They often ask,  he said, referring to supervisors.  We get e-mails, and they ll ask us if we want to go.  The worker said he would not have volunteered if he were not getting paid his regular salary.  It better be on the clock,  he said. The 2:30 p.m. event, which lasted about an hour and included speeches from former Vice President Al Gore as well as Columbia s President Lee Bollinger, focused on Cuomo s plan to have state agencies work with other states and cities worldwide to reduce carbon emissions. A state Department of Health worker told The Post that supervisors offered employees the  option of attending the event  instead of working.  If they watched Cuomo, they could go home afterward instead of returning to work, the employee said. He called the practice  AstroTurfing    an attempt to fabricate grass-roots support.  Public employees take an oath that they won t use their position for their personal advantage,  the employee said.  How can you expect any state workers to take it seriously when the boss isn t leading by example?  Good-government advocates questioned why state workers were being paid to attend an event designed to bolster an elected official s credentials.  It s a questionable use of state resources,  said Dick Dadey, executive director of Citizens Union.Read more: NYP",0
17041,TOP 10 TWEETS From Democrat Debate,"Here s the fake black guy, Shaun King weighing in on how awesome it is that Bernie Sanders can now come out of the socialist closet. Because America is soooo ready (or so Shaun thinks anyhow) to embrace a socialist. Here is his tweet:#1.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654100720929632256Here is a great question from the Janie Johnson:#2.The bottom 49% of earners pay zero taxes   how much more  fair  do you want the tax system? #DemDebate  Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) October 14, 2015Truth!#3.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128633385107456And this tweet is priceless:#4.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128132295802880Some race baiters were not satisfied that enough divisive questions were posed to the candidates. How much time exactly should we giving to the issue of race during our presidential debates? Would 50% of the debate time be acceptable to the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists?The first is from #BLM activist and George Soros favorite, Deray McKesson:#5..@AndersonCooper, you were strong tonight, though I hope there are more questions about race at the next debate. #DemDebate  deray mckesson (@deray) October 14, 2015Next is from the fake black guy, Shaun King who bemoans the lack of diversity on the debate stage:#6 and #7https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654095075069296640https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654113225005510656And then we have the self proclaimed  Trump girls,  Diamond and Silk weighing in on the debate hilarious!#8.We out. This is not a debate. This is a disgrace. Hope .@realDonaldTrump come to save the day. #stump4trumpbaby pic.twitter.com/I1CcLL31lX  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) October 14, 2015Best tweet of the night goes to the Donald:#9""@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2015And the runners-up are Two from conservative actor James Woods:#10.Thank God money grows on trees. This bunch has no allergy to spending it. Free college not only for Americans, but anybody from anywhere  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 14, 2015We actually fibbed, there are 12 favorite tweets. We save 2 of our favorites from @iowahawk for last:I got 10 bucks that more people are following the debate on Trump's Twitter feed than on CNN  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015How to make college affordable: don't go  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015 ",0
17042,EU Government Questions Obama’s Sanity: ‘Believes Obama Is Quite Mentally Unwell’ Inquires About Impeachment,"Dear EU government: Yes The majority of Americans would agree, Obama is mentally unstable and yes, he needs to be impeached and removed from office A senior diplomat with a European Union government allegedly told former NSA intelligence analyst and counterintelligence officer and Daily Beast columnist John Schindler that his/her government believes President Barack Obama is  quite mentally unwell  and inquired about impeachment an apparent suggestion that his/her government believes Obama is unfit to serve as president and should be removed from office according to a tweet by Schindler posted Monday. Had a senior EU diplomat, old friend, ask me today,  How does your impeachment work? My government believes Obama is quite mentally unwell. Had a senior EU diplomat, old friend, ask me today, ""How does your impeachment work? My government believes Obama is quite mentally unwell.""  John Schindler (@20committee) October 12, 2015What is striking is that the  senior EU diplomat  said it was the opinion of his/her government, not his/her personal opinion, that Obama was considered a candidate for removal from office for insanity.The European Union Web site lists the following countries as members. One of these nations apparently believes Obama is  quite mentally unwell :Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.The constitutionally mandated process for removing Obama from office over mental health issues would be to invoke Section 4 of the Twenty-Fifth Amendment. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President. Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office unless the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twenty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers and duties of his office. An excerpt of Schindler s bio describes his intel/foreign affairs background: he spent nearly a decade with the super-secret National Security Agency as an intelligence analyst and counterintelligence officer. There s not much he can say about that, except that he worked problems in Eastern Europe and the Middle East with a counterespionage flavor, and he collaborated closely with other government agencies who would probably prefer he didn t mention them. He s also served as an officer specializing in cryptology (now called information warfare for no particular reason) in the U.S. Navy Reserve.  Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17043,Col. Ralph Peters On Obama’s Refusal To Live In Reality: “He’s Chasing Unicorns!”,Peters is dead on in his description of Obama s foreign policy failures. Obama s still underestimating Putin and is  chasing unicorns  with his focus on global warming over the Middle East and Russia.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXRQJmXm8_U,0
17044,"MAINSTREAM MEDIA IGNORES MASSIVE PROTEST Against Obama’s Sweetheart Deal For Corporations: “Biggest protest this country has seen for many, many years”","Wait we thought Obama and the Democrats were supposed to be standing up to the  evil corporations  and standing up for the every day American?When it comes to official and media opinion on Obama s crowning trade  achievements , the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade And Investment Partnership (TTIP), the party line is united. As previously noted, Barack Obama has assured the population that this treaty is going to be wonderful for everyone:In hailing the agreement, Obama said,  Congress and the American people will have months to read every word  before he signs the deal that he described as a win for all sides. If we can get this agreement to my desk, then we can help our businesses sell more Made in America goods and services around the world, and we can help more American workers compete and win,  Obama said.The mainstream media s chorus of support for these trade deal is likewise deafening: here are some indicative headlines from this past Monday:Time Magazine: Pacific Trade Deal Is Good for the U.S. and Obama s Legacy  The Washington Post: The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a trade deal worth celebrating The far less popular opposing view, one repeatedly presented here, is that like with every other  free trade  agreement that the U.S. has entered into since World War II, the exact opposite is what will actually happen: the outcome will be that the US trade deficit (which excluding petroleum is already back to record levels) will get even larger, and we will see even more jobs and even more businesses go overseas, thus explaining the secrecy and the fast-track nature of the TPP and TTIP s passage through Congress.And while the US population, which is far more perturbed by what Caitlyn Jenner will wear tomorrow than D.C. s plans on the future of world trade, has been mute in its response to the passage of the first part of the trade treaty, the TPP   after all the MSM isn t there to tell it how to feel about it, aside to assure it that everything will be great even as millions of highly-paid jobs mysteriously become line cooks   other countries are standing up against globalist trade interests meant to serve a handful of corporations.Case in point Germany, where today hundreds of thousands of people marched in Berlin in protest against the planned  free trade  deal between Europe and the United States which they say is anti-democratic and will lower food safety, labor and environmental standards.TTIP critics fear that it would lead to worse safeguards in Europe, bringing down standards for consumer safety, food and health or labor rights down to those in America. European nations have stricter regulations for things like genetically modified foods or workers benefits than the US does. There is also discontent with the secretive nature of the negotiations, which prompts skeptics to assume the worst about the document they would eventually produce.The organizers   an alliance of environmental groups, charities and opposition parties   claimed that 250,000 people were taking part in the rally against free trade deals with both the United States and Canada, far more than they had anticipated. This is the biggest protest that this country has seen for many, many years,  Christoph Bautz, director of citizens  movement Campact told protesters in a speech.According to Reuters,  opposition to the so-called Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) has risen over the past year in Germany, with critics fearing the pact will hand too much power to big multinationals at the expense of consumers and workers. Popular anger appears to be focused on the encroachment by corporations into every corner around the globe: What bothers me the most is that I don t want all our consumer laws to be softened,  Oliver Zloty told Reuters TV.  And I don t want to have a dictatorship by any companies.  Via: Zero Hedge",0
17045,Insane! Huge Financial Disaster On The Horizon With Obama’s Housing Bubble And Easy Lending In The Name Of “Fairness”,"I ll bet most Americans have no idea that we re in another huge housing bubble thanks to Obama s desire for everyone to own a home. Remember Barney Frank and his pals forcing this bubble to get bigger and bigger and then pointing the finger at Republicans? Well, that s what s next unless the lame Republicans take the bull by the horns and get control of our debt. BILL CLINTON S HUD SECRETARY ANDREW CUOMO DISCUSSING FAIR HOUSING: THIS IS A MASSIVE SHELL GAME THAT OBAMA CONTINUES:Just this September, HUD  awarded $38 million to  fight housing discrimination  so the shell game continues but here s more of the rest of the story:OBAMA S HOUSE OF CARDS:  Eric Holder and Tom Perez who re Obama administration political shills, did the dirty work in targeting banks. The excerpt below is from a fantastic piece in the New York Post that spells out the Obama administration s efforts with minority home ownership and  perceived injustices  that just aren t there. Typical Obama to rewrite the rules or just not follow them to get what you want. That isn t stopping the administration from trying to correct perceived injustices. Cordray says CFPB will rewrite the rules for how the private credit bureaus collect, maintain and analyze such data. He is working on  reforming  the system with the liberal Center for Responsible Lending and other housing activists who believe it denies minorities the credit they deserve. The federal government also isn t shy about fining and suing banks to get its way. CFPB also has been working closely with the Justice Department to enhance fair lending enforcement. Justice has pressured banks to relax their mortgage underwriting standards and approve loans for minorities with poor credit as part of a new crackdown on alleged discrimination, court documents show. Attorney General Eric Holder, who served as Reno s deputy, has filed a record number of fair-lending enforcement actions against lenders. More than 60 investigations are active or said to be in the pipeline, and dozens of banks have already settled, including giants Wells Fargo and Bank of America. Prosecutions have already generated more than $550 million in rebates, loan set-asides and other subsidies from banks that have settled out of court rather than battle the federal government and risk being branded racist by the media. Leading the charge is Holder s top civil-rights cop, Thomas Perez, another Clinton retread. Perez has compared bankers to Klansmen, arguing that while bankers may discriminate  with a smile  and  fine print,  it s  every bit as destructive as the cross burned in a neighborhood. STEPHEN MOORE: The Fed, the White House and Congress are setting up the next financial bubbleMy 13-year-old son told me at the dinner table the other day that Franklin Roosevelt was one of America s  greatest presidents  because  he ended the Great Depression.  He s usually a good student, so I checked where he got this tripe and sure enough the fairy tale was right there in his American history book.Sure enough his text book tells kids that the New Deal ended the Great Depression and even saved capitalism. Of course the New Deal exacerbated the pain and financial devastation of a stock market crash, and unemployment lingered in double digits for a decade after Roosevelt was elected until the start of World War II.Here s the latest story line: bailouts, trillions of dollars of government spending and debt, easy money, and re-regulation of Wall Street ended the 2008 Great Recession. The myth took on new life last week when Ben Bernanke took a bow in The Wall Street Journal for in his mind saving the economy with his $3 trillion of quantitative easing and zero interest rate policy. No, actually this is what created the crisis. Don t be surprised if Mr. Bernanke receives a Nobel Peace Prize.As Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute and other scholars have thoroughly documented, the crash of 2008 was caused by the Federal Reserve s easy money policies for nearly a decade, government housing policies that led to preposterous mortgage loans being issued, and massive overleverage of government, companies, and households.Why does any of this history matter? Since Washington doesn t understand what went wrong in 2007 and 2008, so the Fed, the White House and Congress are recreating the very same conditions for another financial bubble. If it pops, we could replay the same devastating effects as occurred during the first bubble in 1999 and 2000. It is doing so in four ways:First, the Dodd-Frank regulations are causing one of the greatest consolidations of the banking industry since the Great Depression. Those indispensable small savings and loans that Jimmy Stewart operated in the movie  It s a Wonderful Life  are disappearing from the American landscape. This is because only really big banks have the size to spread the costs of Dodd-Frank compliance officers and costs. So we have created a competitive advantage that allows the sharks to swallow the minnows. Meanwhile, the  too big to fail  safety net to Bank of America, Citi, and other titans exacerbates this cost advantage of big banks and thus makes bailouts even more likely in the future.Second, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are engaged in the same low interest rate lending mania of 2004-07 and the Obama administration is on a Bush-like home-ownership push. Some Republican House heroes like Jeb Hensarling of Texas wanted to eliminate taxpayer subsidies to Fannie and Freddie but the housing lobby kept them alive. So now the two government enterprises are back issuing taxpayer guarantees on mortgages with as little as 3 percent down payment. Have we learned nothing at all?Third, the Fed refused to raise interest rates off zero in September, and, hello, that easy money policy is how we got into the mess in 2000 and then in 2008. Wall Street cheered Janet Yellen s decision to keep the cheap dollars flowing. Isn t this all starting to sound familiar?Finally, there is the saturation of debt. When the crisis hit in 2008 the national debt stood at a little under $10 trillion. Now we are at $18 trillion. Government is hopelessly overleveraged. The interest rate exposure is enormous with each one percentage point rise in long term rates causing the servicing costs of the debt to rise by about $1 trillion over 10 years. Meanwhile, on top of that, the Fed owns at least $1 trillion in mortgage debt and so if housing markets fall again, taxpayers get double walloped.The point is that government and politicians have no learning curve. All of the conditions of financial wreckage are reappearing. This is why congressional Republicans absolutely should put up a fight on the debt ceiling by requiring more budget discipline as a condition of higher debt levels. They should require at least 8-10 percent downpayments on all government insured mortgages. They should repeal all or part of the Dodd-Frank bill that is destroying community banks, while promising voters they will never again bail out a bank or financial institution. Finally, they should be urging the Fed to restore sound money by gradually raising short term interest rates. And the presidential candidates should start warning voters that Washington is rebuilding another financial house of cards.If they don t, when the financial crash comes and Americans see their life savings disappear, the media and the history books will again blame Republicans for the destruction from the rampant financial negligence of government.  Stephen Moore is an economic consultant with Freedom Works and a Fox News contributor.VIA: WT",0
17046,"Obama Tells 60 Minutes He Could Win A Third Term, But Says He Won’t Run…Watch Surprisingly Hard-Hitting Interview Here","No Obama won t run again, but he ll use every dirty political Chicago-style trick available to him to make sure Joe Biden ends up in the White House, so he can  still manage chaos from the outside..President Obama insisted that he could run and win a third term as president if he wanted to, but assured Americans that he would follow the lead of previous presidents before him.When asked directly by Steve Kroft in a 60 Minutes interview if he could win a third term as president he replied without hesitation,  Yes. I do. He pointed out that it was  bittersweet  heading into his last year in office admitting that he would  love to do some more  to help the country.But he compared his own struggle with that of the nation s first president, George Washington, to explain why he would step down. I think having a fresh set of legs in this seat, I think having a fresh perspective, new personnel and new ideas and a new conversation with the American people about issues that may be different a year from now than they were when I started eight years ago, I think that s all good for our democracy,  he concluded.It s not the first time Obama has signaled confidence that he could win a third term if he wanted to. While speaking to political leaders in Africa, he pointed out that he was  a pretty good president. I think if I ran, I could win. But I can t,  he said in July  There s a lot that I d like to do to keep America moving. But the law is the law, and no person is above the law, not even the president.  Via: Breitbart NewsWatch entire interview here: ",0
17047,OUTRAGEOUS REPORT: EPA’s Wasteful Spending On “Performance Bonuses” is Bad BUT The PR Campaign Spending Will Blow Your Mind,"Yes, the EPA has a PR department BUT they spent over $15 million on outside public relations consultants! I guess it takes millions upon millions to brainwash the American people into thinking the EPA is even necessary. The overregulation and overspending is legendary and needs to stop! A Democrat has even jumped into a federal lawsuit against overregulation by the EPA:Missouri s Democratic attorney general announced on Friday that his state will join a federal lawsuit seeking to block the implementation of controversial new Environmental Protection Agency regulations.DEFUND THE EPA!The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) spent over $15 million on outside public relations consultants despite employing nearly 200 full-time in house PR workers.A new report on EPA spending released by Open the Books, a nonprofit organization dedicated to transparency, found numerous examples of questionable expenditures within the agency.Among them, the EPA spent over $15.1 million on outside public relations consultants between 2000 and 2014. The funding was on top of the $141.496 million in salaries and $1.5 million in bonuses on full-time public affairs officers the EPA has spent since 2007. As of 2012, the EPA employed 198 public affairs employees. The average EPA employee salary is $111,165. Everyone is under the impression that the EPA is spending money to  clean the environment.  But, it turns out EPA is running a $160 million PR Machine, $715 million police agency, a near $1 billion employment agency for seniors, and a $1.2 billion in-house law firm,  said Adam Andrzejewski, the founder of Open the Books. The EPA wasting $160 million on public relations dwarfs our recent exposure of their high-end furniture purchases ($92 million),  he said.  Nothing is emblematic of government excess like an army of highly compensated PR agents sitting in their easy chairs. It s simply waste. Open the Books also found the EPA spent $261,456 on badges and insignia, millions on gym equipment, and $17,820 on  Games, Toys and Wheeled Goods. The agency spent $23,884 for awards and trophies for the EPA Office of Research and Development (ORD) ceremony in 2012 and 2013. The EPA culture of wasteful spending extended into their own award ceremonies,  said Andrzejewski.  Tagging the awards as  athletic and sporting equipment  in their checkbook, they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to pat themselves on their own backs. Andrzejewski noted that the EPA also has given $144 million in performance bonuses since 2007.  It s an imbedded culture that gave $4 million in additional awards, badges, and trophies to themselves paid for at taxpayer expense,  he said.Read more: WFB",0
17048,PALESTINIANS STEPPING UP STABBINGS: Dramatic Video Shows Palestinian Man Stabbing Israeli Police Officers…Israeli Teen Stabbed On Bicycle,"***Warning*** Graphic photo and videoThank goodness Israeli s are able to use guns to defend themselves against the religion of peace with knives The latest developments in ongoing violence between Palestinians and Israelis (all times local):4:00 p.m.Israeli police say that in the latest Palestinian attack in Jerusalem an Israeli teen was stabbed while riding a bicycle.Spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said two Palestinians stabbed a 20 -year-old as he walked down a street. They then stabbed a 14-year-old Israeli riding his bicycle, wounding him critically.Police say an Israeli civilian chased the two Palestinian attackers.One of the attackers was apparently hit by a car and wounded. Police say they shot the other attacker and killed him when he ran at officers with a knife raised and ignored calls to stop.The attack took place in Pisgat Zeev, a Jewish settlement in traditionally Arab east Jerusalem, which Israel seized in the 1967 war and annexed shortly thereafter. Palestinians want east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.Israeli media had previously reported different ages for the teen who was stabbed.__3:20 p.m.Israeli police say two Palestinians stabbed two Israeli teens in Jerusalem in the latest such assault in over a week of bloody attacks.Spokeswoman Luba Samri said one of the Palestinian attackers was  neutralized  after stabbing the Israeli youth while his accomplice was caught after he ran away. She said the two Israeli victims are minors.Israel s Channel 10 TV reported that Israeli forces shot one of the Palestinians after the attack Monday afternoon.Eli Bin of Israel s emergency service said the two Israelis and the Palestinian attacker were treated for injuries.The attack was in Pisgat Zeev on the outskirts of Jerusalem.It was the latest in a rash of Palestinian attacks against Israelis.___2:45 p.m.Israeli police say a Palestinian woman has lightly wounded a police officer in a stabbing attack in Jerusalem.Police spokeswoman Luba Samri says the officer shot and wounded the woman, whose condition was not immediately known.Samri says the attack took place near Israeli police headquarters, in an area between the city s predominantly Arab eastern district and the predominantly Jewish western district.___9:15 a.m.Israeli police are reporting that a Palestinian man attacked an Israeli officer with a knife and was shot dead by police.Police said the attack early Monday took place near a gate of Jerusalem s walled Old City on the predominantly Arab eastern side of the city.Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri says border police officers ordered the Palestinian to take his hand out of his pocket. She said the man then attacked the officer with a knife, but he was wearing a protective vest and was not injured.The attack comes amid a recent wave of Israeli-Palestinian violence, marked primarily by Palestinian stabbing and shooting attacks.At least 25 Palestinians, including nine attackers, have been killed by Israeli forces, while five Israelis have been killed in attacks. Via: US NewsHere is the dramatic video showing the stabbing of Israeli police officers:",0
17049,Newt Gingrich Hammers Obama: “Fire anyone who thought Putin would focus on ISIS”,Former House speaker slams Obama administration s foreign policy decisions. ,0
17050,Judge Orders 12 Yr Old Amish Girl To Take Chemotherapy…Family Goes Into Hiding …2 Yrs Later There’s A Startling Discovery,"Just take this chemotherapy sweetie..the government knows what s best for you.  Oops maybe not this time A judge formally ended the court-ordered guardianship of an Amish girl who resisted a hospital s attempts to force her to resume chemotherapy, bringing a close to the fight that raised questions about the rights of parents in making medical decisions for their children.The judge s decision, announced Friday, came more than a year after Sarah Hershberger s guardian gave up her efforts to force the girl into chemotherapy for leukemia.Sarah and her parents went into hiding in the fall of 2013. Sarah, who is now 12, no longer shows signs of being sick, said Kevin Dunn, a probate judge in Medina County.Cancer free: Sarah Hershberger, second from right, is pictured at her family s roadside stand in Homer Township on September 24. Also pictured are her father and three of her siblingsA visit to her home in August found that Sarah was  active and working daily on the family farm, she appeared healthy and appropriately developed , he wrote. She had MRIs and bloodwork, and the judge over the last year helped facilitate at least one trip to the Cleveland Clinic. The MRIs did not show any cancer,  Maurice Thompson, the family s attorney, told The Medina-Gazette. Once you have it, you re never 100 percent out of the woods, whether or not you get chemotherapy.I know how she looks isn t really an indication of whether she has cancer, but she s looking very healthy. However, Dunn cautioned her parents that she is not fully recovered and warned that they still have a duty to provide her care under Ohio law.Her parents are not free to act entirely as they may choose,  the judge said.Thompson said in a statement that  Sarah s good health bolsters the case against forced health care that we supposedly cannot live without. The court fight began in the summer of 2013, when Sarah s parents decided to halt treatments because they feared chemotherapy was killing her.Doctors at Akron Children s Hospital said Sarah s condition was treatable, but they argued she would die within a year if she stopped chemotherapy.The hospital went to court after the family decided to treat Sarah with natural medicines, such as herbs and vitamins.Maria Schimer, an attorney who s also a registered nurse, was given the power to make medical decisions for Sarah after an appeals court ruled the beliefs and convictions of the girl s parents couldn t outweigh the rights of the state to protect the child.But Schimer decided to drop the effort because it became impossible to monitor Sarah s health or make any medical decisions for her after she left home and went into hiding.The family fled their farm in northeast Ohio s Medina County and sought treatment in Mexico before returning home after a few months.Like most Amish, the Hershbergers shun many facets of modern life and are deeply religious.They have said they stopped chemotherapy not for religious reasons, but because it was making Sarah too sick.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
17051,WATCH Barry Lose His Cool During Interview About Putin: “He’s Challenging Your Leadership Mr. President”,"Wow! What s more shocking the fact that a member of the mainstream media finally crossed Obama s imaginary red line or that we have a sitting president who acts like a petulant toddler when confronted with his weak leadership?60 Minutes Steve Kroft is not letting Barack Hussein Obama off the hook when it comes to his failed leadership in the Middle East.  Barry Soetoro, aka Barack Hussein Obama answers his questions much like a toddler would if confronted with misbehaving.Watch embarrassing interview here:The interview can be seen in its entirety on 60 Minutes, Sunday evening 7:30 pm EST.",0
17052,SLICK SCAM: John Kerry Warns Global Warming Will Produce Millions Of “Climate Refugees”,"Sure, we need to save people from something that s naturally occurring pretty soon everyone with a hangnail will be considered a refugee. This is simply a scam to broaden further the definition of a refugee so that pretty much anyone can come to the West. I detest the global warming kook-aid drinkers like Kerry. He s already shoving 200,000 Muslim refugees down our throats as it is.Secretary of State John Kerry warns the world that more and more people will be fleeing the devastation caused by global warming.  It s something new. We have climate refugees today,  he said during a town hall event about the oceans.Kerry described climate refugees as people who had to leave their homes because of drought, rising sea levels, and thawing permafrost. The day could come, if we don t respond rapidly, you could have millions of climate refugees. You could have people moving from whole areas where today you can grow things and tomorrow you can t,  he said.He remarked that more world leaders had begun to talk about this rising threat in many of his international meetings, although he admitted that the issue was not yet a  crescendo. International organizations, like the United Nations, he admitted, would have to codify the term  climate refugee  and put it into law. That would grant special immigration privileges to immigrants claiming refugee status, allowing them to move to other countries. I think it s just a matter of time before it fits in under a category and countries have   and the refugee process has legitimately incorporated it into our policy,  Kerry said.Via: Breitbart",0
17053,Good Lord! Government Workers Are Way Out Of Bounds In Pay And Benefits,"Thanks to the CATO Institute we know for sure that government workers are paid waaay too much! An average of $84,153 for government pay is unbelievable! No wonder the suburbs surrounding Dc are some of the wealthiest in the Country. Ridiculous!Employees for the federal government earn far more than their counterparts in the private sector, according to a new study by the Cato Institute.Federal workers  pay and benefits were 78 percent higher than private employees, who earned an average of $52,688 less than public sector workers last year.The study found that federal government workers earned an average of $84,153 in 2014, compared to the private sector s average of $56,350. Cato based its findings on figures from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA).But when adding in benefits pay for federal workers, the difference becomes more dramatic. Federal employees made $119,934 in total compensation last year, while private sector workers earned $67,246, a difference of over $52,000, or 78 percent.via: WFB",0
17054,“TRAITOR IN CHIEF” WARNS CONGRESS…Shut Down Prison With Muslim Terrorists Or I’ll Stop Funding Military [VIDEO],"Name one time this reckless  Commander in Chief  has put our men and women in uniform before the war on terror Just one.On Monday, the Obama administration announced that President Obama would veto a defense authorization bill if it did not close down Guantanamo Bay. White House press secretary Josh Earnest explained that the House funding bill would be vetoed  principally because of the irresponsible way that it funds our national defense priorities, but also because of the efforts to prevent the closure [of] the prison at Guantanamo Bay.  He added that Democrats would sustain Obama s veto, and defense authorization would die.Obama s strong stand on Gitmo underscores two vital points. First, President Obama does not fear defunding America s national security. Second, Obama does not fear Republicans in Congress.The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) has been authorized for five decades running. The current NDAA fully funds the military through a workaround measure, thanks to President Obama s demands that a huge chunk of sequestration cuts come from defense funding. Now Democrats complain that the workaround measure isn t good enough: Republicans should bust open the bank again.But that s not Obama s main criticism of the NDAA. He has long had a bug in his ear with regard to Gitmo, which he feels has strengthened terrorists  feelings about the evils of the United States. Given his recent moves to parlay with the Cuban dictatorship as well, Obama may want to hand Gitmo in totality back to the Cuban government. The fact that Obama would be willing to dramatically cut America s military funding, even as Russia takes over Ukraine and Syria, as Iran gears up for a big regional military push, as China continues its aggressive behavior in the South China Sea, demonstrates Obama s top priority is doing leftist work, not protecting the United States.In fact, Obama s choice to prioritize Gitmo above national security isn t a choice at all: Obama wants America s military slashed, and he wants Gitmo closed. Senator Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) agrees with Obama that Gitmo should be closed, but even he says that Obama has manipulated the process to create an impasse. According to Roll Call, McCain  has said the White House promised him a plan to close the prison, but has yet to present one. Without that, he has said he wouldn t be able to find the votes to do what the White House wants. Now, normally, Obama s nasty priorities would pose little threat to military funding: after all, Obama would be stymied by Republicans in Congress. And Obama has threatened to veto the NDAA before over Guantanamo; each time, Congress has called Obama s bluff, and he has signed the bill into law.But this time, the feeling is that Obama could be more serious. After all, with the legacy of Republicans folding on executive amnesty, the Iran deal, and funding for Planned Parenthood, among others, Obama probably feels he can leverage Gitmo out of existence. He believes that Republicans fear defense defunding more than he must   their constituents will hold them accountable, while he s in pure  f*** it list  mode. He also thinks that Republicans are unwilling to undergo a head-to-head matchup with him under almost any circumstances.And Obama is right. In his entire tenure as Commander-in-Chief, Obama has had to issue a grand total of four vetoes. Four. That s less than every president since Chester A. Arthur, who filled out James Garfield s term, serving less than four years. Obama has had a fully Republican Congress this year, and a Republican House since 2010. He has issued just two vetoes this year, one with regard to Keystone XL Pipeline, and the other with regard to a bill related to the National Labor Relations Board. All of his other major policy priorities have been guarded zealously by a Democratic minority or an unwilling Republican majority.So why wouldn t Obama try to hold Republicans  feet to the fire on defense authorization?Obama s mastery of Congress is unprecedented in American history; the only other candidates for that title either held Congressional dominance within their own party (Franklin Delano Roosevelt) or ruled a Congressional rump (Abraham Lincoln). Shutting down America s defense funding would be a crowning achievement for a president who cares more about weakening America s role in the world than defending her citizens.Via: Breitbart News",0
17055,Burn! Ted Cruz Calls Out The Sierra Club President On His Bogus Global Warming Stats (Video),"This is great! Ted Cruz calls out the Sierra Club President on his bogus 97% scientific consensus on global warming. When asked about the 18 year pause in global warming, as documented by satellite data, Mr. Mair denied it exists.  So if the data are contrary to your testimony, would the Sierra Club issue a retraction?  Cruz asked.  Sir, we concur with the 97 percent scientific consensus with regards to global warming,  Mair responded. After some back and forth between the two, Cruz sent the money shot in with this comment:  You know, Mr. Mair, I find it striking that for a policy organization that purports to focus exclusively on environmental issues, that you are not willing to tell this committee that you would issue a retraction if your testimony is objectively false under scientific data. That undermines the credibility of any organization.  Via: Daily Caller",0
17056,American Workers Finally Fighting Back Against Corporations Replacing Them With Cheaper Foreign Labor,"THE H-1B VISA PROGRAM IS KILLING JOBS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS! It was just reported in the recent jobs numbers that native-born Americans are losing jobs while immigrant employment is up. Corporations like Disney are bringing in foreign workers with the H-1B visa and having the American employees train the foreign worker for their job. Talk about adding insult to injury! This needs to stop but Washington lobbyists and the Chamber of Commerce really can t help themselves they love that cheap labor. The discrimination against Americans is very real and it s about time the workers fought back!Some U.S. IT workers who have been replaced with H-1B contractors are alleging discrimination and are going to court. They are doing so in increasing numbers.There are at least seven IT workers at Disney who are pursuing, or plan to pursue, federal and state discrimination administrative complaints over their layoffs. Another Disney worker, still employed by the firm, has filed a state administrative discrimination complaint in California. These complaints are a first step to litigation.Separately, there are ongoing court cases alleging discrimination against two of the largest India-based IT services firms, Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services. The federal judges in each of cases have given a green light for the plaintiffs to proceed after rejecting dismissal efforts.There may be federal interest in examining this issue. The U.S. Department of Justice s Office of Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices was asked by 10 U.S. senators in April to examine the IT layoffs at Southern California Edison (SCE) and to determine whether SCE or its contractors were  engaged in prohibited citizenship status discrimination. What s being challenged, in sum, is the job replacement system created by the H-1B program. U.S. IT workers, as a condition for their severance, are being made to train H-1B visa-holding contractor replacements to take over their jobs.The contractors often work for IT services firms that employ large numbers of H-1B workers. Most of these workers are from India and regional countries. This practice of replacing U.S. workers with foreign workers constitutes national origin discrimination, say its critics.The court case against Tata, whose plaintiffs include a former SCE employee, alleges that some 95% of its employees are South Asian or mostly Indian. Tata has called the allegations baseless.The Disney IT workers  were terminated because they were American citizens and all their replacements were foreign-born Indians,  said Sara Blackwell, a Florida attorney, who is representing seven of the Disney workers at its parks and resort division. She has set up an organizationto challenge the practice. Other discrimination claims, including age and disability, will be made as well. Those complaints are being filed with the U.S. Equal Opportunity Commission, which sees if a settlement is possible prior to any lawsuit.Disney did not respond immediately for comment. We need to protect American workers,  said James Otto, a California attorney who is representing a Disney ABC Television Group employee in that state. This complaint is being filed in California under the state s Fair Employment and Housing Act, which Otto said is similar to the federal process, but with more protections.Otto s client still works at Disney and had been targeted for an earlier layoff, but Disney rescinded those layoffs. Nonetheless, the complaints being made include a hostile workforce and national origin discrimination.Read more: Computer World",0
17057,Global Warming Scammer Makes Millions BUT Is Jail Time In His Future?,"Global warming has been shoved down the throats of every American since the day Obama took office. The only problem is that it s a massive hoax that is being used to transfer money from taxpayers to be redistributed amongst the liberal elite and those who the elites deem worthy. One of those liberal elites is being called on the carpet by a Texas congressman:Jagadish Shukla, the climate commie who has been making a fortune off the global warming hoax and who demands that skeptics be imprisoned is FINALLY in some hot water.Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), Chairman of the House Committee on Space, Science and Technology, has written to Professor Jagadish Shukla of George Mason University, in Virginia, requesting that he release all relevant documents pertaining to his activities as head of a non-profit organization called the Institute of Global Environment And Society.Smith has two main areas of concern:First, the apparent engagement by the institute in  partisan political activity    which, as a non-profit, it is forbidden by law from doing.Second, what precisely has the IGES institute done with the $63 million in taxpayer grants which it has received since 2001 and which appears to have resulted in remarkably little published research?For example, as Watts Up With That? notes, a $4.2 million grant from the National Science Foundation to one of the institute s offshoots appears to have resulted in just one published paper.But the amount which has gone into the pockets of Shukla and his cronies runs into the many hundreds of thousands of dollars. In 2013 and 2014, for example, Shukla and his wife enjoyed a combined income in excess of $800,000 a year.There s more:[F]or nearly 14 years, he, his family and his friends have been gorging themselves on taxpayers  money at IGES; and   this money comes on top of the very generous salary he receives for doing much the same work at George Mason University (GMU).It s the latter detail which has led former Virginia State Climatologist Pat Michaels   one of the skeptics who might have been affected by Shukla s proposed RICO prosecutions   to describe this as  the largest science scandal in US history. Under federal law, state employees may not be remunerated for doing work which falls under their state employee remit. As a Professor at GMU, Shukla is definitely an employee of the state. And the work for which he has most lavishly been rewarding himself at IGES appears to be remarkably similar to the work he does at GMU as professor of climate dynamics.Getting paid twice to tell the same pernicious lies is a fine deal for Shuknjivela, but it hasn t been working out so well for taxpayers.Read more:  moonbattery",0
17058,UNBELIEVABLE: IL City Denies Re-zoning Request For Islamic Worship Center…That’s When Obama’s Radical DOJ Stepped In,"Mums the word on Christian persecution in the White House.  Just let them get a whiff of possible injustice against a Muslim in America and Obama s radicalized DOJ is on it, like a dog on a bone In its latest effort to protect Muslim rights in the United States the Obama Justice Department is suing an Illinois town for denying a rezoning application to convert an office building into an Islamic temple. Failing to approve plans for the Islamic worship center violates a 2000 law known as the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act (RLUIPA), according to a Department of Justice (DOJ) lawsuit filed this week in federal court. The accused are lawmakers in Des Plaines, a Chicago suburb with a population of about 60,000. In 2013 the Des Plaines City Council voted 5-3 to reject a rezoning request made by the American Islamic Center (AIC) to make a vacant office building in a manufacturing zone to an institutional zone that would allow a worship center.The plan called for 3,661 square feet of worship space that would be used for prayer services on Fridays and Sundays as well as nightly prayers during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan when Muslims fast and commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad. The new temple would also be used for youth group events and other gatherings, according the rezoning application.In nixing the plan, Des Plaines aldermen expressed concern about the loss of tax revenue since religious institutions are nonprofits that don t pay taxes. They also cited traffic and safety issues for voting against the project.In its lawsuit the DOJ dismisses those issues and claims that the city s  treatment and denial of AICs rezoning requests constitutes the imposition or implementation of a land use regulation that imposes a substantial burden on AICs religious exercise.  Denying a city zoning change to accommodate a Muslim temple also discriminates against the Islamic group on the basis of religion, according to the feds. Attorney General Loretta Lynch wants the court to issue an order forcing Des Plaines to let AIC construct its worship center in the city. The ability to establish a place for collective worship is a fundamental protection of the First Amendment and our civil rights laws,  said Vanita Gupta, head of the DOJ s bloated civil rights division, in a statement announcing the lawsuit.  The Justice Department will remain vigilant in its mission to ensure that all religious groups enjoy the right to practice their faiths freely.  The federal prosecutor handling the case in Illinois said  the freedom to practice the religion of one s choosing is a precious right in our country  and the DOJ will continue to  enforce the laws that protect this important right. The DOJ s enthusiasm for protecting Muslim rights is in a class of its own, however. Back in 2010 Obama s first Attorney General, Eric Holder, personally reassured Muslims of DOJ protection during an address at a San Francisco-based organization (Muslim Advocates) that urges members not to cooperate in federal terrorism investigations. It was a first for the nation s top federal prosecutor to publicly condone illegal behavior. A few years later the DOJ warned against using social media to spread information considered inflammatory against Muslims and threatened that it could constitute a violation of civil rights.One of the biggest and most unbelievable moves by the DOJ came in 2012 when it issued a broad order changing the way the U.S. government trains federal agents to combat terrorism and violent extremism by eliminating all materials that shed a negative light on Muslims. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) actually destroyed instructional material that characterized Muslims as prone to violence or terrorism and hundreds of pages from the 9/11 attacks were purged because they were considered offensive to Muslims under the new initiative.In 2013 Judicial Watch published an in-depth report documenting and analyzing Islamist active measures and influence operations targeting anti-terrorism training in the U.S.Via: Family Security Matters",0
17059,BOOM! Black Activist Calls Black CA State Senator “Racist” For Supporting Mass Immigration: “A real man is Donald Trump”,"Blacks in America are seeing the writing on the wall with the push for mass immigration to America and it s not a pretty picture. Barack Hussein Obama, America s  first black president  will do more to harm the black community in his reckless attempt to create a one-party system in America than any President in the history of the United States.The unnamed activists representing the Lost American Network group makes some great points:   We in the black community We have seen videos of (Senator) Hall calling other organizations out there that are predominately white,  racists.  We would like to send a message to him. We feel that he is not representing the black community, so therefore, we feel that he is  racist.  We wanna know why black politicians like him have turned their back on the black community.  Unemployment is up to 70%  Mass immigration takes away jobs and benefits from the black community.  Mass immigration takes away medical care and housing assistance for the homeless.Watch her outstanding message to Congressman Hall here:",0
17060,FBI Warns Philly Colleges Of Threat On Monday: What You Need To Know,"The FBI photo warning is from Drexel University but all colleges and universities in the Philly area are warned. As you ll see below, everyone s a little confused about what to do or NOT do tomorrow during college classes. Twitter messages look something like the one below but e-mail alerts should have been sent to students: You should be aware. If you see something, say something. Patrols are being increased. But everyone should be vigilant. The FBI has issued a warning to Philadelphia colleges about a possible threat on Monday. Here s what we know so far.1. The Threat Is Related to a Social Network Posting The FBI has issued a safety advisory for all colleges in the Philadelphia area. The threat is related to a social media posting that is threatening violence at a university in the area. Because of the shooting at Umpqua Community College, the FBI is taking an abundance of caution. The advisory stated that the FBI has received similar posting throughout the country.According to a related thread on Reddit, the warning may have been made after a post was made to 4chan that talked about violence in Philadelphia on Monday, October 5. The thread read, in part, that the  beta rebellion  had begun and the shooting in Oregon was just the first. The posting stated that at 1:00 p.m. on October 1, someone else would take up arms against a college in Philadelphia. Anyone in the area is encouraged to stay home, the message, which was reposted on Imgur, read.2. The Warning is for Monday, Around 2 PM EasternAccording to the University of Pennsylvania s advisory post, the threat is specifically for Monday, October 5, at around 2:00 p.m. Eastern/1:00 p.m. Central. A specific university wasn t specified, so all universities and colleges in the area are being advised to take caution and be on the lookout for anyone suspicious.3. There Is No Knowledge of a Specific Threat The FBI has stated that it doesn t have any knowledge of a specific threat. Drexel University has said that it s going to increase patrols on Monday, the university reported. They are going to be on the lookout for anything suspicious.4. Students Aren t Sure What To Do With the WarningA student from La Salle University told Philly Mag that she had no idea what to do with the information. She is supposed to be on campus during the time of the threat, so she doesn t know if she should be looking over her shoulder or what she should be doing. Other students, meanwhile, have said that they are planning on just skipping classes tomorrow or during that time. 5. Others Are Concerned Because They Haven t Gotten a Warning YetOther students are concerned and not sure what to do because they haven t actually received a warning yet, even though they attend colleges in the area. One student, who attends University of the Sciences, posted on Twitter wondering why they hadn t received news about the warning yet. A La Salle University student told Philly Mag that she only found out about the warning because she saw a safety advisory on the university s website, but no one was sent a text or an email warning. Philly Mag stated that the FBI hadn t responded to a request for a comment.Via: Heavy",0
17061,Obama Suggests Gun Confiscation Is Solution…Citizens In Gun Free Britain Disagree [Watch],"Buckle up America. Barack doesn t give up easily. When he wants something, he ll stop at nothing to get it. Chicago politics can get really ugly, and when we have  a Chicago community organizer lives in our White House all bets are off. It doesn t help that we have a Congress who is willing to sit back and watch him trample our Constitution When President Obama spoke in reaction to the heinous October 1 attack on Umpqua Community College, he went beyond his usual calls for more gun control and suggested instead that America consider following the path blazed by Australia and Great Britain.In the mid-1990s Australia and Great Britain both instituted what were virtually complete bans on firearm possession.Obama referenced the bans thus:We know that other countries, in response to one mass shooting, have been able to craft laws that almost eliminate mass shootings. Friends of ours, allies of ours   Great Britain, Australia, countries like ours. So we know there are ways to prevent it. Via: Breitbart NewsHere s what citizens in Britain have to say about living in a  gun free  country:https://youtu.be/mKdBxpKqUvsHere s Barack saying his biggest frustration is not being able to make gun control a reality in the United States: ",0
17062,Obama’s Legacy Before American Safety: Feds Looking At Different States For GITMO Terrorists,"The Feds are looking at several states to transfer the GITMO detainees to putting the safety of Americans at risk over Obama s legacy. Obama is hell bent on closing Guantanamo and has been constantly trying to move the prisoners so he can close the prison and perhaps give Guantanamo Bay back to Cuba. Pentagon officials will visit state and federal prisons located in Colorado to weigh whether they could be used to jail Guantanamo Bay detainees as President Obama continues to push to close the military prison in Cuba.According to the Associated Press, a Defense Department team will visit both the Colorado State Penitentiary located in Canon City and the U.S. Penitentiary Administrative-Maximum Facility in Florence in the coming two weeks, anonymous senior officials said.The Pentagon has also considered the Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, as well as the Naval Consolidated Brig in Charleston, South Carolina, as possible locations for the detainees.The Defense Department is particularly evaluating the cost of construction and other changes to the facilities that would be necessary to properly house the prisoners and perform military commission trials.In order for Obama to fulfill his longtime goal of shuttering the Guantanamo Bay prison, the Pentagon will need to determine countries that can take remaining prisoners and ensure that they will be properly monitored so as not to threaten national security.There are 114 remaining prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, more than half of which have been labeled too dangerous to release.Last week, the Defense Department said that it had released prisoner Abdul Shalabi, believed to have once served as Osama bin Laden s bodyguard, to Saudi ArabiaVia: WFB",0
17063,Why Did CNN Doctor Killer’s Photo To Disguise His Race And Why Is The Press Scrubbing His Profile?,"The cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. The question Americans need to be asking is why?The Oregon murderer was a black male. If you don t believe us, look at the picture of his mother below:Birth Certificate Name is: Christopher Sean Mercer   07/26/1989.Mother: Laurel Margaret Harper   04/05/1951Dad: Ian Bernard Mercer   05/15/1960 Divorced in 2006REAL IMAGE (left)   CNN IMAGE (right)On the left is the selfie Christopher Mercer uploaded to his social media. On the right is how CNN presented the same selfie in broadcast stories about him. Why did CNN need to change the complexion (color) of their broadcast? Why is no-one showing pictures of mom, Laurel Margaret Harper.Why change to hyphenated name? Real name is Christopher Sean Mercer. Media using Christopher Harper-Mercer and Chris Harper-Mercer.Several months ago The Last Refuge shared the story of Eric Sheppard Jr. a radical  Black Lives Matter ,  F**k The Police  and Islamic radical who used a philosophy of black supremacy similar to the New Black Panthers. Sheppard gained brief notoriety when he held a U.S. Flag Stomping event at Valdosta State University.After his public exposure, and after the police filed a warrant for his arrest on firearms violations, and after he mailed a racist manifesto to a local Georgia Newspaper   while on the run, he was finally arrested in Tampa Florida by U.S. Marshals.Eric Sheppard s story disappeared from the headlines and never resurfaced. Yesterday, while reviewing the social footprint of Oregon shooter Chris Harper-Mercer, (aka Chris Sean Mercer) an almost identical world-view to Eric Sheppard Jr. was evident in Mercer s social media history.Chris Harper-Mercer, a mixed-race angry 26-year-old, was essentially the mirror image on social media as Eric Sheppard Jr.Mercer held sympathetic words and thoughts for the Virginia shooter Vester Flanagan, and similarly raged against white people, and expressed sympathy toward the Black Lives Matter movement. (Example Below):However, today almost all of that social media history is GONE -> Example Here. It is either removed entirely, and/or edited for content. How it could be edited is a mystery unless there is some other issue at hand.In addition, as several researchers have noted, anyone who held attachment to Mercer appears to be deleting the content of their association. Including Umpqua Community College itself.As D-Man was pointing out Mercer was part of a production class going to present a play at Umpqua Community College named  BLITHE SPIRIT . The play was scheduled to run later this month:From the cache Centerstage Theatre at UCCPlease join me in congratulating the team for our Fall show! This is going to be an awesome comedy to start out the year. This British comedy comes with witty language and spooky effects. We are especially delighted to feature our local star who is now based out of NYC, Josh Carlton! BLITHE SPIRIT, by Noel Coward Presented by UCC Theatre Arts Oct 30-Nov 8 CHARLES: Josh Carlton RUTH: Rebecca Miles EDITH: Abby Dooley DR. BRADMAN: Devin Barnett MRS. BRADMAN: Alexandra Duvall MADAME ARCATI: Rachel Fitzhugh ELVIRA, the Blithe Spirit: Chloe Quinn Understudy for DR. BRADMAN: Benjamin Jacobsen Directed by Stephanie Newman Assistant Director: Aaron Carter Stage Manager: Anna Mae Whatley Production Assistants: Alex Frier, Joel Macha, Mary Chitwood, Chris Harper-Mercer, Isaac Guerrero, Ashley Jakubos Lighting Assistant: Devin Barnett Special Effects: Jim Smith, Keith Weikum Program/Ads: Fred Brenchley Marketing: Travis Newman Other Volunteers: YOU! Get involved and have some fun!However, everything to do with that production has been scrubbed and deleted. Including the FaceBook page (since deleted) But visible on Cache HERE and more HERE (See FB page screen shot below).Being part of an Umpqua college production class and performance etc. would run counter to the seemingly preferred media narrative of Chris Harper-Mercer being a loner, no?Mercer has also apparently given a  manifesto  (another similarity to E. Sheppard Jr) to a surviving student of the shooting.Summary: The immediate on-line web history of Chris Harper-Mercer showed him to be a mixed-race, angry young man in general alignment with various radical racially aligned groups such as Black Lives Matter, Fuck The Police and Fuck Yo Flag   all of which carry a sentiment of favorability and ideological alignment with Islam which was similarly evident in the Ferguson protest movement.[ Against this backdrop shooting  White   Christians  makes sense. ]However, in the course of several hours (one media cycle)   the media narrative is selling a profile of a loner, mentally disturbed individual without any mention of his previous writings (deleted/changed), behaviors (hidden) and social tendencies (ignored).Why?Perhaps the answer lies within the response to the shooting from the White House where President Obama took quickly to the microphones to decry another school shooting without fully understanding the motive and intent.Watch Obama s speech following the Oregon mass shooting. His motive and intent in this video are pretty clear. His lack of concern for the victims takes a back seat to his gun control narrative:For entire story: The Last Refuge",0
17064,SAY WHAT? UN Working With Obama Regime To Create Global Police Force In Several American Cities,"Whiskey, Tango Foxtrot!!! A Sharia compliant UN working with Obama to create a  Global police force?  Does anyone else have alarm bells going off in their heads? On Wednesday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced at the United Nations that her office would be working in several American cities to form what she called the Strong Cities Network (SCN), a law enforcement initiative that would encompass the globe.This amounts to nothing less than the overriding of American laws, up to and including the United States Constitution, in favor of United Nations laws that would henceforth be implemented in the United States itself   without any consultation of Congress at all.The United Nations is a sharia-compliant world body, and Obama, speaking there just days ago, insisted that  violent extremism  is not exclusive to Islam (which it is). Obama is redefining jihad terror to include everyone but the jihadists. So will the UN, driven largely by the sharia-enforcing Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) and the pro-Islamic post-American President Obama, use a  global police force  to crush counter-jihad forces?After all, with Obama knowingly aiding al-Qaeda forces in Syria, how likely is it that he will use his  global police force  against actual Islamic jihadists? I suspect that instead, this global police force will be used to impose the blasphemy laws under the sharia (Islamic law), and to silence all criticism of Islam for the President who proclaimed that  the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam. What is a global police force doing in our cities? This is exactly the abdication of American sovereignty that I warned about in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration s War on America. The Obama Department of Justice made it clear that it was exactly that when it distributed a press release last week announcing the  Launch of Strong Cities Network to Strengthen Community Resilience Against Violent Extremism.  In that press release, the DoJ complained that  while many cities and local authorities are developing innovative responses to address this challenge, no systematic efforts are in place to share experiences, pool resources and build a community of cities to inspire local action on a global scale. So if the local and municipal effort to counter the euphemistic and disingenuous  violent extremism  is inadequate and hasn t developed  systematic efforts are in place to share experiences, pool resources and build a community of cities to inspire local action on a global scale,  the feds   and the UN   have to step in. Thus the groundwork is being laid for federal and international interference down to the local level.  The Strong Cities Network,  Lynch declared,  will serve as a vital tool to strengthen capacity-building and improve collaboration    i.e., local dependence on federal and international authorities.Lynch made the global (that is, United Nations) involvement clear when she added:  As we continue to counter a range of domestic and global terror threats, this innovative platform will enable cities to learn from one another, to develop best practices and to build social cohesion and community resilience here at home and around the world. This internationalist character was brought to the fore by the fact that the Strong Cities Network was launched on September 29 not at the White House or the Department of Homeland Security, or at the FBI headquarters or anywhere else that might be fitting for a national project, but at the United Nations.Even more ominously, the DoJ press release says that the Strong Cities Network  will strengthen strategic planning and practices to address violent extremism in all its forms by fostering collaboration among cities, municipalities and other sub-national authorities.  Sub-national and international: the press release then quotes Governing Mayor Stian Berger R sland of Oslo, Norway, a participant in the Strong Cities Network, saying:  To counter violent extremism we need determined action at all levels of governance. To succeed, we must coordinate our efforts and cooperate across borders. The Strong Cities Network will enable cities across the globe pool our resources, knowledge and best practices together and thus leave us standing stronger in the fight against one of the greatest threats to modern society. But what is that greatest threat, exactly? Remember, the DoJ presser says that the SCN will  address violent extremism in all its forms.  It also says that it will aid initiatives that are working toward  building social cohesion and resilience to violent extremism.   Building social cohesion  is a euphemism for keeping peace between non-Muslim and Muslim communities   mostly by making sure that non-Muslims don t complain too loudly about, much less work against, rapidly expanding Muslim populations and the Islamization of their communities.The DoJ presser noted that at the launch of the Strong Cities Network,  welcoming remarks  would be offered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Prince Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein and Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York City. The involvement of New York City s Marxist internationalist mayor is yet another warning sign.Assert American sovereignty and individual rights. Contact your representatives now. Exhort them to oppose SCN now. Exhort them to keep America free   while it still is. Via: Breitbart News ",0
17065,Putin Declares Syria A “No Fly Zone”…While Obama Is Laser Focused On Gun Control,"Does anyone remember Vladimir Putin pushing George W. Bush around? After years of debating a U.S.-led no-fly zone inside Syria to protect rebels and civilians, Vladimir Putin has established his own no-fly zone in a matter of days   to protect his new base there.In the U.S. there is an increasing bipartisan call for the U.S. to move toward some form of a no-fly zone or humanitarian buffer zone in Syria. Hillary Clinton said Thursday that if she were in office, she would be advocating for a no-fly zone to protect civilians and stem the flow of refugees. Putin made it look easy.NATO s supreme allied commander for Europe, General Philip Breedlove, was the first top Western official to publicly state that Russia s new military infrastructure inside Syria, which includes anti-aircraft defense systems, was a de facto no-fly zone. He warned on Tuesday that Russia had created a new anti-access/area-denial bubble in Syria where U.S. planes could no longer travel.He said the  very sophisticated air defense capabilities  were not aimed at the Islamic State.  They re about something else,  he said.On Thursday, the Pentagon confirmed the extent of the new Russian no-fly zone in Syria when it announced that the U.S. and Russia had begun discussions on how to  deconflict  their air operations there, led by the acting assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs, Elissa Slotkin. Slotkin told her Russian interlocutors that the U.S. is concerned Russia strikes don t seem to be targeting the Islamic State, but rather some other opposition groups, including those supported by the United States.But the U.S. government won t commit to using American air power to defend the rebels, the Pentagon s press secretary, Peter Cook, told reporters Thursday. He did not confirm that Russia was attacking the U.S.-backed rebels. I m not going to get into hypothetical situations,  he said.  We have made clear the importance of the moderate Syrian opposition, in terms of Syria s political future, and that anything done to harm that moderate Syrian opposition is counterproductive to the end result that we believe is necessary, and that is a political transition in Syria. On Thursday the Obama administration was said to be weighing whether the U.S. would respond to Russian attacks on the rebels America has supported.Administration officials argue that the new deconfliction talks with Russia are prudent for safety reasons and do not amount to a de facto legitimization of Putin s new role in the Syrian civil war. But at the same time, there is an effort to reengage Russia on the diplomatic track.Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov have had three meetings this week on renewing discussions for a political solution in Syria. Those discussions would not seek to oust Russia s new military presence there, which the Obama administration is now accepting as a fait accompli.Behind the scenes, Obama administration officials have been telling the Russians and the Iranians for over a year that the U.S. would not object to an expanded security role for them inside Syria, multiple officials told me. The U.S. was willing to accept that in exchange for Russian and Iranian helping to move Assad out of power. The idea was that Assad would step aside and the Russians and Iranians would play a greater role, and the U.S. would say that s inside the framework of the Geneva communiqu ,  said Andrew Tabler, senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.  But they grabbed what we were offering and didn t give us what we wanted, and then we were surprised. Since the Russian buildup began last month, the U.S. has been signaling that it is ready to accept Russian and Iranian security control inside Syria without any promise by them to push Assad out any time soon. Kerry has said publicly the U.S. is flexible as to the timing of Assad s departure. Other voices close to the White House have gone even further. The current policy of the United States and its partners, to increase pressure on Assad so that he  comes to the table  and negotiates his own departure   must be rethought,  Philip Gordon, the former White House coordinator for the Middle East, wrote this week.  It is fanciful to imagine limited airstrikes, arms to the opposition, or the establishment of a no-fly-zone would lead Assad to behave differently from Saddam, Milosevic or Gaddafi. The proposed American no-fly zone was meant chiefly to protect civilians. Putin s new no-fly zone does the opposite. It protects the Assad regime, as it attacks civilians. The more Obama allows the Russian military to become entrenched in Syria, the more he shows he no longer wants to push out Assad as soon as possible.Via: Bloomberg News",0
17066,BRITAIN’S DAVID CAMERON Challenges Obama On Refusal To Admit ISLAMIC Extremist Violence Is Biggest Problem We Face,"Sorry David your tough talk comes a little too late. Britain will likely never return to her rich heritage and culture. Political correctness and bleeding heart liberals can assume the blame for allowing this tragedy to happen British Prime Minister David Cameron challenged President Obama with some blunt talk on Islamist extremism Tuesday during a gathering of world leaders at the United Nations to develop an international strategy for defeating the Islamic State and other terrorist groups.Well aware that Mr. Obama shuns the term  Islamist extremists,  the Conservative British prime minister reacted strongly at the meeting when the president, who chaired the session, advised the assembled foreign leaders to avoid profiling Muslims because  violent extremism is not unique to any one faith. Barack, you said it and you re right   every religion has its extremists,  Mr. Cameron said.  But we have to be frank that the biggest problem we have today is the Islamist extremist violence that has given birth to ISIL, to al-Shabab, to al-Nusra, al Qaeda and so many other groups.  Via: Washington TimesCameron talks a big game, but here is British Prime Minister David Cameron begging Muslim s to assimilate to Britain s culture and heritage and to not become terrorists:Like p*ssing in the wind .",0
17067,WOW! New Email (Pictured) Uncovered Shows Hillary Telling Top Aide It’s A ‘Good Idea’ To Lie,"Who s Ready For Hillary?Among the thousands more Hillary Clinton s emails that have been released are ones exchanged with her top aide that may just add to the dilemma facing the 2016 Democratic Presidential candidate.Among the latest batch are emails from her adviser Sidney Blumenthal.On December 6, 2010 he sent her an email including a link to a news story with the headline:  U.S. Orders Diplomats to Stop Telling Truth Clinton replies:  Sounds like a good idea! The emails also reveal that Blumenthal felt the former Secretary of State was  vindicated  over the Libyan uprising even though the Benghazi scandal was still to come.Blumenthal told her in August 2011 she had to go on camera to announce the  successful strategy  when rebels took control of the country. He told her to speak to the media even if it meant giving a speech from the driveway of her holiday home in The Hamptons. Blumenthal wrote:  First, brava! This is a historic moment and you will be credited for realizing it.  When Qaddafi himself is finally removed, you should of course make a public statement before the cameras wherever you are, even in the driveway of your vacation house.  You must go on camera. You must establish yourself in the historical record at this moment. The most important phrase is:  successful strategy.  But in hindsight such vindication never materialized. In fact, Benghazi has become the second biggest headache for Hillary Clinton after Servergate. Over the following months after that email exchange, Libya slid into civil war and a year later US ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed when the American embassy in Benghazi was overrun by militants. The ensuing scandal has been an albatross for the candidate.Clinton was forced to testify before a House Committee investigating the terror attack that killed ambassador Stevens and could still be recalled to face more questions. Meanwhile, Libya has become what the State Department has called a  safe haven  for terrorists and a main launching point for people smugglers sending migrants to Europe. Via: Daily Mail ",0
17068,RAND PAUL Picks Fight With Wrong Senator: Says Cruz Is “Pretty Much Done” In Senate Because He Won’t Get Along [VIDEO],"Here s a newsflash Rand We re not looking for a guy who can win a popularity contest in Washington to be our next President. We re actually looking for a candidate who is willing to stand up to politicians who ve forgotten who they came to Washington DC to represent We really do love much of what Rand stands for, but his comments about Senator Cruz couldn t have been more off base.Sen. Rand Paul on Tuesday said fellow Republican presidential candidate Ted. Cruz is  done for  in the Senate. Ted has chosen to make this really personal and chosen to call people dishonest in leadership and call them names, which really goes against the decorum and also against the rules of the Senate, and as a consequence, he can t get anything done legislatively,  Paul told Fox News Radio.  He is pretty much done for and stifled and it s really because of personal relationships, or lack of personal relationships, and it is a problem. Don t get us wrong We happen to agree with Senator Rand Paul on a lot of things. Picking on one of the most courageous men in Washington DC however, was not a very good idea especially when there is video footage like this that can be easily accessed:Paul, a Kentucky Republican who has had the backing of his home-state senior senator, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, despite some tough policy differences, had been asked about Cruz s inability to even muster the support of 11 senators to secure a roll call vote on a procedural motion designed to amend the continuing resolution to keep the government running.The Senate s set to vote on passage of that measure at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, the last day of the federal government s 2015 fiscal year. I approach things a little different, I am still just as hardcore in saying what we are doing, I just chose not to call people liars on the Senate floor and it s just a matter of different perspectives on how best to get to the end result,  Paul said in the interview.Paul backed McConnell s 2014 re-election bid. Cruz had accused McConnell of lying to him about the way forward for the revival of the Export-Import Bank in the Senate.Like Cruz, Paul opposes the CR advanced by McConnell to avoid a shutdown later in the week. But Paul has focused his criticism on the use of the stopgap spending vehicles. Paul would have rather seen more pressure put on Democrats to advance the dozen individual appropriation bills. I would defund not only Planned Parenthood but hundreds and hundreds of regulations, hundreds and hundreds of wasteful programs. I would take them all out, put them on the table and say  You know what Democrats, it doesn t take 60 votes to defund something, it s actually going to take 60 votes to fund any of these programs,  vote on them one at a time and we will see how many of these crazy programs get 60 votes. My guess would be very few, but that would take the courage to let the spending expire and start anew and let new programs all require 60 votes to pass,  Paul said.McConnell signaled Tuesday he intends to call additional votes on the regular fiscal 2016 spending bills, though there was no evidence Democrats accede to that proposal without a big budget agreement between the two parties. Via: Roll CallIf you want to see why Ted Cruz isn t the most popular guy in Washington DC, watch this video that was taken only two days ago on the Senate floor. Watch this, and you ll know why conservatives who are sick of politicians who leave their spines in their home states with their campaign promises love this guy:",0
17069,BREAKING: Putin Tramples Obama’s Imaginary Red Line With Airstrikes In Syria,"We have a weak leader in our White House who s willing to be pushed around after leaving a vacuum in the Middle East for chaos. Putin has decided he s in it for the long term and wants to have his presence strengthened in the Middle East since the U.S. has been so absent in the area. Remember THE RED LINE? That was a big turning point in our President s effectiveness in the area. Obama has done NOTHING and continues to let Putin bring in his military mite to take over dominance. So it s a win for Russia and Putin s desire to be the dominant big gun in the Middle East. Obama has officially surrendered influence in the Middle East and Assad is staying. Checkmate! FOX NEWS: Russian warplanes have begun bombarding Syrian opposition targets in the war torn nation s north, working on behalf of dictator Bashar al Assad, according to a senior military official.The official said airstrikes targeted fighters in the vicinity of Homs, located roughly 60 miles east of a Russian naval facility in Tartus, and were carried out by a  couple  of Russian bombers. It was not clear if the strikes targeted ISIS, Al Qaeda or other forces opposed to Assad, who Moscow is aiding. According to a Twitter handle belonging to the Syrian government, the Russian strikes were initiated at the request of Assad.The development came after Pentagon officials brushed aside an official request from Russia to clear air space over northern Syria, where Moscow intends to conduct airstrikes against ISIS on behalf of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad, according to sources who spoke to Fox News.The request was made by a Russian three-star general who spoke with U.S. officials at the American embassy in Baghdad, sources said. The general, who was not identified, used the word  please  when delivering the verbal request, known as a  demarche,  according to the written transcript of the exchange. ",0
17070,IMMIGRANT Ghanaian Woman Pleads Guilty To $3.6 Million in Food Stamp Fraud…Media Ignores Her Immigrant Status,"How many more are out there doing the same thing as Vida? If we ever needed a wake up call that this SNAP program is out of control this is it! This is your money but it gets worse Though Causey s massive fraud was noted none of the media reports mentioned her immigrant status.* In 1980 the U.S. had 10,000 immigrants from Ghana and by 2000 we had 235,000 immigrants from Ghana.She was more than forthcoming about it in an interview in 2007 that described her as a Ghanian native.At Ghana Celebrities.com they had this to say about Causey:Trust certain Ghanaians to take their  shenaniganism  to the backyards of whoever opens his country for them and while at it, they are sure to make global headlines with their  get rich schemes.  A Ghanaian based in Worcester, USA has pleaded guilty to $3.6 million fraud after she was busted for screwing the United States food stamp benefit system, which is to help support people of low income.She attended Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in Kumasi, Ghana from 1991-1994, according to her LinkedIn page. She enrolled in Quinsigamond Community College between 2003-2005 in Worcester where she studied electronics.In 2011 her community college bragged about her and called her a  success story. CONVENIENCE STORE FRAUDSTER TAKES $3.6 MILLION FROM THE AMERICAN TAXPAYERSConvenience store owner Vida Ofori Causey out of Worcester, Mass. was charged in federal court Monday after pleading guilty to $3.6 million worth of food stamp fraud.According to authorities, Causey abused the program between 2010 and 2014. Food stamps, officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), is run by local and federal agencies. It is overseen by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). She was able to scam the program by buying food stamp benefits from receipts for half the actual value. Causey purchased the benefits at a discounted value of approximately fifty cents for every SNAP dollar,  a press release from Department of Justice stated.  By so doing, Causey caused the USDA to electronically deposit into a bank account controlled by her the full face value of the SNAP benefits fraudulently obtained. As a result, recipients had cash on hand to buy restricted items. The restricted items could include alcohol, cigarettes and even drugs. The program is supposed to be used to provide food to low-come individuals and families. In total, Causey defrauded the USDA for approximately $3,638,900.SNAP is the nation s largest food-assistance program. According to a report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the program has increased from 17 million participants in 2000 to nearly 47 million in 2014.JUST A LITTLE MORE INFORMATION ON IMMIGATION FROM GHANA TO WORCESTER, MASS:The demographics of the City of Worcester underwent a considerable change between 2000 and 2010, according to a new report from the Worcester Regional Research Bureau. In  Worcester s Demographic Trends: 2010 Census,  the Research Bureau found that the city s African American population increased by 77 percent during the first decade of the 21st Century. During the same period, the Latino population grew by 45 percent and the Asian population grew by 31 percent as well.Meanwhile, the number of residents identifying as white decreased by more than 5 percent, even as the city s overall population grew by almost 5 percent to 181,045.Since bottoming out in 1980, Worcester s population has grown by nearly 20,000 residents, an increase of almost 12 percent over three decades.Surprising Demographic Shifts I think the most surprising was where people are coming from,  said Roberta Schaefer, president and CEO of the Research Bureau.As of the 2010 Census, 3,401 residents, or 9.63 percent of the city s foreign-born population, immigrated from Brazil, earning the South American country the top spot on the list.With 3,356 foreign-born residents, or 9.51 percent of the immigrant population, originating from Vietnam, the country came in a close second. Ghana rounded out the top three as the home country for 3,049 residents, or 8.64 percent of the foreign-born population in Worcester.Read more: Go Local WorcesterRead more: Daily Caller",0
17071,"You Won’t Believe Why Asylum Was Given To Over 1,500 Foreigners With Ties To Terrorist Organizations","We re giving asylum to people who re connected to terrorist organizations AND releasing illegal alien criminals onto our streets. The Obama regime sure doesn t like Americans. Asylum was given because they loosened the rules in February of 2014 and they could then let these terror connected people in:Such applicants would have been rejected prior to Feb. 2014, according to Judicial Watch. That s when the Obama administration announced that DHS could exercise discretion whether to grant asylum to aliens  who provided limited material support. We just reported today on the thousands of illegal alien criminals that Obama just let go last year including 353 illegals convicted of sexual assault! Now we have foreigners with ties to terrorism coming to live here! Isn t it enough to have the thousands of refugees our State Department is just shipping here without fully vetting or letting the people know? Lord help us!Obama administration granted asylum to more than 1,500 foreigners with ties to terrorist organizations last year because they were deemed to have provided support to the groups  while under duress. The figures are contained in an annual report that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) sent to Congress this month. The conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained the report and published it online Tuesday.During fiscal year 2014, USCIS applied exemptions to 1,519 foreigners with ties to terrorist organizations who applied for discretionary relief. Of that total, 806 of the foreigners granted discretionary relief were for refugee applicants while another 614 were applicants for lawful permanent resident status.Of the 1,519 with terrorist associations, 627 provided material support,  while under duress,  to undesignated terrorist groups. Another 189 provided material support,  while under duress,  to designated terrorist groups.Designated terrorist groups are the most dangerous. They are classified as Tier I and Tier II organizations and include groups like Hamas, Hezbollah, al-Qaeda and Palestinian Islamic Jihad.Nine foreigners granted relief received military-type training,  while under duress,  from terrorist groups; 28 provided voluntary medical care to members of terrorist groups; 37 were qualified aliens who had existing immigration benefits who had  provided material support to, solicited funds for, solicited individuals for membership in or received military-type training from Tier III terrorist organizations.USCIS asserts that applicants are thoroughly vetted and pose no terrorist threat to the U.S. Applicants  names and fingerprints are compared against terrorist watch lists. Following that process, individual applicants are reviewed on a case-by-case basis by the Department of Homeland Security.Such applicants would have been rejected prior to Feb. 2014, according to Judicial Watch. That s when the Obama administration announced that DHS could exercise discretion whether to grant asylum to aliens  who provided limited material support. Read more: Daily Caller",0
17072,CASTRO IGNORES DISASTROUS COMMUNIST POLICIES That Destroyed Cubans: Blames World Leaders At UN Assembly For Allowing Millions To Go Hungry,"If Obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim Raul Castro the champion of human rights and justice What a dog and pony show.Cuban leader Raul Castro used his first speech before the United Nations General Assembly to lash out at the international body, saying Monday that member states have failed to produce much beyond an  illusion  of the human rights, justice and development promised in the charter.Castro made scant mention of last summer s landmark restoration of ties with the United States after a five-decade break, instead delivering a searing indictment of world superpowers for allowing millions to remain hungry, illiterate and at risk of death by curable illnesses while annual military expenses worldwide amount to more than $1.7 trillion. Barely a fraction of that figure could resolve the most pressing problems afflicting humanity,  Castro said.Castro received warm applause and scattered cheers when he made his U.N. debut, and several Latin American and African leaders gave him a standing ovation at the end of his remarks, in apparent approval of his narrative that Western colonialism and imperialism are at the roots of today s conflicts. He didn t name names, but his allusions to the United States and its allies were clear as he criticized invasions and overthrows, the  selective and discriminatory  approach to human rights, and the threat of climate change stemming from  an irrational and unsustainable consumerism. There have constantly been wars of aggression and interference in the internal affairs of the states, the ousting of sovereign governments by force, the so-called  soft coups  and the recolonization of territories,  Castro said.Via: McClatchyDC",0
17073,Ground Zero Mosque Was NOT Defeated: Three Story Islamic Museum And Muslim Prayer Space Will Take Its Place [Video],"Will the new 3-story Islamic Museum include pictures of Americans jumping out of their flame engulfed offices in the Twin Towers to their death? Will it include pictures of the thousands of Americans who lost their lives on 9-11 for the crime of living in a Western culture that is far from the stone age mentality of the hateful Muslims who killed them?Perhaps the 3-story Islamic museum that will be built on the hallowed ground of the Twin Towers in NYC will include photos from home, like pictures of a young woman being stoned to death for the crime of being raped. How about some pictures of women who graduated from school in Afghanistan? Oops!  We almost forgot, most Muslim girls are forbidden from attending school in Afghanistan. How about a special section designated for the tolerant treatment of gays? They could feature photos of all the tall buildings where Muslim men have been thrown off after being accused of being gay. How about a disfigurement and mutilation section of the museum with explanations of why Muslim men throw acid in the faces of Muslim women or why they cut the clitoris  out of young women.There could be a blasphemy section of the museum, displaying pictures of entire Christian villages that have been burnt to the ground over accusations that Allah was slandered. And for good measure, this Muslim museum on Ground Zero should have a special section dedicated to the thousands of brave men and women in the US Military who have lost their lives overseas in the fight against terrorism by Muslims.But we don t need to remind anyone why that fight began do we? Like a hard slap across the face, this 3-story Islamic museum and  prayer space  will stand on the very ground where a group of cowards, inspired by Islam, crashed into the Twin Towers, murdering thousands of innocent men and women. Or then again maybe we do Creeping Sharia   According to Bloomberg, while the original plans for a mega mosque at Ground Zero have been squashed (by capitalism), a mini-mosque and Islamic museum are still planned.It s been four years since Manhattan developer Sharif El-Gamal shelved plans for a 15-story Islamic cultural center, near Ground Zero, that drew international debate. He s looking to attract a different kind of attention for his current project on the site. El-Gamal s Soho Properties has proposed a 667-foot (203-meter) condominium tower at lower Manhattan s 45 Park Place.Adjacent to the tower, Soho Properties will build a public plaza connected to a three-story Islamic museum and prayer space to be designed by architect Jean Nouvel, El-Gamal said.That would be a Muslim prayer space, aka a mosque.He estimates that by the time the condo tower opens, the offices at the World Trade Center buildings will be filled with tenants, and retailers such as Saks Fifth Avenue will have opened lower Manhattan locations. The center of gravity is shifting toward downtown, and we are literally in the heart of this new downtown,  El-Gamal said.  Once all the scaffolding is down, and once all the office space is leased, this will be the most significant residential neighborhood in New York City. Watch this great video about plans to build a mega-mosque on Ground Zero:El Gamal states, indirectly, that the Islamic museum and mosque will be at the heart of the new downtown   after Islam destroyed the old downtown.It s unclear why developers and others continue to do business with El Gamal considering his legal and financial troubles.",0
17074,U.S. Gives The United Nations BILLIONS Of Your Tax Dollars For What?,"The answer is anyone but YOU. Did you know that American taxpayers gave the U.N. general fund $654,778,938 in 2015? Did you also know that Obama committed an astounding $3 billion to a new U.N. Climate fund run by communist and terrorist nations. It gets better, we just gave Africa $36.5 million to train African doctors because the World Health Organization deemed it necessary. The NIH then gives the $36.5 million in American money to whomever the WHO wants it given to. Do you see how this works? The National Institutes of Health is a virtual slush fund for anyone and everyone in the world with a massive budget of $30 BILLION.  The system of giving is a perfect setup for the REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH from the West. I ve heard different pundits call for the defunding of the National Institutes of Health and it s evident they re not being monitored. How do I know this? All you need to do is go to their website or read the news and you ll be shocked at the  ridiculous studies they fund with YOUR MONEY! Like the one where they got monkeys drunk:GOLDEN HAMMER: FEDS SPEND MILLIONS TO STUDY DRUNKEN MONEYS, PILOTS AND STUDENTSIt ll make your head explode! Like a good lap dog, the U.S. is dedicating $36.5 million to help Africa train doctors because the famously corrupt United Nations determined that the continent has a terrible shortage of medical personnel and faculty.That means Uncle Sam must come to the rescue. The latest Africa allocation is in addition to the eye-popping $654,778,938 that American taxpayers gave the U.N. general fund in 2015 and billions more to the peacekeeping budget and other U.N. organizations. The U.S. has always been the single largest contributor to the world body, which is well known as a pillar of fraud and mismanagement. Even the U.N. s Human Rights Council, also funded primarily by American taxpayers, is a huge joke. A few years ago Judicial Watch reported that the U.N. awarded a genocidal warlord indicted by an international court for crimes against humanity a seat on its laughable human rights council. Last year President Obama committed an astounding $3 billion to a new U.N. Climate fund run by communist and terrorist nations.Now the World Health Organization (WHO), the U.N. s public health arm, has determined that sub-Saharan Africa is in desperate need of medical personnel. The region bears almost a quarter of the global disease burden yet has only 3% of the world s health workforce, according to WHO. So this week, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the nation s medical research agency, kicked in the $36.5 million to train Africans. The NIH doles out north of $31 billion annually to hundreds of thousands of researchers at thousands of universities and institutions around the globe. A few years ago President Obama launched an NIH program to boost the number of minorities in biomedical research and he appointed the nation s first ever Chief Officer for Scientific Workforce Diversity to mastermind a multi-million-dollar effort.The new Africa allocation will help the region strengthen medical school curricula, upgrade community-based training sites and expand communications technology, according to an NIH announcement.  Research must play an integral part in generating sustainable, quality health care in sub-Saharan Africa, which is the ultimate goal,  NIH Director Francis Collins said.  It is critical that we increase research capacity so Africans can carry out locally relevant investigations themselves, and develop the necessary expertise in areas such as bioethics, informatics, environmental science, and genomics. That will empower their participation in international collaborations. Read more: JW ",0
17075,IRAN MAY RELEASE 3 AMERICAN PRISONERS/HOSTAGES: Iran Demands 19 Prisoners To Be Released In Another Lopsided Deal,"While we re so happy to hear that 3 innocent American prisoners hostages may be returned. We re just wondering who the Obama regime is willing to release from prison and how 3 American hostages for 19 Iranian prisoners is a fair deal? Iran will work to free three Americans from its prisons if the US releases jailed Iranians, the country s president, Hassan Rouhani, said on Sunday. If the Americans take the appropriate steps and set them free, certainly the right environment will be open and the right circumstances will be created for us to do everything within our power and our purview to bring about the swiftest freedom for the Americans held in Iran as well,  said Rouhani, who is in New York for the United Nations general assembly.At least three Americans, all of them of Iranian heritage, are in jail in Iran including Jason Rezaian, a correspondent for the Washington Post who was arrested in July 2014 and accused of spying.The two other Americans are Amir Hekmati, a former US Marine who was charged with spying, and Saeed Abedini, a convert to Christianity who gathered a Bible study group.Much of Iran s judiciary is known for its closeness to hardliners, who are eager to scuttle the moderate Rouhani s efforts to reconcile with Western powers. Nothing would make me happier  than movements to release prisoners, Rouhani said.The US has regularly demanded the unconditional release of the three prisoners.Secretary of state John Kerry, when asked by reporters about Rouhani s remarks, said he has  yet to hear directly  from Iran on the idea.  We ve had some conversations but we ll wait and see where we are,  he said.For its part, Iran has sought the freedom of 19 of its citizens who are jailed in the US in connection with Washington s sanctions against the Islamic republic s nuclear program.Under Rouhani, Iran has reached an agreement with the US and five other powers to end suspicious nuclear activity in return for sanctions relief.While tensions have eased, Iran and the US have not had diplomatic relations since 1980, a year after the Islamic revolution toppled the Western-oriented shah.Another American, former FBI agent Robert Levinson, disappeared in Iran in 2007 but his whereabouts are unclear.Via: The Guardian ",0
17076,CRAZY! U.S. Will Pay To Import Mentally Ill Illegal Aliens Who Were Previously Deported,"Get this, previously deported mentally ill illegal aliens are being sent back to the U.S. thanks to a judge s decision: Federal Judge Dolly M. Gee s ruling will let immigrants with serious mental disabilities request to have their cases reopened in hopes of returning to the U.S. The ruling covers immigrants deported from California, Arizona and Washington between Nov. 21, 2011 and Jan. 27 this year. So it s not enough that we have the invasion of Central Americans and now Muslim refugees now the mentally ill get another shot at coming here too! What kind of insanity (no pun intended) is this?Is it any surprise that the ACLU brought this case? Doesn t the ACLU have an obligation to look out for LEGAL and law abiding Americans first? The government identified 900 immigrants who could benefit from the ruling, though there could be more and it s unclear how many would qualify to have their cases reopened, Iguina said.Now dig deep for this little tid bit of info: Under the agreement, the federal government said it will help those with reopened cases return to the U.S. and pay for some transportation costs. Doesn t this just make you want to stop paying taxes altogether? Why should we pay for these people to come back over our border when they broke the law the first time?",0
17077,US Spends Over $500 Million To Train Syrian Rebels And Give Them Weapons To Fight Assad…What They Did With Those Weapons Will Infuriate You,"It apparently wasn t shocking enough when the American taxpayer found out the Obama regime spent $500 million to put  four or five  fighters on the ground in Syria. This latest news just adds insult to injury A Syrian rebel commander who recently completed a U.S. training program has told the U.S. military that he surrendered six coalition-provided trucks and ammunition to an intermediary linked to the al-Qaida affiliate in Syria, known as the Nusra Front. U.S. Central Command said late Friday that roughly 25 percent of the equipment assigned to that unit was apparently turned over earlier this week in exchange for safe passage within the region.U.S. officials said the Syrians continue to insist that they have not relinquished any actual weapons to the Nusra Front and that all of their personnel are still accounted for.Air Force Col. Pat Ryder, a U.S. Central Command spokesman, said the command is looking into the incident.But the report contradicts information the Defense Department provided earlier in the day, which said reports of U.S.-trained Syrian rebels defecting and missing equipment going to the Nusra Front were incorrect.The report underscores persistent problems with the U.S.-led coalition s effort to train and equip Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State.Ryder said the Syrians had told the U.S. earlier Friday that no equipment or people were missing, but the U.S. found out later on that some of those assertions were wrong.He said providing equipment to the Nusra Front is a violation of the training and equipping program. In light of this new information, we wanted to ensure the public was informed as quickly as possible about the facts as we know them at this time,  Ryder said. We are using all means at our disposal to look into what exactly happened and determine the appropriate response. Via: UK Daily MailHere s what Republican candidate,Senator Rand Paul(R-K) thinks of our involvement in Syria (start at the 6:45 mark) : ",0
17078,LIST OF 18 MAYORS IN US CITIES WHO HAVE ASKED OBAMA FOR MORE REFUGEES,"18 mayors sent a letter to Obama telling him that they want MORE Syrian refugees. Is your mayor on this list?Remember Syracuse is the city that saw a beautiful Catholic Church become a mosque. I m guessing the mayor wants to see more of that because the majority of the Syrians to be admitted to the US through the UN are Sunni Muslims. Kind of ironic that they penned this letter when the Pope was here. Does he want more Muslims to take over more Catholic Churches worldwide?Clearly Catholic Charities and Mayor Miner of Syracuse do!From Syracuse.com:Mayor Stephanie Miner is one of 18 mayors encouraging President Barack Obama to accept additional Syrian refugees into the United States.Miner signed a letter, sent to Obama, that calls for an increase of the number of refugees the U.S. will accept in the next two years. Obama has already pledged to take 10,000 Syrian refugees and increase the overall refugee allowance to 100,000 by 2017. Our cities have been transformed by the skills and the spirit of those who come to us from around the world,  the letter reads.  The drive and enterprise of immigrants and refugees have helped build our economies, enliven our arts and culture, and enrich our neighborhoods. All 18 mayors are members of Cities United for Immigration Action, a coalition pushing for immigration reform. Along with Miner, mayors from Los Angeles, New York City, Pittsburgh, Boston and Chicago signed the letter. [I bet if you dug into this group, you would find it another George Soros-funded group. ed]Syracuse currently accepts between 1,100 and 1,200 refugees each year. Two organizations   Catholic Charities of Onondaga County and Interfaith Works CNY   resettle refugees in Syracuse. We have taken in refugees, and will help make room for thousands more,  the letter reads. Here are the 18 cities which need new mayors:Ed Pawlowski, Mayor of Allentown, PA Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Mayor of Baltimore, MD Martin J. Walsh, Mayor of Boston, MA James Diossa, Mayor of Central Falls, RI Mark Kleinschmidt, Mayor of Chapel Hill, NC Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, IL Edward Terry, Mayor of Clarkston, GA Nan Whaley, Mayor of Dayton, OH Domenick Stampone, Mayor of Haledon, NJ Pedro E. Segarra, Mayor of Hartford, CT Eric Garcetti, Mayor of Los Angeles, CA Betsy Hodges, Mayor of Minneapolis, MN Bill de Blasio, Mayor of New York City, NY Jose Torres, Mayor of Paterson, NJ William Peduto, Mayor of Pittsburgh, PA Javier Gonzales, Mayor of Santa Fe, NM Francis G. Slay, Mayor of St. Louis, MO Stephanie A. Miner, Mayor of Syracuse, NYVia: Refugee Resettlement Watch ",0
17079,Germany Displacing Residents To Make Way For Syrian Refugees: Nurse Shocked After Being Kicked Out Of Same Flat For 16 Years,"The Obama regime has already set the ball in motion for  fair share housing  (or social engineering), whereby the government decides who gets to live where and forces taxpayers to fund their scheme. Asking residents to move from their homes or apartments and giving their digs to other people the government feels are more deserving happened in Russia as well but that was when Russian was a communist oh never mind Having lived in the same flat for 16 years, a German woman is being forced to move out to make way for refugees, because building a new shelter is too expensive. The 51 year-old nurse, who has helped asylum seekers in the past, was shocked by the news.Bettina Halbey, who lives alone in the small town of Nieheim, received a letter from her landlord and the local municipality at the start of September, Die Welt newspaper reported on Thursday. I was completely shocked and I can t even begin to find the words to describe how the city has treated me,  Halbey told the German publication.  I have had to go through a lot of difficulties recently, and then I get this notice. It was like a kick in the teeth. Halbey will have until May 2016 to find a new place to live, along with her dog and her cat. The three-story building, where she rented a 90 sq/m flat will now be turned into accommodation for refugees, who are seeking to make Germany their new home.The mayor of Nieheim, Rainer Vidal, which has a population of just over 6,000, defended the decision to send the nurse packing, saying converting the building would be  the cheapest option. A new residential unit for 30 refugees in Nieheim would cost  30,000 ($33,600). This solution will cost me nothing,  he told Die Welt.Over half the population of Germany lives in rented accommodation and the country has laws to defend the rights of tenants. Normally, only a private individual can terminate the terms of a contract for personal use. A municipality cannot move into a flat as a legal entity, so the process is legally highly questionable,  Ulrich Ropertz, spokesman of the German Tenants  Federation, told the Telegraph. Via: RT News",0
17080,BOEHNER ANNOUNCES HIS FINAL ACT OF COWARDICE As He Steps Down Before Being Ousted As Speaker,"In his final act of putting Americans dead last, John Boehner will stand with Democrats in their rabid desire to keep the abortion industry humming. Because government funding for baby part harvesting businesses is exactly where American taxpayers want to see their hard earned money being spent. Well done John .U.S. House Speaker John Boehner vowed on Sunday that Congress will avoid a government shutdown this week and he would push through as much unfinished legislation as possible before leaving at the end of October.Speaking on CBS  Face the Nation two days after his surprise resignation, he said the House this week would pass a government funding bill now moving through the Senate, which does not meet conservatives  demands to cut off money for Planned Parenthood.Asked if passage would require Democratic votes, he responded:  I m sure it will, but I suspect my Democratic colleagues want to keep the government open as much as I do. Boehner resigned amid deep divisions among House Republicans over a range of issues including the handling of a Sept. 30 deadline to approve new funding for federal agencies and programs from education to national parks.Conservative Republicans, some of whom have called for his ouster, have insisted on punishing Planned Parenthood by withholding funds over allegations that the non-profit group improperly sold tissues harvested from aborted fetuses.But Boehner and more moderate Republicans have argued that such a move would not halt the bulk of the group s $500 billion in funding, which comes from reimbursements through the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor. Via: Reuters",0
17081,BREAKING: Putin Calls Out Obama For Arming And Training Recruits For ISIS,"How about America calls him out for arming ISIS with our tax dollars? Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday branded U.S. support for rebel forces in Syria as illegal and ineffective, saying U.S.-trained rebels were leaving to join Islamic State with weapons supplied by Washington.In an interview with U.S. networks recorded ahead of a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama, Putin said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad deserved international support as he was fighting terrorist organizations.Obama and Putin are scheduled to talk on Monday after Putin addresses the United Nations, although White House and Kremlin officials have disagreed on what the two leaders will discuss and even who initiated the meeting. In my opinion, provision of military support to illegal structures runs counter to the principles of modern international law and the United Nations Charter,  he said in an excerpt of an interview with U.S. television networks CBS and PBS released by the Kremlin.Russia has stepped up its military involvement in Syria in recent weeks, with U.S. officials accusing Moscow of sending combat aircraft, tanks and other equipment to help the Syrian army.Russia s sudden military build-up this month in support of Assad and a refugee crisis that has spilled over from the region into Europe have lent new urgency to attempts to resolve the Syria conflict. Via: Reuters",0
17082,BREAKING REPORT: German Reporter Embedded With ISIS Reveals Plan For “Nuclear Tsunami” In West…”terrorists plan on killing several hundred million people”,"Our open borders should be a tremendous help to them A German reporter who was allowed to embed with ISIS in Syria-Iraq says the terror group is planning a  nuclear tsunami. The jayvee team hopes to wipe out hundreds of millions in a nuclear attackISIS claims it is  infinitely  closer to buying nuke and smuggling it into the United StatesThe terror group controls territory larger than than the United KingdomBarack Obama says he has no strategy to defeat the terror group.Via: Gateway PunditIsrael National News reported: A veteran German journalist who became the first to gain access as an embedded reporter with Islamic State (ISIS) revealed the jihadist terror group plans to bring nuclear annihilation across the globe.They are planning  the largest religious cleansing in history. The journalist, Jurgen Todenhofer (75), released his findings in a book called  Inside IS   Ten Days in the Islamic State,  reports the UK s Daily Express on Friday.Todenhofer, who previously was an MP in German Chancellor Angela Merkel s CDU party before turning to journalism in 2000 as a war reporter, spent ten days with ISIS.He was overseen during his visit by  Jihadi John,  the ISIS terrorist from the UK named Mohammed Emwazi who gained fame in gruesome beheading videos.According to the journalist, the West is unprepared for ISIS. He writes that  the terrorists plan on killing several hundred million people. The west is drastically underestimating the power of ISIS. ISIS intends to get its hands on nuclear weapons, says Todenhofer, calling the group a  nuclear tsunami preparing the largest religious cleansing in history. Those warnings are made all the more stark by the possibility of a nuclear arms race in the Middle East sparked by the Iran nuclear deal, with rival states such as Saudi Arabia eyeing their own nuclear arsenal leading to a higher proliferation   and a higher chance that nuclear weapons could fall into ISIS hands.",0
17083,"ON THE MOVE: [Video] Iranians, Russians And Syrians Set Up Coordination Cell In Iraq","How many more days remain in our Community Organizer In Chief s term in office? He can t make golfing his full time job fast enough This week, former CIA director Gen. David Petraeus testified on Capitol Hill, warning that inaction in Syria carries risks for the United States. Russia s recent military escalation in Syria is a further reminder that when the U.S. does not take the initiative, others will fill the vacuum   often in ways that are harmful to our interests,  Petraeus said.FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE   Russian, Syrian and Iranian military commanders have set up a coordination cell in Baghdad in recent days to try to begin working with Iranian-backed Shia militias fighting the Islamic State, Fox News has learned.Western intelligence sources say the coordination cell includes low-level Russian generals. U.S. officials say it is not clear whether the Iraqi government is involved at the moment.Describing the arrival of Russian military personnel in Baghdad, one senior U.S. official said,  They are popping up everywhere. CNN Report Sept. 8, 2015:The Russians already have been building up their military presence in Syria, a subject expected to factor prominently in a planned meeting between President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York Monday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.While the U.S. also is fighting the Islamic State, the Obama administration has voiced concern that Russia s involvement, at least in Syria, could have a destabilizing effect.Moscow, though, has fostered ties with the governments in both Syria and Iraq. In May, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi flew to Moscow for an official visit to discuss potential Russian arms transfers and shared intelligence capability, as well as the enhancement of security and military capabilities, according to a statement by the Iraqi prime minister s office at the time.Iranian Quds Force commander Qassem Soleimani also was spotted in Baghdad on Sept 22. He met with Shia militias backed by Iran; intelligence officials believe he met with Russians as well.Meanwhile, a U.S. official described to Fox News how, over the weekend, the Russians were able to move 24 attack jets into Syria undetected.The Russian military flew 12 Sukhoi Su-25  Frogfoot  and a dozen Sukhoi Su-24  Fencer  attack aircraft in  tight formations  under the  steady stream  of the large Russian An-124 cargo planes that have been ferrying supplies from bases in Russia through Iran before traveling on to Syria, the official said.The large cargo planes appeared as  a big blip  on radar, but flying beneath them were  tight formations  of the smaller Russian fighter jets that used jamming pods and switched off their IFF, which would identify the aircraft to radar.The large Russian cargo planes have the capability to fly directly from Russia to Syria, but the smaller attack aircraft do not. The Russian jets did not have the legs to make it directly from Russia to Syria, and needed a base to refuel,  said the official, who spoke to Fox News under the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to disclose sensitive information.According to the Aviationist, the Russian cargo planes and fighter jets landed at an airbase in Hamadan, Iran, roughly halfway between Baghdad and Tehran on Sept 18-19.Fox News also has learned from U.S. military sources that the Russians have begun flying some of the Sukhoi fighter and attack jets from Bassel al-Assad airport, in Latakia, now a Russian forward operating base along the Mediterranean.The planes are not dropping bombs or conducting attack missions, but just flying around near the base, according to one official. The official also confirmed that Russian destroyers are in position off the Mediterranean coast.On Thursday, State Department spokesman John Kirby denied a U.S. intelligence failure led to U.S. officials being caught unaware of the two dozen Russian warplanes arriving in Syria. I can tell you that we ve been watching this very, very closely   and we have not been ignorant of what the Russians have been doing,  said Kirby.Asked Thursday about Russia s military involvement in Syria, Defense Secretary Ash Carter cautioned that without Russian support for a  political transition  in Damascus, it could  pour gasoline on the ISIL phenomenon rather than to lead to the defeat of ISIL. But just two days ago, Secretary of State John Kerry said the Russian build-up was consistent with defensive measures. For the moment, it is the judgment of our military and most experts that the level and type represents basically force protection, a level of protection for their deployment to an airbase given the fact that it is in an area of conflict,  Kerry said at the State Department Tuesday. ",0
17084,POPE MAKES VISIT TO NUNS OBAMA REGIME IS SUING For Not Conforming To Obamacare Contraception Mandate,"Leave it to our Community Organizer In Chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateIf Obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the United States illegally?  Pope Francis paid a short visit to the Little Sisters of the Poor community in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday to support them in their court case over the contraception mandate, the Vatican s spokesman revealed.It was a  short visit that was not in the program,  Father Federico Lombardi, director of the Holy See Press Office, said at an evening press conference during the papal visit to the nation s capital. This is a sign, obviously, of support for them  in their court case, he affirmed.The sisters have filed a lawsuit against the Obama administration for its 2012 mandate that employers provide insurance coverage for birth control, sterilizations, and drugs that can cause abortions in employee health plans. The sisters have maintained that to provide this coverage would violate their religious beliefs.Even after the Obama administration modified the rules as an  accommodation  for objecting organizations, the sisters held that the revised rules would force them to violate their consciences.The majority of a three-judge panel for the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in July that the Little Sisters of the Poor did not establish that the mandate was a  substantial burden  on their free exercise of religion, and thus ruled they still had to abide by the mandate.The papal visit was not on the official schedule for Pope Francis  Washington, D.C. visit, which included Wednesday visits to the White House, a midday prayer service with the U.S. bishops at St. Matthew s Cathedral, and the canonization mass for St. Junipero Serra at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.It was a  little addition to the program, but I think it has an important meaning,  Fr. Lombardi said.He added that the visit  is connected  to  the words that the Pope has said in support of the position of the bishops of the United States in the speech to President Obama and also in the speech to the bishops. Pope Francis, with President Obama at the White House, called religious freedom  one of America s most precious possessions  and had hearkened to the U.S. bishops  defense of religious freedom.  All are called to be vigilant, precisely as good citizens, to preserve and defend that freedom from everything that would threaten or compromise it,  he had said.In response to the news of the visit with the sisters, Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville, president of the U.S. Bishops Conference, said that he was  so pleased  to hear of the visit. As you know the last thing the Little Sisters of the Poor want to do is sue somebody. They don t want to sue in court,  he insisted.  They simply want to serve people who are poor and elderly, and they want to do it in a way that doesn t conflict with their beliefs.Via: Catholic News Agency",0
17085,HUCKABEE NAILS IT: Says Obama’s Radical List Of Invited Guests To Meet Pope Proves His Fake Christianity," Welcoming a pro-life, pro-marriage leader at the White House with a crowd of abortion and gay rights activists, is as classy as hosting an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting with an open bar. Mike Huckabee said Tuesday that Barack Obama  pretends to be a Christian,  after the president s guest list for Pope Francis  White House welcome ceremony included a short list of Catholics and other Christians who haev visibly parted with Church doctrine. Huckabee told Newsmax TV that he is  concerned about a guy that believes he s a Christian, and pretends to be and then says he is, but does things that makes it very difficult for people to practice their Christian faith. I m disappointed if a person says,  I m a Christian,  but you invite the Pope into your home and then you invite a whole bunch of people who are at odds with the Catholic Church policy. I think there s something very unseemly about that. The guest list for Wednesday morning s pomp and circumstance on the South Lawn of the White House included a pro-choice nun, a transgender woman and an openly gay retired Episcopal bishop   plus a Roman Catholic teacher from suburban Philadelphia who was fired this year for marrying her girlfriend.Gene Robinson, the first openly gay Episcopal bishop, divorced his partner last year after previously divorcing his first spouse, a woman.Margie Winters, the suburban Philadelphia educator, said Monday that she hoped the pontiff would address issues facing gay Catholics during his visit to the U.S.The 50-year-old Winters lost her job as religious instruction director at Waldron Mercy Academy in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in June over her 2007 same-sex marriage.Winters says the school principal knew she was gay and married to Andrea Vettori, clinical director at a health center for the homeless, when she was hired eight years ago.Her invitation to join a crowd of 11,000 on Wednesday morning came via the Human Rights Campaign, an gay-rights activist group.Huckabee was answering a question Tuesday night about whether Muslim politicians should be disqualified from running for president. There is no religious test for a person to hold public office in America,  he said.  I m less concerned about what faith a person has. I m more concerned about the authenticity of their faith and how that plays out in their policies. Huckabee lashed out at Obama on Tuesday in an essay published by The Daily Caller, saying he  shows total disrespect to millions of Americans by transforming Pope Francis  White House visit into a politicized cattle call for gay and pro-abortion activists. Via: UK Daily Mail Online",0
17086,EU LEADERS PLEDGE EXTRA €1 Billion In Aid To Refugees…Slovakia Will Take EU To Court Over Forced Refugee Quotas," It won t lead to any solution. It s a kind of European Union dictatorship towards smaller members An extra  1 billion ( 733 million) has been pledged by EU leaders to help tackle the refugee crisis following an emergency summit in Brussels.It comes as Slovakia says it will go to court to challenge compulsory quotas for relocating 120,000 refugees approved by European Union ministers.Britain has not signed up to the plans, instead opting for a relocation scheme to take 20,000 Syrian refugees from countries in the Middle East over the next five years. Via: itvFour of the 28 EU countries voted against the quota system on Tuesday, with Finland abstaining. Slovakia, one of the loudest critics of the decision, which was advocated strongly by Germany and France, announced it would challenge it in court. We will go in two directions: first one, we will file a charge at the court in Luxembourg  secondly, we will not implement the (decision) of the interior ministers,  the Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico told reporters on Wednesday, before leaving for an EU leaders  summit in Brussels. We have been refusing this nonsense from the beginning, and as a sovereign country we have the right to sue,  he added, saying his country would not submit to the quota as long as he leads it.Slovakia, which has a population of 5.4 million, objects to the relocation of 120,000 migrants and refugees from Italy and Greece throughout the EU. It currently has only a small migrant community and the public opinion is against accepting Muslim asylum seekers, who make up the majority of those looking to enter Europe this year.Fico called the decision passed by a rare vote, rather than the accepted unanimous vote by all EU member states, a  dictate of the majority  and said the plan fails to address the core issues of the refugee crisis.Meanwhile, Jurgen Elsaesser, editor-in-chief of the German-based magazine Compact, told RT that the way the quota vote took place, threatens European unity, while it was also a  total nonsense  in practical terms. It won t lead to any solution. It s a kind of European Union dictatorship towards smaller members,  he said, speaking to RT.  Brussels tries to press them into accepting more refugees, but the people and the governments of these countries are not willing to do so. This will become a serious rift within the European Union.   Via: RT",0
17087,HOW MUSLIM IMMIGRANTS HAVE DESTROYED BRITAIN’S PRICELESS HERITAGE: [VIDEO] Why Generations Of Brit’s Will Pay Dearly For Their Naive “Open Arms” Policy For Muslim Immigrants,The result of Britain s willingness to allow Muslims to immigrate in massive numbers to their country is shocking. This video is a real eye opener and should be viewed by every American:https://youtu.be/KilJkG5Ndks,0
17088,BREAKING: Hillary Clinton’s Deleted E-mails Found By FBI On Her Server,"Oops! Hillary Clinton thought her server was wiped clean but it appears as though KARMA has arrived on the scene. The FBI has Clinton s e-mails! Maybe she ll finally be held accountable for Benghazi. This is going to get very interesting.The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has successfully recovered personal and work emails from Hillary Clinton s private email server, according to a new report.Sources told Bloomberg News that some of Clinton s emails have been extracted from the server, thus disproving the claim that Clinton managed to wipe her server clean after she deleted all of her emails earlier this year.Therefore, some of the emails that Clinton deleted   the ones that she determined were NOT relevant to federal investigations   are now in the hands of the FBI.The federal investigation, therefore, is now out of Clinton s control.Outside computer specialists have said the FBI has the technical capability to recover deleted e-mails. The exact number of personal e-mails recovered by the FBI could not be learned. Once the e-mails have been extracted, a group of agents has been separating personal correspondence and passing along work-related messages to agents leading the investigation, the person said. Since the existence of the e-mail system became public in March, Clinton has seen her standing in polls slide, particularly in regards to questions about her trustworthiness. She also has been heavily criticized by congressional Republicans who have raised questions over whether the private server jeopardized the security of sensitive data. Internal government watchdogs have determined that classified information ended up on the system. Their findings sparked the FBI inquiry.Read more: Bloomberg News ",0
17089,BREAKING: HUGE LEGAL VICTORY FOR AMERICANS Who Were Told To Stop Speaking Out Against Obama [VIDEO],"A big slap in the face to an overreaching government who is more worried about protecting the reputations of our tyrannical president in public than our most basic right to free speech The Thomas More Law Center (TMLC), a national public interest law firm based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of the plaintiffs in August 2014, challenging the enactment of the ordinance which restricted the plaintiffs  right to demonstrate and display signs calling for the impeachment of President Obama and the end to illegal immigration on city overpasses over designated highways.U.S. District Judge David Godbey for the Northern District Court of Texas entered the consent judgment, marking the first time that the City of Dallas admitted its ordinance was an unconstitutional restriction on freedom of speech and freedom of assembly.Erin Mersino, TMLC Senior Trial Counsel handling the case, commented,  It is a good day for free speech. Overpasses for America and Valerie Villarreal may now resume their important demonstrations without fear of being fined or retaliated against by the City. We re asking our readers to consider making a donation (in any amount) to this amazing law firm who does so much to protect our freedoms from a tyrannical government: Donate to the Thomas More Law Center by clicking HEREIn November 2014, just three months after TMLC filed their initial lawsuit against the city, the Dallas City Council voted to repeal the ordinance. During the repeal process, however, the City refused to acknowledge that the ordinance unconstitutionally attacked Free Speech that criticized President Obama and the flood of illegal immigration encouraged by the Obama administration s complete disregard of federal immigration laws. The judgment entered by the District Court, however, specifically declares that the Dallas ordinance was a violation of Overpasses for America s First Amendment rights to free speech and free assembly. The judgment also awarded nominal damages as requested by the Plaintiffs in recognition of the City of Dallas  violation of the Overpasses members  Free Speech and Freedom of Assembly rights, and provided a settlement amount for attorneys  fees and costs.Before the enactment of the City s ordinance, the North Dallas Chapter of Overpasses for America had held over 75 demonstrations on the pedestrian overpasses in Dallas, without a single traffic incident. Nevertheless, the City Council moved forward with the restrictive ordinance under the guise that it was necessary for public safety.Overpasses for America is a nonpartisan grassroots movement that calls for accountability among our nation s leaders.Overpasses for America demonstrators frequently use pedestrian overpasses to spread their messages and to reach a large and diverse audience. Several cities, however, have sought to silence these concerned citizens.Richard Thompson, President and Chief Counsel of TMLC, stated:  The concerns of a majority of Americans on crucial public issues have little impact on the Washington political establishment.That s why it s so important to defend the free speech rights of grassroots organizations like Overpasses for America, whose members feel it s their patriotic duty to get their message out and mobilize their fellow citizens. TMLC is currently representing two plaintiffs in a case challenging a similar ordinance in the Town of Campbell, Wisconsin that case is currently pending before the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.Here is the incident that took place in Campbell, WI:Here are members of the Overpasses For America group defending their free speech right in front of the Campbell, WI City Council:Via: Thomas More Law Center",0
17090,THE REAL REASON JOE BIDEN HASN’T ANNOUNCED HE’S RUNNING YET: Reliable Investigative Reporter Shares The Disturbing Inside Scoop,"Obama couldn t just endorse Joe Biden because like a loyal dog, he s defended every one of his unconstitutional acts against America. No Obama doesn t do anything without injecting Chicago style politics into the equation. In this case, he will only endorse one of the dumbest men in Washington DC for our next President if he agrees to his radical terms.How very  Putin-esque The talk in Democratic Party circles is that Barack Obama has told Joe Biden that he is prepared to endorse him for president if, in return, Biden promises to let Obama have a final say in the choice of his vice presidential running mate.According to these Democratic sources, Biden is mulling over the president s conditional offer of support.In addition, there is speculation among top Democratic sources that Obama has another quid pro quo for his endorsement: he wants Biden to choose an African American as his vice presidential running mate.In this scenario, which Obama has not yet fully explained to Biden, Biden would promise to serve only one term in the White House, after which he would back his vice president to succeed him.As Biden s vice president, Obama is said to favor former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, a close Obama ally who is the first and only African American to have served as governor of the Bay State.Obama has already given Biden carte blanche to use Air Force Two, the official vice presidential plane, to crisscross the country and launch an unofficial campaign.So far, Biden has visited several key primary and general election states and hammered GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, charging that Trump is offering a  sick message  on immigration.Biden has also courted the Jewish vote, hinting that he will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.With Obama s blessing, Biden appeared on  The Late Show With Stephen Colbert,  where he discussed his son Beau s death from brain cancer and came across as an authentic alternative to the stiff and overly scripted Hillary Clinton. Via: Edward Klein",0
17091,RAW VIDEO OF ENTITLEMENT NATION: Thousands Line Up For Section 8 Housing – Need or Want?,"America has become Entitlement Nation where thousands line up for housing   is this a need or just a want? Those in need like the disabled or our veterans are the ones Section 8 was meant for, yet able bodied Americans started to line up TWO DAYS before the voucher giveaway. Are thousands upon thousands of people REALLY in need of free housing? My answer came in the form of a Facebook post that clearly defined for me the fact that people use these entitlements when they REALLY don t need them:The comments below this picture were very telling   this is the norm for many Americans:Laura-  That s awesome! Lasuzy-  Wow..you should of seen the line here in Modesto Ca it never ended,lucky there was no numbers,so I assume all in line got a application its been 5 years ago,still waiting to be called Karen-  Wow   back when i had applied for just the LA County it took 17 years for them to send me the card telling me my packet was coming. But by the time my packet came i was already in housing out here in San Bernardino county and had been for some years Ray-  My BROTHER there going to wait a long time I ve been on the waiting list 8 years. GODBLESS. Florence-  I wish I can get section 8 so I can do more for my grand sons I raise .it s hard But thank God that he provides every day Jennie-  Oh cool, hopefully they call all those people back quicker than LA does SOUNDS LIKE THIS HUD/SECTION 8 HOUSING IS A RACKET FOR THOSE WHO FEEL ENTITLED TO THE FREEBIES!Thousands of people lined up Monday morning for the chance to apply for low-cost, government-subsidized housing in the city of Norwalk.Officials with the City of Norwalk Housing Authority began handing out applications at 8 a.m. at the Norwalk Arts and Sports Complex. Roughly 3,000 applications for the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Program waiting list were scheduled to be distributed through Sept. 24 or until all applications were handed out, city officials said. By just past 7 a.m., a line of people could be seen going all around what appeared to be nearly a city block, according to aerial reports: A fact sheet distributed by the city prior to the event warned prospective applicants that it  may be many months or several years before we are able to assist you with your rent. This is not an emergency program.  The city of Norwalk has a population of just under 107,000 as of a 2013 census.HOUSING EXPENDITURES HAVE SKYROCKETED:THIS IS FROM 2005 SO JUST IMAGINE WHAT IT IS NOW!   Via: CBS",0
17092,[VIDEO] HOW POLITICAL CORRECTNESS Will Be The Cause Of Death For Europe…Will We Allow America To Be Next?,What happens to Europe if the refugee surge of mostly muslim men doesn t stop?France is becoming unrecognizableSweden now has  NO GO  Zones where police won t even venture into for fear of their own safety. Muslim street gangs in Sweden are now fighting with hand grenades on the streets. Opponents of immigration in Sweden are branded as  racists.  Many of Sweden s residents are liberals who have aggressively outlawed traditional religion. They have replaced it with their own brand of religion with which includes and obsession with anti-racism.Over 1 million migrants have arrived in Germany this year:They march to Austria and Budapest:This video pretty much sums up the immigration crisis in Europe and how demanding these refugees are once they make their way (illegally) into several countries around Europe: ,0
17093,EXPOSE THE LIES: Shut Down Planned Parenthood’s Phone Lines,"TODAY IS  SCHEDULE YOUR MAMMOGRAM DAY  WITH PLANNED PARENTHOOD   PP LIES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO WE THINK IT S IMPORTANT TO CALL THEM OUT ON THE FACTS: They DO NOT perform mammograms!Please call your local Planned parenthood clinic and ask if you can schedule your mammogram with them   Do it today! A few years ago, Cecile Richards went on television and said that if Planned Parenthood was defunded, women would lose access to services  such as mammograms.  As a former clinic director of Planned Parenthood, I knew this was simply not true.We scheduled our first  Schedule Your Mammogram Day  after that. We had over 10,000 people call Planned Parenthood. While we were hoping for an official statement from Planned Parenthood, they were silent.Just a couple nights ago at the Miss America pageant, one of the contestants stated that Planned Parenthood shouldn t be defunded because women would lose access to those dang mammograms.We figured maybe it was time to make some more calls. Hey, maybe Planned Parenthood started providing mammograms in house!? It s time to find out.We are asking prolifers everywhere to call your local Planned Parenthood clinics and ask to schedule your mammogram.GOAL: 20,000 calls!WHO CAN CALL? Anyone! If you re a guy   call to schedule one for the lady in your life. WHEN: All day on September 21, 2015 WHERE: Google your local planned parenthood and call  em up. IMPORTANT: AT THE END OF EVERY CALL, MAKE SURE TO TELL THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD WORKER TO GO VISIT WWW.ABORTIONWORKER.COM.We will continue to do this month after month until Planned Parenthood makes an official statement announcing that they do NOT provide mammogram services. It s time to bust this myth once and for all.AT THE END OF EVERY CALL, MAKE SURE TO TELL THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD WORKER TO GO VISIT WWW.ABORTIONWORKER.COM.PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS LYING TO YOU!The big fib that Planned Parenthood leads with, and one that is endlessly repeated by their friends in the media, is that if Planned Parenthood is defunded, where will all those women go for their mammograms? Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards says this wherever she goes.Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms. Lila Rose of LiveAction showed this by having people call dozens of Planned Parenthood facilities asked for a mammogram and being told every single time,  No, we don t do mammograms  and then being directed to a local clinic that does.No one has to take Lila Rose s word for it though, according to a dossier prepared by Americans United for Life,  As recently as 2012, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has confirmed that no Planned Parenthood clinic is authorized to perform mammograms. Read more: Breitbart News",0
17094,“This is a big deal!” Obama Lied About ISIS Progress In The Middle East (Video),"Steve Hayes says the biggest scandal yet for Obama is possibly the downplaying of the progress of ISIS in the middle east. Basically, ISIS intel was cooked to make Obama look good crazy!",0
17095,Why Are We Taking A Huge Number Of Muslim Refugees If the Muslim Gulf States Have Taken Zero?,"John Kerry just announced that America will be taking thousands upon thousands of Muslim refugees in the coming months. The refugees are being  referred  by the UN so the UN is in charge of who comes. This move by the Obama administration shows great disregard for the American people who ll be funding this mass migration. This refugee resettlement scam will cost a HUGE amount of money and YOU will be paying for it! The refugees get all the  goodies  when they arrive: The federal programs available to them include:  Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) formerly known as AFDC   Medicaid   Food Stamps   Public Housing   Supplemental Security Income (SSI)   Social Security Disability Insurance   Administration on Developmental Disabilities (ADD) (direct services only)   Child Care and Development Fund   Independent Living Program   Job Opportunities for Low Income Individuals (JOLI)   Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP)   Postsecondary Education Loans and Grants   Refugee Assistance Programs   Title IV Foster Care and Adoption Assistance Payments (if parents are  qualified immigrants   refugees, asylees, etc)   Title XX Social Services Block Grant FundsSource: Refugee Resettlement WatchWe cannot and should not be doing this especially since Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States like Qatar have taken ZERO refuses. ZERO!!! They ve spoken out that they are afraid of terrorism and that s why they ve refused refugees. The U.S. is offering new details about its plan to ease the Syrian refugee crisis by significantly increasing the number of worldwide refugees it will take in over the next two years.U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says the U.S. will accept 85,000 refugees from around the world next year, up from 70,000, and the number will rise to 100,000 in 2017.Aides to Kerry say that many, though not all, of the additional refugees would be Syrian.The migrants would be referred by the United Nations, screened by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and resettled around America.Kerry made the announcement Sunday during a visit to Berlin after meeting with German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier to discuss the mass migration of Syrians fleeing their civil war.Kerry s announcement came amid a growing call for the U.S. to do more to relief the escalating crisis. Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton said Sunday on CBS News   Face the Nation  that as many as 65,000 Syrian refugees should be taken in. We re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II, and I think the United States has to do more,  the former secretary of State said on CBS   Face the Nation  on Sunday.  I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in. President Obama said his administration will let in at least 10,000 Syrian refugees.Via: NBC",0
17096,Shame! Last Hope To Kill Iran Nuke Deal Blocked In Senate,"Just like Obamacare was pushed through, the Iran Nuke Deal has been pushed through in spite of it being VERY unpopular with the American people. Just like Obamacare, this deal hasn t even been read and vetted fully by the Congress. This is all about political ideology over what s best for the foreign policy interests of America. Shame on the Senate!U.S. Senate Democrats on Thursday blocked legislation meant to kill the Iran nuclear deal for a third time, securing perhaps the greatest foreign policy win of President Barack Obama s six years in office and clearing the way to implement the accord.By a 56-42 vote, the Republican-majority Senate fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance in the 100-member chamber.Despite an intense and expensive lobbying effort against it, all but four of Obama s fellow Democrats backed the nuclear pact between the United States, five other world powers and Tehran announced in July.With no more Senate votes this week, the result ensured Congress will not pass a resolution of disapproval that would have crippled the deal by eliminating Obama s ability to waive many sanctions.A resolution would have had to pass both the Senate and House of Representatives by midnight Thursday, and survive Obama s veto, to be enacted.The House, where Republicans also have a majority, never voted on the resolution, opting to pass three symbolic Iran-related measures that would not have affected the nuclear deal.Stephen Mull named U.S. coordinator on Iran nuclear deal Two presidential hopefuls, Senators Rand Paul and Marco Rubio, missed the vote after a debate in California last night in which Republicans bashed the Iran deal. Two others, Ted Cruz and Lindsey Graham, voted with every other Senate Republican to advance the resolution.Four Democrats, Senators Ben Cardin, Joe Manchin, Robert Menendez and Charles Schumer, voted with the Republicans to advance the disapproval resolution all three times.Angry Republicans accused Democrats of denying the disapproval measure its due consideration in order to keep Obama from having to use his veto power. It will go into effect without the American people having their say,  said John Cornyn, the Senate s second-ranked Republican.Via: Reuters",0
17097,Will Your Hometown Be Taking In Obama’s Refugees? Here’s The List Of Cities Where They’re Being Transplanted,"Our friend Ann Corcoran has been exposing the truth about the US State Department s radical Refugee Resettlement Program for years. Finally, America is waking up to this shocking program that brings hundreds of thousands of mostly muslim refugees into our country all supported by our tax dollars Just before the weekend, we learned that out of the fifty states, California, Texas and New York will be getting the largest dump of Muslim  refugees  coming from the Middle East. They are also unscreened Muslims as well. So, if you were wondering if a town near you was going to be a dumping ground for potential jihadists, we ve got a complete list for you.The Obama State Department has released a list of 190 cities in the United States that they will be releasing these unvetted and unscreened Muslim  refugees  into.Ann Corcoran has been covering what is going on and it isn t just the Obama administration who is neglecting their constitutional duties. It s also a Republican-controlled House and Senate.Corcoran writes:Has Congress been shirking its duty for decades?Sure looks like it! Because of the proposals to bring in as many as 100,000 Syrians in the next 12 months, there must be hearings! Come on Trey Gowdy! Come on Bob Goodlatte! Where are you?History tells us that the House (and the Senate) have been shirking their duties under the Refugee Act of 1980 for twenty years!She went on to point out that history:Take a trip down memory lane to the House debate on the  Immigration in the National Interest Act of 1995 (HR2202) spearheaded by Rep. Lamar Smith and see what was said about the  consultation  process and how it has been ignored to America s great detriment.From House Report 104-469 (hat tip: Richard Falknor at Blue Ridge Forum). Report is dated March 4, 1996. Former Democratic Rep. Elizabeth Holtzman who was involved with the passage of the Refugee Act of 1980, as chairman of he immigration subcommittee, is quoted as confirming the importance of the consultation process and Congress  role!The Refugee Act of 1980 intended to provide Congress with a meaningful role in the process of determining refugee admissions. In the words of former Representative Elizabeth Holtzman, then Chair of the House Subcommittee on Immigration, Refugees and International Law,  Importantly, for the first time, the bill requires that Congress be consulted before refugees are admitted, and spells out in detail the elements of that consultation.  55 Additionally, the Report of the House Committee on the Judiciary regarding the Refugee Act of 1980 stated the following: \55\ 125 Cong. Rec. H11966, H1167 (daily ed. Dec. 13, 1979) (statement of Rep. Holtzman).The Committee has made every effort to assure that Congress has a proper and substantial role in all decisions on refugee admissions. In the past, the Attorney General s consultation with this committee regarding admissions has been merely a matter of courtesy or custom. * * * The Committee cannot overemphasize the importance it attaches to consultation. The Congress is charged under the Constitution with the responsibility for the regulation of immigration, and this responsibility continues with respect to refugee admissions.56 \56\ House Report 96-608 at 12-14 (1979).In the past several years, the refugee consultation process has devolved into a single meeting between the Executive Branch and the House and Senate Judiciary Committees near the end of the fiscal year the very type of process which the 1980 Act expressly rejected. As an example, the refugee consultation for fiscal year 1996 occurred in the middle of September 1995 two weeks prior to the beginning of fiscal year 1996. The failure of the Administration to consult with Congress on the number and allocation of refugee admissions until just prior to the beginning of the fiscal year meant that the series of discussions between the President and Congress called for in section 207(d)(1) of the INA did not take place. [This is exactly what is happening right now! ed]The current process of determining refugee admissions does not provide Congress with a meaningful role in this process, as intended in the Refugee Act of 1980. The number of refugee admissions for a particular fiscal year should not be set unilaterally by the President. As former Chairwoman Holtzman stated:  * * * there is no substitute for public scrutiny, public disclosure, public debate on an issue of such importance as the admission of refugees to the United States.  57 The only way to have an adequate public debate on the issue of refugees is to give Congress a more meaningful role in determining number and allocation of refugee admissions. \57\ 125 Cong. Rec. H37203 (daily ed. Dec. 20, 1979).One should not be surprised to find the designated terror group Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) behind trying to move some of these potential jihadists into areas like St. Louis. Via: The Washington Standard ",0
17098,Executive Order: Obama Orders Behavioral Experiments On Americans,"If you think this is a good idea then you might be a leftist. Our government wants to nudge us to do what they want.President Obama announced a new executive order on Tuesday which authorizes federal agencies to conduct behavioral experiments on U.S. citizens in order to advance government initiatives.In its 2013 memo, which was reported by Fox News at the time, the White House openly admitted that the initiative involved behavioral experimentation.The initiative draws on research from University of Chicago economist Richard Thaler and Harvard law school professor Cass Sunstein, who was also dubbed Obama s regulatory czar. The two behavioral scientists argued in their 2008 book  Nudge  that government policies can be designed in a way that  nudges  citizens towards certain behaviors and choices.Read more: Daily Caller",0
17099,SHOCKING PICTURE OF REFUGEES FIGHTING Police Officers In Germany With ISIS Flags,"This is truly a shocking photo. To see these ISIS flags in the hands of what appears to be Muslim men in Germany fighting back against the police should give everyone pause The Syrian operative claimed more than 4,000 ISIS gunmen had been smuggled into western nations   hidden amongst innocent refugees.The ISIS smuggler, revealed the ongoing clandestine operation is a complete success.Islamic State is believed to be actively smuggling deadly gunmen across the sparsely-guarded 565-mile Turkish border and on to richer European nations, he revealed.This new Leaked picture, may help to confirm this accusation.Here is a video of the refugee crisis and chaos in Greece:https://youtu.be/LxIy6YbtmxIThe video below is a compilation of the refugee crisis all of Europe is facing right now:Via: News360.com",0
17100,Great Video! Muslim Invasion Of The West In Progress Thanks To Obama,"If you haven t been paying attention then you wouldn t know that this administration has literally thrown us to the wolves. The UN and radical liberals in the Obama administration are so hell bent on the global society that they are flooding us with muslim  refugees  and illegals in the name of diversity. The bleeding heart liberals feel the need to shove what they want down your throat without any consideration for the cost to you. If there is one thing President Barack Obama has accomplished for Islam, it was exposing to jihadists the horrendously soft underbelly of the present day West.During his seven year long hold over America, Obama was the first western leader to fundamentally transform a once thriving nation into a helpless borderless state. Like most of his policies, the borderless country concept was not his original idea, but one he adopted from the global citizen-advocating United Nations.In the upheaval caused by millions of refugees flooding European borders, too many remain unaware that the imprimatur of a defenseless west was both laid bare and originated by none other than Barack Obama.In their centuries-old dream of imposing a Caliphate on the civilized world, the bloodthirsty terrorists of radical Islam didn t have to read teacups this time. They only had to follow Obama s Hansel and Gretel-like bread crumbs to find a surefire way into the West.Almost overnight the same ISIS terrorists Obama refused to name went from graphic Internet videos of beheadings to heartbreaking photos of Muslim  refugees , mostly women and children dying in desperate attempts to reach Europe.For Obama, Marxist superiority went all the way from not crossing his media hyped  red line  to zero lines of defense for the safety of unsuspecting citizens worldwide.The blueprint for taking over the West was there for everyone including the enemy to clearly see.With no boots on the ground and using air strikes for show, Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Morocco, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom flocked to Obama for the useless  Coalition of the Unwilling . As the videos got more graphic by day and the media dubbed terrorists with nicknames like  Jihadi John  of John Lennon Beatle fame, it becomes easy to understand the rush to the coalition.Perhaps it was easier to think in the beginning that air strikes and drones would frighten off the terrorists.But recognizing that no boots on the ground meant no hearts in the fight, the terrorists continued the slaughter of innocents, sending out horrific videos as proof.At the end of the day, the Coalition of the Unwilling, the west s answer to the ISIS decapitation videos, laid bare to jihadists that the west had no stomach for swift and substantial retaliation to raging radical Islam. There are 20 million refugees waiting at the doorstep of Europe,  said Johannes Hahn, EU Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations. (Gatestone Institute, Sept. 14, 2015) Many claim that Europe, facing the crisis produced by the huge influx of Muslim migrants and refugees fleeing mainly Syria and Iraq, should open its doors. But given the realities in Europe and the Muslim world, this suggestion may well be harmful to both the West and to the Muslim world. One of the most common arguments is that Europe is not doing enough for the Muslim refugees and is actually responsible for the turmoil in Syria as well as the rest of the Muslim world. The current wars in the Middle East, however, are not the fault of the West. Obviously, the Obama administration and European governments must do more to stop the bloodbath in the Muslim world, but to say that the wars in the region are the product of Western intervention or some other Western  plots  just shows how clueless and ignorant the people who make such claims are about the history of Islam. Islamic scriptures call on Muslims to wage war on other religions to bring them under submission to Islam. Muhammad, the founder of Islam, said that he was  ordered by Allah to fight men until they testify that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is his messenger. Finding room for the biggest wave of refugees since World War II has become a sort of holier-than-thou count game for politically correct western leaders. We re taking in 10,000 more today .  How many have you taken in?  are now prolific claims on the Internet.Even the pope, who all but ignores the plight of Christians at the hands of Islam, but has called on all dioceses to make room under their roof for Syrian refugees, is in on the act.Making full-bore use of the heart-rending picture of little Alan Kurdi even though the circumstances of his death have been since proven fallacious the mainstream media keeps up with the pretense that the Syrian refugees are poor people fleeing the four-and-a-half-year-old Syrian civil war for their very lives.This is the same media that fails to report that terrorists are hiding among the refugees and that the inflow is mostly able-bodied men with few women and children in their midst.Meanwhile, the Islamic terrorists have strategized a way to take over Europe, with a foolproof strategy handed to them by Barack Hussein Obama.If the Muslim invasion of the West has just started to get your attention, this video will catch you up on how Europe is being transformed into an Islamic caliphate right before your eyes  Keep in mind that all these scenes took place BEFORE the recent surge of millions of illegal alien Muslim invaders flooding Europe, the majority of whom are freeloaders looking for welfare, and a significant minority who are rapists and potential terrorists.  Show this to all your bleeding heart liberal friends:One Hour Compilation of how Islam is Ruining Europe and America",0
17101,Unreal! DOJ Paying Off Minnesota Muslims To NOT Be Terrorists,"Yes, big government is using YOUR money to pay off bad actors so they won t terrorize America. It s really unreal but if you ve been watching the  fundamental transformation  in Minnesota you d know it s probably par for the course in that state. Minnesota was chosen to be flooded with Somali Muslims who ve since not made any effort to assimilate and have been basically a royal pain to the community. Recently, six young Somali refugees were charged with conspiring to support ISIS in Syria. So the government is calling this bribe to would-be terrorists  crime prevention . Why not just kick them out of America if they plan on supporting any terrorist organization?Hibaaq Osman has a glow that changes the energy in a room, or in her case, the energy of the restaurant her family owns in Karmel mall, the oldest Somali mall in Minneapolis. The cafe is right near the mosque on the top floor of the building, past rows of entrepreneurs selling wares in individual stalls, sipping hot drinks in small cups and chatting in Somali.Osman retains her glow, even in anger. And after a press conference held outside the mosque, she is upset. I feel like we as a community need to wake up,  she said.  We need to wake up and say,  You know what? Enough is enough.  We are citizens, we are taxpayers, we own businesses, we need people to understand that we also are part of this country just the way anybody else is.  [ ]Opponents of the CVE program point out that these 40 individuals make up less than 0.3% of Minnesota s Somali population.Already, the CVE pilot program has been re-branded with a new name, Building Community Resilience. Luger s office says it captures the essence of his vision: to keep teens from Minnesota from traveling to the Middle East and blowing themselves up. Luger says it will do so by providing $216,000 in federal funds   in addition to other local and private support   which will be disbursed to community groups through a grant-making organization.The social services supported by the funding serve as crime prevention, he contends.But a statement issued from a coalition protesting the program asserted:  The Minnesota Muslim community is united over its growing concerns of the CVE pilot program, which so far has only alienated the very communities it was seeking to influence. While attempting to derail the communities  own initiative to enhance its ability to build community resilience. Via: The Guardian",0
17102,Obama To U.S.Military On Putin: “he did not take my warnings” On Syria…Encourages Russians To “get a little smarter”,"Sarah Palin can hear Putin s knees knocking from her front porch President Obama addressed news that Russian President Vladimir Putin was sending Russian military advisers into Syria to bolster the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad.Obama explained during a town hall event with members of the military that he warned Putin years ago not to support the tyrannical dictator. I remember a conversation I had with Mr. Putin four or five years ago where I told him that was a mistake   he did not take my warnings and as a consequence things have gotten worse,  he said.Obama said historically, Russia provided a lot of financial support to Assad and sold Syria weapons, even as the dictator continued to alienate his regime from the people. The bad news is that Russia continues to believe that Assad, who is their traditional partner, is somebody that is worthy of continuing support,  Obama said.Obama acknowledged that Putin was now sending more military advisers to Assad as well as more military equipment. The strategy that they re pursuing now by doubling down with Assad, I think is a big mistake,  he said.  You can t continue to double down on a strategy that is doomed to failure. Obama said that the United States would continue talking with Russia to convince them that their actions were bad for Syria. He signaled that diplomacy was the primary vehicle for restoring order in Syria, encouraging the Russians to  get a little smarter. They are threatened in may ways more than we are by ISIL. They ve got a large Muslim populations that historically have caused a lot of problems inside of Russian,  he said.Via: Breitbart News",0
17103,"(Video) Lie, Lie, Lie: State Department Speaks With Forked Tongue On The Rise Of Radical Islam",Last week it was reported that intelligence reports were being altered to favor Obama s claims that ISIS is a jv team. Playing down the danger of the growing terror network does nothing but give people false security. ,0
17104,[VIDEO] FLASHBACK TO THE LIE ABOUT THE VIDEO ON THE OTHER 9-11: #NeverForget The 4 Brave Men Who Were Left To Die In #Benghazi,"#NeverForget Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, Chris Doherty and Ambassador Christopher Stevens:This disgusting excuse for a  Commander in Chief  and his serial criminal Sec. of State stood in front of grieving families, friends, military members and international TV cameras and LIED about  reason our embassy was attacked in Benghazi in an attempt to cover for the deaths of 4 brave men:Watch Barack Hussein Obama lying stumbling through his answer to Fox News journalist, Ed Henry about Benghazi:https://youtu.be/VrngkuWKXE8Watch Judge Jeanine expose all of the lies of Benghazi and rip Obama and Hillary apart over their deceit and betrayal of these young men with promising futures:And finally, Sean Smith s mother has a Mother s Day message for Hillary: ",0
17105,Watch FOX News Anchor Hammer Mitch McConnell: Washington Stinks!!!,"Bill Hemmer let Mitch McConnell have it but McConnell was looking like a deer in the headlights with a blank stare on his face:  People on the outside see this and think that that s just Washington doing what Washington wants to do. And, damn the laws. And, you know what s going on in the campaign trail, Democrat or Republican. That s why Bernie Sanders is getting 15,000 people at a rally. That s why Donald Trump is at 32% of the polling right now. People do not like what is coming out of Washington and they think the smell stinks.  ",0
17106,U.S. Spy Chief James Clapper: U.S. Must Be Prepared for a ‘Large Armageddon-scale’ Cyber Attack,"Well, get busy people! With the cyber attacks happening all over the place, you d think the feds would try and hurry the protections against any future attacks. China s got our number for sure  ",0
17107,(VIDEO) BALTIMORE MAYOR GIVES TOTALLY INSANE REASON FOR GIVING $6.4 MILLION TO FREDDIE GRAY FAMILY,The reason the Baltimore Mayor gives for the huge settlement to the Gray family is just insane! Just listen to her state that this settlement could prevent a future riot. Who is she trying to fool here? Is she getting a kick back from this settlement? A much better use for the $6.4 million would be to help the businesses who lost everything in the riots because the police were told to stand down and do nothing while the city burned. ,0
17108,LIVE FEED AT 1:00 P.M. EST: 100% FED Up! AMERICANS WILL RALLY IN D.C. TODAY TO STOP THE IRAN DEAL,"This HUGE rally to protest against the Iran deal will be at 1:00 p.m. today on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol, the side facing the National Mall in D.C. We plan on covering this rally live so check back at 1:00:  We re excited we re going to be able to let Congress know the majority of Americans think this Iran deal is bad for America,  Jenny Beth Martin of Tea Party Patriots told Breitbart News on Tuesday evening, the night before the event.  We hope that Congress, especially the senators who have come out in favor of the deal, will vote to put America and America s security above party loyalty. Martin will be joined at the rally by a list of heavy conservative hitters including presidential candidates Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96% , 2016 frontrunner and billionaire Donald Trump, and former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore. Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee, will speak, as will several members of Congress including Reps. Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL)80% , Dave Brat (R-VA), Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK)96% , Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX)94% , Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ)88% , Rep. Steve King (R-IA)77% , Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC)96% , Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-KS)78% (R-NE), Rep. Ted Yoho (R-FL)70% , Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN)70% , Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-KS)90% , and Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-NY)71% Opinion leaders including nationally syndicated radio hosts Mark Levin and Glenn Beck, Duck Dynasty patriarch Phil Robertson, Citizens United s Dave Bossie, American Conservative Union s Matt Schlapp, Center For Security Policy s Frank Gaffney, Breitbart s Joel Pollak and Sonnie Johnson, and more will speak. The rally will begin at 1 p.m. on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol, the side facing the National Mall.Via: Breitbart",0
17109,U.S. GOVERNMENT THREATENS ILLEGAL SEIZURE OF FAMILY’S LAND NEAR AREA-51 BASE,"This case has been on our radar for some time now but will come to a head tomorrow. The government is offering its  last best offer  for the land and they want an answer by Thursday. This family doesn t want to give up their land no matter what the price so we ll see what happens For more than 70 years, since the U.S. government moved to that part of southern Nevada,  they have completely disregarded our constitutional rights    BARBARA MANNINGThe U.S. Air Force is giving an ultimatum to owners of a remote Nevada property now surrounded by a vast bombing range including the super-secret Area 51: Take a $5.2 million  last best offer  by Thursday for their property, or the government will seize it.The answer: No, at least for now.The owners, who trace their mining and mineral claims to the 1870s, include descendants of a couple who lost their hardscrabble mining enterprise after the Air Force moved in in the 1940s. Nuclear tests then began in 1951, their mine mill mysteriously exploded in 1954 and they ran out of money to seek reparations from the government in 1959. What they really want to buy is our property, our access rights and our view,  said Joseph Sheahan, 54, who has led the fight with his cousin, Barbara Sheahan Manning, on behalf of about 20 property co-owners. Both live in Henderson, Nev. We prefer to keep our property, but it s for sale under the right price at the right conditions,  Sheahan said.  Why don t they ask themselves what it cost my family over the years in blood, sweat, tears and money? The two sides are far apart. And they know condemnation proceedings would lead to a  fair market value  determination that could end up in court for a long time.The federal government gradually encircled the mine property   totaling fewer than 400 acres   northwest of Las Vegas, making it a private island reachable today only by passing armed guards at security gateposts. The surrounding secure 4,500-square-mile reservation for nuclear testing, military training and other research is almost twice the area of the state of Delaware. The land has become an increasingly greater safety and security risk as demand for test and training opportunities have increased,  the government said in an Aug. 28 news release describing the final offer.Today, Groom Mine overlooks Groom Lake, a site so secret that Col. Thomas Dempsey, a Nellis Air Force Base commander, would only refer to it on Friday as  one of many remote locations within the Nevada Test and Training Range. Nothing you can look up in any Air Force naming convention refers to Area 51,  added Jennifer Miller, deputy assistant Air Force secretary for installations.But check the Internet or watch TV s  X-Files  and Area 51 and Groom Lake evoke tales of top-secret aircraft research and testing, CIA programs and maybe extraterrestrials. The Triple-A baseball Las Vegas 51s even poke fun at the legend, with the team name and a mascot character named Cosmo.Sheahan family members consider themselves good neighbors and patriotic Americans, with generations of decorated military members, Manning and Joe Sheahan said. They don t tell what they ve seen.But Manning, 59, remembers the tales handed down during decades on the porch of a rustic home overlooking Groom Lake. We didn t have much more than a transistor radio and a deck of cards, and no indoor toilet,  she said.  Our grandparents told us the stories. For more than 70 years, since the U.S. government moved to that part of southern Nevada,  they have completely disregarded our constitutional rights,  Manning said.Read more: Conservative Focus",0
17110,STATE DEPT EMPLOYEE TAPPED TO OVERSEE HILLARY EMAIL SCANDAL Donated $2700 To Her Campaign Only 2 Months Ago,"You seriously can t make up this stuff State Dept's new 'email czar' to deal with Clinton records requests donated $2,700 to Clinton campaign just weeks ago pic.twitter.com/S2nxW1KgiK  Ted Bridis (@tbridis) September 8, 2015Via: Weasel Zippers",0
17111,DC CHIEF OF POLICE DENIES CONCEALED WEAPONS PERMITS…NO JAIL…Christian Clerk Refuses To Issue Same Sex Marriage Licenses…Guess Where She Ends Up,"This is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of America follows Kim Davis, the Democrat Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue same-sex marriage licenses because of religious objections, was ordered to jail for contempt of court last Thursday. She suggested a compromise of removing her name from the licenses, but Federal District Court Judge David Bunning wouldn t even grant that reasonable compromise.Contrast this with Cathy Lanier, chief of the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia, refusing to issue concealed weapons permits to people unless they can arbitrarily show a  good reason,  nothing required by law. A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction in May stopping her from denying the permits, although notably he did not send Lanier to jail for contempt.Similarly, county sheriffs in California had been denying concealed weapons permits to applicants who failed to show a need beyond self-defense. Last November, the Ninth Circuit ruled that the sheriffs were violating the law. None of those sheriffs were sent to jail, despite the fact that people around the country have died unable to obtain a permit to carry concealed.Or contrast it with the irony of San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ordering clerks to issue same-sex marriage licenses in 2004, contrary to state law. The California Attorney General sued him and the California Supreme Court ultimately put an end to the practice, but Newsom was never sent to jail.Newsom also violated federal law by making San Francisco a sanctuary city in 2007, contrary to existing federal law, but nothing happened to him. The city s sanctuary status resulted in the death of Kate Steinle in July, who was shot by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times and had seven felony convictions. This is a far more drastic result than a clerk who merely does not want her name on marriage licenses, yet nothing is being done to the current mayor of San Francisco, Ed Lee. In 2012, Tonya Parker, a lesbian judge in Texas said she would not issue marriage licenses to heterosexual couples until same-sex marriage was legalized. She wasn t put in jail for violating the law, nor does it appear she was even disciplined at all.Not everyone would have taken the position Davis did, some Christians might have resigned rather than deal with a huge battle. Others might not have had such strong objections, viewing matters of sexuality best left alone and without government interference. When I was an Assistant Attorney General for the State of Arizona, I represented agencies like the Arizona Commission on the Arts. Philosophically, I disagreed with its very existence. But I was able to separate my personal views from government laws to perform my job.The one thing all reasonable people can agree upon is that Davis was singled out and punished disproportionately compared to other public officials who didn t comply with controversial laws.This isn t about same-sex marriage, nor is it even about gay issues. It is merely one tactic in a larger goal to remove Christianity from the public sphere. There are reasonable compromises that could have been made between those Christians with conscientious objections and the LGBT community   plenty of gays consider themselves Christians   but the left is deliberately pushing for maximum conflict between the two groups in order to push one out of society.An Oregon judge announced on Friday that he will not perform same-sex marriages. Unlike the lesbian judge who said she would not perform heterosexual marriages, Judge Vance Day was immediately put under an ethics investigation by the Oregon Commission of Judicial Fitness and Disability, which plans to hold a hearing in November.This won t end with public employment. As the public sphere goes, so goes the private sphere. If companies balk, anti-discrimination laws can be used to force them to comply. The left intends to stamp religion out of society, until Christians are left secretly worshiping in their homes, hiding their status outside of the home. This is because the left fundamentally disagrees with Judeo-Christian ethics, which contradict its foundation of anything goes.Until conservatives wake up and start realizing the judicial branch, controlled by the left, has become the most lethal branch, the biggest threat of the three branches to our country and freedom, it will continue abusing the legal system to stamp out conservatism and religion from society. Via: Townhill",0
17112,OBAMA USES LABOR DAY TO HARM PRIVATE SECTOR WITH NEW EXECUTIVE ORDER Giving Government An Unfair Advantage With Workers,"Barack Obama, champion of the taxpayer funded government employee. Destroyer of the private sector President Barack Obama on Monday ordered government contractors to offer their workers seven days of paid sick leave a year and, without naming them, knocked Republican presidential candidates for advocating what he said were anti-union policies.Obama signed an executive order on sick leave, which the White House said would affect some 300,000 people, during a flight to Boston, where he spoke at a union event.Starting in 2017, workers on government contracts will earn a minimum of one hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours worked. Contractors can offer more generous amounts at their discretion.Speaking to a friendly crowd without a tie or jacket, Obama said such policies were beneficial to employers and said more worker friendly measures, such as paid maternity leave, were needed. Right now, we are the only advanced nation on Earth that does not guarantee paid maternity leave,  he said. Now, for the men in the audience in particular, think about that. We wouldn t even go to work if we had to carry around somebody for nine months. The human race would evaporate,  he said, drawing laughter and applause from the crowd.Unions and organized labor are a key constituent for the Democratic Party, and their support will be critical in the 2016 presidential election.Obama, who joked that he was glad not to be on the ballot next year, made thinly veiled references to Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for anti-union remarks and policies. He did not name them by name. It s clear he stands with the big government union bosses while we stand with the people,  Walker, during a campaign stop in New Hampshire, said in response to the president.The executive order follows a series of measures by the White House to expand access to paid leave. In January, Obama issued a presidential memorandum directing the government to advance up to six weeks of paid sick leave for the birth or adoption of a child, or for other sick leave-eligible uses.Obama is also pressing Congress to pass legislation giving government employees six additional weeks of paid parental leave. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said he could not say what the cost of implementing the seven-day paid leave rule would be to contractors. We believe the cost of implementing this rule is offset by the efficiencies that come with reduced attrition, increased loyalty, all of those things that have been documented in a number of studies of state laws that have been enacted,  Perez told reporters on a conference call on Sunday.Obama also used the trip to Boston to renew his call for Congress to pass the Healthy Families Act, which would require all businesses with 15 or more employees to offer up to seven paid sick days each year.According to the White House, an estimated 44 million private-sector workers, about 40 percent of the total private-sector workforce, do not have access to paid sick leave. Via: Reuters",0
17113,WATCH OUT! PUTIN FILLS THE LEADERSHIP VACUUM LEFT BY OBAMA IN THE MIDDLE EAST,"Watch out America! Our President isn t looking out for America s best interests. Leaving a leadership vacuum in the middle east has allowed Putin to swoop in and fill it. President Obama has created an intentional leadership vacuum in the middle east.Intentional by design.The two most stable forces within the region, Egypt and Jordan, have been ignored by President Obama for several years. President Obama willingly allowing Turkey s Recep Erdogan free reign on what takes place inside Syria, while Erdogan simultaneously provides a safe-haven for the Muslim Brotherhood. The current events are not disconnected from this empirical truth.WASHINGTON   Russia has sent a military advance team to Syria and is taking other steps the United States fears may signal that President Vladimir V. Putin is planning to vastly expand his military support for President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, administration officials said Friday.The Russian moves, including the recent transport of prefabricated housing units for hundreds of people to a Syrian airfield and the delivery of a portable air traffic control station there, are another complicating factor in Secretary of State John Kerry s repeated efforts to enlist Mr. Putin s support for a diplomatic solution to the bloody conflict in Syria.The Russians have also filed military overflight requests with neighboring countries through September.American officials acknowledge that they are not certain of Russia s intentions, but some say the temporary housing suggests that Russia could deploy as many as 1,000 advisers or other military personnel to the airfield near the Assad family s ancestral home. The airfield serves Latakia, Syria s principal port city.American intelligence analysts are also looking at ship loadings in Russia to determine what might be bound for Syria, and one official speculated that the Russian deployment might eventually grow to 2,000 to 3,000 personnel. There are some worrisome movements   logistical, preparatory types of things,  said an administration official, who added that there was no confirmation that large numbers of Russian soldiers, aircraft or heavy weapons had yet arrived. Officials asked for anonymity because they were discussing classified intelligence reports.Syria is one of Russia s major arms clients, and is also host to a Russian naval base at the port city Tartus. But the new concerns from intelligence analysts, as well as news and social media reports in the Middle East, led to warnings this week from the State Department and White House about Mr. Putin s intentions. We have regularly and repeatedly expressed our concern about Russian military support for the Assad regime,  said John Kirby, the State Department spokesman.  But we re also watching their actions very carefully. If these reports are borne out, it would represent a very serious shift in the trajectory of the Syria conflict and call into question any Russian commitment to a peaceful settlement. Mr. Kerry flew to Sochi, Russia, in May to meet with Mr. Putin to explore whether the two sides could cooperate on Syria. In August, Mr. Kerry followed up with an unusual three-way meeting in Qatar on the Syria crisis with Sergey V. Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, and their Saudi counterpart, Adel al-Jubeir.Stepped-up Russian military support for the Syrian government could pose a problem for the United States in several ways. If Mr. Putin s intention is to support not just the Syrian government but also Mr. Assad, that could undercut Mr. Kerry s contention that the Syrian president needs to leave power as part of any political solution to the conflict.And if Russian pilots carried out airstrikes, administration officials say, the choice of targets might further aggravate the growing chaos. Russian strikes on Islamic State militants could interfere with, or at least complicate, the air operations that the United States-led coalition is already conducting in Syria against the group. But if Russia targets rebel groups that are opposed to Mr. Assad, they might be striking some of the moderate Syrian fighters who have been trained by the C.I.A. and the Pentagon.Another possibility is that Russia is taking these steps to secure its own interests in the event that the Assad government collapses, reaches a power-sharing agreement with the opposition or is replaced. By expanding its military influence in Syria, Russia might be in a stronger position to shape the political outcome as the Assad government s military position weakens by encouraging it to share power with opposition members Moscow supports.READ MORE: NYTVIA: CONSERVATIVE TREEHOUSE",0
17114,WHY DID THE UN HAVE A PRO-GUN CONTROL MEETING AT SPA IN MEXICO And Why Weren’t Dissenters Allowed?,"Government officials using other people s money to enjoy a swanky seaside vacation in Mexico while discussing how to take away our right to bear arms Sounds about right The first annual meeting of the nations that have ratified the 2014 Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) opened on Monday, August 24 at a spa in Canc n, Mexico. The treaty s been controversial in the U.S. from the moment negotiations on it began, and this meeting will surely stoke the suspicions of those who think the treaty s real aim is to crimp America s sovereignty and constitutional liberties.The meeting was originally supposed to be in Mexico City, but wouldn t you rather spend your off-hours by the pool?Of course, you may think it s weird, or sick, that all these nations pretend to believe that the best place to discuss the arms trade is at a seaside resort. After all, many of them spend all their time pleading poverty and demanding aid from the U.S. to implement the treaty.But frankly, they don t care how bad it looks. They ve got a great boondoggle going, and no one s going to spoil it for them.But everyone s going to Mexico not just because it s got great beaches. Mexico has been one of the leading campaigners for the ATT. It wants to use the treaty to promote gun control in the U.S.Mexico s theory is that, since any gun in the U.S. might at some point conceivably cross the U.S. border, all U.S. guns have to be controlled in the name of controlling the international arms trade. That s not going to happen at this meeting (or ever, if the U.S. retains its sanity).But Mexico, the other nations that agree with it, and  progressive  groups that campaigned for the treaty the blame-America-first activists, in other words are in this game for the long haul. So it s not a good sign that Mexico s been given the job of hosting the first treaty meeting.It s even less good that Mexico s spent much of the past year colluding with the activists to keep skeptics (like myself) out of the room. Their view was that only true believers who campaigned for the treaty should be allowed to see what s going on.You might wonder what they re afraid of. We skeptics make no secret of our views, but we re a well-mannered bunch: no spitballs. However, if we were always in the room, we d report on exactly how closely the activists are working with Mexico and other likeminded nations.The activists led by the global Control Arms Coalition, which has a massive presence at Canc n are the only insiders in the treaty process, and they want to keep it that way.The ATT was adopted through the U.N., which means it was drafted by the world s nations. That s bad, because there are lots of incapable and evil governments in the world. But it s better than the alternative, which was for the ATT to have been drafted solely by the activists.Now that the treaty exists, however, the activists want to take it over and direct it for their own purposes. What they want is to turn the ATT into an arms control and disarmament treaty.Keeping skeptics away is part of that campaign.So far, they ve not succeeded in keeping us out, or in taking over the treaty. But the ATT isn t simply a treaty that s over and done with. Like many treaties, it s a process that will go on and on, in meeting after meeting, year after year. And the activists have lots of people, lots of money, and lots of time.The U.S. s goal in Canc n should be to do whatever it can to prevent the activists from getting any footholds. That means ensuring a treaty secretariat that s strictly limited in its purposes, conference rules that don t privilege the activists, and reporting requirements that don t go beyond current U.S. practice or identify individual U.S. firearms owners.Via: Daily Signal",0
17115,WHY WE STAND WITH KIM DAVIS ON HER REFUSAL TO GIVE SAME-SEX MARRIAGE LICENSES,"Ben Shapiro makes the best case yet for why Americans should support Kim Davis who s in jail for refusing to give out same-sex marriage licenses:  Her arrest represents tyranny   not because there is no legal authority to arrest, or because freedom of religion trumps rule of law, but because selective use of legal authority is tyranny. As of Friday morning, Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis sits in jail for her refusal to hand out state licenses for same-sex marriages. She cited her First Amendment religious liberty in her defense. She was arrested after being held in contempt by a federal judge, District Judge David L. Bunning.Her arrest represents tyranny   not because there is no legal authority to arrest, or because freedom of religion trumps rule of law, but because selective use of legal authority is tyranny. And Kim Davis is right to risk jail in defiance of federal lawlessness. God bless her for that bravery.There are three issues to contemplate here. First, legally, does the government have the authority to jail Davis? Second, morally, does the government have the authority to put Davis in jail? Third, morally, should Davis have gone to jail rather than quitting?Legal Authority. The government has the legal authority to put Davis in jail. The First Amendment does not protect the employment of people who violate their job descriptions as a general rule; when it comes to government jobs, the First Amendment does not protect your ability to disobey the law. Of course, the government also had the authority to put Martin Luther King Jr. in jail for unlicensed protests. That didn t make the jailing or the underlying law being protested morally right.Moral Authority. The government may have legal authority to jail Davis, but it has no moral authority. This government has become an immoral force, a club wielded against people of certain political and religious perspectives. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy defied the Constitution of the United States to unilaterally impose his political will on the people of the United States, and he does not sit in jail; instead, the president of the United States shined rainbow lights on the White House to signify his celebration of such a Constitutional perversion. But Kim Davis, who refused to abide by that Constitutional perversion, sits in jail for defying Anthony Kennedy and Barack Obama.Kim Davis sits in jail, but not the president of the United States who has illegally suspended deportations and sanctions against Iran; a former IRS executive who deliberately targeted conservative nonprofit groups; mayors of major cities around the United States who actively defy federal immigration law; a former attorney general of the United States held in contempt by Congress; Washington D.C. clerks who buck court orders to hand out concealed carry permits; and the current leading Democratic Senate candidate in California, who as attorney general refused outright to defend a popularly-passed proposition in favor of traditional marriage, among others.If absence of law is anarchy, selective enforcement is tyranny. As John Adams wrote, civilization requires a  government of laws, and not of men.  Selective enforcement of the law   and in this case, selective enforcement of the law against those who stand with natural law   perverts law into a club to be wielded by the powerful against the powerless.Did Davis Act Immorally? Of course not. Davis  goal is to stand up against the injustice of the law itself. The fact that the government has transformed rule of law into rule of leftist Democrats means that Davis  decision to go to jail rather than quitting is actually heroic. She didn t need to object to handing out same-sex marriage certificates on religious grounds; she could have done so on purely Constitutional, rule of law grounds. Lawless orders should not be followed, and the Supreme Court s decision in Obergefell is lawless in the extreme. The Nuremberg Defense   the idea that superior orders must be followed   was rejected in the Nuremberg Principles:The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law, provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him.Read more: Breitbart",0
17116,BIG BROTHER? NYC DRIVING PROGRAM TRACKS DRIVERS," Big brother? Tracking drivers and their habits   doesn t that sound like an Orwellian idea? Big government just got more into your business It s a new city pilot program to track how you drive, when you drive, how fast your drive and how much gas you use. The Department of Transportation says it will help fix street problems. Others say its like Big Brother is watching you, CBS2 s Marcia Kramer reported Friday. It s a tiny black box about the size of a pack of gum that is installed right under the steering wheel. It will allow city officials under a program called  Drive Smart  to collect and access data about how you drive   if you drive like a maniac, or if you re Mr. or Mrs. Slow Poke.  It can tell the g-force of hard stopping or hard acceleration and a hard turn,  DOT senior project manager Alex Keating said.  So the driver, as well as the service provider, are able to look at speeds, hard-breaking events, time of day and basic GPS.  City officials say they ll use to information to make the streets safer, but drivers can also allow various DOT partners to use the information. Allstate, for example, will give you insurance discounts of 10-30 percent, and Metropia will get you home faster with less congested routes   all of it hooked up to smartphone apps. Security expert Manny Gomez said there are many reasons to just say no to this program. Like, for instance, the danger of hacking.  Anything is hackable as we ve already seen. Sony was hacked; the U.S. government was hacked, so clearly the City of New York could be hacked and ths information could easily become public,  Gomez said. Gomez questions whether the city could use the information against people. DOT officials said that will not happen.  All of the data is anonymous. We actually erase the data from our data base every 48 hours,  Keating said. New Yorkers seem split on the idea.  More control over the people   I wouldn t be down for that, definitely not,  Brian Bradford said.  Yeah, I d definitely do that. Thirty percent is 30 percent,  one woman said of the potential insurance discount.  Enough. Enough. Enough. There is the NSA, CIA, FBI   you have more information than you need,  taxi driver Nour Chad said. The Department of Transportation is looking for 400 volunteers to participate in the year-long program. You have to have a valid driver s license and drive in the city at least four days a week. In addition to an app to reduce car insurance rates, there are apps to tell you where to buy the cheapest gas, and how to drive safely.via: CBSlocal",0
17117,MILITARY LEADERS SPEAK UP: IRAN DEAL MAKES WAR MORE LIKELY,"John Kerry insinuated that war would be more likely if the Iran Deal wasn t done but military experts are saying the exact opposite. I would have to agree with those who really know what they re talking about military leaders and intelligence officials.The nuclear agreement with Iran will increase the likelihood of military conflict, according to a council of prominent retired military leaders and intelligence officials.The Jewish Institute for National Security Affair s (JINSA) Iran Strategy Council released a report Wednesday that contends that the United States will be in a  far worse position to prevent a nuclear Iran  after 10 to 15 years of the agreement regarding Tehran s nuclear capacity, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Implementing JCPOA will have significant strategic consequences for our interests and allies in the region,  retired Gen. James Conway and retired Air Force Gen. Chuck Wald, who together chair the council, said in a statement.According to the report,  the agreement increases both the probability and danger of hostilities with Iran. The report also suggests that the deal will allow Iran to grow more militarily capable over the next decade as the United States sees an erosion of its own forces. The United States is in a far better position to prevent a nuclear Iran today, even by military means if necessary, than when the JCPOA sunsets,  the authors say.  The strategic environment will grow much more treacherous in the next 15 years. Comparatively, Iran will be economically stronger, regionally more powerful and militarily more capable, while the United States will have a smaller, less capable fighting force, diminished credibility and fewer allies.  On a conference call with reporters Wednesday, Conway warned that the nuclear deal will  unleash  Iran in ways that we have not yet witnessed. The billions Iran will receive in sanctions relief, he said, would allow the country to bolster its military and conduct  nefarious activity. Indeed, the report argues that the deal will provide Iran with  the means to increase support for terrorist and insurgent proxies, aggravate sectarian conflict and trigger both nuclear and conventional proliferation cascades  in the Middle East.Conway suggested that the finalized deal would do nothing to discourage Iran from funding terrorism or prevent Iranians from dispersing anti-American rhetoric. A few days after they sign the deal, they re still chanting  Death to America,  the retired general said.Via: WFB",0
17118,WOW! DONALD TRUMP HAMMERS OBAMA ON HIS “Terrible Deal With Iran” WITH THIS BRILLIANT AD [Video],"BRAVO and spot on!Click on picture below to watch :A terrible deal with Iran!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Sep 2, 2015 at 11:11am PDT",0
17119,UNREAL! RETIRING SENATOR IS 34TH VOTE TO CLINCH OBAMA WIN ON IRAN DEAL,"Obama s minions in the Democrat party never disappoint in their efforts to support this president on just about anything. Mikulski is retiring so what does she care? Sad day for America CALL HER Office Office of Senator Barbara Mikulski 503 Hart Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 (202) 228-1122Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland became the crucial 34th vote Wednesday, declaring the agreement was the best way to curb Iran s nuclear ambitions.In a statement, Mikulski said she had studied the deal carefully, and had concluded it was the best way forward. I ve considered the alternatives very closely. But in the end, they don t present a more viable option to this deal,  she wrote.  No deal is perfect, especially one negotiated with the Iranian regime. I have concluded that this Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is the best option available to block Iran from having a nuclear bomb. For these reasons, I will vote in favor of this deal. She also called on Congress to affirm its  commitment to the safety and security of Israel. Mikulski, 78, has been lauded by the Jewish community as a staunch supporter of Israel during her Senate career, the longest for a female in US history.Congress is to vote later this month on a resolution disapproving the deal, which is unanimously opposed by Republicans, who call it a dangerous giveaway to Iran.The backing from Mikulski, who is retiring next year, gives supporters the margin they need to uphold an Obama veto of a congressional resolution of disapproval if Republicans pass such a measure later this month.And it spells failure for opponents of the international agreement who sought to foil it by turning Congress against it. Leading that effort were Israel and its allies in the US, who failed to get traction after spending millions of dollars trying.Read more: Times of Israel ",0
17120,WATCH JOHN KERRY’S FEAR MONGERING ON IRAN DEAL SUPPORT: “Profound and damaging implications” if denied by Congress,If denied by Congress it would have  profound implications  for us It would be  extraordinarily damaging . Is Kerry trying to say that if not for this deal with Iran we would be attacked by Iran? ,0
17121,BREAKING DISCOVERY: CLINTON FOUNDATION SHARED EMAIL SERVER LOCATION WITH HILLARY’S SECRET SERVER,"The news gets worse every day for the Clinton Crime Syndicate Breitbart News Exclusive: Hillary Clinton s private email server was housed at the same physical location and on the same network as an email server used and operated by the Clinton Foundation, Breitbart News has exclusively learned.Records reveal that Hillary Clinton s private clintonemail.com server shared an IP address with her husband Bill Clinton s email server, presidentclinton.com, and both servers were housed in New York City, not in the basement of the Clintons  Chappaqua, New York home.Web archives show that the Presidentclinton.com Web address was being operated by the Clinton Foundation as of 2009, when Hillary Clinton registered her own clintonemail.com server.Numerous Clinton Foundation employees used the presidentclinton.com server for their own email addresses, which means that they were using email accounts that, if hacked, would have given any hacker complete access to Hillary Clinton s State Department emails, as well.The bombshell revelation raises new concerns about the possible illegality of Hillary Clinton s private email use. The former Secretary of State is under federal investigation for potentially violating the Espionage Act by allowing people without a security clearance to access classified information. The fact that Hillary was sharing an email network with a private foundation means that people without a security clearance almost certainly had physical access to her server while she was working at the State Department.Here s what we know:The Servers Have The SAME IP AddressHillary s clintonemail.com server and the Foundation-run presidentclinton.com email server have exactly the same IP address, and the same SSL certificate (which an organization purchases for an email server to verify its trustworthiness).mail.clintonemail.com and mail.presidentclinton.com both have an IP address of 64.94.172.146, according to an SSL Certificate Checker.The two servers both have that same IP address, 64.94.172.146, according to DNS records. (Here are records for Hillary s server, and here are records for Bill s server).Both servers have the same IP address, according to another independent Internet records database, robtex.net.The fact that both of these email servers have the same IP address means that they were operating on the same network, and sharing physical space. A computer expert tells Breitbart News that the servers were probably operating on the same machine. It is also possible that they were operating on different machines on the same network, which still means that the machines would have to be close enough to exist in the same physical location.President Clinton s server was created in 2002, while Hillary s was created in 2009, which means that Hillary s server was simply added to Bill s Foundation-run server network.They Had The SAME IP Address When She Was Secretary of StateHillary s server and Bill s Foundation-run server also shared a different IP address during her tenure as Secretary of State.From September 8, 2009 until June 24, 2011, Bill Clinton s Foundation-run mail.presidentclinton.com server had an IP address of 24.187.234.187, according to DNS records.Hillary s mail.clintonemail.com server had the same exact IP address, 24.187.234.187, from the dates May 21, 2010 until October 21, 2010, according to DNS records.Their Shared IP Address Can Be Traced to Midtown ManhattanA geographical search for the IP address that both servers shared at registration traces to Midtown Manhattan, according to three different databases: infosniper.net, which locates a Midtown latitude/longitude point, ip-tracker.org, which also gives a Midtown latitude/longitude point, and whatsmyip.org.Clinton Foundation headquarters are currently located at 1271 6th Avenue in Midtown. Bill Clinton s office is at 55 West 125th StreetThe Denver-based firm Platte River Networks told Breitbart News that it physically moved Hillary Clinton s private email server out of the basement of her Chappaqua home in 2013. But the Clintons could have moved the server from Manhattan to Chappaqua before Platte River got there.Clinton Founation Employees Had presidentclinton.com email addressesThe employees who have used presidentclinton.com email addresses included former Bill Clinton right-hand man Doug Band, as well as Justin Cooper, a Hillary aide who has worked with the Foundation, Terry Krinvic, Laura Graham, and John Zimmerebner.Was Chelsea Clinton On The Server?The email server for mail.chelseaoffice.com, which is no longer active, resolves to clintonemail.com, according to DNS records. Wikileaks confirms that the chelseaoffice.com server was used by Chelsea Clinton employees.Hillary Even Admitted That She Used Her Husband s  System Well the system we used was set up for President Clintons office and it had numerous safeguards it was on property guarded by the Secret Service and there were no security breaches, so I think that the use of that server which started with my husband proved to be effective and secure,  Hillary Clinton said in a March 2015 press conference.Clinton has not returned to that talking point since.The Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton s campaign did not return requests for comment by press time. Via: Breitbart News",0
17122,BREAKING: TSA AGENT SEXUALLY MOLESTS STUDENT AT LAGUARDIA AIRPORT,"This is so scary for anyone out there but especially for parents who fly their kids to different places alone. This TSA agent took advantage of this young girl who was probably scared to death. Horrible!A college student was sexually molested at LaGuardia Airport by a uniformed TSA agent who demanded she go into a bathroom with him after she got off a flight so she could be searched, sources told The Post.The 22-year-old victim, who is Korean, had gotten off the plane from Salt Lake City around 8 p.m. Tuesday when the agent approached her on the third floor of Terminal B. He  lured  her into the bathroom by demanding she be searched and then molested her, the sources said. The woman filed a complaint with cops, and witnesses at a money exchange booth were able to help identify the sex fiend. The alleged assailant   a 5-foot-9, heavyset man wearing a TSA uniform   has been arrested and charged with sexual abuse, the sources said. The student picked the suspect out of a photo lineup. His identity was not immediately released. A spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration was not immediately able to provide any information about the arrest.VIA: NYP",0
17123,(VIDEO) PRICELESS! DETROIT SINKHOLE TURNED INTO SOMETHING TOTALLY OUTSIDE THE BOX,The sinkhole never got repaired so the people in this Detroit neighborhood decides to make lemonade out of lemons. Only in Detroit! ,0
17124,WATTERS’ WORLD VIDEO Asks Bernie Sanders Supporters: What Is “Democratic Socialism?”, The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings. The inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.  -Winston Churchill ,0
17125,GAY MAFIA STRIKES AGAIN: Denver City Council Goes After Chick-Fil-A,"Chick-fil-A is in the news again and it s more of the same push for political correctness and the  rights  of the left to not be offended by just about everything. The LGBT crowd seems to be offended by everything under the sun and Chick-fil-A s views against gay marriage are especially upsetting to this  special  group.The fast food chain s reputation as a supporter of traditional marriage has drawn another series of boycott threats, this time from the Denver city council. The council is currently debating whether or not to sign a contract with the restaurant for a spot at Denver International Airport.From the Denver Post:Councilman Paul Lopez called opposition to the chain at DIA  really, truly a moral issue on the city. His position comes despite ardent assurances from the concessionaires   who have operated other DIA restaurants   that strict nondiscrimination policies will include protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity.Robin Kniech, the council s first openly gay member, said she was most worried about a local franchise generating  corporate profits used to fund and fuel discrimination.  She was first to raise Chick-fil-A leaders  politics during a Tuesday committee hearing.The normally routine process of approving an airport concession deal has taken a rare political turn. The Business Development Committee on Tuesday stalled the seven-year deal with a new franchisee of the popular chain for two weeks.Should the committee reject the lease, an individual member   if one is willing   could introduce the concession deal in the full council. Ten of the 13 members attended Tuesday s meeting, and none rose to defend Chick-fil-A, although some didn t weigh in. We can do better than this brand in Denver at our airport, in my estimation,  new member Jolon Clark said.",0
17126,FLASHBACK: UNCOVERED VIDEO SHOWS HYPOCRITE HARRY REID TELLING CONGRESS “No Sane Country Would Have Birthright Citizenship”,"In 1993 Harry Reid wrote the Immigration Stabilization Act of 1993, a bill that would have denied birthright citizenship to children born in the United States to illegal alien parents. Today the leftist lackey is onboard with the Democrats amnesty for votes plan. The hell with America the Democrats goal is socialism, and the only way to make that happen is to eliminate the voice of any sane member of the GOP who would oppose more government control ",0
17127,OBAMA REGIME GRANTS EARLY RELEASE TO TERRORIST WHO KILLED US MEDIC [Video],"This is a shocking story that shines a bright light on Obama and his regime s willingness to give terrorists who kill Americans special treatment Sgt. 1st class Christopher Speer was killed by a grenade tossed by 15-year-old Omar Khadr in 2002.Khadr was sentenced to 40 years, but because we have a traitorous administration running the country, the radical jihadist was released after only serving eight.Omar Khadr is now free.From John S. Roberts at Young Cons:A terrorist is now free after serving only eight years of a 40-year sentence for killing a U.S. Delta Force medic in Afghanistan in 2002, thanks to a deal the Obama administration made with Canadian authorities.Sgt. Lane Morris, who served alongside Speer and who lost an eye in the attack, told Fox News host Greta Van Susteren that the terrorist s release  all started with the Obama administration  in a deal made  behind the prosecutor s back. Khadr served  one [year] in Guantanamo, and one in Canada,  he added.Khadr and six of his companions  wanted to go out in a blaze of glory,  Morris said, and started lobbing grenades at the Americans. In addition to Speer, the terrorists also killed two Afghan interpreters.The Times reported:The Canadian government asserted that the terms of Khadr s release from Guantanamo Bay detention facility barred the court from granting him bail, that he is a risk to the public and that doing so could be diplomatically damaging, NPR reported.Terrorism expert Max Abrahms of Northeastern University told Fox that officials should not be surprised if Khadr ultimately turns towards terrorism again.Eight years for killing a Delta Force medic!His fellow platoon-mate reacted on Greta:The way the Obama White House treats our military men and women is beyond reprehensible.Khadr deserves to serve life, and whoever sentenced him to 40 years in the first place was out of their mind.What do they think Khadr will become now that he s a free man? Will he join back up with his radical buddies, or will he transform into a stay at home father who shuttles his kid to soccer practice?This is wrong, and the GOP candidate who wins in 2016 needs to make sure our service members are treated with the utmost respect.What this says to the world   more importantly, to Americans   is that sensitivity towards Islam is valued above the lives of those who serve our country.Again, Obama makes us look weak to our enemies.Via: Washington Times",0
17128,COLLECTING THE MONEY FOR THE WALL? MEXICO STARTS CHARGING AMERICANS A FEE TO ENTER,"Don t you just love the absolute boldness of the Mexican government in this move to charge people coming across their border in Tijuana? Unreal!Walking into Mexico at the nation s busiest border crossing with the United States is no longer an uninterrupted stroll for foreigners.Starting late Wednesday, pedestrians going to Tijuana from San Diego at the San Ysidro crossing must choose between a line for Mexicans who get waved through, and a line for foreigners who must show a passport, fill out a form and   if staying more than a week   pay 322 pesos, or roughly $20, for a six-month permit.About a dozen foreigners stood in line Wednesday night, directed by English-speaking agents to six inspection booths where they got passports stamped. It took about 10 minutes from start to finish.Travelers have long followed similar protocol at Mexican airports, but the new border procedure marks a big change at land crossings that weren t designed to question everyone. Pedestrians and motorists have generally entered Mexico unencumbered along the 1,954-mile border with the United States. This is about putting our house in order,  said Rodulfo Figueroa, Mexico s top immigration official in Baja California state, which includes Tijuana.",0
17129,ULTIMATE DISRESPECT: VA Sent Mail Related To Disability Claims From Vets To Shredder,"Our current government can t be bothered with resolving these heinous acts against our veterans who rely on our government for their health care. They ve got more pressing issues in our military that need to be addressed, like pushing a gay agenda in our military:The VA s Office of Inspector General said it launched an  unannounced inspection  of the Los Angeles office after hearing allegations that the VA staff there was shredding mail related to veterans  disability compensation claims. Though the OIG said it can t measure how often this might have happened, it did say it found some examples of mail lined up for the shredder that instead should have been opened and read. Although we cannot quantify or identify claims-related documents that the VARO may have shredded prior to our review, we found nine claims-related documents that VARO staff incorrectly placed in personal shred bins for non-claims related documents,  the OIG reported.  Eight of the nine documents had the potential to affect veterans  benefits and one had no effect on the veteran s benefits. The OIG said the placement of these letters in  shred bins  means that they were able to bypass the first level of control, which requires letters to be reviewed before they are shredded. Of the nine claims-related documents, five did not have required initials of both the employee and supervisor and the remaining four had only the employee s initials,  the report said.  If   staff and their supervisors followed VBA policy, these nine claims-related documents would not have been placed in personal shred bins that are designated for non-claims related documents. The report said if the OIG had not stepped in,  it is likely that.   staff would have inappropriately destroyed the nine claims-related documents we found. It added that a records management officer was supposed to be on staff in Los Angeles to prevent this from happening, but said there was no one in that position from August 2014 until February 2015. The original records officer was promoted, and the office s assistant director  determined that it was not necessary to fill the   position. Officials who tried to take over that role  lacked training regarding maintaining, reviewing, protecting and appropriately destroying veterans  and other governmental paper records,  the report said.The OIG said the Los Angeles office couldn t provide any documentation at all on what documents it had shredded over the past two years.The watchdog recommended that the Los Angeles office should  implement a plan and assess the effectiveness of training  when it comes to handling, processing and destroying these records. The arbitrary destruction of mail by officials at the Los Angeles VA is a stark reminder of the need for true reform of the Veterans Administration,  said Concerned Veterans for America CEO Pete Hegseth.  Rather than make sure each veteran s voice was heard, and each claim was handled professionally, VA officials instead effectively silenced those who fought for our freedom and security, casually sending their letters to the shredder. Here is the watchdog report:Vash RedVia: Washington Examiner",0
17130,MARK LEVIN: CONGRESS CAN END BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP WITHOUT AMENDING THE CONSTITUTION,THE GREAT QUESTION OF CITIZENSHIP  ,0
17131,INSANE: SECRET DEAL OBAMA MADE WITH “Death To America’s” IRAN INCLUDES Iran Monitoring Their Own Nuclear Sites,"Does anyone else find it strange the Obama would lobby so hard to make it easy for Iran to develop nuclear weapons they will likely use against us and our allies in the Middle East? Maybe he s not aware that we re dealing with a country who has an actual day set aside to celebrate their hate for America and Israel Iran s Quds Day: Death to America, Death to IsraelThe ritualistic rally cries of  Death to America  and  Death to Israel.   Quds Day has become a day in which Iran and protestors in other societies attack the legitimacy of the state of Israel ( The Little Satan ) and continue to threaten the United States ( The Big Satan ). Gatestone Institute An apparent draft of one of the secret side agreements to the Iran nuclear deal indicates that Tehran will be permitted to use its own experts to inspect the Parchin nuclear site believed to have housed nuclear arms development.The Associated Press obtained the document, which an anonymous official described as a draft of an agreement between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that does not differ much from the final version. The IAEA is the U.N. agency responsible for ensuring that Tehran abides by the stipulations in the finalized deal.The secret agreements between Iran and the IAEA of which there are at least two have to do with the inspection of Iran s Parchin military facility as well as the extent to which Tehran must admit to the details of its alleged nuclear weapons program.Despite repeated calls from lawmakers, President Obama has refused to provide Congress with the details of the secret deals.The AP reports:Any IAEA member country must give the agency some insight into its nuclear program. Some countries are required to do no more than give a yearly accounting of the nuclear material they possess. But nations like Iran suspected of possible proliferation are under greater scrutiny that can include stringent inspections.But the agreement diverges from normal inspection procedures between the IAEA and a member country by essentially ceding the agency s investigative authority to Iran. It allows Tehran to employ its own experts and equipment in the search for evidence for activities that it has consistently denied trying to develop nuclear weapons.The document suggests that IAEA officials will merely monitor Iranian experts as they inspect the Parchin site and provide the U.N. agency with photos and videos taken only of areas that Iran has not deemed off-limits because of military implications.Iranian technicians are also to perform the sampling of weapons development work, which is limited to seven samples inside the facility building.In the face of criticism, the Obama administration has denied that the nuclear deal is built on the trust of the Iranians.Multiple GOP lawmakers have sounded the alarm regarding the secret agreements between Tehran and the IAEA, accusing Obama of violating the law by denying Congress access to the details of the side deals.Before the final deal was reached in Vienna, Obama signed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which requires congressional lawmakers view all documents of the nuclear agreement specifically including those reached on the  side.  Via: WFBWatch Barack Hussein Obama compare the GOP to Iranian s chanting  death to America  over their opposition to his heinous deal: ",0
17132,TRANSGENDER HIRED BY WHITE HOUSE IS FIRST EVER TO WORK THERE BUT IS HE/SHE THE MOST QUALIFIED FOR THE JOB?,"Are we the mutation nation now? Is this person the most qualified for the job or does he/she just fit the agenda to diversify the White House?President Obama has made equality for the LGBT community a priority of his administration, and advocates praised the president for diversifying his White House. Raffi Freedman-Gurspan, who formerly served as a policy advisor at the National Center for Transgender Equality, has been hired as an outreach and recruitment director in the White House Office of Personnel. I am elated that Raffi Freedman-Gurspan will become the first openly transgender staff member at the White House. President Obama has long said he wants his Administration to look like the American people. I have understood this to include transgender Americans,  said Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality.  A transgender person was inevitably going to work in the White House. That the first transgender appointee is a transgender woman of color is itself significant. And that the first White House transgender appointee is of a friend is inspiring to me and to countless others who have been touched by Raffi s advocacy. ",0
17133,(VIDEO) NAVAJO NATION HAS A MESSAGE FOR SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN AS HE’S CHASED AWAY: “GET OFF OUR LAND!”,"Is anyone the least bit surprised that the Obama administration hasn t contacted the Navajo Tribal Leaders since the tragic spill of toxic water by the EPA? Here s a quote from the Navajo Nation President:  I keep saying when are we going to hear from the White House? Not a word,  Begaye said, according to Native News.  When somebody wins the Super Bowl or an NBA Championship, they get a call, right? And when something like this happens and people are suffering, nothing. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey Friday visited the Navajo Nation reservation s capital Window Rock to celebrate the Native Americans whose indecipherable language helped keep messages secret from enemies during World War II.The event though was met by a protest regarding the federal government s response to a toxic spill into rivers considered a lifeline for reservation and halted use of water for residential and agricultural use.According to Native News, McCain and Ducey met with Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye and Vice President Jonathan Nez to discuss the creation of a Navajo Code Talkers Museum.But the recent spill of millions of gallons of contaminated wastewater into the Animas and San Juan Rivers by a contractor doing work for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ended up being the focus for the tribal leaders. I keep saying when are we going to hear from the White House? Not a word,  Begaye said, according to Native News.  When somebody wins the Super Bowl or an NBA Championship, they get a call, right? And when something like this happens and people are suffering, nothing.  ",0
17134,BREAKING: NORTHWESTERN FOOTBALL PLAYERS SHOT DOWN IN BID TO TOTALLY RUIN COLLEGE FOOTBALL,"And the AFL-CIO is crying in their money pit wouldn t it be a great get to have college football players unionized? The players are students and not employees unless you want to bust this whole thing wide open and tell the truth about how players might be compensated. It s really pretty shocking that the NLRB decided to shoot this down since they re 3-2 Dem. The National Labor Relations Board rejected a bid by football players at Northwestern University to form a union. In an unanimous decision released Monday, the board said it lacked jurisdiction in the matter. By statute the board does not have jurisdiction over state-run colleges and universities,  it said. The board is the main federal labor law enforcement agency. Its members are nominated by the president and it currently has a 3-2 Democratic majority.The announcement reverses a March 2014 decision by a board regional director, who ruled that the players were employees of the university, not students. Therefore, they had the right to form a union.While that ruling applied only to Northwestern athletes, it had major implications for college athletics generally, being the first time a student-athlete group has been granted collective bargaining rights. Other groups could have cited it as a precedent if they tried to unionize.Via: Washington Examiner",0
17135,SECRET DUMPS OF TOXIC WASTE ON PRIVATE PROPERTY BY EPA: Will The Government Bullies At The EPA Finally Be Exposed?,"This story gets more and more unbelievable every day The EPA has a record of releasing toxic runoff from mines in two tiny Colorado towns that dates to 2005, a local mine owner claims.The 3-million-gallon heavy-metal spill two weeks ago in Silverton polluted three states and touched off national outrage. But the EPA escaped public wrath in 2005 when it secretly dumped up to 15,000 tons of poisonous waste into another mine 124 miles away. That dump   containing arsenic, lead and other materials   materialized in runoff in the town of Leadville, said Todd Hennis, who owns both mines along with numerous others. If a private company had done this, they would ve been fined out of existence,  Hennis said.  I have been battling the EPA for 10 years and they have done nothing but create pollution. About 20 percent (of Silverton residents) think it s on purpose so they can declare the whole area a Superfund site. Like Silverton to the south, Leadville was founded in the late 1800s as a mining town and is the only municipality in its county. Today, tourism is its livelihood.It s against this backdrop that the Environmental Protection Agency began lobbying to declare part of Leadville a Superfund site in order to develop a recreational area called the Mineral Belt Trail. The project was officially completed in 2000, but apparently the agency stayed on and continued to work in town.In late 2005, the EPA collected tons of sludge from two Leadville mines and secretly dumped it down the shaft of the New Mikado mine without notifying Hennis, its owner, according to documents reviewed by Watchdog.A drainage tunnel had been installed at the bottom of the mine shaft by the U.S. government in 1942, meaning that any snow or rain would leach toxins into the surrounding land.Hennis said the EPA claims it has installed a treatment pond near the tunnel to clean runoff. The EPA rebuffed his demands to clean up the mess it created in his mine, he said. In frustration, Hennis sent the county sheriff a certified notice that any EPA officials found near his property were trespassing and should be arrested.Despite that history of bitterness, in 2010, the EPA asked Hennis to grant its agents access to Gold King Mine in Silverton because the agency was investigating hazardous runoff from other mines in the region. I said,  No, I don t want you on my land out of fear that you will create additional pollution like you did in Leadville,  Hennis said. The official request turned into a threat, Hennis said:  They said,  If you don t give us access within four days, we will fine you $35,000 a day. An EPA administrative order dated May 12, 2011 said its inspectors wanted to conduct  drilling of holes and installing monitoring wells, sampling and monitoring water, soil, and mine waste material from mine water rock dumps as necessary to evaluate releases of hazardous substances When the EPA hit Hennis with $300,000 in fines, he said, he  waved the white flag  and allowed the agency on his property.So for the past four years, the EPA has been working at the mine and two others nearby   all which border a creek that funnels into the Animas River. One mine to the north had been walled off with cement by its owner but it continued to leak water into Gold King. The EPA installed a drainage ditch on the Gold King side of the mine to alleviate the problem, but then accidentally filled the ditch with dirt and rocks last summer while building a water-retention wall.That was the wall that burst when a contractor punched a hole in the top on Aug. 5, sending a bright orange stream cascading down. The EPA looked like the Keystone Kops as anger intensified in the media and general public: 24 hours passed with no notification to the lower states or Navajo Nation; the White House ignored mentioning the incident; and it took a week for the EPA administrator to tour Durango downstream, while refusing to visit Silverton itself.The EPA says cleaning ponds have been installed to leach toxins from the water, and claims that anything released now is actually cleaner than before the spill occurred. The fallout from this disaster in the lower states is still unknown.Also unknown is the fate of Silverton itself. For months, the EPA has been pushing town leaders into allowing designation as a Superfund site out of belief that the whole town is contaminated. This is something the town has resisted, as its reputation is at stake and no current tests have shown any evidence of toxic soil levels. Whenever we hear the word  EPA,  we think of Superfund,  said Silverton Town Board Trustee David Zanoni.  They say,  We want to work together.  That s B.S. They want to come in and take over. The water up here is naturally filled with minerals. They don t need to be here cleaning up. If the EPA s litany of mistakes at Gold King mine is a barometer, Zanoni said, handing over the reins of Silverton would be a disaster. They had no contingency plan in case all of this went to hell,  he said.The EPA could not be reached for comment.Via: Watchdog.org",0
17136,WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED TO THE 2006 SECURE BORDER FENCE ACT?,"Remember the promise of a fence on our southern border? Yes, it was the plan but the $1.2 billion dollar plan was never executed as proposed. You can thank Obama and a popular Republican for that WE RECENTLY POSTED THIS VIDEO OF AN IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL SAYING BUILDING A BORDER FENCE  ISN T POSSIBLE  EVEN THOUGH $1.2 BILLION WAS GIVEN IN 2006 FOR A FENCE:  In his speech in El Paso on immigration reform on May 10, 2011, Obama declared that the fence along the border with Mexico is  now basically complete.  Like much of what comes out of the Obama administration, that was a lie. What was supposed to be built was a double layered fence with barbed-wire on top, and room for a security vehicle to patrol between the layers. Except for 36 of the seven-hundred mile fence, what was built looks like the picture above or the one below.OBAMA CLAIMED: We have gone above and beyond what was requested by the very Republicans who said they supported broader reform as long as we got serious about enforcement,  Obama said.  All the stuff they asked for, we ve done. But even though we ve answered these concerns, I ve got to say I suspect there are still going to be some who are trying to move the goal posts on us one more time. Maybe he s right the goal posts were moved, but to make the job easier.THE  SECURE FENCE ACT The Secure Fence Act was introduced on Sept. 13, 2006 by Rep Peter King (R-NY) and passed Congress on a bi-partisan basis. In the House of Representatives, the Fence Act passed 283 -138 on September 14, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Fence Act passed in the Senate 80 -19. The Secure Fence Act of 2006 s goal was to help secure America s borders to decrease illegal entry, drug trafficking, and security threats by building 700 miles (1,100 km) of physical barriers along the Mexico-United States border. Additionally, the law authorized more vehicle barriers, checkpoints, and lighting as well as authorizing the Department of Homeland Security to increase the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, and unmanned aerial vehicles to reinforce infrastructure at the border. So far less than 40 miles of a real fence have been built   most of it during the Bush Administration.Of the almost 700 miles of fencing, DHS reports there are currently 36.3 miles of double-layered fencing, as the bill required, the kind with enough gap that you can drive a vehicle between the layers. But the majority of the fencing erected has been made from vehicle barriers with single-layer pedestrian fencing, the kind of barriers that are designed to stop vehicles rather than people. The design specifications vary, depending on geography and climate characteristics, but according to the Customs and Border Patrol website, those include  post on rail  steel set in concrete; steel picket-style fence set in concrete; vehicle bollards similar to those found around federal buildings;  Normandy; vehicle fence consisting of steel beams; and concrete jersey walls with steel mesh.PROMINENT REPUBLICAN FROM TEXAS:The first blow against the promised fence was made by Kay Bailey Hutchison, Republican Senator from Texas, at the urging of DHS she proposed an amendment to give the Department discretion to decide what type of fence was appropriate in different areas. The law was amended to read,  Nothing in this paragraph shall require the Secretary of Homeland Security to install fencing, physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain operational control over the international border at such location.  Hutchison s amendment was included in a federal budget bill in late 2007 despite the fact that Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., had a cow he argued the amendment effectively killed the border fence promised in the 2006 bill, he was right. Hutchison s intentions may have been honorable, but she didn t foresee Barack Obama being the next president.When Janet Napolitano became Obama s first DHS she took advantage of Ms. Hutchison s 2007 amendment, instead of building a fence which look something like the below, she built a fence that was mostly a combination of the two pictures above.When She was still Governor of Arizona Janet Napolitano said,  You show me a 50-foot wall, and I ll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. And she may be right The fence will never STOP all illegal crossings. The purpose of the fence is two-fold, slowing the intruders and making them visible to members of the border patrol. The rest of the work is done by human beings.Very little of the Israeli separation barrier erected to keep out terrorists is a wall, most of the 400 miles of the barrier which has received so much international scorn is a two layered fence like section of their barrier below. The fence has served its purpose, in 2002, the year before construction started, 457 Israelis were murdered; in 2009, 8 Israelis were killed.The reason it has been effective is not simply the fence itself but how the fence is guarded and patrolled. And that s what will make our fence along the Mexican border work.Here s the bottom line. Back in 2006 the people of the U.S. were promised a border fence. Since then thanks to Kay Bailey Hutchison and Barack Obama 95% of the fence wasn t built. The arguments against the fence are bogus especially if you look at Israel s history. It s time for America to demand that its leaders build the fence they promised. No one can honestly say it wont work, after all it hasn t been tried. Via: The Lid",0
17137,(VIDEO) MINE OWNER HAMMERS EPA ON TOXIC SPILL AND MAKES A DIRE PREDICTION,"Gold King Mine Owner Todd Hennis says he warned the EPA for years about the mine mess, but they ignored him. ",0
17138,TWO SENATORS SAY NO TO MOVING MUSLIM TERRORISTS FROM GUANTANAMO BAY TO THEIR STATES,"Yeah because everyone wants these guys living in their hometown Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Pat Roberts of Kansas are up in arms about reports that the Pentagon is scouting sites in their home states to house terrorist prisoners currently detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. We have received reports of President Obama s attempt to shut down Guantanamo Bay, which once again reflects another egregious overstep by this administration,  Roberts said in a statement on Friday, referring to the law preventing transferring any of the inmates to a U.S. prison. Congress has consistently stopped Obama by law from moving a single detainee to the U.S.,  Roberts said in reaction to reports that Kansas s Fort Leavenworth is being considered as the terrorist suspects  new home. I shut down this administration s nominee for secretary of the Army in 2009 to prevent moving any detainees to Kansas and will do it again if necessary,  he said.  Not on my watch will any terrorist be placed in Kansas. Graham was equally emphatic upon learning that Defense Secretary Ash Carter is also considering Charleston for the new high-risk installation. If the detainees need to be moved, they must be moved to a maximum security location in a remote area far from heavily populated areas with vital infrastructure,  Graham told the Washington Post earlier this week.  Charleston does not meet that criteria. The Pentagon on Thursday confirmed to lawmakers that it is studying both Forth Leavenworth and the Consolidated Naval Brig in Charleston as potential sites. These visits will also help refine our baseline standard for what a facility should look like to inform potential selection of other locations to evaluate in the future,  the Defense Department notification read.Transferring the remaining 116 detainees to the U.S. is being considered as an option for closing Guantanamo Bay. Moving the prisoners to other countries requires congressional notification and unanimous sign off by the departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Justice and State, along with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.Earlier this week the Pentagon said it would present Congress with a plan to shutter Guantanamo Bay when they return to Washington after Labor Day. Via: Washington Examiner",0
17139,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDERS: ILLEGAL ALIEN DEPORTED 14 TIMES Arrested On Meth Charges,"He was just looking to the jobs most Americans won t do The transformation of America continues.An illegal immigrant who prosecutors said has been deported from the U.S. more than a dozen times was arraigned in Yellowstone County District Court Thursday on drug charges.Alejandro Gonzales Marquez, 37, denied Thursday the charge of felony criminal possession with intent to distribute.Deputy Chief County Attorney Juli Pierce said Marquez had already been deported 14 times when Montana Highway Patrol troopers arrested him on a Billings highway in July.Marquez does not speak or understand any English and had to be assisted in court by a translator.According to court records, Marquez was the passenger in a vehicle on Interstate 90 when an MHP trooper pulled the vehicle over for obstructed plates.The trooper reported smelling a strong odor of alcohol coming from the vehicle and asked the driver to perform a field sobriety test.In the vehicle, the trooper allegedly found more than one pound of methamphetamine along with a loaded 9 mm semi-automatic pistol.Both men were found to be in the country illegally and were arrested.Marquez is held at the Yellowstone County jail on a $10,000 bond.KRTV.com | Great Falls, MontanaThe co-defendant, Ignacio Figueroa Rodriguez, is charged with driving under the influence, possession of dangerous drugs and being an illegal alien, in addition to a felony charge of possession of drugs with intent to distribute.Via: KRTV",0
17140,WOW! THIS LETTER FROM JULY 30TH PREDICTS OBAMA’S TOXIC SPILL INTO RIVER BY EPA TO SECURE SUPERFUND MONEY,"Obama s war against America on every possible front Last Wednesday, a small EPA-supervised work crew inspecting the Gold King mine accidentally knocked a hole in a waste pit, releasing at least three million gallons of acidic liquid laden with toxic heavy metals. (ABC)This letter to editor, posted below, and written by Dave Taylor, from Farmington, New Mexico, was published in The Silverton Standard and The Miner local newspaper, authored by a retired geologist, one week before EPA mine spill. The letter detailed verbatim, how EPA officials would foul up the Animas River on purpose in order to secure superfund money. If the Gold King mine was declared a superfund site it would essentially kill future development for the mining industry in the area. The Obama EPA is vehemently opposed to mining and development.The EPA pushed for nearly 25 years, to apply its Superfund program to the Gold King mine. If a leak occurred the EPA would then receive superfund status. That is exactly what happened.The EPA today admitted they misjudged the pressure in the gold mine before the spill   just as this editorial predicted.The letter was included in their print edition on July 30, 2015. The spill occurred one week later. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17141,FOLLOW THE MONEY: MEXICAN GIVEAWAY OF MILLIONS OF FLAT SCREEN TV’S TO THE POOR RAISES QUESTIONS,"Follow the money on this one Mexico is spending over $1.6 billion dollars on flat screens for millions at a cost of $145.00 instead of just $40.00 for a decoder box. I m sure if you dig deep enough you ll find some sort of Carlos Slim corruption. He s the Mexican billionaire who made tons of money on the  Obamaphone  he provided for America. Nice, huh? We ll be checking into this one just to see if there s any connection to American corruption. It just doesn t pass the smell test MEXICO CITY   Cradling a flat-screen television set in her arms, Tomasa Lopez beamed at her good fortune: She d just taken part in the world s biggest distribution of free digital televisions.Lopez, a domestic servant, was among thousands of people who ve thronged a cavernous tent in the populous working-class Iztapalapa district, one of hundreds of venues across Mexico where the poor are receiving some of the 10 million digital television sets the government is giving away at no charge.It s a program costing the Mexican treasury $1.6 billion in a push to convert the nation from analog television signals to a digital format. The United States made the switch in 2009. I am happy,  Lopez said.  We ve always wanted a digital television. We ll see more channels. The kids will see cartoons. Other nations, such as Argentina, have given away digital television sets, but none on the scale of Mexico, and the program has proved controversial. Critics question why the government of President Enrique Pena Nieto is giving away 24-inch flat-screen televisions, each costing around $145, when decoder boxes that allow older analog televisions to remain in use   the U.S. solution   cost only about $40.It s not just the recipients of TVs who benefit. Television manufacturers clustered along Mexico s northern border also profit, as do the two powerful media conglomerates that are moving quickly into digital services. The two companies will soon face competition from a third television network mandated into existence in 2013 with a constitutional reform to bring greater competition to the industry.At the entrance to the delivery tent, a recipient of a television set, Jose Luis Rodriguez, reproached a government official for suggesting the sets were free. Stop using that word. It s paid for with our taxes. It s not free,  sputtered Rodriguez, who works for the federal social security institute.Already, the government has given away 4.6 million televisions in a massive operation that requires fleets of trucks to deliver the sets, and masses of workers to check documents, take fingerprints and scan the bar codes of the sets to ensure that each family gets only one.Recipients are all low-income Mexicans who take part in one of several government social service programs, including Prospera, which is the national crusade against hunger, and Liconsa, a subsidized milk program.A sense of urgency pervades the program. The constitutional reform enacted in 2013 gives the government a deadline of Dec. 31 to convert the nation to digital television. In recent weeks, government teams have been handing out 30,000 to 40,000 sets a day, but will have to double that figure to meet the deadline.Administrators for the program say it will have many benefits, among them raising the number of people with access to the Internet and cutting electricity usage. An analog television consumes 320 to 340 watts, and if you add a decoder then it s another nine watts,  said Javier Lizarraga Galindo, an adviser behind the program at the Communications and Transport Secretariat.  An energy efficient digital TV like the ones we are giving out in Mexico consumes less than 40 watts. Gabriel Sosa Plata, a professor at the Autonomous Metropolitan University and frequent commentator on television issues, said he thinks energy consumption might actually go up. Although analog signals are supposed to end on Dec. 31, he thinks many people will buy decoder boxes and move the old sets into their children s rooms. Instead of having just one television, they will have two, and that means more electricity consumption,  Sosa Plata said.Skeptics also question whether the TVs really will make the Internet more accessible. The digital TVs offered by the state have USB and HDMI ports, but hooking them to the Internet would require additional hardware and, for now, a contract with a provider, though the government has pledged eventually to offer free wireless service.Mexico already provides free Wi-Fi at or near public parks, squares and government buildings in most of the nation s 2,400 municipalities and under the telecom reform is required to expand it to as many as 250,000 sites by 2018. Still only about 50 percent of Mexico s 120 million citizens regularly access the Internet.Criticism of the program also has centered on the bidding for the purchase of the television sets. Mexico is the world s largest assembler of TVs, producing between 35 and 40 million a year. Seven different companies with plants in Mexico, mostly along the U.S. border, have taken part in supplying the program. The first stage was not as transparent as it should have been. We were all suspicious,  said Jorge Negrete Pacheco, executive director of Mediatelecom, a consultancy in Mexico City on telecommunications regulation.  It was inevitable to think like this because none of the winners (of bids) were known brands. Negrete said the South Korean manufacturer Samsung was disqualified  for offering a better product  than required under the bid conditions. The winner of one bid sold televisions sets under the brand Diamante, largely unknown.The two television networks, Televisa and TV Azteca, are installing digital transmitters around the country. TV Azteca broadcasts on 180 channels while Televisa operates 220 channels. The two companies capture a majority of all advertising spent in the country for all media.By next year, however, a third network will step into the fray. Grupo Imagen Media, owner of Cadenatres, will begin broadcasting, after winning a bid in March to occupy 123 channels spread across the country:HERE S WHAT WE FOUND ON THIS   CARLOS SLIM CONNECTION: Mexican media company Grupo Imagen, which has just won one of two new national TV concessions, may look to move into the lucrative telecoms sector, the chief executive of the family-owned company said on Thursday.Grupo Imagen was awarded the free-to-air TV concession on Wednesday after bidding 1.81 billion pesos ($116.8 million). The auction was part of a government overhaul of the hidebound phone and TV markets, which are controlled by billionaire Carlos Slim s America Movil and broadcaster Televisa.Grupo Imagen, the media arm of privately held banking, hotel, construction and hospital company Grupo Empresarial Angeles (GEA), is run by Olegario Vazquez Aldir, an up-and-coming Mexican mogul.In an interview, Vazquez Aldir acknowledged the threat posed to free-to-air TV by new technologies including Netflix, and said the company might at some point follow in the footsteps of Televisa, by looking to move into the more lucrative telecoms market. I don t rule out that in the future, we could strike alliances with telecoms companies,  he said.  We understand perfectly well the challenges posed by new technologies, and that the younger generations are consuming content through other digital platforms. Vazquez Aldir said he had not spoken with Slim or any other telecom companies. Slim s America Movil is trying to offload assets to comply with new regulation resulting from the government s telecom reform, which was finalized last year.Grupo Imagen expects to invest 10 billion pesos in the new network over the next 36 months, Vazquez Aldir said. It aims to be broadcasting in Mexico s main cities by January 2016 and to have the rest of the country covered within three years.The money would mainly be spent on buying or renting land to install broadcast infrastructure, he said, adding that the company hoped to sell its content eventually in the United States, to capitalize on the growing Latino market thereNegrete said the advent of a third channel  is a democratic message because it will offer a new source of information, different newscasts. This seems very positive. Read more: ocregister ",0
17142,(VIDEO) COVERUP? THE TOXIC WATER FLOWS FASTER THAN FACTS AT THE EPA,"Beware:  I m from the government and I m here to help.  This is a very revealing interview about the EPA toxic water spill out West. The EPA is doing its best to cover their bases and cover up any wrongdoing except to throw the locals under the bus. More info from Washington Times:DENVER   The environmental left can be counted on to whip up an outcry whenever a private company despoils a gulf, stream or river   unless the polluter in question is the Environmental Protection Agency.After days with little or no reaction to the Gold King Mine spill, some Democrats and green activists are scrambling to provide cover for the EPA by pointing fingers elsewhere and downplaying the magnitude of the blowout, which flooded the Animas River with 3 million gallons of toxic orange wastewater. Blaming the EPA for #AnimasRiver spill is like blaming a doctor for the disease,  Conservation Colorado said in a Wednesday tweet.Said Colorado state Rep. Joe Salazar, a Democrat, on Twitter:  Focus of #AnimasRiver contamination should be on mining companies and their mining practices, not EPA, yes? The Sierra Club Rocky Mountain chapter posted a link to an article titled  9 things you need to know about the Animas River spill.  The list includes  The EPA messed up, but they re not the root cause  and  This isn t the first time this has happened, nor is it the worst. Colorado state Sen. Ellen Roberts, a Republican who represents Durango, said she didn t appreciate the campaign. She said it muddies the waters amid the effort to determine what toxins are in the river and a plan to clean up of the spill.",0
17143,SCRUBBED CLEAN? HILLARY CLINTON TO FINALLY TURN OVER SERVER TO FBI,"I appears that Hillary Clinton is really in a big mess with this e-mail scandal. She could have just turned the server over and dealt with this at the beginning but she s made this into a HUGE mess. Her trustworthiness is about as low as it gets as her opponent gains points in the polls. Shades of 2008 with Barack Obama? Hillary Clinton relented Tuesday to months of demands she relinquish the personal email server she used while secretary of state, directing the device be given to the Justice Department.The decision advances the investigation into the Democratic presidential front-runner s use of a private email account as the nation s top diplomat, and whether classified information was improperly sent via and stored on the home-brew email server she ran from her house in suburban New York City.Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said she has  pledged to cooperate with the government s security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them. It s not clear if the device will yield any information   Clinton s attorney said in March that no emails from the main personal address she used while secretary of state still  reside on the server or on back-up systems associated with the server. Clinton had to this point refused demands from Republican critics to turn over the server to a third party, with attorney David Kendall telling the House committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, that  there is no basis to support the proposed third-party review of the server. Republicans jumped on Tuesday s decision to change course, as well as the additional disclosure that two emails that traversed Clinton s personal system were subsequently given one of the government s highest classification ratings. All this means is that Hillary Clinton, in the face of FBI scrutiny, has decided she has run out of options,  Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement.  She knows she did something wrong and has run out of ways to cover it up. Federal investigators have begun looking into the security of Clintons  email setup amid concerns from the inspector general for the intelligence community that classified information may have passed through the system.There is no evidence she used encryption to shield the emails or her personal server from foreign intelligence services or other potentially prying eyes. Kendall has said previously that Clinton is  actively cooperating  with the FBI inquiry.In March, Clinton said she exchanged about 60,000 emails in her four years in the Obama administration, about half of which were personal and were discarded. She turned over the other half to the State Department in last December.The department is reviewing those emails and has begun the process of releasing them to the public. As she has said, it is her hope that State and the other agencies involved in the review process will sort out as quickly as possible which emails are appropriate to release to the public, and that the release will be as timely and transparent as possible,  Merrill said Tuesday.Also Tuesday, Kendall gave to the Justice Department three thumb drives containing copies of work-related emails sent to and from her personal email addresses via her private server.Via: Yahoo",0
17144,"(VIDEO) EPA CHIEF’S DESPERATION SHOWING ON CLIMATE CHANGE SCAM: Unless you want to debate cigarettes and cancer, ‘don’t debate about climate change’"," We are way past any further discussion or debate. Scientists are as sure that humans are causing climate change as they are that cigarette smoke causes lung cancer. So unless you want to debate that point, don t debate about climate change any longer because it is our moral responsibility to act. That responsibility right now is crystal clear and that is why we have taken action.  ",0
17145,[VIDEO] SHERIFF CLARKE EXPOSES THE LEFT: “This (Ferguson protests) Is Nothing More Than An Attempt To Try To Energize and Mobilize The Black Vote Through The 2016 Election”," A bunch of thugs, a bunch of creeps, criminals, race hustlers  with a scattering of law abiding people converged in this area and ripped the town up again. I would ve like to think this phony (#BlackLivesMatter) Movement Would ve Come Back To Apologize To The Good Law-Abiding People Of Ferguson, MO, but instead, we get this whole phony movement. In the first round there was an over-reliance by the police on avoiding confrontation. Look, the police are not looking for confrontation, but if someone s gonna bring the fight, then they have to respond quickly. If there s looting, if there s gun fire like last night, if there s rioting, if there s other sort of criminal behavior, law enforcement needs to use the resources they have.  Respond quickly and crush it. And give the impression to these individuals  that this stuff is not gonna stand. They re (the left) gonna keep this thing going and it s an unfortunate thing. Because look, this isn t Selma, Alabama this isn t Montgomery, it isn t the civl rights movement. Mike Brown was engaged in felonious conduct.This is a slap in the face to people like Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, Jr. They oughta go back and study Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I don t remember gun fire and rioting breaking out at a protest that he held. ",0
17146,LOIS LERNER E-MAIL SNIPPETS REVEAL A BITTER B*TCH: “Lincoln should have let the South go…”,"It s official! Lois Lerner is the bitter b*tch we all knew she was when she took the 5th before Congress. Who s not surprised that she targeted conservatives while she was at the IRS. Remember Lois Lerner? How could you forget. She s the former head of the IRS  Exempted Organizations division who was caught using the agency to target Americans based on their political views.Well we now have snippets from some of her email conversations, and it becomes crystal clear that she targeted conservatives because, well, she really hates conservatives. Clearly the type of person who should be placed in a position of governmental power.From The Hill:Lois Lerner, the central figure in the IRS targeting controversy, called Abraham Lincoln the country s worst president in an email disclosed in a bipartisan Senate report, according to USA Today. Look my view is that Lincoln was our worst president not our best,  Lerner wrote in an email dated March 6, 2014.Lerner, the former IRS director of Exempted Organizations, joked in one email that the 16th president should have just let the South secede, rather than fighting the Civil War. He should [have] let the south go,  Lerner wrote in response to a friend who disparaged Texas as a  pathetic  state.  We really do seem to have [two] different mind sets.  And what is your  mind set  Ms. Lerner? That government officials should target American citizens if they hold political views you don t like?The report also highlighted emails written by Lerner calling conservatives  crazies  and  a holes.  Yes ladies and gentlemen, this is your government. Corrupt beyond belief, shady, unethical, dangerous and vengeful.So why is Lois Lerner not sitting in a jail cell for this clear abuse of power? Because oligarchy.Via: Zero Hedge",0
17147,"ATTORNEYS ASK TO DIAL BACK SECURITY AT TRIAL FOR 7 TERROR SUSPECTS IN MN, Fears It Will Influence Jury: Argues ISIL Not A Terrorist Group","By all means, lets cut back on security at the trial potentially putting an untold number of Americans at risk in order to ensure 7 suspected terrorists get every advantage our court systems can offer them Attorneys for 7 suspects in FBI case are also seeking lighter security at trial, saying it could influence jury.Defense attorneys for seven suspects charged with supporting terrorism are arguing that the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) is not a terrorist organization because it operates a government and regulates services for citizens living under its control in Syria.In one of several motions filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Minneapolis, the attorneys argued that despite its reputation for brutality, ISIL carries many characteristics of a government that tends to day-to-day business and that therefore criminal charges against the defendants are too broad. While the group has adopted harshly violent and repressive tactics, and engages in military and insurgency attacks against the Syrian and Iraqi armies, it has also embarked on a systematic process of civilian governance over the eight to 10 million people with the territory it controls,  attorneys said.The statutes under which the defendants are charged prohibit providing support under the direction or control of a terrorist group. The attorneys argue that when a terrorist group controls an entire territory, simply being in that country would effectively become, under the current charges, support to the terrorist group. But when services are provided, it s no longer possible to describe that territory as being part of a terrorist state. Mere travel to Syria, or willingness to  join  ISIL, cannot constitutionally be equated with material support. Accordingly, the material support statute is void,  the attorneys argued.In April, six of the seven defendants in the case were arrested by FBI agents following a 10-month investigation. No trial date has been set. A hearing on motions is scheduled Sept. 2 in front of U.S. District Judge Michael Davis.Other motions included a request to dial back a heavy security presence at the trial because the attorneys said it could negatively influence a jury. Current hearings have a large contingent of police and Homeland Security officers, and at least one bomb-sniffing dog. Via: Star TribuneDon t be surprised if President Bill Clinton appointed Federal Judge Michael Davis goes along with the defense attorney s request to cut back on security in the courtroom:Judge Davis   who s handled all of the recent terrorism cases in Minnesota, where a large Somali community has been a target for recruits for the Islamic State group and al-Shabab   takes a nuanced approach. He s considering pretrial release for some, asking attorneys and the community to create plans that will keep the public safe and steer the young men in a positive direction. As dozens of similar cases proceed nationwide, Davis  actions could become a model for other courts, or could prove disastrous if he takes a risk on the wrong person. I think he s been able to see that terrorism cases aren t black and white and there s a lot of grey in there,  said Anders Folk, a former federal prosecutor in Minnesota who said Davis is among the most experienced judges in the country on the topic.Davis doesn t talk about active cases but said during a recent hearing:  This is way too important for us just to treat it as a regular criminal case. The first African-American federal judge in Minnesota has a broad, friendly smile that he uses to put jurors, and sometimes defendants, at ease, but he also employs a stare that flusters even the most experienced attorneys. He s soft-spoken, but can command attention with a big, booming voice. The 68-year-old has no tolerance for disruptions in the courtroom, but is well known for ensuring each person receives equal justice.Cases like the ones currently in front of Davis   eight young men charged with conspiring to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group   are challenging for any judge, Folk said. They re complex and require managing a community that s emotionally involved and sometimes feels unfairly targeted. Via: Naples Herald",0
17148,HILLARY CLINTON CRASHING IN POLLS: Moves To Obama Strategy…Using Taxpayer Money To Give Away Free Sh*T,"So, the working people of America are basically supposed to sit back and watch Bernie Sanders and Hillary compete to see who can pander to get more votes by promising Americans and illegal aliens more free sh*t with our hard earned money? Like healthcare, education is a sclerotic, overexpensive, underperforming industry. Both have strong parallels: they re dominated by government subsidies and controls, though not entirely socialized; they re perhaps the only growth industries in our moribund economy; and they dominate the thought life of the nation. As Arnold Kling and Nick Schulz pointed out in 2011:These are our foremost growth sectors   the ones most central to employment and consumption; the ones that, increasingly, drive our economy. And it is in precisely these two sectors that the case for extensive government intervention and planning, if not outright control, is dominant   and becoming ever more so.If there is to be any hope of reversing this trend, champions of market economics must come to see these two sectors as the front lines in the battle for capitalism. At stake is not only an ideological or theoretical point, but also American prosperity. The historical record makes this clear: In the nations where it was practiced, government control of the old commanding heights of the economy made those industries less efficient and less innovative   bringing overall economic performance down with them.Today, Hillary Clinton is touting her plan for Obamacare-izing higher education. Competing Democratic presidential candidates Martin O Malley and Bernie Sanders have already proposed essentially socializing college straight up. Clinton s proposal, like Obamacare, is also collectivist and unjustified wealth redistribution, but with a more complicated, less direct, crony capitalist flavor. In other words, it s not direct socialism, but it might as well be.By mucking around this way, Clinton gains the benefit of deception: She can argue that  both the left and the right  (by  right,  she of course means the craziest of Republicans, not actual conservatives) have proposed elements of her plan. So she gets to smear her Frankenstein with pretty  bipartisan  makeup. And the average voter won t care, because the average voter doesn t give jack about enslaving his children (or other people s children) to the unseen but growing monstrosity of federal debt, as long as he gets feel-goodies now, regardless of whether they actually benefit anyone. But it s still a Frankenstein.What Does Hillary Clinton Propose, Exactly? Before we get into the mud-slinging, let s do what most journalists do not and give some actual hard facts about Clinton s proposal. (Do any of you also scan news articles looking for actual facts instead of paid spokespeople s lying spin? It s hard to find those, isn t it?) The full proposal doesn t seem available (probably so they can tweak its details in response to initial criticism); reporters have gotten  three fact sheets,  MSNBC says. Inside Higher Ed kindly posted them. A news summary of the major points: Under the plan, which was outlined by Clinton advisers on Sunday, about $175 billion in grants would go to states that guarantee students would not have to take out loans to cover tuition at four-year public colleges and universities. In return for the money, states would have to end budget cuts to increase spending over time on higher education, while also working to slow the growth of tuition, thought the plan does not require states to cap it.  (NYT) military veterans, lower-income students and those who complete a national service program, like AmeriCorps, would go to school for free in the Clinton plan  (AP). She would also expand income-based repayment programs, allowing every student borrower to enroll in a plan that would cap their payments at 10 percent of their income with remaining debt forgiven after 20 years.  (AP) Student borrowers would be expected to work at least 10 hours a week to contribute, while their families would continue contributing under the current income-based model. Clinton s plan would also expand a tax credit from $1,000 to $2,500 for families paying for college.  (MSNBC) Her campaign says she will create a dedicated fund for Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and will expand AmeriCorps from 75,000 to 250,000 members.  (MSNBC) Mrs. Clinton would pay for the [supposedly $350 billion] plan by capping the value of itemized deductions that wealthy families can take on their tax returns.  (NYT)So more income redistribution and more federal micromanagement because, clearly, central planners know better how to manage college costs than colleges and families. Topped off, of course, by (what else?) playing self-appointed Robin Hood against people who earn lots less money than she does. Envy and greed are our society s favorite sins, after all.Federal Meddling Is the Problem, Not the AnswerThe most expensive portion of Clinton s proposal involves bullying states into following federal marching orders in order for them to receive cash the feds scooped from taxpayers.For entire story: The Federalist",0
17149,SCAM ALERT! USDA GIVES OBAMABUCKS TO FARMERS FOR GREEN ENERGY “PROJECTS”,"The USDA is spreading the wealth like crazy with the green energy giveaways of thousands to farmers. We know from past experience that these farmers are given grants and loans for supposed green energy  projects  only to see the scam of pocketing money. The USDA had previously spend BILLIONS of taxpayer dollars on a project called Pigford that was proven to be nothing but an effort to redistribute money to thousands of minorities. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is spending millions on green energy projects for farms, including putting solar panels on the tops of chicken coops.The federal agency announced Friday that its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) will spend $63 million on solar panels and wind turbines for the farming industry.One project, totaling $16,094, was awarded to Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., to  install a solar array on the roof of poultry houses. Other projects announced by the USDA included $18,000 for solar panels for a fruit farm in Ohio, and $19,750 for a wind turbine for a farm in Minnesota.The majority of funding is going toward similar small projects. The agency is also financing larger solar projects through loan guarantees in the amounts of $3 to $4 million, and funding a $5 million project to turn wood into gas.Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the $63 million in funding would  create jobs, reduce greenhouse gas pollution, and helps usher in a more secure energy future for the nation. The USDA pointed out that the Obama administration has spent more than $291 million in grants and $327 million in loan guarantees on green energy projects for farmers through the program since the president took office.Via: WFB",0
17150,EPA CAUSES HUGE TOXIC SPILL INTO COLORADO RIVER THREATENING WATER SUPPLIES IN FOUR STATES,"The EPA s response to spilling toxic water into the Colorado River was to do nothing for 24 hours. Can you imagine if a private company had done something like this? Does the EPA fine itself now? The only thing I m sure of is the EPA administrator who s responsible for this should be fired but won t be The EPA is known for its hard line on environmental offenders, but its own accountability is being challenged after its agents unleashed a disastrous toxic spill threatening water supplies in four Western states and two Indian reservations.The agency revised Sunday its estimate on the spill from 1 million gallons to 3 million as regional officials came under fire for waiting 24 hours before alerting authorities that a crew at the Gold King Mine had accidentally uncorked the orange, acidic brew now spreading from Colorado to New Mexico, Arizona and Utah. There is widespread frustration with the EPA s initial response and the lack of information coming out of the agency   the poor communication is unacceptable,  said Rep. Scott R. Tipton, Colorado Republican.  If a mining operator or other private business caused the spill to occur, the EPA would be all over them. The EPA admits fault, and as such must be accountable and held to the same standard,  Mr. Tipton said.Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye said Sunday that he will sue the EPA for  millions of dollars.  The reservation sits in the path of the contaminated water via the San Juan River, which merges with the Animas in New Mexico. We are going to make EPA pay for this,  Mr. Begaye told the Navajo Times.EPA Region 8 administrator Shaun McGrath took responsibility for the spill Saturday, but the agency is receiving little sympathy from Western lawmakers and others who have found themselves too often pleading for mercy from the EPA for less-egregious violations. Imagine what would happen if a private company caused this waste spill,  New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said in a statement. This was caused by the EPA and the EPA should demand the same of itself as it would of a private business responsible for such a spill, particularly when it comes to making information available to the public and state and local officials,  she said.Read more: WT",0
17151,"BUSTED! DEM TX REP PLAYS RACE CARD, LIES ABOUT TREATMENT BY COP…Uncovered Dash Cam Shows Truth [VIDEO]","The race card thing is getting old fast The Austin County Sheriff s Office released the dash camera video of a July 14 traffic stop of State Representative Garnet Coleman Tuesday to refute claims Coleman made last week about being disrespected and treated  like a child. Coleman, as the chair of the Committee on County Affairs, held a hearing last Thursday in Austin as the first public inquiry into the arrest and death of Sandra Bland in Waller County. In that hearing, Coleman recounted his own history of being pulled over in traffic stops and gave this account of an I-10 traffic stop that happened just two weeks ago. He talked to me like I was a child,  he said of the sheriff s deputy who pulled him over for speeding.  He was so rude and nasty. Even when he found out I was a legislator, he became more rude and nasty. And I didn t understand why this guy was continuing to go on and on and treat me like a child. And basically like I m saying is treat me like a boy. I want to be very clear about that,  Coleman said in the committee hearing.  Via: Breaking 911KHOU    The Texas Municipal Police Association, the Harris County Deputies Organization, the Houston Police Officers  Union and the Dallas Police Union all issued demands for Coleman to apologize for his  fabrication  of the events in the traffic stop. Sheriff Brandes asked Coleman to apologize for his remarks about the sheriff s deputy. Instead, Coleman seemed to double down on the race card  boy  word. They may not have [thought it was rude],  Coleman told KHOU.  But they weren t sitting in my seat. And, if you know the history of my people, you know that being treated like a child or a boy is not something that we accept very well. The Houston Police Officers Union (HPOU) issued a strong rebuke to Coleman.  Our organization has supported Representative Coleman during his tenure in the Texas Legislature, however, since Representative Coleman refuses to own up to the fact that his statements in committee regarding the stop were in fact not true and completely out of line, we have no choice but to discontinue our support of him. Via: Weasel Zippers Black Democratic Texas State Rep Claims  Mistreatment  By Police During Traffic Stop, Video Shows Anything But",0
17152,“BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS” FOR VOTING RIGHTS: The Truth About Shocking Number Of Murders By Illegal Aliens In US Hidden By Media And Dems [VIDEO],"It s time to stop hitting the snooze button America! This crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. The Democrats, corporations and the Chamber of Commerce want to give these criminals the same rights as you and me Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump deserves credit for forcing all 17 Republican candidates to talk about the social costs of illegal immigration, but it is not  Trump s issue.  We will be making a fatal mistake if we let the media discuss it that way.As Ann Coulter has pointed out, this is the most critical issue of the 2016 race because this is the issue that will define whether or not there will even be an American nation recognizable as the  home of the free and land of the brave. But illegal immigration is not  Ann Coulter s issue  any more than it is  Tom Tancredo s issue.  It is America s issue   not only because it will define America in the 21st Century but because it also defines American elections and who will be voting in elections in 2020 and beyond. It also illuminates the power of the mainstream media to keep issues off the national stage.Think of illegal immigration this way: If the liberal media can keep illegal alien crime out of the  kitchen table debate,  they can keep any issue out of the debate. And they will if they can get away with it. For those reasons, illegal immigration is much more than an issue of public policy; it is the poster child for media malpractice.The media s attempt to suppress public awareness over illegal alien crime and the effects of illegal immigration on American workers  jobs and wages is nothing less than censorship on a massive scale. We need to start talking about it in those terms and hold the media accountable for the lack of ethical standards.The mainstream media   including, sadly, major segments of the presumably conservative media, like the Wall Street Journal   are working overtime to keep the American public and the American voters in the dark on the scope of illegal alien crime. The murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco exposed only the tip of a massive iceberg, and the media establishment is desperate to avoid dealing with the iceberg underneath.Let s look at a few numbers. You haven t seen them in the New York Times, Atlanta Constitution, or the Miami Herald, nor have they been featured on NBC Nightly news or CNN. So, the average American is blissfully unaware of them.Between 2008 and 2014, 40% of all murder convictions in Florida were criminal aliens. In New York it was 34% and Arizona 17.8%. During those years, criminal aliens accounted for 38% of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York, while illegal aliens constitute only 5.6% of the total population in those states. That 38% represents 7,085 murders out of the total of 18,643. That 5.6% figure for the average illegal alien population in those five states comes from US Census estimates. We know the real number is double that official estimate. Yet, even if it is 11%, it is still shameful that the percentage of murders by criminal aliens is more than triple the illegal population in those states.Those astounding numbers were compiled by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) using official Department of Justice data on criminal aliens in the nation s correctional system. The numbers were the basis for a presentation at a recent New Hampshire conference sponsored by the highly respected Center for Security Policy. You can view the full presentation here:The federal Bureau of Prisons category  criminal aliens  includes legal immigrants who have been convicted of serious crimes, but over 90% of incarcerated criminal aliens are illegal aliens, so it is reasonable to use these numbers as a close approximation of the extent of illegal alien crime.Similar data is available at the state level if state officials have the desire to look for it. The Texas Department of Public Safety reports that between 2008 and 2014, 35% of the all murder convictions were illegal aliens averaging 472 murders each year from 2004 to 2008.Do you know the numbers for your state? Does your congressman, Senator, or Governor know those numbers? Of course not. If you are afraid of the answer, don t ask the question.There is widespread public ignorance of illegal alien crime in every state because the mainstream media does investigate such matters. Why? Because they do not want the public to think about such things. The media, from the Associated Press down to the Main Street News, does not even allow the phrase  illegal immigrant  to appear in print.So, the numbers are out there in the criminal justice system and correctional institutions, waiting to be compiled and published. State attorneys general and state legislators could access the data if they were interested, and so could the media, but they don t. In fact, in Colorado in 2006, the state legislature passed a law ordering the state Attorney General to compile accurate data on the costs of incarcerating illegal aliens and send a bill for reimbursement to the federal government. The state AG sent the feds a bill for only half the real costs   the cost of inmates in the state prison system and not the costs imposed on taxpayers by an equal number of inmates in county jails across the state.The US Department of Justice s Bureau of Justice Programs publishes an annual report on the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, a report that includes data on the number of criminal aliens incarcerated each state prison system and each county jail. It takes some prodigious digging to find the data, but it is there.But our mainstream media, our self-described guardians of the First Amendment, consciously avoids the effort and declines to put a public spotlight on the problem or demand public scrutiny and public accountability. Why?The answer is that public debate on the problem of illegal alien crime does not serve the progressive political agenda. The issue is swept under the rug and anyone who raises it is called a racist.This is media malpractice of historic proportions, and publishers and editors are the unindicted coconspirators in those 7,085 murders.",0
17153,"35 YR OLD MARINE VET’S DEATH IS FAULT OF VA HOSPITAL: Gave Him Toxic Mix Of Drugs, Then Botched His Resuscitation","Where is the outrage? The investigation into the culpability of the VA took one year before they finally came to this conclusion!  # VetsLivesMatter but not enough for Obama and his regime to act with the same amount of enthusiasm and sense of urgency they showed in determining the cause of thug Michael Brown s death. Is the life of a US Marine killed by the very government entity assigned to care for him not as important as a common neighborhood thug? It took Obama s DOJ only 7 months after the death of thug Michael Brown to determine the entire Ferguson Police Department engaged in a pattern or practice of conduct that violates the First, Fourth, and 14th Amendments of the ConstitutionAn inspector general s report faults a Wisconsin Veterans Affairs hospital for the accidental overdose death of a Marine Corps veteran that sparked outrage and legislation aimed at strengthening guidelines for prescribing painkillers.The Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General found that Jason Simcakoski s death at a Tomah, Wis., VA center in August 2014 was tied to a toxic mix of prescribed drugs and also faulted VA staff for botching resuscitation efforts once he was found. The Tomah VA has been dubbed  Candyland  for what some say was wanton overprescription of opiates.Simcakoski, 35, served in the Marines from 1998-2002 and suffered a head injury. He sought care for anxiety attacks at the Tomah VA, where his family said he struggled for years with no improvement despite a long list of medications. He was found unresponsive Aug. 30, and the report found that the two psychiatrists who prescribed drugs to Simcakoski did not talk to him or his family about risks associated with the drugs.The report also criticized hospital staff for a chaotic resuscitation response and failing to have the proper drugs on hand to counteract Simcakoski s overdose.In response to the report, Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., who requested the investigation, released a statement saying  the sacred trust we have with those who faithfully serve our country has been broken and it needs to be fixed. This report confirms that the Tomah VA physicians entrusted with Jason s care failed to keep their promise to a Wisconsin Marine and his family,  Baldwin said in a released statement.  I have all the evidence I need to conclude that the VA prescribed Jason a deadly mix of drugs that led to his death and that those responsible for this tragic failure should never again serve our veterans and their families. The Tomah VA said in a statement that it s saddened by Simcakoski s  avoidable  death and is committed to learning from it and improving care for veterans, according to the Associated Press.Earlier in the year, the oft-criticized VA Office of Inspector General had defended closing an earlier investigation into alleged overprescription of opiates at the Tomah VA without finding problems in a tersely worded press release that began with this John Adams quote:  Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence. Some lawmakers jumped on that report at the time to criticize then-acting VA Inspector General Richard Griffin for what they perceived as his failure to point out problems within the scandal-plagued VA. Griffin resigned under pressure in June.On Friday, the Inspector General s office defended the earlier Tomah report. We continue to stand by our earlier Tomah report on opioid prescription practices,  VA Inspector General spokeswoman Joanne Moffett said in an email.  Yesterday s report notes the patient was not at the time dependent on opioids and that according to VA outpatient prescription records, no VA provider prescribed oxycodone or other Schedule II opioid analgesics. The IG s report notes that one of the drugs that likely contributed to Simcakoski s death was buprenorphine, an opioid derivative, and that he had struggled with opioid dependency in the past.The report on Simcakoski s death recommends local VA officials determine whether anyone should be punished and that the facility director review their medical emergency procedures.Via: Stars And Stripes",0
17154,"SHERIFFS, LT. GOV AND IMMIGRATION EXPERTS FIGHT BACK AGAINST FED’S ATTEMPT TO MAKE TEXAS A SANCTUARY STATE","Hello America Are we awake yet?AUSTIN, Texas   Texas Sheriffs, the Lieutenant Governor, and experts in immigration related issues met at the State Capitol on Wednesday to discuss the federal government s creation of a sanctuary state for criminal aliens through its Priority Enforcement Program (PEP).Jackson County Sheriff Aj (Andy) Louderback, immediate past president of the Sheriff s Association of Texas, told Breitbart Texas that the federal government s PEP program  has created a sanctuary state for criminal aliens because it has gutted the immigration system. A press conference was held on the crisis facing Texas that was created by the new immigration policies of the federal government. The sheriffs complained that aliens are being brought into the criminal justice system in Texas but are being released into the community because of the federal policies.In the past, ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) could place a 48-hour hold on illegal immigrants when they were wanted on immigration related issues. The PEP program replaced the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s (DHS) Secure Communities plan and now that is no longer possible.The policy was released by Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in November, 2014. In January, the program went into effect and Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby exclusively reported leaked training documents detailing how the program would be implemented. Darby dubbed the program,  Catch and Release 2.0. Breitbart Texas has reported many examples of criminal illegal aliens who have been previously deported many times only to come back and commit even more serious crimes.In July, Breitbart California s Michelle Moons reported on the murder of Katheryn Steinle. She was killed by an illegal alien who was released by the San Francisco sheriff despite an ICE detainer in effect. Her killer had been deported several times.The same week as Steinle s murder, Darby reported on the murder in Laredo, Texas, of a woman who was killed by her criminal illegal alien husband. He had been deported four times. Despite numerous domestic violence calls to the Laredo Police Department, he was allowed to remain in Laredo until he finally killed her.There have been many other such reports in the past month about violent criminal illegal aliens who commit more heinous crimes after returning from being deported.The lieutenant governor, Texas sheriffs, and the director of policy studies for the Center for Immigration Studies spoke at the press conference in Austin, Texas. Their message   the federal government has placed the public in danger through its policies, and these policies have essentially tied the hands of Texas law enforcement.Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick (speaking) joined Sheriff Aj Louderback; Chambers County Sheriff Brian Hawthorne; Victoria County Sheriff Michael O Conner, and Jessica Vaughan, Director of Policy Studies for the Center for Immigration Studies. (Photo: Breitbart Texas/Lana Shadwick)Sheriff Louderback told Breitbart Texas,  This federal program (PEP) replaced a Congress-mandated program and replaced it with a program that now prioritizes criminal behavior and is excluding thousands of criminal aliens.  He says the program is forcing Texas sheriffs to sometimes release even violent offenders.Louderback said that criminal aliens know that law enforcement officials in Texas have their hands tied because of these new federal policies. They know they can come into the country illegally and stay here with impunity.He said illegal aliens cannot be held until after there is a final conviction. He said,  These criminals bond out and disappear into the country. These policies, say the immediate past sheriff s association president,  mean that local jurisdictions have to deal with the costs. Victoria County Sheriff Michael O Connor said criminal aliens are traversing over the border and coming in throughout the country. He said that the sheriffs intend to  connect, communicate, and collaborate with community stakeholders  to deal with the problem.Victoria County, Texas, is located about halfway between Houston and the Mexico/Texas border. He said his county is a  fatal tunnel between Harris County and the rest of the U.S. Sheriff Hawthorne told Breitbart Texas,  This is about a secure community program.  He said in 2008, law enforcement were able to do that. He said,  PEP is, and will be, a failure by this [federal] administration. Lt. Gov. Patrick promised that the senate would pass legislation to deal with the problems of sanctuary cities in the next legislative session. He said that he was confident that the senate now has the votes to deal with this issue. Sanctuary cities legislation was a contentious topic in the senate this past session.Via: Breitbart News",0
17155,AWESOME: PATRIOTS AND SHERIFF STAND GUARD As Feds Try To Confiscate Navy Vet’s Guns,"Do you hear that sucking sound? That s the Obama regime sucking more and more of your freedoms away every day In northern Idaho, residents are standing guard against a federal government determined to disarm those they deem  unworthy. About 100 locals in Bonner County are stationed outside the home of U.S. Navy Veteran John Arnold, including Sheriff Daryl Wheeler and two state lawmakers.Arnold, who lives in Priest River, received a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs warning him he is not permitted to purchase or possess firearms, the AP is reporting.Rep. Matthew Shea of Spokane Valley, who described the event as a  defiance against tyranny. I took an oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution and uphold the laws of Idaho,  Wheeler said.  This seemed appropriate to show my support. I was going to make sure Mr. Arnold s rights weren t going to be breached. During Thursday s demonstration, the group at times broke out in song to sing  God Bless America  and pray while waving both the American flag and the  Don t tread on me  flag. With a population of just 1,700, Priest River is near the tip of northern Idaho- a region known for its strong tea party roots and gun-rights activism.Arnold had a stroke one year ago. In January, paperwork filed with the VA stated that Arnold was financially incompetent and could not handle his own affairs.Arnold claimed the box that was checked was done in error and he was always competent to handle himself. However, the VA said that due to the paperwork, Arnold was no longer allowed to buy, sell or possess firearms. If somebody else makes an error and they cause you grief they should fix it,  said Arnold.  That s all I want is that stuff to get fixed. The Department of Veterans Affairs can declare a vet  incompetent  by fiat if they so wish, in direct violation of the Second Amendment.Republican U.S. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas proposed legislation that would require court action before barring gun purchases by veterans declared incompetent.Via: DownTrend",0
17156,SOCIAL SECURITY RELIES ON “SELF REPORTING” ON DISABILITY BENEFITS – THE DECADES AND DOLLARS OF WASTE IS SHOCKING!,"We know that SS disability is full of fraud in the first place so why the heck does the SSA rely on people to  self report  overpayments? Just another BIG government idiotic program wasting our tax dollars unreal!We just reported on the cut in Social Security payments to 77% and it s no wonder the way they handle our money.The Social Security Administration (SSA) overpaid individuals a total of $371.5 million in disability benefits from fiscal year 2009 through fiscal 2013, according to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report.These overpayments are cause for concern, as the Social Security s Disability Insurance Trust Fund is expected to go broke by 2016, according to SSA s 2015 annual report. During a time of growing concern about the solvency of the DI trust fund, it is important for SSA to take every opportunity to help improve the financial status of the program,  the GAO said. The report examined how these concurrent Federal Employees  Compensation Act (FECA) payments affect Disability Insurance (DI) overpayments.The GAO found that SSA did not detect concurrent FECA payments for about 1,040 individuals during at least one month from July 1, 2011, through June 30, 2014.To test SSA s internal controls, GAO randomly selected 20 beneficiaries for review. In all 20 cases, SSA s controls failed to detect and prevent overpayments. In seven of the cases, SSA did not detect overpayments for more than a decade, and each of these individuals received $100,000 in overpaid benefits.One of these seven individuals received FECA benefits in the 1980s and was approved for disability benefits 14 years later in 1994. The GAO found that this individual received $200,000 in overpayments for more than 20 years.The SSA s  internal controls  rely on beneficiaries to self-report overpayments.Read more: WFB",0
17157,GREAT VIDEO! CLIMATOLOGIST WEIGHS IN ON THE TRUTH ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE,This expert on climate who s been studying climate change for 25 years weighs in on the global warming scam. Please share! ,0
17158,(VIDEO) BLACK COMEDIAN PAID BY U.S. GOV’T TO DELIVER ANTI-WHITE RACIST TIRADE AT FED AGENCY,"A notorious race-baiter is paid to visit a government agency and deliver a racist rant WTH! Your tax dollars paid for this insane rant against whites. The kicker is the Census Bureau paid Gregory  a whopping $1,400 to  share a wealth of history as a Civil Rights Activist.  So he got paid to offend anyone who s not black unreal!The U.S. government paid a controversial civil rights activist/comedian to deliver an anti-white racist tirade at a major federal agency during Black History month and Judicial Watch has obtained the disturbing transcript of the offensive political rant.It took place at the United States Census Bureau earlier this year and the paid speaker was Dick Gregory, a self-professed humanitarian and drum major for justice who claims that his social satire changed the way white Americans perceive African American comedians. But Gregory s angry outburst at the Census Bureau was not funny to some employees and the agency was forced to explain that it will thoroughly review its procedures for selecting future speakers to  ensure their views are appropriate for the federal workplace.  Gregory also said whites stole black inventions, such as ice hockey and the cotton gin, and accused the U.S. government of conspiring to kill Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri and Tamir Rice in Cleveland, Ohio. The movie King Kong is really a depiction of former heavyweight champion Jack Johnson dating white women, Gregory claimed at the Census Bureau performance, and whites treat President Obama  like dirt  and  like he s a Redneck Cracker that can t read or write.  Gregory delivered most of his routine in Ebonics (also known as African American Vernacular English) and advised his black audience not to obey  white racist cops,  which he also referred to as  filth. The rioters who destroyed Ferguson after a cop fatally shot a black man with an extensive criminal record who had just committed a robbery, didn t steal enough merchandise from the businesses they looted, Gregory told his government audience.  I was complaining about Ferguson because the N_ _ _ _ _ _ wasn t getting enough,  Gregory said, according to the transcript obtained by JW.  Did you see the brother go in there and walk out with a half-pint, I said  Get some tips.  And, y all be trying to trick them White folks and say rebellion. No rebellion is put together, predicated, on some White person shooting a Black person and that tips it off. Those was riots, riots. Gregory also told his audience of public servants that if he were president of the United States no white people would be in his cabinet.  Had I been elected to be the President, listen good White folks, none of y all would be in my cabinet,  he says.  Now don t worry about Black folks who be saying  oh, he didn t mean it.  So, I ll say it ten times, non of y all be in my cabinet, none of y all be in my cabinet, none of y all be in my cabinet. Via: Judicial Watch",0
17159,HOW DOES YOUR STATE’S ECONOMY RANK? Washington DC’s Ranking And #1 State May Surprise You,"Thanks to Obama s promise to shut down the coal industry, West Virginia comes in at #50. It s also interesting to note where Washington DC ranks in the nations best economies and why.Business Insider ranked the economies of these states, and DC s, on seven measures: unemployment rates, gross domestic product per capita, average weekly wages, and recent growth rates for non-farm payroll jobs, GDP, house prices, and wages.While they didn t factor them into the ranking, they also looked at the Fortune 1000 companies that have their headquarters in each state and which industries were disproportionately important in each state. This helped us get a little more insight into what makes each state economy tick.For more details on methodology and sources, click here.51. MississippiMississippi came in last in our ranking of state economies. Chicken, soybean, cotton, and rice farming are among the state s most disproportionately large employers.Mississippi had the lowest 2014 GDP per capita of any of the states, at just $35,019, and the lowest Q4 2014 weekly wage, at $747. The rate at which both of those measures was changing were also weak: Mississippi had the second-lowest GDP growth rate, with state GDP shrinking by 1.2%. The average weekly wage grew just 2.3% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.50. West VirginiaWest Virginia was one of just two states in which fewer people were working in June 2015 than in June 2015, with a drop of 1.2% in nonfarm payrolls over the year. The Appalachian state was also one of only three states where housing prices dropped between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, and had the biggest drop in the state housing price index, falling 3.90%. One bright spot was that GDP grew by 5.1% in 2014, higher than the national rate of 2.2%.49. AlabamaAlabama s 2014 per capita GDP of $41,127 was far lower than the US per capita GDP of $54,307. GDP growth was also slower than in other states, increasing just 0.7% in 2014. Alabama s housing market remains lackluster, with housing prices rising just 1.8% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015.48. New MexicoNew Mexico has a large mining sector: About 18,000 New Mexicans are employed in support activities for mining. The state, home to research institutions like the University of New Mexico and the Los Alamos National Laboratory, also has a disproportionately large number of people employed in science, with about 22,000 private sector physics, engineering, and biological-research employees.New Mexico s June unemployment rate of 6.4% was a bit higher than the national rate of 5.3%, and its housing market was sluggish, with home prices rising just 1.46% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015. One bright spot is wage growth, with the weekly average wage in the state jumping 4.4% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.47. MissouriMissouri is home to 26 Fortune 1000 companies, including Emerson Electric, agricultural giant Monsanto, O Reilly Automotive, and Energizer.Missouri had a low rate of employment growth, with nonfarm payrolls growing just 0.8% between June 2014 and June 2015. The state was slightly below average on all our other metrics, like its 5.8% June 2015 unemployment rate, higher than the national rate of 5.3%.46. MaineShipbuilding and maintenance jobs are disproportionately common in Maine, home to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, one of the four main shipyards used by the US Navy. The federal government employs about 4,700 workers in these industries.Maine saw low GDP growth in 2014 of only 0.2%. Maine s housing market was also slow, seeing only a 1.07% increase in housing prices. Maine s average weekly wage of $826 was also a bit lower than the national average of $1,035.45. ArkansasWhile home to corporate giants like Walmart, which sits at the very top of the Fortune 500 list, and food-processing conglomerate Tyson Foods, Arkansas  economy overall is weaker than that of most states.Arkansas  per capita GDP was $40,924, well below the US GDP per capita of $54,307. Similarly, the state s average weekly wage of $807 was quite a bit lower than the US average wage of $1,035 per week. However, the state s wage situation is improving: Wages rose by 4.5% from Q4 2013 to Q4 2014, the fifth highest wage-growth rate among the states.44. New Jersey The Garden State is home to the headquarters of several large corporations, including Johnson & Johnson, Prudential Financial, Merck, and Honeywell International. Although Atlantic City has seen better times, about 23,000 New Jerseyans are employed at casino hotels, about three times the national rate of employment in this industry.New Jersey had some rather extreme scores on our measures. While New Jersey s GDP per capita of $61,433 and average weekly wage of $1,211 were among the highest in the country, the growth rates for these two measures were far weaker: GDP grew just 0.4% in 2014, and wages rose just 2.0% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, much lower than the 3.5% change nationwide.43. KansasKansas  economy has huge agriculture and aerospace sectors. Among the most disproportionately common jobs in Kansas are livestock wholesalers, cattle ranchers, turkey producers, and airplane manufacturers.Kansas  over the year wage growth of 2.6% was somewhat weaker than the national rate of 3.5% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014. Job growth was also below average, with nonfarm payrolls growing by only 0.8% between June 2014 and June 2015. Despite the slow change in employment, Kansas  June 2015 unemployment rate of 4.5% was quite a bit lower than the national 5.3% rate.42. VirginiaWith its proximity to the nation s capital and several key military installations, it s not surprising that government and military activities play a disproportionately large role in Virginia s economy. About 38,000 Virginians are employed in the shipbuilding industry, and 64,000 are employed by the federal government in national-security positions.This heavy government and defense presence also shows up in Virginia s Fortune 1000 companies: Among the big companies headquartered in Virginia are the government-backed Freddie Mac, and defense contractors General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman.Virginia s job growth was mediocre and its GDP growth was weaker than most states. Nonfarm payroll jobs increased by 1.3% between June 2014 and June 2015, and the state s GDP was flat in 2014, growing 0.0%. A more positive measure for Virginia was the state s average weekly wage of $1,057, just above the national average of $1,035.41. IllinoisSeveral iconic companies call Illinois home, like airplane builder Boeing, pharmacy giant Walgreens, insurance companies State Farm and Allstate, and the troubled burger sellers of McDonald s.While Illinois  weekly average wage of $1,089 is better than that of most other states, wage growth has been slower, with wages rising just 2.8% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014.40. ArizonaAnchored by the metropolis of Phoenix, Arizona has a diverse economy. Among the most disproportionately large industries are mining, professional organizations, financial processing, and electronics manufacturing.Arizona s housing market is recovering well, with housing prices rising 6.03% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, a bit faster than the national change of 4.96%. However, the state s GDP per capita is somewhat lower than in other areas, at just $42,213, about $12,000 lower than the US per capita GDP of $54,307.39. LouisianaShipping services, sugar farming and processing, and petroleum refining and processing are three of the most disproportionately large industries in Louisiana.Louisiana s June 2015 unemployment rate of 6.4% was higher than that of most states. The state also had a below average year-over-year job growth rate, with nonfarm payrolls increasing by only 0.7% between June 2014 and June 2015.38. AlaskaMining, fishing, and seafood processing are among the most disproportionately large employers in Alaska.While Alaska s $77,477 GDP per capita was the second highest in the country, the state s GDP was one of only two that were lower in 2014 than 2013, with a 1.3% drop in economic activity over the year. The state s unemployment rate of 6.8% was the fourth highest among the states.37. MarylandLike Virginia, Maryland s proximity to Washington means a huge federal presence in the state: 15 of the 20 most over-represented industries in Maryland are federal government employers.While Maryland s $1,113 average weekly wage and $58,335 GDP per capita were both quite high, the state was one of only three to see house prices drop between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, with the house price index dropping 0.38%. This housing market weakness along with middling scores on our other metrics kept the state from rising higher in our rankings.36. PennsylvaniaPennsylvania is home to several storied US corporations, like US Steel, Comcast, Rite Aid, and Hershey. This heritage shows up in the industries that employ a disproportionately large number of workers in the state: about 13,000 Pennsylvanians work in iron and steel mills, and about 8,000 in chocolate candy manufacturing.Pennsylvania was pretty middle of the road on most of our metrics. The state s June 2015 unemployment rate of 5.4% was just above the national rate of 5.3%, and the Q4 2014 average weekly wage of $1,013 was very close to the national average wage of $1,035.35. South CarolinaSouth Carolina has a disproportionately large manufacturing sector. Various types of fabric and textile manufacturing, tire manufacturing, and fabricated metal product manufacturing all employ a higher proportion of South Carolinians than of Americans as a whole.While South Carolina s housing market was strengthening, with a 6.46% increase in housing prices between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the state s unemployment rate of 6.6% was the sixth highest among the states, and its per capita GDP of just $39,380 was the third lowest.34. IndianaManufacturing is still a big part of Indiana s economy: About 21,000 Hoosiers are employed in motor vehicle power train manufacturing, another 34,000 in auto body manufacturing, and about 20,000 in iron and steel mills.Indiana was a mixed bag on our measures. GDP growth was sluggish at just 0.4% in 2014. On the other hand, average weekly wages grew 3.9% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, a bit higher than the national rate of 3.5%.33. Rhode IslandRhode Island s coastal location shows up in its economy, with private marinas and shipbuilders among the most disproportionately large employers in the state.Rhode Island s unemployment rate has dropped quite a bit in recent years, but at 5.9% in June, it is still above the 5.3% national rate. Rhode Island s job creation was middle of the road, with nonfarm payrolls growing by 1.2% between June 2014 and June 2015. On a brighter note, the 4.5% rate of year over year wage growth was the fifth highest among the states.32. ConnecticutGeneral Electric, No. 8 on the Fortune 500, calls Connecticut home, as do health insurance giants Aetna and Cigna. Not surprisingly, aerospace manufacture, insurance, and financial activities are among the most disproportionately large employers in the Constitution State.While Connecticut s GDP per capita of $70,353 was the sixth best in the country, and its $1,278 average weekly wage was the fourth best, the state s house price growth of 0.40% was the fourth worst.31. NevadaThe home of Las Vegas naturally has an outsize gaming sector. About 183,000 Nevadans are employed by Casino hotels, with another 10,000 employed by non-hotel casinos and other gambling establishments.Nevada found itself in the middle of the states because of a few extreme scores on our rankings. On the positive side, the state had the second-highest rate of job growth among the states, with nonfarm payrolls growing by 3.5% between June 2014 and June 2015. The state s housing market has been recovering nicely after being slammed especially hard after the collapse of the housing bubble, with housing prices rising 10.11% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the second-highest jump in the country.On the negative side, Nevada s 6.9% unemployment rate is the third highest in the country, and the state s average weekly wage only grew by 1.6% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, the second-lowest growth rate among the states.30. OklahomaThe oil industry plays an outsize role in Oklahoma s economy. About 24,000 people work in the oil-and-gas-extraction industry, with another 37,000 in support activities for mining.Like Nevada, Oklahoma scored very well on a few of our metrics and poorly on others. On the positive side, the state s 2014 GDP growth rate was 2.8%, the ninth-best among the states, and the state unemployment rate of 4.5% was much lower than average. On the negative side, job growth was slow, with a 0.6% year-over-year growth rate in nonfarm payroll jobs.29. WisconsinWisconsin s association with cheese and other dairy products is no accident: Some 17,000 Wisconsinites are employed in dairy product manufacturing, 13,000 in dairy cattle and milk production, and another 5,000 in dairy product wholesale.Wisconsin scored close to average on most of our metrics. The state s June 2015 unemployment rate of 4.6% was quite a bit lower than the national rate of 5.3%, housing prices went up 5.09% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, right in line with the national change of 4.96%, and the state s Q4 2013-Q4 2014 wage growth of 3.4% was about the same as the national growth rate of 3.5%.28. MontanaMontana is a big, wide-open state, and cattle ranching is a disproportionately large industry there. Montana s 3.9% unemployment rate was the eighth best among the states, but its average weekly wage of $794 was the fourth lowest.27. KentuckyKentucky is famous for its bourbon, its horse races, and its coal. All three are disproportionately big employers in the state: About 4,000 Kentuckians work in distilleries, 1,300 in horse ranching, and 11,000 in coal mining.Kentucky fell in the middle on most of our metrics. The state saw nonfarm payroll jobs rise by 2.2% between June 2014 and June 2015, close to the national rate of 2.1%. The state s average weekly wage was a bit lower than average, however, at just $836 compared to the national average of $1,035.26. North CarolinaNorth Carolina is home to 27 Fortune 1000 companies, including Duke Energy, Lowe s, and Bank of America.Job growth was healthy in the state, with a 2.4% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015, slightly higher than the 2.1% national growth rate. The state s 2014 GDP per capita of $48,585 was a bit below the national level of $54,307.25. OhioOhio s industrial legacy lives on. About 31,000 Ohioans are employed in motor-vehicle parts manufacturing, with another 11,000 in motor-vehicle metal stamping.Ohio s 2014 2.1% GDP growth was just below the national growth rate of 2.2%, and the state s 5.2% unemployment rate was just below the national 5.3% rate.24. HawaiiHawaii is a gorgeous state, and tourism is a big part of the economy. Hotels employ about 38,000 residents of the state, with another 7,000 employed as tour operators and in sightseeing transportation.Hawaii s unemployment rate of 4.0% was below the national rate of 5.3%, but the state s housing market was more sluggish than average, with home prices rising just 1.53%, lower than the national growth rate of 4.96%.23. DelawareDelaware has an extremely generous corporate law, and over half of US companies are legally incorporated in the state.Delaware had a high 2014 GDP/capita, at $67,075, much higher than the national GDP per capita of $54,307. However, the state s year over year wage growth of just 1.5% was the lowest among the states.22. IowaAgricultural industries are a big part of Iowa s economy. Agricultural equipment manufacturing, starch, and vegetable oil manufacturing, and breakfast-cereal manufacturing are three of the most disproportionately large industries in the state.Iowa s 3.7% unemployment rate was the fifth lowest in the country. The state s 2014 GDP growth of just 0.4% was relatively anemic, however.21. South DakotaSouth Dakota s economy still relies heavily on agriculture. Grain farming and wholesale, livestock wholesale, and cattle production all employ South Dakotans at a higher rate than Americans as a whole.While South Dakota s June 2015 unemployment rate of 3.8% was the sixth lowest in the country, the Q4 2014 average weekly wage was just $791, third lowest among the states.20. TennesseeTennessee is home to 20 members of the Fortune 1000, including shipping giant FedEx, discount retailer Dollar General, and hospital conglomerate HCA.Tennessee scored about average on many of our metrics. The state s unemployment rate of 5.7% was a bit higher than the national 5.3% rate, and the average weekly wage in the state grew by 3.5% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014, equal to the national growth rate.19. VermontCoffee-pod conglomerate Keurig Green Mountain was founded in Vermont, where it has its headquarters.Vermont s 3.6% unemployment rate was the fourth lowest in the country, but the state s 2014 GDP growth was rather sluggish at just 0.6%.18. GeorgiaTextiles are a disproportionately large part of Georgia s economy, with carpet and rug mills, fiber and yarn mills, and fabric mills all employing Georgians at a higher rate than other Americans.Georgia s GDP grew by 2.3% in 2014, slightly higher than the 2.2% national growth rate. The state s unemployment rate of 6.1% continues to be higher than that of most other states.17. Michigan Detroit still looms large in Michigan: About 46,000 residents of Michigan work in auto and light-truck manufacturing, with tens of thousands more in related industries like metal stamping for cars and power train manufacturing.Michigan s housing market has been improving, with home prices rising 6.4% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, somewhat faster than the national increase of 5.0%. The state s 2.2% growth in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015 was right in line with the US rate of 2.1%.16. MinnesotaMinnesota is the headquarters for 25 Fortune 1000 companies, including Target, Best Buy, 2M, and General Mills. All four of those are headquartered in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region.Minnesota s 3.9% unemployment rate was the eighth lowest among the states. The state s 2014 GDP per capita of $57,943 was a little higher than the national per-person economic activity of $54,307.15. IdahoMemory and computer-chip maker Micron Technologies   recently in the news after talk of a buyout by Chinese tech giant Tsinghua Unigroup that could draw the ire of US regulators   is based in Boise, Idaho.Idaho s labor market is looking good, with an unemployment rate of just 4.0% and a 2.6% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015. However, the state s per capita GDP of $39,127 and average weekly wage of $782 were both the second lowest among the states.14. NebraskaAgriculture and meat production are big parts of Nebraska s economy. About 26,000 Nebraskans are employed in animal slaughtering and processing, with thousands more in grain farming, cattle ranching, and agricultural-tool manufacturing.Nebraska s unemployment rate of 2.6% was the lowest in the country in June 2015. The state s average wage rose an impressive 5.2% between Q4 2013 and Q4 2014. Despite that increase, the Q4 2014 average weekly wage was just $837, quite a bit lower than the national average of $1,035.13. WyomingOil and coal mining are a big part of Wyoming s economy. About 6,500 citizens of the state work in coal mining, 4,600 in oil and gas drilling, 4,000 in oil- and gas-pipeline construction, and 14,000 in mining-support activities.Wyoming s 2014 GDP growth rate of 5.1% and per capita GDP of $75,648 were both the third highest in the country. However, Wyoming was one of just two states to have fewer people working in the state in June 2015 than in June 2014, with the number of nonfarm payroll jobs in the state dropping by 0.7%.12. FloridaWith Disney World, Sea World, and Universal Studios all located in the Sunshine State, it s not surprising that about 69,000 Floridians are employed in the amusement and theme-park industry.Florida s housing market, one of the worst hit by the collapse of the 2000s housing bubble, has been recovering nicely. House prices went up by 8.7%, the third-fastest growth rate among the states. However, Florida is kept out of the top 10 states with its below average per capita GDP of $42,222.11. CaliforniaThe nation s largest state is home to 10% of the Fortune 1000, with 101 companies on the list having their headquarters in California. These include Silicon Valley giants like Apple, HP, Google, Intel, and Oracle, Disney, and Wells Fargo.While California s 2014 GDP growth of 2.8% was the ninth highest among the states and the house price increase of 7.5% was the fifth highest, the June unemployment rate of 6.3% was the ninth highest, hurting California s overall score.10. OregonAthletic-apparel and shoe giant Nike was founded in Oregon, where it still has its headquarters.Oregon s 3.2% increase in nonfarm payroll jobs between June 2014 and June 2015 was the fifth best in the country, and its 3.6% GDP growth in 2014 was the sixth best.9. New YorkBusiness Insider s Sarah Schmalbruch recently pointed out that New York City is the greatest city in the world, and so it s no surprise that the state economy that includes the financial capital of the US and arguably the world falls in the top 10.New York had the second-highest average weekly wage in the country, at $1,321. The state s GDP per capita of $71,128 was the fifth highest. However, the June unemployment rate of 5.5% remains just above the national rate of 5.3%.8. New HampshireThe industrial legacy of New England lives on in New Hampshire. About 7,300 residents work in electronic-instrument manufacturing, 5,000 in semiconductor and electronic-component manufacturing, and 3,700 in miscellaneous fabricated-metal product manufacturing.New Hampshire s 3.8% unemployment rate was the sixth lowest among the states, and its average weekly wage grew by a very impressive 6.3% from Q4 2013 to Q4 2014, the second highest rate in the country.7. UtahUtah is home to four Fortune 1000 companies, the largest of which is the Huntsman chemical corporation.Utah s job market is booming. The number of nonfarm payrolls in the state grew by 4.3%, the fastest growth rate in the country. Meanwhile, Utah s 3.5% unemployment rate was the third lowest.6. MassachusettsWith its several colleges and universities providing a highly educated workforce, Massachusetts is a major hub of finance and high tech. Big companies like insurer Liberty Mutual, retail giant T.J. Maxx, and defense contractor Raytheon all have their headquarters in the state.Massachusetts  2014 per capita GDP of $68,185 was the seventh best among the states, and the state had the third highest Q4 2014 average weekly wage, at $1,315.5. WashingtonTen Fortune 500 companies are based in Washington, including discount retail giant Costco, ubiquitous coffee chain Starbucks, and huge tech companies Amazon and Microsoft.Washington s housing market is doing quite well: House prices rose 7.6% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, the fourth-highest growth rate among the states. The state s 3.5% increase in nonfarm payrolls between June 2014 and June 2015 was the third best in the country.4. TexasWhile Texas has a very diverse economy, and despite turbulence in prices in the last year, oil remains a big part of the Texas story. About 103,000 Texans are employed in the oil-and-gas-extraction industry, and tens of thousands more are in related industries, like pipeline construction, mining support activities, and petrochemical manufacturing.Texas performed very well on all seven of our measures, ranking no worse than 13th in each. Particularly impressive were the state s second best in the country 2014 GDP growth rate of 5.2% and sixth best housing price increase of 6.5%.3. District of ColumbiaUnsurprisingly, the federal government is the dominant factor in the economy of the nation s capital. About 31% of workers are employed by the federal and local governments in the district.DC is quite different from the states, and it had some extreme scores on our measures. Washington came up as high in the ranking as it did because of its absolutely stunning per capita GDP of $175,253   over three times the US per capita GDP of $54,307. Also greatly helping DC s standing was its equally impressive average weekly wage of $1,696, about $375 higher than second-place New York.On the downside, the district s 7.0% unemployment rate was the second highest in the country, and housing prices fell 0.8% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015, a situation that happened in only two states.2. ColoradoDish Network, Western Union, and Chipotle are three of the 23 Fortune 1000 companies headquartered in Colorado.Colorado s housing market had the most improvement in the country, with house prices rising 11.2% between Q1 2014 and Q1 2015. The state s 2014 GDP growth rate of 4.7% was also very strong, and was the fifth best among the states.1. North DakotaNorth Dakota had the strongest economy in the country. The state s economy has seen a major boon from the rise of oil fracking in the last few years, and despite chaos in oil prices recently, North Dakota s economy remains robust.North Dakota s 3.1% unemployment rate was the second lowest in the country. The state also had both the highest 2014 GDP growth rate of 6.3% and the highest average wage growth rate of a whopping 7.1%.Via: Business Insider ",0
17160,GOVERNMENT FAILED TO NOTIFY THREE SONS OF 9-11 VICTIM Living In Public Housing Of $1 Million Compensation Payment,"Meanwhile, after 6 long years of waiting, the families of the Ft. Hood shooting victims who were killed by terrorist Maj. Nidal Hasan had to wait 6 years for the government to find a way to compensate them. The three sons of a 9/11 victim lived in poverty for more than a decade after government officials failed to deliver more than $1 million they were awarded in victim compensation money, The Post has learned.Ty-Shawn Ward, Trent Ward and Dujon Holland   whose father, John Holland, was killed while working in the kitchen at Windows on the World   never knew they were entitled to the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund windfall.The funds were approved for disbursement in 2004, but they were never told due to a lapse in oversight by Manhattan Surrogate s Court officials and subsequent red tape.At the time the sons were represented by court-appointed guardian Linda Sosnowitz, who told the court in 2005 that she wanted the money set aside for the boys  education. But that never happened.The money flew under the radar for years, bouncing between a city Department of Finance account and one with the state Comptroller s Office, where it sat in a pool of $12 billion in unclaimed funds.Queens lawyer Salvatore Giliberto finally dug up the money in 2013, and the brothers were able to cash in earlier this year.  These were three young men living in public housing that could ve certainly used the money,  Giliberto told The Post.He blasted court officials for never notifying the boys in the following years that the money was still there. If you can t find three guys, then you probably can t find the five fingers on your right hand,  Giliberto said.The funds were released earlier this year: $346,598.23 to Ty-Shawn, 28; $296,074.29 to Trent, 23; and $359,775.67 to Dujon, 27. But not before the court fought with Giliberto over his 15 percent fee. The court was angry because everybody else worked on the case worked for free,  said Giliberto, who halved his fee in order to settle the case.  I said everybody else who worked on this case didn t do a thing because these men waited 10 years for now what is over $1 million. Via: NY Post",0
17161,ZIMBABWE’S CORRUPT GOVERNMENT SEEKS EXTRADITION OF AMERICAN LION HUNTER: Secret Memo Shows U.S. Was Aware Of $45-$60 Million Trophy Hunting Business,"So much outrage by so many corrupt people it s hard to keep track.  One thing we know for sure no matter where you are in the world, you know you can always count on American citizens to seek justice against anyone who would harm an animal. Ripping innocent human babies limbs off and harvesting their parts for profit not so much As usual, there is none more culpable of the recent event in Zimbabwe, which incidentally is and has been quite permitted by the local authorities as long as everyone s palms are appropriately greased, than the US government, which years ago was fully aware that Americans were killing lions in Hwange National Park, but that its concern was not with the dead animals   no matter how hard the administration tries to feign empathy for the beheaded lion here and now   but with Americans getting caught in the act.al.com  Zimbabwe intends to seek the extradition of an American dentist who killed a lion that was lured out of a national park and shot with a bow and a gun, and the process has already begun, a Cabinet minister said Friday. Unfortunately it was too late to apprehend the foreign poacher as he had already absconded to his country of origin,  Oppah Muchinguri, Zimbabwe s environment, water and climate minister, told a news conference.  We are appealing to the responsible authorities for his extradition to Zimbabwe so that he be made accountable. On Tuesday, American hunter Walter James Palmer issued a statement saying he relied on his guides to ensure the hunt was legal. Two Zimbabweans   a professional hunter and a farm owner   have been arrested in the lion killing that garnered worldwide condemnation. There has been an outcry,  Muchinguri said.  Almost 500,000 people are calling for his extradition and we need this support. We want him tried in Zimbabwe because he violated our laws. I have already consulted with the authorities within the police force who are responsible for arresting the criminal. We have certain processes we have to follow. Police should take the first step to approach the prosecutor general who will approach the Americans. The processes have already started. The Cabinet minister said both Palmer and professional hunter Theo Bronkhorst violated the Parks and Wildlife Act, which controls the use of bow and arrow hunting. He said Palmer, who reportedly paid $50,000 to hunt the lion, also violated the act through financing an illegal hunt. The landowner violated the act because he  allowed a hunt to be conducted without a quota and necessary permit,  Muchinguri said.Muchinguri accused Palmer of  a well-orchestrated agenda which would tarnish the image of Zimbabwe and further strain the relationship between Zimbabwe and the USA. Palmer is believed to have shot the lion with a bow on July 1 outside Hwange National Park, after it was lured onto private land with a carcass of an animal laid out on a car. Some 40 hours later, the wounded cat was tracked down and Palmer allegedly killed it with a gun.Palmer, 55, is a dentist in the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington. In a note to his patients, he wrote:  I understand and respect that not everyone shares the same views on hunting,  adding that he would resume his dental practice  as soon as possible. Zimbabwe Hunters On US Elephant Ivory Ban: As professional hunter Cliff Walker sets out before dawn in Zimbabwe s Zambezi River valley to find a lion for his U.S. client, he has elephants on his mind.Walker, 37, says a U.S. ban on ivory imports from Zimbabwe and Tanzania in February may cost him tens of thousands of dollars. While Gavin Shire, spokesman for the U.S. Department of Fish and Wildlife Services, said last month that the ban was  temporary,  Walker thinks it will dissuade clients from coming to the southern African nation. I had six quotas for elephant trophy hunts for American clients,  Walker said in an interview last month in the Matetsi Lot 1 in northwestern Zimbabwe near Victoria Falls.  I spent a lot of money to get those quotas. Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority Director-General Edison Chidziya traveled to Washington last year to lobby against the ban, which government officials say will cost the southern African nation vital foreign exchange. Before the ban, Zimbabwe was expecting to earn about $60 million from trophy hunting this year, up from $45 million last year. Via: BloombergImages from the luxuryhunts.com websiteZero Hedge   Released by Wikileaks: QUIET DIPLOMACY  SUSPENDS ELEPHANT HUNTING IN NATIONAL PARKS   FOR NOW    a Confidential memo sent on October 23, 2008 by the current US ambassador to Zimbabwe, James D. Mcgee, to the CIA.In it we read that, as usual, there is none more culpable of the recent event in Zimbabwe, which incidentally is and has been quite permitted by the local authorities as long as everyone s palms are appropriately greased, than the US government, which years ago was fully aware that Americans were killing lions in Hwange National Park, but that its concern was not with the dead animals   no matter how hard the administration tries to feign empathy for the beheaded lion here and now   but with Americans getting caught in the act. As has just happened.But first, here is some background on how legal local poaching, whether it is for lions or elephants is. From the formerly classified memo:Meeting with poloff and conoff on October 10, Bown said that it was unclear  how legal  these hunting operations were, since it appeared the hunters had permits issued by Parks to kill the animals, despite the provision in the National Parks Act that prohibits commercial hunting. The photographic safari operators indicated Parks had given several local and South African hunting companies concessions to kill elephants in Hwange if they met specific criteria: (1) total ivory weight less than 30 pounds, (2) young/adolescent males, (3) isolated areas (i.e. away from watering holes and main roads), and (4) controlled by Parks staff. Parks has never publicly stated these criteria or explained the operation. Frustrated photographic safari operators weighed and photographed many of the tusks at the Park s ivory store in Hwange and found that many were over 30 pounds each. In one case, an operator claimed an American hunter killed an elephant with tusks weighing over 120 pounds. Photos also show some elephants were killed very near main roads and close to watering holes. In at least one reported case, a vehicle drove around the animal before the hunter killed it at close range. In emails to Mtsambiwa and Nhema, safari operators decried the unethical hunting both in terms of the detrimental ecological impact and the negative impact it would have on their own businesses.  the safari operators also reported that some of the hunting guides had been issued hundreds of hunting permits for elephants in Hwange and other national parks in mid-to-late August. Normally, hunting permits are offered in an auction to all professional hunting guides. In contrast, Bown said these recent permits were issued through a non-transparent process to professional hunters of ill-repute, including some South African operators.So both the Zimbabwe ambassador and the CIA knew Zimbabwe was permitting and flaunting its own  regulations  when it comes to poaching if the fee is good enough. And, since American citizens were involved, the fee most certainly was:Despite Mtsambiwa s assurances at our August meeting that Parks was only planning a management/training exercise for Parks staff, in early September poloff received an email from an American citizen in California, asking about an advertisement for an elephant hunt in Zimbabwe to hunt five elephants over ten days for USD 6,000 as part of a culling exercise. The meat from the animals would go to local villagers and hunters were expected to help with on-site butchering of the animals. This price is significantly less than most elephant hunting packages. Normally, elephant hunting excursions in Zimbabwe cost about USD 1,000 per day, plus a fee for each animal killed. The hunting operation was to be led by Zimbabwean Headman Sibanda and was arranged by Thomas Powers Internationale, based in Colorado. Where was the disgust then? Oh yes, elephants are not cute animals about which Broadway musicals are written.However, there is a problem, because reading on we find that not only did the government know about everything that was going on involving US poachers, quite legal and paying very well, involving the hunting of elephants, but also, drumroll, lions.Bown, Save Valley Conservancy Director Clive Stockil and other conservationists opined in conversations with us that hunting permits were issued by Parks under intense pressure from its politicized board and ZANU-PF. Bown believed this frantic last grab at hunting revenue was one more aspect of ZANU-PF insiders  efforts to strip assets and fill their pockets before losing power to the MDC. She said that the same small group of hunters involved in this operation had been consistently involved in unethical and marginally legal hunting. Bown had no evidence that they were involved specifically with sanctioned individuals within the Mugabe regime, but believed such connections were likely. According to Bown, the Zimbabwean professional hunters involved include Guy Whitall, Tim Schultz of African Dream Safaris, Headman Sibanda and Wayne Grant of Nyala Safaris, Evans Makanza, Alan Shearing, Buzz Charlton and James Macullam of Charlton Macullum Safaris, A.J. Van Heerden of Shashe Safaris, Barry Van Heerden of Big Game Safaris, and Lawrence Boha. (COMMENT: Numerous conservationists have suggested the Van Heerden brothers are involved in suspicious hunting and land deals with the Director of the Central Intelligence Organization, Happyton Bonyongwe, although none have provided proof of the relationship. END COMMENT.)Additionally, one safari operator accused an American, by name, of killing a lion illegally and then smuggling its hide out through South Africa. Given the rampant smuggling of other animal products across Zimbabwe s southern border (reftel), this is not unlikely. As reported in reftel, American hunting dollars are vital to Zimbabwe s conservation efforts, but there are also serious risks that Americans could be implicated in smuggling and poaching operations.And there you have it: while blaming Walter Palmer is easy, the truth is that at its core, the death of Cecil, as well as countless other lions, elephants, rhinos and other animals, is solely as a result of the Zimbabwe government s corruption. A corruption, which the US government knew all about, and which also knew that US hunters were killing not only elephants but lions.The government s only real concern: the  serious risks that Americans could be implicated in smuggling and poaching operations. And now that an American has been implicated in poaching, what does the government do? It generously offers to  help the Zimbabwe government investigate the killing  of Cecil. Even though both Zimbabwe and the US government have tacitly approval of just this kind of behavior for years. Until something went wrong.",0
17162,(VIDEO) FEC CHAIRWOMAN WON’T DROP EFFORT TO REGULATE POLITICAL WEBSITES LIKE DRUDGE,"It s pretty obvious that the FEC chairwoman is just another political hack for the left. Ann M. Ravel is  determined to regulate new media like Drudge and says she s frustrated that her last bid was met with  threatening misogynist responses.  Be aware of this attempt at silencing free speech and political activity as we move towards the most important election of our time in 2016.Some irony from her speech: (around the 36 min. mark)  We have to talk to people to get them to understand the influence of government or governmental policies on their lives. People have to realize that campaign finance and policies influenced by only a small number of people has a profound relationship on things that touch them in their daily lives. You ve gotta love how our FEC Chairman refers to people who agree with her wanting to regulate political sites on social media as  regular people. After backing down amid concerns she wanted to regulate political speech, the chairwoman of the Federal Election Commission has renewed talk about targeting campaign and political activities on the internet.Ann M. Ravel, discussing election regulation during a speech in New York, suggested it was time to produce  thoughtful policy  targeting internet political activity. She also expressed frustration that her last bid was met with  threatening misogynist responses to me. She was speaking at a day-long conference hosted by the Brennan Center for Justice, the New York City Campaign Finance Board, and the Committee for Economic Development when she was asked about regulating the internet, Google and Facebook.When the Democrats on the FEC first raised the possibility of regulations, opponents feared they were going to target conservative groups, activities and news sites. A proposal to delve into the issue died in a 3-3 vote.Republican Commissioner Lee E. Goodman, the previous chairman, warned that regulations would silence voices on the internet and that sites with a political bent, even in the media, could face rules requiring them to disclose donors and finances. Read more: WEHERE S THE VIDEO OF HER SPEECH   SCARY STUFF! ",0
17163,JOHN KERRY GRILLED BY GREAT PATRIOT TOM COTTON! WATCH AND SHARE THIS BOMBSHELL VIDEO,WOW! TOM COTTON KNOW HIS INFO! Please listen and share this unbelievable and revealing testimony. Scary! ,0
17164,(VIDEO) UNBELIEVABLE PUNISHMENT FOR SEXUAL PREDATOR AT THE EPA WHO WAS ‘FED A STEADY DIET OF INTERNS’,EPA Director Gina McCarthy gets into a heated exchange with Cong.Jason Chaffetz over how she handled a repeat offender of sexual harassment. Does anyone in government ever get fired? I don t think they do. ,0
17165,HOUSE VOTES TO BEEF UP OUR “GUN GRABBER IN CHIEF’S” SECURITY,"While Obama simultaneously works to take our guns away. Sounds about right The House voted Monday to beef up White House security, including more weapons and defenses for the building and training for the Secret Service.The measure would be a helping hand after a series of scandals have left the agency responsible for protecting the president with its tail between its legs.The Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015 will provide extra training for agents, upgrade the White House s security, and increase transparency.The Secret Service has had a series of failures: multiple White House fence jumpers, including one who made it all the way into the building, and allegations that two agents drove a car into a White House barricade after drinking at a party. Incidents in recent years involving agent misbehavior and security lapses due to performance issues prompted my colleagues and I to propose this bipartisan bill to improve the Secret Service,  Democrat Rep. John Conyers said in a statement.The bill passed 365-16 and instructs the Secret Service to evaluate new defenses for the White House as well as additional weapons. It authorizes more training and the construction of new training facilities in Beltsville, Md.The bill also addresses new problems, such as allowing the Secret Service to prepare for drone attacks after multiple drones invaded White House airspace in recent months.Via: The Daily Caller ",0
17166,THE BRUTAL TRUTH ABOUT BENGHAZI: ’13 HOURS’ In-Home Sales BLOW UP Right Before The Election! Hillary Wants This GONE! [VIDEO],"Any guesses as to who is playing our criminal Secretary of State or our lying  Commander in Chief? The movie, based on Mitchell Zuckoff s 2014 book 13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi, tells the story of the September 11, 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya in which four Americans U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Foreign Service s Sean Smith and CIA contractors Glen Doherty and Tyrone S. Woods   were killed by Islamist terrorists.Bay is directing the film from a script by Chuck Hogan (FX s The Strain). James Badge Dale, John Krasinski, Pablo Schreiber, Toby Stephens, David Denman, Max Martini, and Dominic Fumusa star.The trailer conveys a strong sense of dread before the classic Bay-inspired action kicks in. When everything went wrong, six men had the courage to do what was right,  the text in the trailer reads.With a budget reportedly in the range of $30-$40 million, Bay is working on 13 Hours with a lot less money than he usually gets to play with on blockbuster films like Transformers. Here s hoping the result is a return to form for Bay and a tight, focused action film that honors the memories of the American heroes who sacrificed their lives on that day.13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi hits theaters January 15.Via: Breitbart News",0
17167,(VIDEO) BAM! OBAMA LECTURES KENYANS ON GAY RIGHTS BUT KENYAN PRESIDENT SLAPS BACK," The fact of the matter is Kenya and the U.S. share so many values: common love for democracy, entrepreneurship, value for families   these are some things that we share,  Kenyatta said.  But there are some things that we must admit we don t share. Our culture, our societies don t accept.  ",0
17168,(VIDEO) BREAKING ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS?! CITY OFFICIAL HARASSES MAN FOR LETTING BBQ SMELLS LEAVE HIS PROPERTY,"Florida government official is serious about the BBQ aroma infraction.LOL! The environmental laws are creeping into our everyday normal activities like grilling out. Big government is way out of control! Once our homes were our castles. Now they are the government s. Not even the most trivial details of how we make use of our own property escapes bureaucratic regulation in the name of the environment. For example:Cobb County [Georgia] is telling a Kennesaw family to apply for permission to park their kids  cars in their own driveway.The Oviedo family got a notice of violation for having four cars in the driveway. The family has relatives visiting and two kids home from college.  They got a visit Friday from code enforcement, acting on an anonymous complaint. The neighborhood is zoned an Open Space Community. A recent rule changed, and enacted a limit of two cars parked in the drive.  After Channel 2 consumer investigator Jim Strickland got the county on the phone, officials decided to let the issue slide this summer, but put the family on notice next summer would require a permit to park four cars in the driveway. I m having to pay to park on a property that I already pay tax on,  said [Kim] Oviedo.But think how grateful the polar bears will be!Cobb County s Open Space Community zoning was  established to encourage the preservation of natural resources within residential development.  Once environazis get their heads in your tent, you have been relegated to sleeping out on the sand. Via: moonbattery",0
17169,"WHILE OBAMA VACATIONS AND HANDS OUT A BILLION DOLLAR GIFT TO KENYANS, IRAN’S AYATOLLAH TWEETS PICTURE OF BARACK WITH GUN TO HIS HEAD","Hey Barry tell us again about what a great deal for America you cut with Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s supreme leader, tweeted a graphic Saturday morning that appears to depict President Barack Obama committing suicide by holding a gun to his head.US president has said he could knock out Iran s military. We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but.. pic.twitter.com/D4Co7fVuVg  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 25, 2015 We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but if any war happens, the one who will emerge loser will be the aggressive and criminal U.S.,  the quote attributed to Khamenei said. Khamenei oftentimes blasts the U.S. and Obama over Twitter, even after the U.S. and other world powers came together to reach a historic nuclear deal with Iran. US is the supporter& plotter of terrorism. #Iran has fought #terrorism, has slapped it,has hit in the head and will continue to do so. #ISIS   Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) May 16, 2015  The term  Great Satan  for US was coined by @IRKhomeini ; when you consider sb or an entity as Satan then it s clear how you should behave.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) June 4, 2015US Govs accuse #Lebanon s #Hezbollah and resistance who are most devoted national defense forces of being terrorists. 1/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US Govs are supporting terrorist, child-killer #Zionist regime. How can we negotiate and agree with such policies? 2/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US pres. said he could knock out Iran s army. Of course we neither welcome, nor begin war, but in case of war, US will leave it disgraced.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015   I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015 Via: The Blaze",0
17170,THE OBAMAS HONOR ILLEGAL STUDENTS AND TEACHERS AT A WHITE HOUSE CELEBRATION,"The White House honored hundreds of illegal students and a dozen illegal teachers at a big celebration last week. The CHAMPIONS OF CHANGE AND REACH HIGHER programs celebrate overcoming obstacles to go to college or to teach. The problem with this entire thing is that people that broke our laws and are using our tax dollars for education are being celebrated by our lawless President. That s disturbing but very typical of a leader who constantly puts illegals before legal Americans.HERE S MORE INFO ABOUT THIS EVENT: MICHELLE OBAMA FLYING COLLEGE-BOUND ILLEGALS TO D.C. FOR SPECIAL CELEBRATION HEADLINED BY A DROPOUT RAPPERWHITE HOUSE HONORS NINE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT TEACHERS INCLUDING 4 TEXANSThe entire group was flown with a companion to Washington for a celebration headlined by a college dropout rapper yes, I thought this was about education too. Obama quipped that he can t rap but likes rap anyway yep, yada, yada, yada What a tool! Just check out the picture from the event:Nice picture with the prez, huh? Can you believe how low we ve gone with goofballs like these two in the White House? It makes you want to gag.Two other attendees were two radical Obama administration appointees: Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council Cecilia Mu oz, a former senior vice president of the civil rights activist organization, the National Council of La Raza. Yes, Munoz is from the very RADICAL group that pushes for open borders.The cost to U.S. taxpayers every year to educate K-12 illegal children is HUGE:Estimated Cost of K-12 Public Education for Unaccompanied Alien Children ",0
17171,PENTAGON REQUEST DENIED: [Video] ARMED CITIZENS DEFENDING RECRUITMENT CENTERS WON’T STAND DOWN,"Ordinary citizens (many of them are proud veterans) are filling a breach left by our federal government US Navy veteran Tim Keown has been standing guard outside a recruitment center in Kentucky for a week now.Tim made the decision to guard the local recruitment center after an Islamic terrorist murdered five servicemen in Chattanooga last week. Keown also helped organize other armed guards at recruitment centers across the country.Citizen guards protect a recruitment office after the Chattanooga terrorist attack.The Pentagon released a statement on Friday asking citizens not to stand guard at the unprotected recruiting offices. But the Pentagon has no plans on changing policy that forbids servicemen and women from carrying weapons at the centers. Evidently, five dead servicemen is not enough to force change in Pentagon policy.Tim Keown says his group will remain outside the recruitment offices until the US soldiers and Marines are protected: If our government is not going to protect these men and women, who is?  Who s going to protect these gentlemen and women if we don t?  All I m asking is why can t recruiters arm themselves and protect themselves? Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17172,"APPARENTLY “NEVER AGAIN” DOESN’T RESONATE WITH MAJORITY OF JEWS IN AMERICA, As Shocking Poll Shows Majority Of Jews Are Okay With Iran Deal","This is what happens when making abortion legal becomes more important than the threat of the elimination of your faith A new poll sponsored by the Los Angeles Jewish Journal reveals that a strong plurality of American Jews support the Iran nuclear deal, 49% to 31%. That compares to much smaller support among Americans in general, who split 28% to 24% for the deal. When asked if Congress should vote for the deal, most American Jews say yes, 53% to 35% (as compared to a 41% to 38% among Americans in general). The poll included 1,000 adults, split between Jews and non-Jews, and was conducted via telephone (and cell phone) from July 16 through July 20.The results among American Jews contrast with polls among Israeli Jews, who are strongly against the Iran deal. A recent poll of Israeli Jews indicated that 78% believe the Iran deal endangers the country. A strong plurality of Israeli Jews favored a military strike against Iran, 47% to 35%. The rift, says Jewish Journal columnist Shmuel Rosner, is the  first damaging impact of a troubling agreement with Iran. One obvious reason for the split is that Israeli Jews are directly exposed to the threat of a nuclear Iran. American Jews, for whom Israel is an issue of diminishing importance, view the Iran deal primarily through the prism of domestic politics. Aside from blacks, American Jews are the most loyal supporters of President Barack Obama.Rosner notes:  Jews   like most other humans   tend to understand the world in a way that is compatible with their beliefs.If they support Obama, they believe Obama. If they believe Obama, they also believe him when he says that the deal is good for Israel s security. Rosner s conclusion is supported by one of the most interesting results of the poll: among those American Jews who  don t know  whether the Iran deal will make Israel safer, 66% favor the deal while only 8% do not.Via: Breitbart News",0
17173,"(VIDEO) REV AL SHARPTON BOTCHES THE NAME OF A FAMOUS BIBLICAL FIGURE…YES, HE’S A REVEREND..",REVEREND AL MIGHT WANT TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL OR CHURCH  ,0
17174,BOMBSHELL: Frustrated Outgoing Army General Says Obama’s Military Cuts Making Enemies More Emboldened…Iraq Didn’t Need To Collapse [VIDEO],"Outgoing Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno also said the rise of ISIS could have been stopped if Obama didn t pull out troops from IraqOdierno said in an interview with Fox News published Wednesday that it s very hard to watch Iraq implode at the hands of ISIS after the gains that were made during the Iraq War. It s frustrating to watch it,  Odierno said.  I go back to the work we did in 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 and we got it to a place that was really good. Violence was low, the economy was growing, politics looked like it was heading in the right direction. He contends that if the United States had left more troops in the region, ISIS would not have been able to capture large portions of that country or neighboring Syria. If we had stayed a little more engaged, I think maybe it might have been prevented,  Odierno told Fox News.  I ve always believed the United States played the role of honest broker between all the groups and when we pulled ourselves out, we lost that role. The outgoing Army chief says that he wanted the United States to keep 30,000-35,000 troops in Iraq, but that his recommendation was not followed. I think it would have been good for us to stay,  he said.After Mosul fell to ISIS last year, Odierno says that the White House did not contact him for input, even though he had commanded troops for a longer time there than anyone else. All my work was given to [Joint Chiefs] Chairman [Martin] Dempsey,  Odiernio told Fox News.  I never talked directly to the president about it at that time, but I talked to the secretary of defense and I m sure he relayed all of my thoughts. He said that he is also concerned about the cuts being made to the number of Army troops. In 2010, the Army had 570,000 soldiers and today there are 490,000. In my mind, we don t have the ability to deter. The reason we have a military is to deter conflict and prevent wars. And if people believe we are not big enough to respond, they miscalculate,  Odierno said.Troop levels in the Army are to fall even further, down to 450,000, based on a decision made two years ago. That number will put the Army at the fighting level it had before the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. I believed at the time we could do that,  the outgoing Army chief told Fox News.  But I said we were on the razor s edge that we could actually do our mission at 450. According to Odierno,  Two years ago, we didn t think we had a problem in Europe.   [Now] Russia is reasserting themselves. We didn t think we d have a problem again in Iraq and ISIS has emerged. So, with Russia becoming more of a threat, with ISIS becoming more of a threat, in my mind, we are on a dangerous balancing act right now with capability. When we go to 450, we are going to have to stop doing something,  he added.Odierno contends that the military cuts are making U.S. enemies more brazen. I believe they question whether we will be able to respond, and so they re willing to take maybe a bit more risk than they might have just a few years ago. Odierno said in a separate interview with reporters that he thinks it will take 10 to 20 years to defeat ISIS. Via: NewsMaxHere s a video ISIS made to mock the US Military and warn of their defeat after Obama announced his withdrawal of US troops from Iraq: ",0
17175,NEWSFLASH FOR OUR IMPERIAL PRESIDENT: STATES CAN REFUSE IRAN DEAL [Video],"As Barack Hussein Obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and John Kerry cut with Iran is somehow beneficial to the United States of America he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.The Obama administration has sent the Iran nuclear deal to Congress for a 60-day review provided by the Corker bill. However, President Barack Obama has pre-empted Congress by going to the UN Security Council first, which has already voted to end international sanctions and accept the deal. Furthermore, even if Congress rejects the deal, it will struggle to muster a two-thirds majority to override the president s veto.There is one effective way, however, that the Iran deal can be rejected: states and local governments can refuse to comply with it.That may come as a surprise. States and local governments do not play much of a role in foreign policy. However, they cannot be forced to implement an international treaty or agreement that is not self-executing i.e. one whose implementation requires new congressional laws.Thanks to the victory at the Supreme Court by then-Texas Solicitor General Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96% in Medell n v. Texas (2008), it is a settled principle in constitutional law that states cannot be forced to comply with international treaties unless Congress has passed statutes giving them effect.The Iran deal stipulates (p. 15):25. If a law at the state or local level in the United States is preventing the implementation of the sanctions lifting as specified in this JCPOA, the United States will take appropriate steps, taking into account all available authorities, with a view to achieving such implementation. The United States will actively encourage officials at the state or local level to take into account the changes in the U.S. policy reflected in the lifting of sanctions under this JCPOA and to refrain from actions inconsistent with this change in policy.The  sanctions  to which the deal refers are the array of divestment laws that have been passed in recent years to prevent pension funds and contractors from providing economic benefits to Iranian companies the Iranian regime. 30 states have passed divestment laws, roughly a dozen have passed contracting restrictions, and some have passed supplemental legislation, such as a 2012 law passed in California that applies to the state s insurance industry.Many of the states that have applied harsh restrictions on Iran, moreover, are liberal  blue  states. New York, for example, maintains a blacklist of persons  determined to be engaged in investment activities in Iran. As the state government explains further:  Once an entity appears on the list, it will be considered a non-responsive bidder/offerer and prohibited from entering into contracts with New York State or local governments.  That includes companies that are not Iranian themselves, but do business with Iran.The Iran deal lifts sanctions on some companies that appear on New York s blacklist. However, the state restrictions remain in force.The Iran deal obligates the federal government to take  appropriate steps  to cancel state and local restrictions, and requires the government to refrain from further sanctions in the future. The truth is that the federal government has no constitutional authority to do so.Divestment laws and contracting restrictions can remain in place at the state and local level until they are superseded by federal statute. The language of the Iran deal itself is not enough to constitute such statutory authority, even if the Iran deal does pass by failure to override Obama s veto.If the states want, they can add new sanctions and restrictions on Iran perhaps to replace those that the federal government is lifting, such as restrictions on Iranian engineers studying nuclear technology at American universities.The Iran deal specifies that Iran will treat  an an imposition of new nuclear-related sanctions, as grounds to cease performing its commitments.  That paragraph (27) deals with federal sanctions, but is written vaguely.That leaves great power in the states  hands to trigger the deal s collapse or force Obama to re-negotiate.Via: Breitbart News",0
17176,OBAMA’S AMERICA: INCOMING U.S. CITIZENS NO LONGER REQUIRED TO PLEDGE THEY WILL “bear arms on behalf of the United States”,"If it were up to this  President,  we wouldn t have any arms to bear U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services on Tuesday said it will no longer require incoming U.S. citizens to pledge that they will  bear arms on behalf of the United States  or  perform noncombatant service  in the Armed Forces as part of the naturalization process.Those lines are in the Oath of Allegiance that people recite as they become U.S. citizens. But USCIS said people  may  be able to exclude those phrases for reasons related to religion or if they have a conscientious objection.USCIS said people with certain religious training or with a  deeply held moral or ethical code  may not have to say the phrases as they are naturalized.The agency said people don t have to belong to a specific church or religion to use this exemption, and may attest to U.S. officials administering the oath that they have these beliefs.Via: Washington Examiner",0
17177,MUST WATCH AND SHARE VIDEO: BRIT HUME GIVES THE BEST EVER 1.5 MINUTES ON THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD SCANDAL,Brit Hume says video exposing Planned Parenthood s trafficking of fetal body parts removes  the veil of antiseptic tidiness behind which the abortion industry has for so long operated.  ,0
17178,MARK LEVIN WARNS: “Obama Just Planted The Seeds For World War III” IN EYE-OPENING VIDEO,"Mark Levin lays out Obama s one-sided, unconstitutional Iran nuke deal in this easy to understand video. In the video below, he points out the danger we, as a nation face with this reckless  President  and the cowardly Republican majority Congress who refuses to stand up to him and his radical transformation of America Obama is patting himself on the back for making what he seems to think is a great deal with our long time enemy Iran. The truth is, this deal does nothing for America and it does everything to help Iran get a nuclear bomb. The goal of this deal was to dismantle Iran s nuclear program completely, it doesn t do that. On that point alone, it s a failed deal. This deal allows Iran to continue enriching uranium, and it drops the sanctions that have been working well until this point.Also, if the U.S decides to do a  surprise  inspection, we have to give them 24 days notice! So what do we get out of this historic deal? Nothing. We get an enemy with more money and more power to build a bomb.As Mark Levin points out in this video, Obama just planted the seeds for World War III. This president has done nothing but help our enemies, and he should be convicted of treason for it. There is a reason Iranians are cheering, it s because they know that America just bowed to them. What Obama has done today goes far beyond politics, he put our lives and our children s lives at stake.Via: ViralSneak",0
17179,HEAD OF NATION’S TOP IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY THREATENS Lawlessness In Sanctuary Cities Unless Amnesty Is Passed,"Obama s ICE Director Sarah Saldana is not the only one determined to help Obama fundamentally transform America. In 2013, Border Agents pleaded with Congress to not pass the  Gang of Eight  bill. They warned that passing it would make America less safe. ICE Agents warned:The 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.WE WERE WARNEDU.S. Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, voiced his objections to Sarah Saldana s nomination in 2014 when he submitted the following remarks for the Congressional record on the nomination of Sarah Saldana as Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE): Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Sarah Saldana. Ms. Salda a has been nominated to head the nation s top immigration law enforcement agency, which has been at the epicenter of this administration s refusal to enforce our nation s immigration laws.When asked whether she rejects the President s unlawful action to unilaterally grant legal residence and work permits to 5 million individuals illegally in the country, Ms. Salda a, currently the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, responded  no.  Her answer reflects a remarkable disregard for the rule of law that demonstrates that, if confirmed, she will continue the pattern of lawlessness perpetuated by the President and the political leadership of the Department of Homeland Security.Breitbart News- President Obama s Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) director tells lawmakers that no consequences are planned for sanctuary cities until Congress first passes  comprehensive immigration reform.  Sarah Salda a testified before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on criminal alien violence.After hearing emotional testimony from families torn apart by illegal immigrant murderers, Republican members of Congress grilled two administration witnesses: Leon Rodriquez, Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), and Sarah Salda a, Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Both Rodriquez and Salda a have been tasked with carrying out President Obama s executive amnesty for so-called DREAMers, which includes work permits and medical benefits for low-income illegal aliens funded by citizen taxpayers.Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) repeatedly pressed Salda a on why the Administration was taking no action against sanctuary jurisdictions that refuse to turn over dangerous criminal aliens from their prisons and jails to federal law officers. Salda a replied that Congress would first have to pass  comprehensive immigration reform. Vitter:  This has been going on for years and you still are not prepared to say that there is ever going to be any negative consequence to those [sanctuary] jurisdictions. When is that going to change? Salda a:  I presume when you all address comprehensive immigration reform; perhaps it can be addressed there. Vitter described Salda a s answer as  ridiculous  and kept pressing:  And absent Congress passing that [Senate immigration] bill, that you and the Obama Administration prefer, you don t think right now we can stop sanctuary cities from flaunting federal law? You don t think right now there can be any negative consequences when they do not properly cooperate under existing federal law with immigration enforcement? Salda a gave a muddled reply:  That s what I understand that all of you are working on. Ironically, an immigration bill pushed by Senators Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) would have given amnesty to many of the criminal aliens the families who testified today wish to see deported. As Chris Crane, president of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council, noted at the time:Senator Rubio left unchanged legislative provisions that he himself admitted to us in private were detrimental, flawed and must be changed. Legislation written behind closed doors by handpicked special interest groups which put their political agendas and financial gains before sound and effective law and the welfare and safety of the American public. As a result, the 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.Senator Grassley offered an amendment that would that would have barred gang members, such as the notorious MS-13 gang members who have wreaked havoc across the country, from getting amnesty but that amendment was defeated in the Judiciary Committee. The final bill 68 senators voted for therefore expressly made amnesty available to gang members   an amnesty that included access to green cards, welfare and the prize of U.S. citizenship.As The Washington Post reported at the time, this was part of a coordinated effort by members of the Gang of Eight to quash amendments that might have damaged the likelihood of the bill s speedy passage:The eight met in private before each committee hearing, hashing out which amendments they would support and which oppose as a united coalition. Senate aides said amendments were rejected if either side felt they would shatter the deal.Politico confirmed this report:During the Judiciary Committee markup in May, the Gang routinely met to decide which amendments they would support or oppose. In one meeting, the senators thought they had all agreed to defeat a proposal from Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) to require a biometric exit and entry at points of entry before undocumented immigrants could secure green cards, according to one Senate Democratic aide.The day the bill passed the Senate, National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council president Ken Palinkas and president of the National ICE Council Chris Crane, who together represent more than 20,000 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees on the front line of immigration enforcement, issued this joint statement:ICE officers and USCIS adjudications officers have pleaded with lawmakers not to adopt this bill,  they wrote,  The Schumer-Rubio-Corker-Hoeven proposal will make Americans less safe and it will ensure more illegal immigration especially visa overstays in the future. It provides legalization for thousands of dangerous criminals while making it more difficult for our officers to identity public safety and national security threats. The legislation was guided from the beginning by anti-enforcement special interests and, should it become law, will have the desired effect of these groups: blocking immigration enforcement. This is anti-public safety bill and an anti-law enforcement bill.Immigration and the transformation of America is shaping up to be the most passionate issue of the 2016 race.When Governor. Scott Walker (R-WI) was question by a DREAMer during a recent campaign stop and said illegal aliens seeking to become Americans needed to return home. He also suggested at the same stop that foreign worker visas should be limited when American jobs and wages are in danger, a position that polls well with liberals and conservatives alike.Via: Breitbart News",0
17180,BEST TWEET OF THE DAY,"Why should armed civilians have to protect and defend our US military recruitment centers? Muslim terrorists have made it clear that they intend to target these brave men and women who defend our nation. Is it really too much to ask that we allow them to defend themselves?Civilians, with semi-automatic carbines, eating Chick-fil-A, guarding Marines. Up yours, @WhiteHouse. pic.twitter.com/o5FVTpSqeG  Bob Owens (@bob_owens) July 21, 2015h/t Weasel Zippers",0
17181,REMEMBER WHEN THE LEFT THOUGHT IT WAS ‘FUNNY’ TO SAY ABOUT MCCAIN: “I don’t buy the war hero thing”,"Because it was a  joke  before it was politically incorrect?Before Al Franken became a United States Senator from Minnesota, he had a long career as a comedian (save for Stuart Saves His Family), an original writer on Saturday Night Live, and later as a political radio host on Air America.During that time, and when he was writing books like Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Liar and Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right, Franken took some shots at his now-fellow senator John McCain s military service. He also made one joke in a 2000 Salon.com essay just as presidential election season started picking up steam. Here s the remark: I have tremendous respect for McCain but I don t buy the war hero thing. Anybody can be captured. I thought the idea was to capture them. As far as I m concerned he sat out the war.  Before everyone suggests Franken need to apologize just like Donald Trump should, here s why this is different: Back in 2000, Franken was not a political figure. He wasn t a sitting anything or a candidate for anything; the closest he came to political officialdom was as a revered satirist. More importantly, he even re-told the joke to McCain s face in 2004, when the senator was on Franken s own radio show.Here s how Franken s spokesperson commented on the joke:The fact that a statement came so quickly from Franken s office demonstrates that he is well-aware it is a terrible thing to say about McCain.On the other hand, Trump is not just not apologizing, he s doubling down. Because he knows we ll all keep writing about it.But hey   we all need a good clown, even if unintentional. It s a long presidential race. Via: Mediaite[h/t Politico]",0
17182,OBAMA’S RACE WAR: HATEFUL IMAGES EMERGE OF CLASH BETWEEN KKK AND BLACK PANTHERS IN SC…One Viral Photo Offers America Hope,"The fundamental transformation of America continues . But one photo emerges that defies Barack and Michelle Obama s hateful and divisive narrative.In the latest chapter of the outcry over the Confederate flag issue in South Carolina, an unexpected scene emerged from rallies involving the Ku Klux Klan and black supporters this weekend   a photo of a black police officer helping a white supremacist at the Capitol in Charleston.Members of the Loyal White Knights of the KKK were protesting the state s recent decision to remove the flag from the statehouse grounds. Black advocates held their own rally, and a clash among the two parties ensued.IN THE MIDST OF SO MUCH HATE, ONE HOPEFUL PHOTO EMERGED: It didn t take long for the photograph   taken by Rob Godfrey, the deputy chief of staff for South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley   to spread on the Internet. Not an uncommon example of humanity in SC: Leroy Smith helps white supremacist to shelter & water as heat bears down,  Godfrey wrote in posting the photo on Twitter.Officer Leroy Smith was helping the man find shade and water on a hot day in Charleston, when temperatures reached the upper 90s. About 2,000 people attended the rallies. He was assisting with crowd control on the stairs where the KKK was rallying,  spokeswoman Sherri Iacobelli said of Smith.As might be expected, the general public largely fell into one of two camps   applauding the photo, or questioning it. This kindness chokes me up. How do SC people find that well of caring in the midst of so much hatred?  one person replied in the photo s comment thread. Amazing! I couldn t find it in my heart and I am white,  another remarked. Just curious. Put this in reverse. Would that White Supremacist have done that for Officer Smith at a Black Panther rally?  countered one tweet. Being nice didn t save those 9 people [at the Charleston church shooting] though,  posted another.Thursday, Haley encouraged people to stay away from the KKK rally. The strength and grace the people of South Carolina have shown over the last three weeks have inspired our family, our neighbors and the entire world,  she wrote on her Facebook page.  Our family hopes the people of South Carolina will join us in staying away from the disruptive, hateful spectacle members of the Ku Klux Klan hope to create. Via: Breitbart News",0
17183,OBAMA RELEASES TOP IRANIAN SCIENTIST…LEAVES 4 AMERICANS TO FEND FOR THEMSELVES IN IRANIAN PRISONS As Part Of Nuke Deal,"On Wednesday Barack Obama lashed out at CBS reporter Major Garrett after he asked him about the four Americans left behind to languish in Iranian prisons.Former Marine Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini and Vahid Salemi are being held in Iranian prisons. (Breitbart)Obama was defending his nuclear deal with Iran when Garrett asked him about the US hostages in Iran.https://youtu.be/rqdVAd25CHUObama: I got to give you credit Major for how you craft those questions. the notion that I m content as I celebrate with American citizens languishing in Iranian jails.   Major, that s nonsense and you should know better.Of course, that is exactly what he did. The Obama administration did nothing to free American hostages during their talks with the Iranian regime.Now we know  Obama released a top Iranian scientist as part of the deal but left the Americans to rot in hell in Iranian prisons. The Times of Israel reported:Mojtaba Atarodi, arrested in California for attempting to acquire equipment for Iran s military-nuclear programs, was released in April as part of back channel talks, Times of Israel told. The contacts, mediated in Oman for years by close colleague of the Sultan, have seen a series of US-Iran prisoner releases, and there may be more to come.The secret back channel of negotiations between Iran and the United States, which led to this month s interim deal in Geneva on Iran s rogue nuclear program, has also seen a series of prisoner releases by both sides, which have played a central role in bridging the distance between the two nations, the Times of Israel has been told.In the most dramatic of those releases, the US in April released a top Iranian scientist, Mojtaba Atarodi, who had been arrested in 2011 for attempting to acquire equipment that could be used for Iran s military-nuclear programs.No wonder he didn t want reporters talking about it!Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17184,IRANIANS CELEBRATE NUCLEAR DEAL WITH OBAMA BY CHANTING “Death To America”,Obama is probably huddled somewhere in the White House with Kerry and Jarrett trying to figure out what more we can do to make Iran like us The main prayer service in the Iranian capital has been interrupted by repeated chants of  Death to America    despite this week s landmark nuclear deal with world powers that was welcomed by authorities in Tehran.The chanting by several hundred hard-liners came as conservative cleric Mohammad Ali Movahedi Kermani was leading the Friday prayers at the Tehran University campus.He praised Iranian nuclear negotiators for their efforts in concluding the nuclear deal and criticized the United States for its tough sanctions on Iran.Anti-U.S. chants are frequent at gatherings of hard-liners in Iran.Via: AP,0
17185,LEGAL IMMIGRATION OF MUSLIMS INVITED TO U.S. THROUGH STATE DEPT. REFUGEE PROGRAM CONTRIBUTES TO EXPLODING MUSLIM POPULATION,"Of course they have no plans to assimilate The Associated Press and NBC are now reporting that Tennessee gunman Muhammed Youssef Abdulazees was an immigrant from the Muslim nation of Kuwait.According to U.S. Census Data, the United States admits roughly 100,000 Muslim immigrants legally each year, representing the fastest growing block of immigration into the United States. Tennessee, in fact, is home to one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country, causing the President to give a recent speech there in favor of expansive immigration. The Mayor of Nashville has launched a New American Advisory Council to help facilitate the legally-sanctioned transition from the previous inhabitants of Nashville to the new ones.Both of Tennessee s Senators, Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN)  and Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), helped pass the Senate s Gang of Eight bill which would have tripled the number of green cards issued over the next ten years.Unlike illegal immigrants, legal immigrants invited into the United States with green cards are granted automatic work permits, welfare access, and the ability to become voting citizens.Pew Research has estimated that immigration will cause the population of U.S. Muslims to more than double over the next two decades from 2.6 million in 2010 to 6.2 million in 2030. This demographic change is entirely the product of legal admissions that is, it is a formal policy of the federal government adopted by Congress.Another major source of Middle Eastern immigration into the United States is done through our nation s refugee program.Every year the United Stated admits 70,000 asylees and refugees. Arabic is the most common language spoken by refugees, and 91.4 percent of refugees from the Middle East are on food stamps.The importation of Middle Eastern immigrants through the nation s refugee program has led to the development of pockets of radicalized communities throughout the United States.Minnesota, for instance, which has the largest Somali population in the country, has struggled to stem terror recruiting. The Minneapolis Star Tribune recently reported that six men from Minnesota were arrested and charged attempting to fight alongside ISIS. During the last two years alone, more than 20 Somali-Americans from Minnesota have left the U.S. to fight alongside terrorists under the banner of ISIL.Similarly, as National Review has reported,  Dearborn, Michigan is home to just under 100,000 people, about 40 percent of whom are Muslim. In 2013, a leaked government document revealed that more people from Dearborn were on the federal terrorist watch list than from any other city except New York. The head of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services Union, Kenneth Palinkas, recently warned about this very issue:  It is also essential to warn the public about the threat that ISIS will exploit our loose and lax visa policies to gain entry to the United States. Indeed, as we know from the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993, from the 9/11 terrorist attacks, from the Boston Bombing, from the recent plot to bomb a school and courthouse in Connecticut, and many other lesser-known terror incidents, we are letting terrorists into the United States right through our front door. He listed a number of terror attacks in which the attackers were immigrants voluntarily imported into the United States, including the Boston Marathon Bombing. None of these attacks would have occurred but for immigration sanctioned by the federal government.News reports show that this is similarly emerging as a problem in Florida. A recent piece in The Tampa Tribune reveals that Florida now leads the nation as the number one state resettling refugees.As one Floridian community liaison manager with Refugee Services estimated for The Tampa Tribune, Florida settles 27,000 refugees, on average, per year.According to the federal government, Florida resettled 43,184 refugees in 2013.While most of these refugees settling in Florida arrive from Cuba, many arrive from Middle Eastern countries. According to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, the next largest countries to resettle in Florida after Cuba are (in order) Iraq, Myanmar (Burma), the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, Somalia, Colombia, Afghanistan, Jordan, Pakistan, Syria, and Palestine.The Tampa Tribune reports that many of these Muslim refugees are carving out their own Muslim communities within Florida (similar to what refugees have done in Dearborn and Minneapolis):  Many of the refugees finding homes in the Tampa Bay area are Muslim because the region has an established Muslim community. The Tampa Tribune also notes that most of these refugees, precisely because they are invited in legally by our government, will go on to seek citizenship. Tampa immigration lawyer B. John Ovink told The Tampa Tribune,  Citizenship is straightforward. Once they enter as refugees or are granted asylum, they apply for permanent residency, the proof of which is a green card. It s pretty automatic unless something changes in their country of origin and they are forced to go back. But I haven t seen that happen in the 22 years I ve been practicing law. On the heels of these developments, two Republican Senators Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA) and Dan Coats (R-IN) have announced plans to substantially increase immigration from countries with large Muslim populations as a condition of a new highway bill. They are proposing to attach  highly-skilled  immigration bills from last Congress, which would expand the number of STEM workers (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) large numbers of whom come from countries with large Muslim populations like Pakistan, India and Saudi Arabia. The Tennessee killer was himself an engineering student.Similarly, presidential contender Senator Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL)  has also introduced immigration legislation that would substantially increase opportunities for Muslim immigration by creating an uncapped green card program for foreign students specializing in STEM fields while tripling the number of H-1B visas. One of the fastest growing groups of foreign students are from Saudi Arabia, helping propel the foreign student population to an all-time high.Senator Rubio s statement on the terrorist attack in Tennessee did not mention anything about Islam.Via: Breitbart News",0
17186,SEATTLE MAYOR WANTS TO HELP MUSLIMS FOLLOW SHARIA LAW BY OFFERING PLAN TO HELP BUY HOMES,"No word yet about the Mayor developing a plan to help Christians who refuse to bake wedding cakes for gays based on their religious beliefs For some Muslims, it can be hard to buy a house, and Mayor Ed Murray plans to do something about it.On Monday, Murray s housing committee released its recommendations for ways the city can increase housing in the city. Most ideas were what you d expect, including increasing the city s housing levy and implementing new rules and regulations to foster development of market-rate and lower-income housing.One suggestion would help followers of Sharia law buy houses. That s virtually impossible now because Sharia law prohibits payment of interest on loans. The 28-member committee recommended the city convene lenders and community leaders to explore options for increasing access to Sharia-compliant loan products.Based on what he called  rough anecdotal evidence,  Bukhari estimated a couple hundred people aren t borrowing money for houses due to their religion. He said this includes even high-wage earners, such as the more than 1,000 Muslims who work for Microsoft (Nasdaq: MFST) and more than 500 Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) employees.They could easily qualify for home loans but opt not to apply  simply because they don t want to pay interest,  Bukhari said.Murray will send legislation based on the committee s ideas to the City Council for consideration. During a press conference, he said he wants to help Muslims. We will work to develop new tools for Muslims who are prevented from using conventional mortgage products due to their religious beliefs,  Murray said.More and more lenders are offering Sharia-compliant financing, according to a USA Today report. The sector has grown to more than $1.6 trillion in assets worldwide over the past three decades, and analysts see potential for continued growth as the number of Muslims in the United States and Europe grows.It s unclear how many Muslims in Seattle would benefit from Murray s plan. The Washington state chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) estimates more than 30,000 Muslims live in the greater Seattle area, and Chapter Executive Director Arsalan Bukhari on Tuesday said it s  fairly common  for some not to seek loans. Via: Biz Journals",0
17187,OBAMA TAKES LEGALLY BINDING DRAFT TO UN SECURITY COUNCIL TO ENSURE NEXT PRESIDENT CAN’T UNDO IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL,"Our current  President  must have staff working around the clock finding ways to circumvent Congress Last March, 47 Republicans led by Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas wrote a letter warning Iran s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, that a future U.S. president could legally revoke any nuclear deal that had been negotiated by Barack Obama s administration with the stroke of a pen. They clearly didn t realize that the White House has a way of making that much harder to do.The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, on Monday circulated a legally binding draft to the 15-member U.N. Security Council that, if adopted, would give the body s backing to the landmark nuclear pact trading billions of dollars in sanctions relief for greater international scrutiny of Iran s nuclear energy program. It also instructs states to refrain from taking any actions that would undermine the agreement. The 14-page draft resolution, obtained by Foreign Policy, is likely to be put to a vote by early next week.The decision to take the deal to the Security Council before the U.S. Congress has concluded its own deliberations on the agreement places lawmakers in the uncomfortable position of potentially breaching a binding resolution by voting down the deal. The strategy has infuriated some Republican lawmakers, who see the administration making an end run around Congress.During a Tuesday phone call to Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) pressed him to put off a Security Council vote.  I urged that the Obama administration not seek action at the U.N. Security Council on the agreement before Congress can review it in detail during the legislatively mandated congressional review period,  Royce said in a statement.Congress is currently weighing whether to accept or reject the deal brokered by the United States, Iran, and five world powers. Under the terms of a U.S. law passed this year, lawmakers can prevent the president from lifting congressional sanctions on Iran, which would blow up the landmark nuclear deal.However, if a resolution is approved by the Security Council early next week, any president, Democrat or Republican, would be legally bound to enforce its terms. If Congress were to veto the deal, Congress   the United States of America   would be in noncompliance with this agreement and contrary to all of the other countries in the world. I don t think that s going to happen,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters Tuesday.Kerry suggested that the nuclear accord will likely win growing acceptance in Washington if Iran fully implements its obligations and is able to demonstrate  that they re not able or ready to make a bomb. I am convinced that whoever is our next president will see the wisdom of this agreement and they will leave it in place,  he added.On Capitol Hill, there are currently two schools of thought about the wisdom of taking a resolution to the U.N. Security Council prior to a vote in Congress.For some Republicans, the move is a dangerous subjugation of U.S. sovereignty and an insult to Congress s oversight role. Given that huge bipartisan majorities in both houses voted for legislation to prevent the president from implementing the agreement before congressional review, I think members from both sides of the aisle will see this tactic as an end run on Congress,  said Jamil Jaffer, a Republican and former chief counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.Others, even those skeptical of a deal, prefer that the U.N. take action first so that Congress can better understand the accord it s approving or rejecting. It actually makes sense that we would go second because then we ll know what we re voting on,  said a congressional aide who focuses on the Iran nuclear portfolio.  If we went first, we d be in the uncomfortable position of approving something that could change depending on what s agreed on at the U.N. Indeed, the United States and its negotiating partners have not included some of the most controversial provisions   for instance, a decision to lift an embargo on conventional weaponry in five years and ease restrictions on the development and import of ballistic missile technology in eight years   in the nuclear accord that will be reviewed by Congress. Instead, those provisions are embedded in the new U.N. Security Council resolution, which congressional critics of the deal will have no power to block.The new draft resolution provides weaker restrictions on Iran s ballistic missile program than those contained in previous resolutions, which banned Iran from undertaking  any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.  The draft under consideration would only  call upon  Iran not to engage in such activities. It also includes no explicit prohibition on Iran s development or import of conventional missile technology. That means Iran can continue to advance its conventional ballistic missile program without violating the terms set by the U.N. Security Council.But acquiring foreign supplies for its missile program will still be constrained by the deal. A U.S. administration official familiar with the deliberations noted that the draft requires that any company trying to supply Iran with missile-related technology seek approval from a committee composed of representatives from key powers, including the United States. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Washington would use its position to  veto  the import of any sensitive missile technology into Iran.  The practical effect  of the new resolution is to preserve the same prohibitions contained in existing resolutions, said the official.  It prohibits effectively any transfer of missile technology, conventional or nuclear. According to an individual familiar with the talks, the compromise on the arms embargo and ballistic missile sanctions came at the eleventh hour of negotiations in Vienna. Iran, backed by Russia, insisted that a final deal lift all restrictions on conventional arms and ballistic missiles immediately. Seeking to break the impasse, Kerry  did some maneuvering between the Iranians and Russians and got it to a five-eight compromise,  meaning the conventional-arms embargo would be in effect for another five years and restrictions on ballistic missile technology would extend for eight years rather than lift immediately.  This was a Kerry special,  said the individual.Prior to the conclusion of the nuclear talks, Republicans such as New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte grilled Obama administration officials about the dangers of lifting sanctions on Iran that deter it from obtaining conventional weapons or ballistic missiles.Responding to a question from Ayotte last week, Gen. Martin Dempsey, the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that  under no circumstances should we relieve pressure on Iran relative to ballistic missile capabilities and arms trafficking. When Dempsey s remarks were raised during a press conference with Obama on Wednesday, the president pushed back, saying,  We are not taking the pressure off Iran with respect to arms and with respect to ballistic missiles. Instead, the president asserted, the new resolution would keep those restrictions in place while leaving Washington with a  host of other multilateral and unilateral authorities that allow us to take action where we see Iran engaged in those activities, whether it s six years from now or 10 years from now,  he said.Via: FP",0
17188,BENGHAZI SPOKESLIAR SUSAN RICE TELLS CNN: ‘We should expect’ Iran To Use Funds It Gets For Terrorist Operations [VIDEO],"Tell us Susan what s worse, Iran with a nuclear weapon and billions of dollars to help fund muslim terrorists or Iran with a nuclear weapon and frozen assets? President Obama s National Security Advisor, Susan Rice, told CNN s Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday that  we should expect  Iran to use the money it gets under sanctions relief for military and even terrorist operations.As part of Obama s nuclear agreement with Iran, tens of billions of dollars frozen as part of the sanctions on Iran will be released over time   provided Iran complies with a list of deadlines outlined in the agreement. What do we think they ll spend that money on? We think, for the most part, they re going to need to spend it on the Iranian people and their economy which has tanked,  she told Blitzer.Of course, murderous regimes like Iran don t generally limit themselves to domestic infrastructure projects and welfare schemes, which Rice quickly acknowledged. But yes, it is real, it is possible, and, in fact, we should expect that some portion of that money would go to the Iranian military and could potentially be used for the kinds of bad behavior that we have seen in the region up until now,  she said.By  bad behavior  Rice is presumably referring to Iran s funding of terrorist organizations, and its expanding military operations throughout areas such as Yemen.Despite the fact that the Obama administration fully expects Iran to use its newly released billions to fund terrorism, Rice told Blitzer those concerns didn t play an important role in negotiations. The goal here, Wolf, was never, and was not designed to prevent them from engaging in bad behavior in the region. They re doing that today,  she said.  The goal is to ensure that they don t have a nuclear weapon, and therefore, when they are engaging in that bad behavior, are that much more dangerous. Rice s acknowledgement of Iran s bad faith might not bother the administration, but it is likely to cause a little concern in congress.After all, Iran s  bad behavior  is a pretty good indication that the murderous regime in Tehran has no intention of cleaning up its act   which makes it somewhat hard to trust they will abide by an Obama sponsored agreement.Via: BizPacReview",0
17189,OBAMA WILL GIVE AWAY FREE INTERNET (To Those He Deems Worthy) : “The internet is not a luxury”,"Don t turn off your paid internet service quite yet. If you have a job and contribute to our tax base, you won t qualify. You also have to be living in cities the Obama regime considers worthy of free internet service. Those cities have likely provided some form of support for Obama s radical agenda for America.Because internet service is a human right or something like that Calling the Internet a 21st century necessity, President Barack Obama on Wednesday unveiled a program to bring faster Internet connections to more low-income households, particularly to help students living in public and assisted housing stay ahead in school.Under ConnectHome, the public, private and nonprofit sectors have pledged to work together to provide high-speed connections and digital devices to more families at lower cost.More than 90 percent of households headed by a college graduate have Internet access, Obama said. But fewer than half of low-income households have similar access.In this day and age, Obama said the  digital divide  puts these individuals at a disadvantage by limiting their educational and economic opportunities because the Internet is increasingly needed to find a job, finish homework or keep in touch with family and friends. In this digital age, when you can apply for a job, take a course, pay your bills   with a tap of your phone, the Internet is not a luxury. It s a necessity,  Obama said in Durant, Oklahoma, on the first day of a two-day visit to the state. You cannot connect with today s economy without having access to the Internet,  he said.ConnectHome is similar to ConnectEd, a federal program that Obama said is on track to wire 99 percent of K-12 classrooms and libraries with high-speed Internet by the end of 2017.ConnectHome will begin in 27 cities and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, which is headquartered in Durant. With about 200,000 members spread across much of southeastern Oklahoma, the Choctaw Nation is the nation s third-largest Native American tribe.The Choctaw Nation was also among the administration s first  Promise Zones,  a designation that makes it eligible for tax incentives and grants to help fight poverty.The only federal money expected to be spent on ConnectHome is a $50,000 Agriculture Department grant to the Choctaw Nation, officials said.The 27 cities the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development selected for ConnectHome are: Albany, Georgia; Atlanta; Baltimore; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Boston; Camden, New Jersey; Cleveland; Denver; Durham, North Carolina; Fresno, California; Kansas City, Missouri; Little Rock, Arkansas; Los Angeles; Macon, Georgia; Memphis, Tennessee; Meriden, Connecticut; Nashville, Tennessee; New Orleans; New York; Newark, New Jersey; Philadelphia; Rockford, Illinois; San Antonio; Seattle; Springfield, Massachusetts; Tampa, Florida; and the District of Columbia.Obama was spending the night in Oklahoma and on Thursday continuing a weeklong focus on making the criminal justice system fairer.He planned to meet Thursday with law enforcement officials and inmates during a historic tour of the El Reno Federal Correctional Institution, a medium-security facility west of Oklahoma City that holds about 1,300 male offenders.  I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison,  Obama said in a speech Tuesday to the NAACP meeting in Philadelphia.",0
17190,FAMILY THREATENED AT GUNPOINT FOR DISPLAYING CONFEDERATE FLAG ON PRIVATE PROPERTY…Police Let Suspect Go [Video],"Nothing says tolerance like putting a loaded gun to a strangers head because you disagree with the flag they re holding A family was threatened at gunpoint for waving the Confederate flag on their own private property in another illustration of how controversy surrounding the flag is only driving more animosity.The incident occurred on Monday night in Moseley, Virginia while the family was expressing their First Amendment right by waving the flag in their own driveway next to a busy highway. A man driving an SUV pulled into the driveway, took out his gun, chambered a round, pointed it at the family and started yelling. He slammed on the brakes and when he got right beside me, he pulled out a gun, chambered a round and told me my cause wasn t worth anything now,  Mark Wilson told CBS 6.  He got out of the car and took three steps towards me and the gun was maybe six inches off my head. Wilson said he was concerned that the gunman would shoot his children. 46-year-old James Baker was later arrested by police for brandishing a weapon. Baker dubiously claimed that the family had threatened his life. This is a busy highway and he is in a vehicle going 70 miles per hour, how are we threatening him by walking across?  said Wilson, who called for Baker to be sent to jail. The police went and investigated it and they let him go, he admitted everything and they just let him go,  added Wilson.Baker is in court on September 3 facing a class one misdemeanor charge.Wilson asserted that his decision to fly the flag is founded on a desire to express pride in his southern heritage and has nothing to do with racism. I m not gonna be scared away from people that are acting ignorant and trying to act violent when it s not a violent thing. This shouldn t be a race thing, it should be a heritage thing,  Wilson told NBC 12.The nature of the confrontation clearly illustrates how the gunman had a political gripe with the family displaying the Confederate flag, which has become a target for irate leftists in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.On Monday we reported on the new viral Twitter craze called #NoFlaggingChallenge which Black Lives Matter supporters are using to encourage Americans to violate people s private property rights and steal Confederate flags being displayed on privately owned homes and vehicles.Given that the flags are predominantly displayed in southern states where private ownership of firearms is common, many on social media are warning that the stunt could end up with people being shot dead.Via: Infowars",0
17191,"MOOCH’S TRIP TO CHINA RAN TAXPAYERS MORE THAN $360,000…FOR AIR TRAVEL ALONE","The whole premise of promoting education is such a crock. If Mooch wants to promote education then she should stay in the U.S. and go to the inner cities to send her message. It s pretty obvious to anyone with half a brain that her trips to promote education are a front for lavish getaways for her kids and mom.Michelle Obama s trip to China last year ran taxpayers more than $360,000 on air transportation alone, according to records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force.The First Lady, who was accompanied by her daughters and her mother, embarked on the trip in March 2014. Judicial Watch later filed a Freedom of Information Act Request for details on its costs June 19, 2014. More than a year later, they ve finally obtained the records. According to the newly released records, the transportation costs for the seven-day trip to China were based on a flight cost of $11,092 per hour for the Obama family, and support personnel in a C-32A presidential aircraft,  Judicial Watch writes.  The $362,523.53 air travel expense tab for the Obama entourage was more than 225 times what the average American family spends on an entire week-long vacation. Judicial Watch notes that despite the trip being said to forward an education agenda, the Obama family also did their fair share of sightseeing.Read more: WFB",0
17192,OBAMA’S ARROGANCE: WATCH As He Admonishes Reporter For Asking If He Was “Content” With 4 Americans Held In Iran Jail [VIDEO],"Being called out for his utter incompetence as a leader by the press is not something Obama is used to CBS News s Major Garrett asked President Obama at a press conference Wednesday if he was  content  with four Americans held in Iranian jails while his administration celebrated the nuclear deal.  Can you tell the country, sir, why you are content with all the fanfare around this deal to leave the conscious of this nation, the strength of this nation unaccounted for in relation to these four Americans?  Garrett asked. That s nonsense and you should know better,  Obama bit back.  Nobody s  content  and our diplomats and our teams are working diligently to try to get them out. Garrett later brushed off the scolding on CBS s news streaming network, saying,  Clearly, it struck a nerve. That was my intention Was it provocative? Yes. Was it intended to be as such? Absolutely. The Daily Beast s Shane Harris reported yesterday that the Americans came up during negotiations over Iran s nuclear program.  We believe very strongly that this is an opportunity for Iran to let the Americans come home,  an administration official said.Via: The Daily Beast",0
17193,FOREIGN BORN ALIEN WITH 4 FELONIES ARRESTED FOR BRUTAL BEATING AND RAPE OF WOMEN WHO WAS HELPING HIM,"The consequences of a failure to control immigration in America A foreign-born alien who sought help with his immigration papers has been arrested for the alleged brutal beating and rape of the woman who was helping him. Zenen Alvarez-Alguezabal, is behind bars in Seneca, South Carolina and has four previous felony convictions in the United States. It is currently unclear how the man had immigration papers, considering he had four felonies that spanned South Carolina, Texas, California, and Washington state. The victim told police she pretended to pass out, then when Alvarez passed out, she ran to her apartment without pants or shoes and called her son who reported the incident,  reported local FoxCarolina.com.  The victim had bruises on her face, along with scratches on her hands and the back of her neck. The victim was transported by ambulance to a hospital.  Their report stated:Police said they arrived at Alvarez s home and found a handgun on the sofa. Police also located a gold earring and a pair of women s pants.The victim said she had tried to help Alvarez get his immigration papers in order, according to an incident report.The victim told police she went to the restroom and when she returned found Alvarez naked. She tried to leave, but Alvarez struck her in the face and assaulted her, according to police.The victim pushed the alarm on her car key and Alvarez threatened to kill her if she called the police, according to the police report.Via: Breitbart News",0
17194,(VIDEO) NAACP WANTS GEORGIA CONFEDERATE MONUMENT REMOVED FROM STONE MOUNTAIN: “THOSE GUYS NEED TO GO”,"The Atlanta NAACP is totally over the top on this demand: Those guys need to go. They can be sand-blasted off, or somebody could carefully remove a slab of that and auction it off to the highest bidder,  said NAACP Atlanta branch President Richard Rose.The Atlanta chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People called Monday for the removal of the 90- by 190-foot carving of three Confederate leaders, Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson, from the side of Stone Mountain, television station WSB reported Tuesday. Those guys need to go. They can be sand-blasted off, or somebody could carefully remove a slab of that and auction it off to the highest bidder,  NAACP Atlanta branch President Richard Rose told WSB:  Stone Mountain Park is a state park of Georgia about 30 minutes outside Atlanta and the sculpture in question is part of what s described as the  largest high relief sculpture in the world.  The sculpture was dedicated by Vice President Spiro Agnew in 1970 and finished in 1972.A spokesman for Stone Mountain Park told WSB any change or removal of the monument is up to the Georgia legislature.The call for the massive carving s removal comes on the heels of the removal of the Confederate flag from the statehouse grounds in South Carolina. The legislature voted to remove the flag after a 21-year-old white supremacist, who was repeatedly photographed posing with the Confederate flag, was charged with killing nine worshippers at one of the state s oldest black churches.VIA: TPM",0
17195,KING OBAMA THREATENS CONGRESS TO NOT MESS WITH IRAN DEAL: Will Congress Have Will To Pull White Flag From Obama’s Hands? [Video], Tough talk from Washington does not solve problems  says our Thug in Chief as he threatens Congress not to cross him on this dangerous Iran deal Here is why FOX News  Britt Hume says Obama doesn t need to sell this Iran deal to Congress:,0
17196,“Not a word”…That’s What The Parents Of Beautiful Young Woman Murdered By Illegal Alien In Sanctuary City Have Heard From White House [VIDEO],"Kate Steinle is the  wrong race, and she was killed by someone Obama is advocating for. If they can only get FOX News to stop reporting about it, this whole nightmare for Obama s executive amnesty/votes for Democrats program will go away The parents of Kathryn Steinle said Monday in a cable television news interview that they support a proposal to give mandatory prison time to deported people who return to the U.S. illegally. Steinle, 32, was walking along a waterfront in San Francisco when she was shot by a gun allegedly fired by Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, a Mexican national who was in the country illegally. Steinle s brother also appeared on Fox and revealed to Megyn Kelly that the White House hasn t even bothered to reach out to the family. Not heard a word,  Brad Steinle said. Instead, he said,  we find solace in the fact that Kate was doing what she loved and she was with the man she loved the most, my dad. WATCH VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BILL O REILLY HERE:Sanchez, 45, who has pleaded not guilty, had been released from jail months before the shooting, despite a federal immigration order asking local authorities to hold him.Jim Steinle and Liz Sullivan, of Pleasanton, California, were interviewed by Fox News talk-show host Bill O Reilly for a Monday segment on The O Reilly Factor.The death of their daughter has fueled a national debate on immigration, with advocates of stricter border control and even some Bay Area Democrats denouncing San Francisco as a city whose immigrant  sanctuary  protections harbor people who are in the country illegally.Supporters of sanctuary protections have jumped on O Reilly and others for politicizing the death. They say public safety is improved when immigrants can work with local police without fear of deportation.Steinle, who was at his daughter s side when she was shot, and his wife said the proposed  Kate s Law  would be a good way to keep her memory alive. O Reilly is collecting signatures for the petition, which would impose a mandatory five years in federal prison for people who are deported and return. We feel the federal, state and cities their laws are here to protect us,  Jim Steinle said.  But we feel that this particular set of circumstances and the people involved, the different agencies let us down. It ll be a legacy in her name and her death would not go unnoticed. The grieving parents said failings at multiple levels of government led to Sanchez being freed, but they re tired of finger-pointing.  Ff  Kate s Law  saves one person, then it s all for good,  said Steinle.Federal records show Sanchez had been deported three times before being sentenced to more than five years in federal prison. He had completed another four years in federal prison when he was shipped to San Francisco March 26 on an outstanding 1995 drug charge.The San Francisco District Attorney s office declined to prosecute, given the age of the case and the small amount of marijuana involved.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17197,TRUMP EXPOSES TRUTH ABOUT WHY U.S. STATE DEPT CHOOSES MUSLIM SYRIAN REFUGEES OVER CHRISTIANS [Video],"It s not just Trump who s exposing the truth about the hundreds of thousands of muslims being sent to our country where they have no intention of assimilating. Expert Ann Corcoran tells us the truth about why our State Dept. is bringing mostly muslims over here in video below. Over the past several years Syrian Christians have been desperately trying to smuggle themselves out of Syria as ISIS tells them to convert or die.The Obama White House sa far has ignored their desperate plight.It is also widely known that Barack Obama has been absent as thousands of Iraqi and Syria minority populations have been persecuted and slaughtered by ISIS.Today in Las Vegas Donald Trump attacked the Obama administration s policies that have allowed thousands of Syrian Muslims in the country while Christians from Syria suffer.https://youtu.be/KdmTpHE7ZoUIf you re worried Donald may not have his facts straight on this issue, listen to our friend and expert on the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement Program, Ann Corcoran explain how it works. You will be SHOCKED:",0
17198,EXPLODING AFRICAN REFUGEE POPULATION STRESSING WELFARE SYSTEM IN MINNESOTA Are Sending Millions Of Dollars Back To Africa,"It s not just the our open southern borders we need to be concerned about. It s our State Department who seems to be hell-bent on populating our states with refugees from mostly muslim nations in Africa and the Middle East.This is one of those feel-good stories about how Minnesota is such a wonderful state with its ever-expanding African migrant population. If you are a Minnesotan it s probably a good thing to read.However, I caution readers on the numbers. The TwinCities Pioneer Press reports that there are about 85,000 Somalis in the whole US and that just isn t so the number is much larger. We painstakingly researched the numbers for just those entering the US through the refugee program and came up with over 100,000 in the last 25 years and that doesn t include a couple generations now of producing children. See this early post.You will see mention in the story that when census takers come around, the Africans are less than truthful about how many are living at the location.From TwinCities Pioneer Press:Of the 50 states, Minnesota has the ninth-largest population of African immigrants. About 60 percent come from East African nations such as Somalia and Ethiopia, and 25 percent from West African nations such as Nigeria and Liberia. The rest come from elsewhere in Africa.Of more than 85,700 Somalis officially known to reside in the U.S., nearly a third are thought to reside in Minnesota.Corrie, a professor at Concordia University in St. Paul, believes the state s African population produces $14 million in philanthropy within Minnesota each year, on top of $150 million in annual remittances to countries in Africa.I don t know why this is considered a good thing sending money out of America that will never benefit our economy!Some of the  smart  people on our side should get to work doing studies that will show the real picture including how much welfare is consumed by the immigrants, how costly is their medical care and education, the cost to the criminal justice system, and include an analysis of where the money goes!I m starting to think that glowing reports about how immigrants benefit the local economy include the money flowing into a state like Minnesota from the federal tax payer via welfare programs. Someone needs to find out!By the way, I don t see any mention in the Pioneer Press story about the fact that half of the state s Somalis live in poverty, here. Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchThe State Department has helped to relocate tens of thousands of refugees from the war-torn African nation of Somalia to Minnesota, where they can take advantage of some of America s most generous welfare and charity programs.But the effort is having the unintended consequence of creating an enclave of immigrants with high unemployment that is both stressing the state s safety net and creating a rich pool of potential recruiting targets for Islamist terror groups. Via: Washington Times ",0
17199,THIS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT IS YET ANOTHER REASON NOT TO VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON,"Another turn left for the Hillster so no school choice and no teacher accountability. Would you vote for someone who favors the Union over your kids? So much for liberating poor kids from failing schools While the media chase the Bernie Sanders rallies, keep your eye on the political crowds that matter. On Saturday the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) endorsed Hillary Clinton 16 months before Election Day.This counts in the fight for the Democratic Party nomination because the 1.6 million member union boasts it can make a million phone calls and knock on 500,000 doors. Bernie s Birkenstock irregulars can t match that political power and money.The endorsement is even more notable as another sign of Hillary s left political turn. Democrats in New York and elsewhere have been debating education reform, but by embracing the AFT Mrs. Clinton is choosing the union status quo that opposes school choice and teacher accountability.Via: WSJ",0
17200,(VIDEO) CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE: DEBT HEADED TO 103% OF GDP – LAST SEEN AT END OF WWII,"CBO DIRECTOR:  How long the nation could sustain such growth in federal debt is impossible to predict with any confidence. At some point, investors would begin to doubt the government s willingness or ability to meet its debt obligations, requiring it to pay much higher interest costs in order to continue borrowing money. Such a fiscal crisis would present policymakers with extremely difficult choices and would probably have a substantial negative impact on the country.  ",0
17201,CHINESE IMMIGRANT OWES MILLIONS FOR SELLING COUNTERFEIT GOODS IN U.S. GETS Protection From Chinese Banks And U.S. Citizenship,"Counterfeiting is illegal by the way and shouldn t be rewarded with American citizenship This could be the story of an American dream. An immigrant family builds a successful business and buys a four-bedroom house in a quiet neighborhood with good schools for their young son. But not all is as it seems on the steep, curving streets of San Diego s Rancho Penasquitos.A 45-year-old Chinese woman, Xu Ting, lives in a brown shingle house with a weedy driveway. She has been sued for counterfeiting by eight luxury brands, including Gucci and Louis Vuitton, and owes Chanel Inc. $6.9 million in damages. None of this has stopped her from becoming a legal permanent resident of the United States and achieving a comfortable suburban life.China is not the only country with a counterfeiting problem. Most fakes are made in China, but they are sold in America. Counterfeiting is not a priority on par with drug smuggling or money laundering, and is rarely prosecuted as a crime. The lack of legal cooperation with China makes it easy for counterfeiters to move their money beyond the reach of Western law enforcement   and hard to root out counterfeiting kingpins. As long as counterfeiters can stay out of jail and hold on to their profits   and consumers continue to buy   the trade in fakes will likely thrive.Despite spending millions on brand protection, companies often end up playing whack-a-mole, shutting down producers and distributors of fakes, only to see them pop up again. Xu Ting simply refused to show up in court over the years. Instead, doing graduate studies in statistics at San Diego State University, helped her family amass at least $890,000 in bank accounts back in China, and bought the $585,000 Rancho Penasquitos house with her husband, who has also been involved in selling counterfeit luxury goods, public records and court cases in China and the U.S. show. There s a million ways to game the system,  said Dan Plane, an intellectual property lawyer at Simone IP Services in Hong Kong, who is not involved in litigation against Xu Ting.  Probably the only thing that s going to stop her is when she passes away   probably on an island resort somewhere   or if she gets arrested. FINDING XU TINGIn the web of lies that counterfeiters weave   fake names, fake addresses, fake Internet domain registrations   one thing is always true: their bank account information.The need to get paid is the counterfeiter s fatal flaw, and Xu Ting s bank accounts were the first crack in her armor of misdirection.Her legal troubles began in 2008, when a federal judge in California ordered Xu Ting   who declined multiple requests for comment for this story   to pay Chanel Inc. $6.9 million in damages for selling counterfeits online. She still hasn t paid the damages, according to Chanel spokeswoman Kathrin Schurrer. The essential point for Chanel is really shutting down the counterfeiting operations, which we did successfully,  Schurrer wrote in an email.But after the lawsuit, Xu Ting s business continued to grow.In 2009, a Florida judge ruled against Xu Ting and shut down seven websites she was accused of helping run that sold fake Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs and Celine. She did not show up in court.That case didn t stop her either.The next year, Gucci, Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta and Yves Saint Laurent   all brands belonging to France s Kering group   filed a lawsuit in New York federal court against Xu Ting, her future husband, her younger brother, her mother and six others who the companies said sold more than $2 million worth of fake handbags and wallets online to U.S. customers. Gucci alleges that the group shipped merchandise from China to a house in San Diego, where it was repackaged and passed off as genuine.Four days after the suit was filed, Xu Ting married a Chinese man, Xu Lijun, a civil engineer licensed in California who is six years her junior, according to her marriage license issued in the San Diego suburb of El Cajon.Gucci subpoenaed banking records. JP Morgan Chase handed over account records with a wealth of information about the couple: addresses, dates of birth, driver s license, Social Security and passport numbers and a student identification card.In November 2010, Xu Lijun reached a settlement with Gucci   the only defendant to do so. He denied wrongdoing but agreed to let Gucci keep $400,000 in counterfeiting proceeds seized from accounts outside China. He also agreed to pay a $7,500 fine, according to a copy of the judge s order.Eric Siegle, a New York City lawyer who represented Xu Lijun, said he was  a small-time nobody,  and that Gucci s lawsuit, like many others, failed to tackle the real powers behind the operation. The people they are arresting or suing here in the United States are low-level people,  Siegle said.  If you can find where the money is going, you can get to the heart of the problem. It s like the drug wars. Why are we arresting all these kids on street corners? But Gucci, which is seeking $12 million in damages, couldn t find where the money was going because Chinese banks, including the state-run Bank of China, refused to disclose transaction details about the counterfeiters  accounts in China. BOC cannot comply with such orders without violating Chinese law,  the Bank of China said in an email. GREEN CARD? NO PROBLEMXu Ting s legal troubles did not prevent her from getting a green card. In February 2014, she became a legal permanent resident by virtue of being married to someone with an advanced degree or  extraordinary ability,  according to the person familiar with the matter.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services spokesman Christopher Bentley declined to comment, citing privacy concerns.Dan Kowalski, an immigration attorney and editor of Bender s Immigration Bulletin, said immigration officials may not have known about Xu Ting s legal problems but, more likely, didn t consider them disqualifying. Grounds for denying a green card range from committing a serious crime to having communicable disease but there s nothing about civil liabilities.  A vaguer requirement for  good moral character  is more commonly applied for citizenship, not legal residence.In the U.S., most counterfeiting prosecutions are civil cases brought by companies seeking to shut down websites selling fakes and get financial compensation. Criminal cases, which lawyers say are a far more effective deterrent, are rare. A person is more likely to be struck by lightning than imprisoned for counterfeiting,  said Geoffrey Potter, an intellectual property lawyer at New York s Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler.In an email, Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said,  Large-scale commercial counterfeiting is one of the top enforcement priorities of the department s Intellectual Property Task Force, which continues to have a number of significant prosecutions. The Department of Homeland Security seized $1.2 billion worth of fakes at U.S. borders last year, but the Justice Department filed just 91 criminal cases for selling counterfeit goods and services in fiscal year 2014. By comparison, the Justice Department filed 22,530 cases for immigration violations, 12,184 cases for drug-related offenses and 12,509 violent crime cases during the same period.The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center, a multiagency group led by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, reports slightly more counterfeit-related crime   683 arrests, 454 indictments, 461 convictions in the 2014 fiscal year   because its tally includes local prosecutions and counterfeit-related activity, like wire fraud.Decisions about whether to prosecute criminally typically start with a U.S. attorney s office, whose priorities vary by district, said Bruce Foucart, director of the multiagency group. Some may give weight to the volume of faked goods, others to the suspect s history. If the U.S. attorney s office declines a case, investigators try to persuade local prosecutors.China is the largest source country for seized counterfeit goods, and apparel and accessories are the largest category of merchandise. Foucart, who didn t know about Xu Ting, said luxury goods are typically made in Guangzhou and sent by container or courier like FedEx to the U.S. They may be sold in stores or flea markets but are usually hawked online. Unfortunately, once you shut one (website) down, they have 10 more ready to open up in a different name,  said Foucart.Brand owners also bear responsibility. Government agencies often rely on them for tips and investigative legwork.U.S. law gives companies broad powers to enforce court judgments. Unpaid judgments accrue interest and last for 20 years, said Potter, the intellectual property lawyer. Even a bankruptcy won t erase the debt.  The counterfeiter can t own a business, buy a house, have a bank account or borrow money from a bank,  Potter said.  If the counterfeiter takes a regular job, the judgment holder can garnish her wages. But doing the kind of work required to root out debtors like Xu Ting   public records searches to see whether they own real estate, subpoenaing credit card bills to track spending habits, hiring investigators to determine whether they have jobs   takes relentless commitment, and money.Via: AP ",0
17202,WALMART WILL MELT CLASS RINGS WITH CONFEDERATE FLAG: [Video] Refuses To Fulfill Order For Arkansas Woman…Will Refund Payment,"An Arkansas woman who went to pick up the class ring she ordered from Walmart left disappointed, after store officials told her the retailer s new policy barred them from turning the item over   because it bore an image of the Confederate flag.Elaine Glidewell told KFSM someone from the store in Fort Smith called her to pick up the ring she d ordered for her nephew, but when she arrived on Tuesday, a clerk told her she couldn t have it. The ring had been ordered before Walmart stopped selling items bearing images of the flag, in the wake of controversy that stemmed from a racially-charged shooting in South Carolina. I wanted to cry,  Glidewell told KFSM, adding that the store clerk said the ring would be  melted. Glidewell said she paid $320 for the ring and was going to present it to her nephew, who recently graduated. He had expressed interest in a design that bore a Rebel mascot that incorporates the Confederate battle flag. She got her money back, but no ring. They wouldn t let me have the ring. It had a note on it, was in a plastic bag, it said do not sell. It was signed by the store manager,  Glidewell said.Brian Nick, spokesman for Walmart, told FoxNews.com Glidewell was denied the ring because her transaction came after the retailer made a  business decision  to stop selling items with the Confederate flag on it.Via: FOX News",0
17203,BREAKING: OPM DIRECTOR RESIGNS AFTER HACK – IS THERE MORE TO THIS STORY?,"Something isn t right here besides the 22 million people who ve had their personal information exposed to the world. This woman did an bout face in 24 hours and resigned. Could there be something more to this story? Keep your eye on this story The embattled director of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) has resigned, bowing to mounting pressure from Capitol Hill for her to step aside over a devastating government hack.Katherine Archuleta stepped down a day after she revealed that multiple breaches at her agency had exposed more than 22 million people s sensitive information.President Obama accepted her resignation Friday morning, according to a White House official. Her resignation is effective at the close of business. I conveyed to the President that I believe it is best for me to step aside and allow new leadership to step in, enabling the agency to move beyond the current challenges and allowing the employees at OPM to continue their important work,  Archuleta said in a statement.  Leading this agency has been the highlight of my career. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Archuleta resigned  of her own volition  and not under pressure from the president.She realized the agency s leadership  required a manager with a set of specialized skills and experiences,  Earnest said.Read more: The Hill",0
17204,OUTRAGEOUS! MEMPHIS VOTES TO DIG UP CONFEDERATE GENERAL AND WIFE,"THE CLEANSING OF OUR HISTORY CONTINUES What the heck is wrong with the city of Memphis???Late Tuesday, the Memphis, Tennessee, City Council voted unanimously to dig up the remains of Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest and his wife, Talking Points Memo reported Wednesday. The council also voted to remove a statue placed in Forrest s honor. The move came after Mayor A.C. Wharton called for the bodies to be dug up and relocated.Tuesday s vote is not the end of the story, however. According to WREG, the Chancery Court would also have to approve the removal of the remains and Forrest s family would also be involved in the decision.Forrest and his wife are currently buried beneath a statute honoring the general in a park which had been named after him until two years ago. The park is now known as Memphis  Health Sciences Park.Officials with Elmwood Cemetery   the location of Forrest s original resting place   said they would be willing to help move the remains but said they did not want to become the new home of the statue. It is not known where the statue would go if the Tennessee Historic Commission approves its removal. The commission is not set to meet before October. It is no longer politically correct to glorify someone who was a slave trader, someone who was a racist, on public property,  said City Council member Myron Lowery. WREG said Lowery spearheaded the effort to remove Forrest, his wife and the statue. The move to relocate Forrest is part of what many now see as a Stalinist effort to purge U.S. history after the tragic shooting in a Charleston, South Carolina church that left nine dead.Not everyone is celebrating the vote, however. Lee Millar, a spokesperson for the Sons of the Confederate Veterans, said the shooting proves the need for the statue to remain. I think it s disgusting that people use the shooting in Charleston and use those victims to forward their own agenda and join this anti-Confederate hysteria that s going on,  he said.  To attack something like that now I feel is just really misguided,  he added, calling the response in Memphis and other places a knee-jerk reaction.Katherine Blalock, an area resident whose great grandfather served with Forrest in the Confederate Army, agreed.  We need to have a coming together of people, not a divide and conquer,  she said.But it seems that dividing the country is exactly what some want. Not content with removing the Confederate battle flag from the national memory, some now want to see the Jefferson Memorial taken down. Retail stores have yanked the battle flag and the House has voted to forbid sales of the battle flag at National Parks. As we reported Wednesday, one former academic called the U.S. Constitution a Confederate symbol and said it should be edited.Via: examiner ",0
17205,DID TRUMP OFFEND HISPANIC AMERICANS WITH HIS REMARKS? The Latest Poll Numbers With Hispanics May Surprise You,"The GOP leadership may want to rethink their position on amnesty for illegals. American citizens (yes, including Hispanic Americans) are more interested in a President who abides by the rule of law than one who is beholden to corporations for donations Build a wall and enforce our border laws it s really pretty simple.Rick Perry blasted Donald Trump for his comments on immigration. It s been widely suggested that those comments would turn off Latino voters and Trump was ridiculed for saying that he could win Latino voters.But the latest, very favorable YouGov poll for Trump, shows Trump doing better with Hispanic respondents than Rick Perry. Trump scores a 19%  very favorable  and a 9% very favorable. He also has a 51% very unfavorable. Rick Perry has a 7% very favorable and a 16% favorable. Of course around a third of Hispanics just don t know who Rick Perry is so it s possible that he could improve his numbers.There are similar numbers for most Republican candidates.Jeb Bush has a 12% very favorable and a 20% favorable. Those are good numbers, but Jeb Bush lags Trump among the very favorables and isn t that far head in the total favorables. Considering that Jeb Bush s people are positioning him as a guy who can talk to Latino voters and has been front and center attacking Trump, those are not impressive numbers.Ben Carson has some of the best numbers among Latinos with a 17% very favorable and a 13% somewhat favorable. His numbers among black voters are actually poor, but he s popular with Latinos.Ted Cruz is at 17% very favorable and 24% favorable. His unfavorables are at a combined 29% with 30% who don t know who he is. These are pretty good numbers.Some of the best numbers come from Mike Huckabee with 19% very favorable and 17% very favorable, but these numbers are skewed because 45% don t know who he is. But his negatives are low. The same goes for Bobby Jindal with 13% and 16% favorables among Hispanics and likewise many don t know who he is.Marco Rubio has a 20% very favorable and 16% somewhat favorable with an unfavorable combined of over 40% with only 21% not knowing who he is.That s the important point about Trump s unfavorability numbers. While they look terrible, it s quite likely that most or all of the Republican candidates will end up with high unfavorables after they become better known and have had enough media attacks leveled against them.When only 11% don t know who Marco Rubio is, his unfavorable numbers will probably still be better than those of Trump, but assuming he won and was nominated, I m not sure how much better they would be by the end of the election.These numbers don t mean that Trump will win the Latino vote. Obviously not. But they do mean that1. The Latino vote is not monolithic. There is concern there about illegal immigration and the resulting gang violence. And economic issues trump immigration. Perry arguably has a better record on that than Trump, but few non-Texans might know that. After all the attacks on Trump, he has some of the highest positive numbers among Republicans. He s beating or neck and neck with immigration panderers.2. Being critical on illegal immigration is not necessarily a political death sentence despite the corporate and media hysteria stirred up to make it look that way.One more piece of bad news, despite Marco Rubio s hard sell as the youth candidate, he s doing no better or worse among younger respondents than Trump. Ted Cruz is doing somewhat better than Rubio.Via: Front Page Magazine",0
17206,DEMOCRATS PUSH FOR BAN OF WORDS “HUSBAND” AND “WIFE”,"ENOUGH ALREADY! A California Dem and two dozen others want  to have  gender neutral  terms now. Everyone s equal now? Um, not really.More than two dozen Democrats have proposed legislation that would eliminate the words  husband  and  wife  from federal law.Those  gendered terms  would be replaced by  gender-neutral  words like  spouse  or  married couple,  according to the bill from Rep. Lois Capps, D-Calif. The Amend the Code for Marriage Equality Act recognizes that the words in our laws have meaning and can continue to reflect prejudice and discrimination even when rendered null by our highest courts,  Capps said.  Our values as a country are reflected in our laws. I authored this bill because it is imperative that our federal code reflect the equality of all marriages. The Supreme Court ruled in June that the 14th Amendment to the Constitution means all states have to license same-sex marriages, a ruling that effectively ended the same-sex marriage debate in America. Capps said her bill was aimed at taking the next step, which is to ensure the United States Code  reflects the equality of all marriages. Via: Washington Examiner",0
17207,SOUTH CAROLINA TO REMOVE CONFEDERATE FLAG AS BOEHNER CALLS FOR A REVIEW OF FLAG ISSUE,"The Confederate Battle Flag will be taken down at 10:00 a.m. EST this morning as another battle over the controversial flag heats up on Capitol Hill. The furor over the flag rippled through the halls of Congress on Thursday when House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) called for a review of Confederate symbols and memorabilia, which is likely to include those on display in the Capitol.House Democrats accused Republicans of catering to the large bloc of southern conservatives in initially promoting an amendment that some viewed as pro-Confederate. Republicans accused Democrats of trying to exploit the tragedy of the mass killing inside a Charleston church last month and the subsequent decision by South Carolina leaders to remove the controversial flag from their state capitol.Boehner was forced to halt consideration of a government funding measure after it became engulfed by the Confederate flag controversy and whether it was appropriate to display the flags at national cemeteries where Confederate soldiers are buried.The dispute pitted Southern conservatives who asserted that the tradition was part of their heritage against members of the Congressional Black Caucus who view the flag as a symbol of slavery and oppression.Via: Washington Post",0
17208,15 YR OLDS IN THIS STATE CAN NOW GET STATE FUNDED SEX-CHANGE OPERATION WITHOUT PARENTAL CONSENT…But Need Consent To Use Tanning Bed,"The left has officially taken parenting out of our hands via legislation and handed it over to our government The list of things 15-year-olds are not legally allowed to do in Oregon is long: Drive, smoke, donate blood, get a tattoo   even go to a tanning bed.But, under a first-in-the-nation policy quietly enacted in January that many parents are only now finding out about, 15-year-olds are now allowed to get a sex-change operation. Many residents are stunned to learn they can do it without parental notification   and the state will even pay for it through its Medicaid program, the Oregon Health Plan. It is trespassing on the hearts, the minds, the bodies of our children,  said Lori Porter of Parents  Rights in Education.  They re our children. And for a decision, a life-altering decision like that to be done unbeknownst to a parent or guardian, it s mindboggling. In a statement, Oregon Health Authority spokeswoman Susan Wickstrom explained it this way:  Age of medical consent varies by state. Oregon law   which applies to both Medicaid and non-Medicaid Oregonians   states that the age of medical consent is 15. While 15 is the medical age of consent in the state, the decision to cover sex-change operations specifically was made by the Health Evidence Review Commission (HERC).Members are appointed by the governor and paid by the state of Oregon. With no public debate, HERC changed its policy to include cross-sex hormone therapy, puberty-suppressing drugs and gender-reassignment surgery as covered treatments for people with gender dysphoria, formally known as gender identity disorder.HERC officials refused repeated requests by Fox News for an interview and even gave Fox News inaccurate information about the medical director s work schedule.Oregon Health Authority officials directed Fox News to their website. It shows transgender policy was discussed at four meetings in 2014. It was passed without any opposition or even discussion about teenagers  new access to undergoing a sex change.Gender dysphoria is classified by the American Psychiatric Association as a mental disorder in which a person identifies as the sex opposite of his or her birth. It is rare, affecting one out of every 20,000 males and one out of every 50,000 females.According to a 2008 study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry,  most children with gender dysphoria will not remain gender dysphoric after puberty. Dr. Paul McHugh, who led the Johns Hopkins Psychiatry Department and still practices, said Oregon s policy amounts to child abuse.  We have a very radical and even mutilating treatment being offered to children without any evidence that the long-term outcome of this would be good,  McHugh said.Dr. Jack Drescher, a member of the APA who worked on the Sexual and Gender Identity Disorders Work Group, says treatment for gender dysphoria has received a lot more attention in recent years. He said this year New York changed its policy to cover cross-sex hormone drugs and sex-reassignment surgery for Medicaid recipients who are at least 18 years old. He thinks Oregon is offering the treatment too early. Children age 15 may not fully understand all the consequences of the procedures they are undergoing,  he said.Jenn Burleton disagrees. She underwent a sex-reassignment surgery and started the Portland non-profit group TransActive. She said requiring parental consent would lead to more suffering and teen suicide attempts. Parents may not be supportive,  Burleton said.  They may not be in an environment where they feel the parent will affirm their identity, this may have been going on for years. The science is unsettled. A 2010 Murad study concluded  very low quality evidence suggests sex reassignment   improves gender dysphoria and overall quality of life.  The authors admitted the evidence was  sparse and inconclusive. Lisa Maloney, a parent and Scappoose, Ore., School Board member, is outraged. To know that taxpayers are now on the hook for that, that a child can do that without their parent s knowledge or information or consent, parents have absolutely no say, that s appalling,  Maloney said.The Oregon Health Authority could not say how many Medicaid recipients have been treated for gender dysphoria since the new policy took effect in January. Oregon has 935,000 people enrolled in the Oregon Health Plan. HERC assumes between 14 and 112 of them may be gender dysphoric. It estimates the total cost of adding cross-sex hormone therapy, puberty-suppressing drugs and sex reassignment surgeries to the coverage will be no more than $150,000 per year.But HERC also believes the state will save money due to fewer suicide attempts. It estimates there will be one less suicide attempt per year. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates the average cost per suicide attempt in the U.S. is $7,234.But Dr. McHugh says a sex-change operation, especially for young people with gender dysphoria, is never appropriate. We can help them if we begin to explore with them and their families what they re fearing about development, what they re fearing about being a young boy, a young adolescent appropriate to themselves. Via: FOX News",0
17209,(VIDEO) REMEMBER DEATH PANELS IN OBAMACARE? THEY’RE BAAAAACK!,"It s like a bad penny the left keeps bringing back the death panel. Several of Obama s advisors have suggested that the death panel should be part of Obamacare. This is a very slippery slope JONATHAN GRUBER ON ABORTION AND DEATH PANELS: Federal health officials are wading into the politically toxic debate about six years after claims of  death panels  nearly derailed early efforts on ObamaCare.Under current rules, Medicare doctors are only reimbursed for end-of-life consultations if they take place during a patient s annual wellness visit. A change in policy has been endorsed by dozens of leading hospice groups, who say that it is important for doctors to ask patients, for example, whether they prefer to die at home or in the hospital.A provision to compensate doctors for these consultations was included in early versions of ObamaCare but had been withheld after then-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) claimed that  death panels  would deprive seniors of healthcare.The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) tried again in 2010, but was forced to roll back its plans because of political pressure. Via: The Hill",0
17210,BREAKING! REPUBLICANS PULL VOTE ON BANNING CONFEDERATE FLAG,"Dems hammer Republicans on their planned vote to allow the Confederate flag in national parks.House Republican leaders have canceled a planned vote on an amendment that would have reversed previously-passed provisions barring the display of the Confederate flag in national parksThe move comes after Republicans acknowledged they did not have the votes to pass the amendment, and Democrats hammered the GOP for considering the change in the first place. This was an attempt to codify the Obama Administration s own directive to our national cemeteries and it is unfortunate that it has devolved into a political battle. It is our hope that we can have a thoughtful discussion on this matter that is free of politics,  a GOP leadership aide said.READ MORE: NATIONAL JOURNAL",0
17211,TOP DEMOCRAT ACTIVIST WHO LAUNCHED ONLINE CAMPAIGN TO THREATEN AND BULLY 12 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE Is Facing Charges [Video],"CJ Pearson, the 12 year old conservative social media sensation who was bullied and threatened by grown-ups on the left, has more class in his little finger than the entire Democrat party combined. Here is a video message to President Barack Obama by CJ Pearson regarding his hatred for America that has over 1 million hits:The woman who launched an online campaign of bullying and veiled threats against Internet sensation CJ Pearson, frightening the young conservative s family enough to drive the boy briefly out of politics late last week, has been identified as a  top Democratic activist  from Baltimore.And the Pearson family is planning to press charges.According to a Facebook posting Sunday by Ali A. Akbar of Vice and Victory, a consulting firm that works with CJ, the woman behind the Twitter account  Mona Hussein Obama  is actually named Mona Brown. What she did was against the law,  Akbar said on the video, vowing to  expose a troll, a bully, a grown adult and top Democrat activist in Maryland for bullying a 12-year-old. Late last week, Brown began her Twitter campaign of harassment against Pearson in retaliation for Internet videos harshly critical of Obama that have made the boy an Internet sensation. Her tweets ranged from insults    your fam has been bowing down to white ppl    to hints of violence  Wish we could switch Trayvon s life for yours. On Facebook Friday, the 12-year-old announced he had had enough. After much thought and consideration, I ve decided to take a break from politics and political commentary,  he wrote.  I had a horribly rough night on Twitter after a woman not only threatened to sue me for expressing my opinions but threatened my family. The boy handed over his social media accounts to Vice and Victory, which quickly set up a support fund and hashtag #StandWithCJ.CJ s Facebook page now includes an apology Brown sent after her true identity became known. I apologize and am deeply ashamed of the horrible statements I made to @cjpearson,  she wrote.She then goes on to complain about how  the right wing  is attacking her family   apparently missing the irony that she earlier attacked the Pearson family and wished for their death.Pearson plans to get back into politics and says that the incident has only made his resolve stronger. After much thought and consideration, I have decided to press forward and continue to fight for what I believe in,  he wrote on Facebook.  Mona s hate has only strengthened my resolve and has encouraged me to continue to do what I love and what I do best. Via: Biz Pac Review",0
17212,(VIDEO) WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A FOX REPORTER CONFRONTS THE ENTIRE SAN FRANCISCO BOARD OF SUPERVISORS ON MURDER OF KATE STEINLE,Jesse Watters confronts the board of supervisors in San Francisco and it s crickets  ,0
17213,UNREAL! HOUSE MOVES TO BAN SALE OR DISPLAY OF CONFEDERATE FLAG IN FEDERAL CEMETERIES,"WHAT THE HECK! What s happened to the Southern leaders? Confederate flags should be placed on the graves of Civil War soldiers. This is way over the top and a knee-jerk reaction to the shooting in Charleston, SC.The House has voted to ban the display of Confederate flags at historic federal cemeteries in the deep South.The low-profile move came late Tuesday after a brief debate on a measure funding the National Park Service, which maintains 14 national cemeteries, most of which contain graves of Civil War soldiers.The proposal by California Democrat Jared Huffman would block the Park Service from allowing private groups from decorating the graves of southern soldiers with Confederate flags in states that commemorate Confederate Memorial Day. The cemeteries affected are the Andersonville and Vicksburg cemeteries in Georgia and Mississippi.Pressure has mounted to ban display of the flag on state and federal property in the wake of last month s tragic murders at a historic black church in Charleston, South Carolina.SELLING CONFEDERATE FLAGS BANNED TOO:The House voted to affirm that stores on federal lands operated by the National Park Service cannot sell Confederate flags, in light of a new policy announced in the aftermath of the shooting in Charleston, S.C.Adoption of the amendment to the 2016 Interior Department appropriations bill came easily on a voice vote after just six minutes of debate, where no one spoke in opposition. The amendment reflects a policy announced by the National Park Service in June to ban the sale of Confederate flag merchandise from its gift shops and bookstores.Rep. Jared Huffman (D-Calif.), the author of the amendment, said it was important that Congress prevent the sale of the Confederate image on federal property. This House now has an opportunity to add its voice, by ending the promotion of the cruel, racist legacy of the Confederacy,  Huffman said.  While many concessionaires have agreed to do this, I am dismayed by reports that some will continue to sell items with Confederate flag imagery. Read more: The Hill",0
17214,"UNITED AIRLINES GROUNDED, WALL STREET JOURNAL AND NYSE SHUT DOWN…All Citing “Technical” Issues…There’s No Coincidence…Really?","So the NYSE, Wall Street Journal and United Airlines have all been experiencing  technical issues,  but there s no correlation?United Airlines grounded flights across the country for part of Wednesday after experiencing computer problems.An airline spokeswoman said that a router problem reduced  network connectivity  for several software applications.Around midday, spokeswoman Jennifer Dohm said,  We fixed the router issue, which is enabling us to restore normal functions. The Federal Aviation Administration lifted a ground-stop order after nearly two hours, allowing United planes to fly again.United did not immediately say how many flights were affected.United, the nation s second-biggest airline, has suffered similar technology problems before, also leading to mass delays and cancellations.The airline briefly halted all takeoffs in the U.S. on June 2 because of a problem in its flight-dispatching system. United said then that about 150 flights were affected.United also struggled through a series of computer outages in 2012 after switching to the passenger-information system of Continental Airlines after that carrier merged with United. Those outages caused hundreds of flights to be delayed. High-paying business travelers were outraged; United CEO Jeff Smisek apologized for failing to provide good customer service.After a 2010 merger, United elected to combine many computer systems and frequent-flier programs all at once. Executives believed that any disruptions would thus be short-lived. By contrast, Delta and Northwest integrated their systems in stages after a 2008 merger, and American Airlines is taking Delta s same go-slow approach now as it absorbs US Airways.Other airlines, however, have also been hit by computer problems. In April, more than 50 American flights were delayed when a software glitch prevented pilots from seeing some airport maps on their tablet computers.After Wednesday s problems, United apologized to customers and said they could change travel plans without being charged the usual $200 reservation-change fee. In some cases, the airline said it would also waive any difference in fare for the rescheduled trip. We don t know everything behind this morning s issues yet, but today s incident underscores the sense that something is very wrong at United,  said Gary Leff, co-founder of frequent-flier website MilePoint.Shares of Chicago-based United Continental Holdings Inc. fell $1.25, or 2.3 percent, to $53.06 in midday trading.WSJ: The Wall Street Journal s website homepage was not accessible Wednesday afternoon, shortly after the New York Stock Exchange had to shut down due to a computer glitch. The WSJ.com displayed a 504 error, which means the server was acting too slow to process HTTP requests and therefore be visible by users.The error appeared on the desktop version of the site, tested in Google Chrome and Safari. The website s homepage still functioned on mobile browsers. On desktop, individual pages of the Wall Street Journal were accessible.UPDATE, 12:30 p.m. EDT: A modified version of the homepage went online shortly after the glitch. The site now reads,  WSJ.com is having technical difficulties. The full site will return shortly.  We reached out to Dow Jones, the Wall Street Journal s parent company, for comment on the glitch, and are waiting to hear back.The Wall Street Journal s website homepage was not accessible Wednesday afternoon, shortly after the New York Stock Exchange had to shut down due to a computer glitch. The WSJ.com displayed a 504 error, which means the server was acting too slow to process HTTP requests and therefore be visible by users.The error appeared on the desktop version of the site, tested in Google Chrome and Safari. The website s homepage still functioned on mobile browsers. On desktop, individual pages of the Wall Street Journal were accessible.UPDATE, 12:30 p.m. EDT: A modified version of the homepage went online shortly after the glitch. The site now reads,  WSJ.com is having technical difficulties. The full site will return shortly.  We reached out to Dow Jones, the Wall Street Journal s parent company, for comment on the glitch, and are waiting to hear back.UPDATE, 12:50 p.m. EDT: The Wall Street Journal s homepage is back up in full form after Wednesday s outage. Dow Jones has yet to issue comment. Via: IB TimesFind updated story on NYSE shutdown here: https://100percentfedup.com/breaking-nyse-shut-down-all-trading-suspended/",0
17215,[VIDEO] BUMBLING US DEFENSE SEC. CAN’T ANSWER QUESTION ABOUT Whether Or Not We’ll Defend The 60 Syrians We’re Training To Fight ISIS,"Yeah you know the Obama regime is serious about taking down ISIS when they send in 60 Syrian rebels and leave them unprotected against the Assad regime.  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) went straight for the jugular in questioning Defense Secretary Ash Carter at a Tuesday Senate hearing on the Obama administration s strategy against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.McCain criticized President Obama s comments at the Pentagon on Monday citing recent progress against ISIS as delusional, and he ripped Carter over the Pentagon s slowness in training Syrian rebels.He said ISIS overall is gaining territory in Iraq and Syria and that there is  no compelling reason  to believe the administration s strategy is going to succeed in limiting the group. McCain disparaged the Pentagon for failing to provide military support to the few Syrian rebels it is training after Carter said the military would decide how to provide support once they are in the field. Via: The HillSenator John McCain: And is it true that with these people that you are training and equipping to fight in Syria that they re only there to fight ISIS and not Bashar Assad? Is that true?US Defense Secretary Carter: Ah..we re uh..yes, we are telling them to uh uh that we  arming and uh .training them uh in the first instance, to go after ISIL and not uh..the Assad regime and that is our priority.  McCain:So, in other words if they are barrel bombed by Bashar Assad, they are not Carter: No I think we have SOME obligation to them once they re inserted in the field. Again, we don t expect them to be McCain: Is that to defend them against barrel bombing?Carter: Well that decision will be made when we introduce fighters into the field.McCain: That s a small comfort to those people you re recruiting right now that that decision will be made later on.Is that fair to these young men to say: We are sending you in to fight ISIS only, and by the way, we will decide on the policy whether to defend you if you are barrel bombed?Carter: They know that we will provide support to them. Exactly what kind of support McCain: Does that mean you will defend them against Bashar Assad s barrel bombing?McCain s final question: So you re recruiting them, but not telling them that you ll defend them because you haven t made a decision yet? And yet you want to train them quickly and send them in?",0
17216,OBAMA COZIES UP TO ANOTHER COMMUNIST LEADER TO DISCUSS HUMAN RIGHTS… AND TPP?,"So much for the US refusing to work with countries who are guilty of some of the worst human rights violations in the world From Human Rights Watch: Vietnam s human rights record remains dire in all key areas. A one-party communist state suppresses virtually all forms of political dissent, using a broad array of repressive measures. Freedom of expression, association and assembly are tightly controlled. The police routinely use torture and beatings to extract confessions and punish detainees. Religious minorities and activists are harassed, intimidated and imprisoned. The criminal justice system lacks independence and operates under the direction of the government and party. State-run drug rehabilitation centers exploit detainees as forced laborers making goods for local markets and export. Despite the pressure, increasing numbers of courageous bloggers and activists are vocal in calling for democracy and greater freedoms.A coalition of 14 human rights groups strongly condemns the Feb. 2014 decision by an appeals court upholding a 30-month prison sentence for Vietnamese human rights lawyer and blogger Le Quoc Quan. Mr. Quan has been detained since December 2012.The groups believe Mr. Quan s detention is politically motivated and a reaction to his blog, where he frequently exposes human rights violations by the Vietnamese government. Mr. Quan is a victim of a coordinated government crackdown on bloggers, citizen journalists and pro-democracy activists.Meanwhile President Barack Obama met Tuesday with Vietnamese communist party leader Nguy n Ph  Tr ng in the hopes of strengthening ties between the two nations. The President also welcomes the opportunity to discuss other issues, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, human rights, and bilateral defense cooperation,  the White House said in a statement.The meeting came nearly four decades after the Vietnam War. Since that time, the two countries have made efforts to improve diplomatic relations. In just the past two years, Obama has met with Vietnam s President Tr ng T n Sang and Prime Minister Nguy n T n D ng. Like in any relations between two countries in the world, Vietnam and the U.S. have differences on a number of issues, such as perception on democracy, human rights and trade,  Tr ng wrote, according to NPR.  To resolve differences, I believe the most effective way would be open and constructive dialogues. Via: Daily Caller",0
17217,AN INSIDE LOOK AT OBAMA’S 5-STAR SUMMER VACATION RETREAT: Meanwhile…62% Of Americans Won’t Be Taking A Vacation This Summer,"About 62 percent of Americans say they won t be taking a vacation this summer at all. Out of that, more than half said they couldn t afford it.Just like the Obama s keep telling us  it s all about fair share or something like that As the weather heats up in Washington, DC, the Obamas as planning their summer vacation.The Boston Herald reports that President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle and daughters Sasha and Malia will be staying on Martha s Vineyard from August 8-23.The Obamas have spent almost every single summer on the tony island off the coast of Massachusetts  Cape Cod except for 2012   when the president was running for re-election.Continuing yet another tradition of their annual retreat, the Obamas are also expected to stay at the same $12million  cottage  in Chilmark they rented last year.The 8,100-square-foot home features seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a basketball/tennis court, hot tub, infinity pool and views of the Elizabeth Islands.The home is owned by wealthy widow Joanna Hubschman, whose husband Henry died of cancer in 2011.Four years before his death, Mr Hubschman, a General Electric executive, contributed $6,900   the maximum donation then allowed   to Hillary Clinton s 2008 bid for president, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.However, it was Barack Obama who took the party s ticket and went on to win the White House.Two weeks before the general election, Mr Hubschman contributed $2,300 to Obama s campaign.This year s vacation is likely to be a bit more relaxing for Mr Obama, who faced a wave of criticism for his golf playing last year in the midst of a crisis with ISIS.Via:  UK Daily Mail",0
17218,“EVERYDAY AMERICAN”? U.S. TAXPAYERS PICK UP THE HUGE TAB FOR BILL CLINTON’S LIMO RIDE TO A LUXURY RETAILER (VIDEO),"Slick Willy s back! Bill Clinton had fun on the taxpayer s dime but he s just an everyday American who shops at luxury retailers like Hermes, right?While in Paris, Clinton was dropped off at the luxury boutique Herm s by a  five-car convoy.  Clinton was said to be  probably buying the store,  after an hour-long private visit.The limousines that took Bill Clinton to Herm s in Paris cost taxpayers over $8,000.The State Department picked up the tab for the multimillionaire former president s transportation costs during his trip to Paris last month, government contracts show. The agency paid Biribin Limousines $8,852 for rental cars for Clinton during his stay. HERE S A LITTLE VIDEO OF BUBBA DOING SOME POWER SHOPPING IN PARIS: Biribin Limousines is an international chauffeur company with  prestigious references. With exceptional customers historically composed of national and international institutions, corporations, personality of the World of Arts and Fashion, but also the partner of major events that make the news,  the company said.While in Paris, Clinton was dropped off at the luxury boutique Herm s by a  five-car convoy.  Clinton was said to be  probably buying the store,  after an hour-long private visit.Clinton s wife, Hillary, is vying for the Democratic nomination for president as a champion of  everyday Americans. Via: WFB",0
17219,"BREAKING: SOUTH CAROLINA SENATE CAVES: VOTES TO REMOVE CONFEDERATE FLAG FROM STATEHOUSE GROUNDS…BECAUSE IT’S ALL ABOUT THE FLAG, YA KNOW","Another successful cleansing of our history   like it or not what s next?Just a reminder of something Michelle Obama said in 2008 on the campaign trail in Puerto Rico: MICHELLE OBAMA:  Barack knows that we are going to have to make sacrifices; we are going to have to change our conversation; we re going to have to change our traditions, our history; we re going to have to move into a different place as a nation.   Change our traditions and change our history. What did she mean by that?Changing history means not just telling the same old tall tales of the free market system and the Founders. No, it s the history according to progressives. And it s not merely spinning the old facts; it s taking current events and molding them to fit the progressive agenda and, in this case, completely ignoring history. HERE S A BACKWARDS TIMELINE OF WHAT HAPPENED TODAY VIA THE POST AND COURIER:Members of the South Carolina Senate have voted 37-3 to remove the Confederate battle flag from the Statehouse grounds.Sen. Lee Bright, R-Roebuck, objected to giving the bill automatic third reading, which is usually a procedural vote, on Tuesday. For the bill to be sent to the House, it will need a two-thirds vote.Monday s three  nay  votes were from Bright, and Sens. Harvey Peeler and Danny Verdin. Plus, for the bill to be amended on third reading, it would need a three-fifths vote.Senate is scheduled to return Tuesday at 10 a.m.3:20 p.m. update: The senate has voted to table amendments that would have pushed the vote on the Confederate flag issue to a statewide referendum (36-3), allow the flag to flown on Statehouse grounds on Confederate Memorial Day (22-17) or replace the current flag with the First National Flag of the Confederate States of America (34-6). Now, various senators are taking turns speaking about the issue. No one has yet made a motion to vote on the bill that would remove the Confederate battle from the Statehouse grounds.1:50 p.m. update: After a short break, the Senate returned to debate the fate of the Statehouse s Confederate battle flag just after 1:15 p.m.Roebuck Republican Sen. Lee Bright s amendment has already died on a 36-3 vote. It would have placed the fate of the flag in the hands of voters.The Senate has now moved to discuss an amendment by Sen. Danny Verdin, R-Laurens. It would allow for the flag to be flown at the Confederate Soldier Monument on Confederate Memorial Day, which is May 10. Verdin has the floor.COLUMBIA   It s been a morning of impassioned speeches in the South Carolina Senate, as lawmakers brace for discussion on a bill that will determine the fate of the Confederate battle flag on the Statehouse s grounds.The Senate is on recess until 1 p.m. Senate President Pro Tempore Hugh Leatherman said the heads of both the GOP and Democratic Caucus asked for body to break for a recess so that the caucuses could meet. But lawmakers are still planning on discussing the bill today. My intent is to give it second reading today and my intent would be to give it third reading tomorrow,  Leatherman said.  Will the Senate do that? Don t know. But we ll try to head in that direction. If the bill follows Leatherman s planned track, it ll be before the House for a vote on Wednesday. Only one amendment has been proposed in the Senate so far.Roebuck Republican Sen. Lee Bright s amendment would place the fate of the banner in the hands of voters. When the bill crosses the hall, it ll likely be met with an amendment by Rep. Mike Pitts, R-Laurens, who said he d like to see the battle flag replaced with Bonnie Blue.Meanwhile, members from both sides of the aisle have made speeches calling for the flag s removal this morning, including Pickens Republican Sen. Larry Martin, who said his view on the flag changed after the shooting that took the lives of nine churchgoers in Charleston on June 17.Martin said he looked at the flag as if it was given some sort of  official status,  because it flies on the capitol s grounds. That doesn t represent all of the people of South Carolina,  Martin said.  It isn t part of our future. It s part of our past. A two-thirds vote in each chamber is needed to do anything with any monument on the capitol s grounds, including the battle flag which is part of the Confederate Soldier Monument. That vote threshold has been met, according to a survey by The Post and Courier.Outside the Statehouse, dozens of protesters began to arrive Monday morning. Some called for the flag to come down. Others, such as Nelson Waller in his rebel flag tie, said the state was giving in to Northern liberals and civil rights activists. Waller carried a sign that read  Keep the flag. Dump Nikki!  Two decades ago, he carried a  Dump Beasley  sign after then-Gov. David Beasley made an unsuccessful attempt to get the Confederate flag off the Statehouse dome.",0
17220,THINK AMERICA CAN’T END UP LIKE GREECE? THINK AGAIN!," The United States government has been living beyond its means, running up an enormous debt that will eventually need to be repaid. Most Americans look at the rerun of the Greek euro crisis with something between smug amusement and condescending disapproval. When will those profligate Greeks get their economic house in order and stop looking to others to bail them out? But, should people living in glass economic houses really throw stones? After all, just like Greece, the United States government has been living beyond its means, running up an enormous debt that will eventually need to be repaid. True, our budget deficit this year will be lower than it has been, just $486 billion compared to $1.4 trillion as recently as 2009. But this is just a temporary respite. Within the next couple of years the deficit will start to rise again. By 2025, we will again face trillion-dollar shortfalls. And even a $486 billion deficit adds to our ever growing debt. Our national debt currently approaches $18.2 trillion, roughly 101% of GDP. That s right. We owe more than the value of all the goods and services produced in this country every year. It is as if your credit-card bills exceeded your entire pay check. That s not quite as bad as Greece, of course, whose debt exceeds 177% of their GDP. But it is worse than countries like France or Spain.  And give us time! Like Greece, the driving force behind our debt is the growing cost of entitlement programs for health care and retirement. If one includes future unfunded liabilities for Social Security and Medicare, our real debt exceeds $90 trillion. That s more than five times our GDP. Greece is still in worse shape   their unfunded liabilities top 875% of GDP   but we re gaining. At the heart of Greece s problems lies a government grown too big, too intrusive, and too expensive. The Greek government spent nearly half of the country s GDP last year (49.3%), and that actually represents a decline from the 51.8% it averaged since 2006. The Greek s may complain about austerity, but they ve hardly practiced it. Our government is far smaller than Greece s today. Federal spending is just 20.5% of GDP. But, according to the Congressional Budget Office s alternative fiscal scenario, that could rise to almost 34% by mid-century. Factoring in state and local government spending, which already accounts for roughly 14.4% of GDP, total government expenditure in the US could reach 48% to 50% in 2050, roughly Greek levels. As government grows, the private sector contracts. Greece has one of the most inhospitable business climates in Europe, ranking 84th in the world in the most recent Economic Freedom of the World Index. Meanwhile, as the United States continues to increase taxes and regulations, we have fallen from the second highest economic freedom ranking just 15 years ago to 12th place. Of course, the United States has some advantages that the Greeks lack. Greece owes a significant share of its debt to foreign governments, while the majority of American debt is domestically held. The United States also faces low borrowing rates, while Greece has been effectively shut out of capital markets. The US debt may be bad, but in many ways we are the fastest horse in the glue factory. As long as the euro remains in crisis, we will continue to be able to borrow money at absurdly low interest rates. The United States also controls its own currency and monetary policy, while Greece is hostage to the European Central Bank, which must balance its interest against those of other countries in the monetary union, many of which are in far different economic positions.The danger for the United States is that spending on entitlements will surge in the coming decades, which means that, absent reform, they take over the economy. Investors would respond to the weaker economic outlook by demanding higher returns in order to continue investing in US bonds, which would further drive up interest costs, making our problems even worse. And, of course, unlike Greece, there aren t other countries or organizations available to bail us out.Read more: NYP",0
17221,“GREXIT”? GREEKS VOTE NO ON MORE AUSTERITY IN RETURN FOR RESCUE LOANS," A number of European politicians, including Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the top eurozone official, have said a  no  vote would jeopardize Greece s place in the 19-nation eurozone. Investors are also likely to believe a  no  win increases the chance of a so-called  Grexit , where Greece returns to its own old currency. ATHENS, Greece (AP)   Greeks overwhelmingly rejected creditors  demands for more austerity in return for rescue loans in a critical referendum Sunday, backing Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, who insisted the vote would give him a stronger hand to reach a better deal.Tsipras gambled the future of his 5-month-old left-wing government on the vote. The opposition accused him of jeopardizing the country s membership in the 19-nation club that uses the euro and said a  yes  vote was about keeping the common currency.With 70 percent of the votes counted, the  no  side had more than 60 percent. The interior ministry predicted that margin would hold.Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis said Sunday night that creditors planned from the start to shut down banks to humiliate Greeks and force them to make a statement of contrition for showing that debt and loans are unsustainable.On Sunday night s result, he said that  no  is a big `yes  to democratic Europe. It s a no to the vision of Europe an infinite cage for its people. It is a loud yes to the vision of the Eurozone as a common area of prosperity and social justice. Thousands of government supporters gathered in central Athens in celebration, waving Greek flags and chanting  No, No, No. Governing left-wing Syriza party Eurodeputy Dimitris Papadimoulis said that  Greek people are proving they want to remain in Europe  as equal members  and not as a debt colony.  The referendum was Greece s first in 41 years.Minister of State Nikos Papas, speaking on Alpha television, said it would be  wrong to link a `no  result to an exit from the eurozone. If a `no  prevails that will help us get a better agreement. Read more: AP",0
17222,NATIONAL TREND? OREGON BEGINS TAXING ELECTRIC CAR DRIVERS BY THE MILE,"The state of Oregon is  hoping  to get 5,000 volunteers for a program that tracks every mile you drive and then charges your credit card for every mile driven. The kicker is that this program might cost more than it takes in because the vendor takes 40% of the profits.  I d like to know how much the device costs the taxpayers and if they ve already purchased 5,000. Then there s the privacy issue when the state tracks your every move. Oregon is using an experimental program to become the first state to tax drivers based on the miles they travel on state roads rather than the gas they purchase.The voluntary program, called OReGo, is designed to capture taxes from hybrid and electric car drivers who have been able to skirt gas taxes.Oregon s Department of Transportation is hoping to get 5,000 people to volunteer to install a small device under their steering wheels that will track their mileage and charge drivers  credit cards one and a half pennies for each mile driven, Fox News reported Friday.Transportation officials say the growing numbers of electric and hybrid cars has left the gas tax flat and unable to fund road maintenance. We re trying to make up for a growing deficit, really, because inflation s eating away at our ability to buy asphalt and rebar and the things we need to maintain the roads,  Tom Fuller of the Oregon Department of Transportation told Fox News.Oregon was the first state to impose a gas tax in 1919. That tax has now reached 30 cents per gallon.Some Oregon drivers want the program to go national to make the tax more fair for all drivers. I ve been free-loading on the highways for 20 years driving electric cars or hybrid cars, getting at least 40 miles to the gallon. So I haven t been paying my fair share,  said Oregon resident David Hastings, Fox reported.But others are raising questions about privacy. Two of the three OReGO systems track and store a car s every move. To put a GPS monitor in everybody s car, the government already knows too much about us as it is,  said Jeff Kruse, a Republican lawmaker, Fox reported.There is also growing concern about the cost of the program. OReGO vendors will collects up to 40 cents of every dollar drivers are charged, and green car drivers could be in for some serious sticker shock every month.Read more: WT",0
17223,BIG GOVERNMENT FAIL: SOCIAL SECURITY SPENT $323 MILLION TO COLLECT $109 MILLION IN OVERPAYMENTS,"Big government is never efficient and this is the perfect example of that. The SSA can t collect money without spending more that it s trying to collect. Unreal!The Social Security Administration (SSA) spends more money than it collects when trying to recover payments to individuals who received benefits for which they were not eligible.According to the Office of Inspector General (OIG), the SSA issued $128.3 million in  low-dollar  overpayments between 2008 and 2013, and then spent $323 million to collect them. The agency ultimately recovered only $109.4 million. This resulted in SSA spending over $213.6 million more than it collected,  the OIG said, in an audit released Wednesday.The OIG defines an overpayment as  benefit payments greater than the amount to which individuals are entitled. The overpayments were distributed through the SSA s Retirement and Survivors Insurance (RSI), Disability Insurance (DI), and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) programs. The SSA issued approximately $16.8 billion in disability insurance overpayments alone in the past decade. Generally, SSA attempted to collect overpayments regardless of the amount,  the OIG said.  In some cases, the value of the overpayment was less than what SSA spent to collect the overpayment. Therefore, for some overpayments, collection was not always cost-beneficial. A  low-dollar  overpayment is less than or equal to the agency s average cost to retrieve an overpayment.It cost the SSA an average $164.11 to collect each RSI overpayment, $268.32 for each disability insurance overpayment, and $56.63 for each SSI overpayment in 2013, according to the agency s Cost Analysis System (CAS).However, the OIG found errors within the accounting system. The CAS was not able to take into account SSI overpayments that took more than one step to recover. Some overpayments can take as many as five actions by the agency in order to get the money back, costing $283.15 for a single overpayment. Therefore, it is not possible to determine how much the average cost to collect an SSI overpayment in CAS is understated when multiple actions are required to collect an SSI overpayment,  the OIG said.Read more: WFB",0
17224,(VIDEO) TERROR THREAT ALERT: AMERICA CELEBRATES JULY4TH UNDER THE WATCHFUL EYE OF HOMELAND SECURITY,"Be safe and enjoy the 4th! Homeland Security and our wonderful police officers all around the U.S. are looking out for us.The Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have issued an alert asking local authorities and the public to remain vigilant for possible threats following recent calls for violence by Islamic State leaders. DETAILS EMERGE ABOUT 4TH OF JULY TERROR THREATS: In New York City, the nation s biggest police force assigned about 7,000 officers and nearly all its counterterrorism personnel to handle security around Independence Day events. We re constantly seeking to be creative, to be proactive and not just be preparing to respond if something happens,  New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said this week.  The name of the game is to prevent it. Hundreds of thousands of people were expected to flood the National Mall in Washington, D.C., for a parade, concerts, and a fireworks display that uses 6,500 shells. The National Park Service is installing 3.4 miles (5.47 km) of chain link fencing, 14,000 feet (4,270 meters) of bike racks and almost 350 portable toilets to cope with the crowds.Read more: Yahoo",0
17225,(VIDEO) TED CRUZ SLAMS JORGE RAMOS ON THE RULE OF LAW AND THE CONSTITUTION,This is so great! Ted Cruz knows his Constitution! ,0
17226,MOTHER OF 7 YR OLD CHARGED WITH “Endangerment” For Allowing Child To Play In Park Across Street From Home Unsupervised For An Hour,"Because the government knows best when it comes to raising your children or something like that.A Maine mother faces child endangerment charges for allowing her daughter to play at the park across the street from her house without her constant supervision.Nicole Jensen told WMTW she often allows her three children to play at the park a few hundred feet from her house and parents in the neighborhood make a coordinated effort to watch each other s children. She watches from her front porch.But when Jensen s 7-year-old daughter was playing in the park by herself last week, someone at the park called 911 to report she was unattended and police intervened.But instead of simply walking the child home, police tried unsuccessfully to call Jensen, then hauled the girl to the police station when the mother didn t immediately answer her phone, according to the Personal Liberty blog.Jensen said she requires her children to check in every hour when they re playing outside, but police chastised the mother for not keeping closer tabs and insinuated the girl was in danger at the park. They said,  Do you know where your daughter is?  and I said,  Yes,  and they said,  Well no you don t. She s at the police station,  Jensen recalled.  (The officer) said she was at the park unsupervised, no one know where she was, and if I hadn t gotten a hold of you, I would have taken her into (the Department of Health and Human Services). Westbrook Police Chief Janie Roberts told the news site she estimated the girl was at the park for about an hour before she was detained. That s a long time for a 7-year-old to be by herself in any location, let alone a public park,  Roberts said.Police eventually charged Jensen with child endangerment. They brought her to the police station when her house is right there,  Jensen said, according to Personal Liberty. She did nothing wrong,  she said.  She s followed all of my rules. Jensen told WMTW her daughter was  terrified  by the ordeal, and she plans to fight the child endangerment charge. She ll also have to deal with DHHS, as police referred her case to that department, as well.Via: EAG News ",0
17227,ILLEGAL ALIEN WHO MURDERED INNOCENT WOMAN WAS DEPORTED 3 TIMES: Obama’s Solution To Increasing Crime By Illegals…Cut Back On Deportations,"Because we don t have enough crime in our country already we need to import it from Mexico and South America.To hell with America it s all about the votes The man suspected of gunning down a young woman at random at a popular San Francisco tourist spot on Wednesday has been  deported to Mexico several times,  according to a report by the local ABC News affiliate. The woman, 32-year-old Kathryn Steinle ( Kate ), was struck in the chest with a bullet while visiting Pier 14 on the Embarcadero with her family. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but doctors were unable to save her, as she died in her parents  arms a few hours later.The suspect, Francisco Sanchez, was identified as being in his mid-40s and on probation from Texas due to previous, undisclosed crimes. He was arrested after tips from passers-by. Officials said that the killing appeared to be random. Police believe they have recovered the murder weapon from the waters of the San Francisco Bay near the pier, where the suspect allegedly tossed it.On Thursday, two news crews filming live at Pier 14 were mugged at the scene, and one cameraman was pistol-whipped.The San Francisco Chronicle described Steinle s last moments in heartbreaking detail: She fought for her life,  [Liz] Sullivan said, adding that her daughter s heart had stopped two times, and was restarted, in the ambulance. It was a battle, but she just didn t make it,  she said.  It was horrific, but we knew the minute they came to talk to us, it wasn t good. But it was so nice to go in and be with her. Sullivan said that in their final moments together, she softly touched her daughter s face   a face she used to paint when the young woman was a little girl. We have deep faith,  Jim Steinle said, adding,  Our faith isn t to the point where we re ready to forgive.   Via: Breitbart NewsOBAMA S SOLUTION TO ILLEGAL CRIME IN AMERICA:Washington Post  The Obama administration has begun a profound shift in its enforcement of the nation s immigration laws, aiming to hasten the integration of long-term illegal immigrants into society rather than targeting them for deportation, according to documents and federal officials.In recent months, the Department of Homeland Security has taken steps to ensure that the majority of the United States  11.3 million undocumented immigrants can stay in this country, with agents narrowing enforcement efforts to three groups of illegal migrants: convicted criminals, terrorism threats or those who recently crossed the border.While public attention has been focused on the court fight over President Obama s highly publicized executive action on immigration, DHS has with little fanfare been training thousands of immigration agents nationwide to carry out new policies on everyday enforcement.",0
17228,"BREAKING: [Video] DIRTY BOMB FEARS, As NYC Police Officers With Targets Placed On Their Backs By Obama And DeBlasio Wear Nuclear Bomb Detectors July 4th Weekend","Not knowing how many members of ISIS and other terrorist groups have slipped undetected into our country is yet another serious consequence of Obama s open borders Several thousand New York City uniformed and plain clothes officers will patrol the city this weekend.7,000 closed circuit security cameras will be closely watched.Air and water patrol will be equipped with radiation detection.Police officers will also be equipped with special radiation detection monitors to be put on their belts to detect for dirty bombs. America faces the highest threat level ever this year for the 4th of July.https://youtu.be/Zflo1wizClUVia: Gateway Pundit ",0
17229,SHOCKING: Interviewer Shows Many Americans Have No Idea What Independence Day Is About,"The dumbing down of America This is how people like Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders and Hillary become  front runners  in our presidential races With Americans set to celebrate Independence Day this weekend, Mark Dice illustrated that many beachgoers in San Diego don t even know when the Declaration of Independence was signed or what the 4th of July even represents.When asked,  What country famously broke away from England to start their own country in the late 1700 s,  one man responded,  I have no idea man, I don t know. Asked what Americans were celebrating on the 4th of July, another woman said that Independence Day was to recognize  the day that we overtook the south .it s our independence .from the south,  a reference to the civil war which took place almost a hundred years later.Another woman was also almost a century out of date with her knowledge, guessing that Abraham Lincoln signed the Declaration of Independence. She then topped her ignorance again by claiming that this occurred in 1964.When a man is asked,  What country did we declare our independence from, his wife responds,  California,  before the man says,  I don t know,  but still assures Dice that he will be celebrating the occasion anyway.Yet another woman was unable to name one of the founding fathers of America, while a man walked away as soon as he heard the question.It was left to a man on vacation from Italy to finally answer correctly that America celebrated its independence from Britain in 1776.The video correlates with numerous polls that illustrate the staggering level of ignorance many Americans have when it comes to the founding of their own country.A 2011 Maris poll found that,  Only 58 percent of residents know that the United States declared its independence in 1776.  Around a quarter of U.S. citizens have no idea who America declared its independence from.The numbers are even more depressing when it comes to America s youth. 14 per cent of teens think that the U.S. declared independence from France, while another 5 per cent thought it was Canada.Going on the anecdotal evidence of this video, if anything those figures aren t likely to have improved over the last four years.Via: InfoWars",0
17230,UPDATE: JUDGE ORDERS CANCELLATION OF REDSKINS TRADEMARK REGISTRATION – WASHINGTON REDSKIN’S NEW STADIUM CONSTRUCTION HELD HOSTAGE BY PETTY OBAMA ADMINISTRATION,"UPDATE ON THE REDSKINS BATTLE WITH THE FEDS:ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP)   A federal judge has ordered the Patent and Trademark Office to cancel registration of the Washington Redskins  trademark, ruling that the team name may be disparaging to Native Americans.The ruling Wednesday by Judge Gerald Bruce Lee affirms an earlier finding by an administrative appeal board.In his 70-page ruling, Lee emphasized that the organization is still free to use the name if it wishes   the team would just lose some legal protections that go along with federal registration of a trademark.The team had sued to overturn a ruling against it by the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board. The team argued that cancellation of its trademark infringed on its free-speech rights because it required the government to judge whether the name is offensive.The organization can appeal.Via: scrippsmediaThe left is holding hostage new construction of the Washington Redskins stadium for a petty desire to get their way. Demanding a name change from the Redskins to something they consider more pc is total bs. The American Indians who have already responded in favor of keeping the team name understand the name isn t offensive and understand the history behind the name. This is just more of Obama s effort to cleanse our nation of anything HE deems offensive.Efforts to lure the Washington Redskins back to the District have come up against a potentially insurmountable challenge: the Obama administration s objections to the team s name.Interior Secretary Sally Jewell told D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser this spring that the National Park Service, which owns the land beneath Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium, was unlikely to accommodate construction of a new stadium for the Redskins unless the team changes its name.Jewell oversees both national park land and America s trust and treaty relationships with Native American tribes.Her decision not to extend the District s lease of the RFK land badly hinders Bowser s bid to return the Redskins to D.C.   and boosts efforts to lure the team across the Potomac to Northern Virginia.Since joining the Obama administration two years ago, Jewell has repeatedly echoed the president s concern that the name is offensive to Native Americans. Last fall she called the name a  relic of the past  that should be changed. Personally, I think we would never consider naming a team the  Blackskins  or the  Brownskins  or the  Whiteskins.  So, personally, I find it surprising that in this day and age, the name is not different,  Jewell told ABC News.Jewell reiterated that position with Bowser (D) at an April 27 meeting, telling the mayor that she was unlikely to rework the lease terms for a stadium in part because of the team s name, according to a Department of the Interior spokeswoman, Jessica Kershaw.Team owner Daniel Snyder, who insists that the moniker honors Native Americans, has vowed never to change it.Bowser, jockeying with Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) to land the team s new stadium, had inquired with Park Service officials about extending the District s lease for the RFK property to allow for a new stadium. Extending the lease would also require congressional action.[Tug of war for new Redskins stadium is complicated by name debate]Jewell  did mention in that meeting that she was uncomfortable with the name,  Kershaw said.  The president has said something similar, that he is uncomfortable with the name, and she clearly clarified that position. Read more: WaPo",0
17231,CASTRO DEMANDS THE RETURN OF “ILLEGALLY OCCUPIED” GITMO BEFORE RESTORING DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS,"Obama must have added this to the deal so he can move to close GITMO. He s just itching to release more terrorists and close GITMO because it s clear his legacy is more important than the safety and security of Americans. As President Obama announced that Cuba was restoring full diplomatic relations, reopening embassies in Washington and Havana after more than five decades, Cuba was once again demanding the U.S. return Guantanamo to the country. To achieve normalization [of diplomatic relations] it will be essential also that the territory illegally occupied by the Guantanamo Naval Base is returned,  read a declaration posted on Granma, the official organ of the Communist Party in the island.The Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, home to Guantanamo Bay detention camp since 2012, is located on 45 square miles of a bay the U.S. leased for use as a coaling and naval station in 1903.In the 700-word declaration, the Cuban government also demands the U.S. end the transmission of anti-Castro radio and television broadcasts on the island.The demands echo, almost word by word, those made by President Raul Castro back in January, during the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States summit on Costa Rica. Radio and television transmissions to Cuba ( ) are in violation of international law and are harmful to our sovereignty policies,  the declaration reads, while demanding also that  programs aimed at promoting internal subversion and destabilization be stopped. Obama announced Wednesday that the U.S. and Cuba will reopen their embassies in Havana and Washington, heralding a  new chapter  in relations after a half-century of hostility.  We don t have to be imprisoned by the past,  Obama said from White House Rose Garden.  Americans and Cubans alike are ready to move forward. Read more: FOX NEWS LATINO",0
17232,POLL: NEGATIVE VIEW OF SUPREME COURT HITS NINE-YEAR HIGH,"Is it any wonder that the left leaning Supreme Court is looked at in a negative way? Negative views of the U.S. Supreme Court are at their highest level in nearly nine years of regular surveying. But positive opinions are also up to a less dramatic three-year high.Reflecting the strong reaction to two major decisions by the court last week, 33% of Likely U.S. Voters now rate the performance of the Supreme Court as poor, according to a new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey. That s up from 22% in late May and only the second time poor marks for the court have crept into the 30s in surveys since November 2006.Via: Rasmussen",0
17233,IS PUERTO RICO THE NEXT DETROIT?,"This entire situation with Puerto Rico reminds me of the bailouts with the financial industry. It s just like the  too big to fail  mantra we all heard during the financial crisis. Obama has already sent a  task force  to assess the situation but to what end? Yes, this might be one of those  too big to fail  situations that we really can t afford but under Obama it s gonna happen Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla is hoping to defer debt payments while negotiating with creditors, much as Detroit was forced to do. The governor warned that Puerto Rico can t pay its $72 billion public debt as international economists release a critical report on the island s economy, delivering another jolt to the recession-gripped U.S. island as well as a world financial system already worrying over Greece s collapsing finances.Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla is hoping to defer debt payments while negotiating with creditors, spokesman Jesus Manuel Ortiz said Sunday night. Detroit was forced to make a similar move with the help of emergency manager Kevyn Orr, who went on to try and dig Atlantic City out of its own financial hole.By comparison, notes CNN, Detroit shed $7 billion in debt over the course of its attempt to turn the financial ship around. Puerto Rico s state-owned power company PREPA is itself $9 billion in the red.Garcia is expected to air a pre-recorded televised address as legislators continue to debate a $9.8 billion budget that calls for $674 million in cuts and sets aside $1.5 billion to help pay off the debt. The budget has to be approved by Tuesday. Ortiz confirmed comments by Padilla that appeared in a report in The New York Times published late Sunday.  There is no other option. I would love to have an easier option. This is not politics, this is math,  Garcia is quoted as saying in the Times.Puerto Rico s bonds were popular with U.S. mutual funds because they were tax-free, but hedge funds and distressed-debt buyers began stepping in to buy up debt as the island s economy worsened and its credit rating dropped. Garcia s comments will likely not have much impact on Wall Street, said economist Jose Villamil, a former U.N. consultant and CEO of an economic and planning consulting firm.  The markets are clear that Puerto Rico is heading to a direction of a restructuring or default,  said the economist, adding that a voluntary restructuring by bondholders might be the best option.  The last four administrations have kicked the can down the road,  said Villamil.  At this point, there is no more can to kick. So we re going to take some very strict measures and some very profound measures. It s going to hurt, but there s no way out. Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
17234,BREAKING: SUPREME COURT BLOCKS TEXAS ABORTION RESTRICTIONS,"Wow! The liberal Supreme Court s really making their views known with the past few decisions. Thank goodness for the ACLJ and all the good work they do: This afternoon, the Supreme Court of the United States ordered to stay the Fifth Circuit s ruling upholding the common-sense abortion restrictions passed by Texas in 2013. In a 5-4 vote with Chief Justice Roberts, Justice Scalia, Justice Thomas, and Justice Alito dissenting, the Court granted the application to stay the 5th Circuit decision.As The New York Times reports:The Supreme Court on Monday allowed nine Texas abortion clinics to remain open while the justices consider whether to hear an appeal from a decision effectively ordering them to close. [ ]The case concerns two parts of a state law that imposes strict requirements on abortion providers. One requires all abortion clinics in the state to meet the standards for  ambulatory surgical centers,  including regulations concerning buildings, equipment and staffing. The other requires doctors performing abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital.Other parts of the law took effect in 2013, causing about half of the state s 41 abortion clinics to close. If the contested provisions take effect, abortion rights advocates said, the number of clinics will again be halved. The Associated Press has more details:The Supreme Court order will remain in effect at least until the court decides whether to hear the clinics  appeal of the lower court ruling, not before the fall.The court s decision to block the regulations is a strong indication that the justices will hear the full appeal, which could be the biggest abortion case at the Supreme Court in nearly 25 years. The ACLJ is mobilizing all of our resources to continue to support Texas as it stands up for the health of women and the lives of unborn babies.At the Fifth Circuit, we filed an amicus brief detailing the dangers of unregulated abortion and the abortion industry s deceptions.We are preparing to file briefs at the Supreme Court to vigorously defend this pro-life law and aggressively protect the lives of thousands of unborn babies and women in need.Our pro-life advocacy is vital in defending the constitutional rights of pro-life crisis pregnancy centers, protecting the health of women and children, and urging Congress to be a voice for the voiceless.Via: ACLJ ",0
17235,BREAKING: THE SUPREME COURT RULES AGAINST THE EPA ON POWER PLANT REGULATIONS,"SHOCKER! Great news that the EPA was shot down on their overreaching regulations. Justice Scalia got this one right when he wrote that it s not appropriate to impose billions of dollars of economic costs for little benefit in return.The Supreme Court has ruled against federal regulators  attempt to limit power plant emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants.The rules began to take effect in April, but the court said by a 5-4 vote Monday that the Environmental Protection Agency failed to take their cost into account when the agency first decided to regulate the toxic emissions from coal- and oil-fired plants.The challenge was brought by industry groups and 21 Republican-led states.Writing for the court, Justice Antonin Scalia said it is not appropriate to impose billions of dollars of economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits.The case now goes back to lower courts for the EPA to decide how to account for costs.",0
17236,(VIDEO) TREY GOWDY ON BENGHAZI AND POSSIBILITY OF KERRY TESTIFYING,Hillary Clinton hasn t given up all the e-mails? ,0
17237,"FEDS ISSUE TERROR ALERT FOR JULY 4TH…WAIT, I THOUGHT OBAMA SAID ISIS IS JUST A JV TEAM?!","FBI  and Homeland Security are sending out warning regarding terror threats on July 4th. If you re traveling during this very American holiday, please keep your eyes and ears open. See something SAY SOMETHING!WAIT WHAT? I THOUGHT OBAMA SAID ISIS IS JUST A JV TEAM!Federal authorities have warned local law enforcement officials across the country about a heightened concern involving possible terror attacks targeting the July 4th holiday, a U.S. law enforcement official said.While there was no specific or credible threat of attack, the official said the intelligence bulletin prepared by the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI alerted local colleagues to the ongoing threats posed by the Islamic State and other homegrown extremists. The official was not authorized to comment publicly.The bulletins are frequently issued in advance of major U.S. holidays out of an abundance of caution and concern that operatives may exploit the timing to generate greater attention.The warning comes as federal investigators have worked to disrupt a number of Islamic State-inspired plots, including a planned assault earlier this month on police officers in Boston. In that case, authorities fatally shot Usaamah Rahim as he allegedly planned to attack police with military-style knives.Also this month, a New York suspect in a Islamic State-related terror investigation was arrested after attacking an FBI agent with a kitchen knife during a search of his home.Fareed Mumuni, 21, was charged with attempted murder, after he emerged as a suspect in alleged plots to use pressure-cooker explosives and knives to attack police.In a statement Friday following attacks in Tunisia, France and Kuwait, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said local law enforcement was being encouraged to be  vigilant and prepared  in preparation for July 4th celebrations. We will also adjust security measures, seen and unseen, as necessary to protect the American people,  Johnson said.  We continue to encourage all Americans to attend public events and celebrate this country during this summer season, but always remain vigilant. Via: USA Today",0
17238,BREAKING: OBAMA’S DOJ TO FAST TRACK $29 MILLION TO THE 9 FAMILIES OF CHARLESTON SHOOTING VICTIMS,"This government grant is taxpayer dollars and it is beyond over-the-top. This was not done for the fallen police officers who were victims of domestic terrorism. Obama is always talking about everyone being equal well, this is obviously NOT equal and is very indulgent since it works out to about $3.2 million per family. WASHINGTON (Reuters)   The Justice Department will fast track the sending of $29 million to South Carolina to help families of victims of the mass murder of nine churchgoers at a historic black church in Charleston, a Justice Department spokesman said on Friday.An unspecified portion of the money, allocated under the government s national Crime Victim Assistance Formula Grant program, can be used to provide services to the families of victims of the shootings at Emmanuel AME Church, spokesman Kevin Lewis said.Via: Yahoo",0
17239,USDA MIGHT WANT TO RETHINK REMOVING COUNTRY OF ORIGIN FROM MEAT AFTER CHINESE MEATPACKERS BUSTED FOR THIS…,"Yuck! It s bad enough that China had a dog meat festival last week but now this! The USDA just removed the country of origin off of meat but it needs to come back ASAP! If there s meat smuggling going on you really don t know where it originated, but if it s China I would like to make the informed choice not to buy their meat for this reason:Chinese authorities have seized more than 100,000 tonnes of smuggled meat   some of it more than 40 years old, according to state media.The frozen meat, estimated to be worth about  300 million (3bn yuan; $483m), was seized in a nationwide crackdown. It was smelly and I nearly threw up when I opened the door,  an official from Hunan province, where 800 tonnes were seized, told the AFP news agency. Poor standards have made food safety a major concern in China. According to state newspaper the China Daily, officials from Guangxi, a southern region bordering Vietnam, found meat dating back to the 1970s. Thawed several times Some of the meat seized in Hunan province was found to have been refrozen after thawing out while in transit, according to the reports. Yang Bo, an anti-smuggling official in Hunan province, was quoted as saying food was often transported in ordinary rather than refrigerated vehicles to save money.  So the meat has often thawed out several times before reaching customers,  he said. The Hunan province haul reportedly included beef, chicken feet and duck necks. Authorities believe meat is smuggled into China via neighbouring Hong Kong and Vietnam, from countries such as Brazil and India, to sidestep import restrictions.Read more: BBC",0
17240,THE ‘IN YOUR FACE’ ACTIVISM OF OUR SUPREME COURT JUSTICES: How America Has Accepted 4 Judges Who Will Never Render An Objective Opinion,"Yes, that s Justice Ginsberg presiding over a gay marriage. How objective did America think she would be with her decision? Last week was a glaring example of why it might be time to have term limits on the Supreme Court. Anyone who thinks the decisions weren t political is nuts. We now have a Supreme Court that ignores the rule of law and the Constitution fundamental transformation?Andrew McCarthy gives a fantastic assessment of what went down with the SCOTUS last week:But this Court is not a legislature.  Chief Justice John Roberts actually published that sentence in his same-sex marriage dissent on Friday . . . a mere 24 hours after his maestro s performance in the Supreme Court s legislative rewrite of the Affordable Care Act   formerly known as  Obamacare,  but now etched in memory as  SCOTUScare,  thanks to Justice Antonin Scalia s withering dissent.Roberts s denial that the Court legislates is astonishing in its cynicism: In saving SCOTUScare, the chief justice not only usurped Congress s law-writing role with gusto; he claimed the powers, first, to divine legislative purpose from its contradictory expression in legislative language, and, then, to manufacture legislative ambiguity as the pretext for twisting the language to serve the contrived purpose. It takes a Clintonian quantum of cheek to pull that off one day and, on the next, to inveigh against the very thought of it.Already, an ocean of ink has been spilled analyzing, lauding, and bemoaning the Supreme Court s work this week: a second life line tossed to SCOTUScare in just three years; the location of a heretofore unknown constitutional right to same-sex marriage almost a century-and-a-half after the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment; and the refashioning of Congress s Fair Housing Act to embrace legal academe s loopy  disparate impact  theory of inducing discrimination.Yet, for all the non-stop commentary, one detail goes nearly unmentioned   the omission that best explains this week s Fundamental Transformation trifecta.Did you notice that there was not an iota of speculation about how the four Progressive justices would vote? There was never a shadow of a doubt. In the plethora of opinions generated by these three cases, there is not a single one authored by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan, or Sonia Sotomayor. There was no need. They are the Left s voting bloc. There was a better chance that the sun would not rise this morning than that any of them would wander off the reservation.How can that be? Jurisprudence is complex. Supple minds, however likeminded, will often diverge, sometimes dramatically, on principles of constitutional adjudication, canons of statutory construction, murky separation-of-powers boundaries, the etymology of language, and much else. Witness, for example, the spirited debate between the Court s two originalists, Scalia and Clarence Thomas, over a statute that, in defiance of Obama policy, treats Jerusalem as sovereign Israeli territory.But not the Court s lefties, not on the major cases.And it is not so much that they move in lockstep. It is that no one expects them to do anything but move in lockstep   not their fellow justices, not the political branches, and certainly not the commentariat, right or left.It is simply accepted that these justices are not there to judge. They are there to vote. They get to the desired outcome the same way disparate-impact voodoo always manages to get to discrimination: Start at the end and work backwards. Guiding precedents are for the quaint business of administering justice. In the social justice business, the road never before traveled will do if one less traveled is unavailable.But there s a problem. Once it has become a given that a critical mass of the Supreme Court is no longer expected, much less obliged, to do law, then the Court is no longer a legal institution. It is a political institution.That is where we are. We should thus drop the pretense that the Court is a tribunal worthy of the protections our system designed for a non-political entity   life-tenure, insulation from elections, and the veil of secrecy that shrouds judicial deliberations.If the justices are going to do politics, they should be in electoral politics. If John Roberts is going to write laws on the days when he isn t posing as powerless to write laws, if Anthony Kennedy truly believes the country craves his eccentric notion of liberty (one that condemns government restraints on marriage 24 hours after it tightens government s noose around one-sixth of the U.S. economy), then their seats should not be in an insulated third branch of government. They should be in an accountable third chamber of Congress.If, for old times  sake, we want to maintain some harmless vestige of the charade, then let them keep wearing their robes to work   for at least as long as they can persuade voters to keep them in these jobs. Let s dispense, though, with the fiction that their judgments are the product of legal acumen rather than sheer will.Read more at: National Review",0
17241,BIG BROTHER: FEDS WANT YOUR DOCTOR TO WARN YOU ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING,"totally out of bounds! This is so wrong and so crazy because anyone with half a brain knows this is junk science. What does Obama mean by real change in the statement below:President Obama said in a taped speech presented to medical professionals gathered at the White House,  to get to work to raise awareness and organize folks for real change.  Americans trust their doctors, so the White House wants these medical professionals to be a mouthpiece for President Obama s global warming agenda. We also need doctors, nurses and citizens, like all of you  President Obama said in a taped speech presented to medical professionals gathered at the White House,  to get to work to raise awareness and organize folks for real change. The Obama administration has been hard at work trying to draw a link between global warming and public health issues. The summit included the U.S. Surgeon General, top administration officials, and public health experts from around the country telling doctors, nurses and other conference goers how to talk about global warming with their patients.The central message: doctors should warn their patients that global warming could make their health worse.Read more: Daily Caller",0
17242,GAY MARRIAGE APPROVED BY SUPREME COURT With Ironic Dissenting Opinion From Justice Roberts: “But this court is not a legislature”,"The  Fundamental Transformation  of America is almost complete. Even Barack Hussein Obama must be surprised by how few hurdles have been placed in his way In less than 24 hours, our leftist US Supreme Court delivered not one, but two sucker punches to the heart of America. The acts of these radical judicial activists will have a dramatic effect on our society and culture in the United States of America.    The Supreme Court declared Friday that same-sex couples have a right to marry anywhere in the United States.Gay and lesbian couples already could marry in 36 states and the District of Columbia. The court s 5-4 ruling means the remaining 14 states, in the South and Midwest, will have to stop enforcing their bans on same-sex marriage.The outcome is the culmination of two decades of Supreme Court litigation over marriage, and gay rights generally. Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote the majority opinion, just as he did in the court s previous three major gay rights cases dating back to 1996. It came on the anniversary of two of those earlier decisions. No union is more profound than marriage,  Kennedy wrote, joined by the court s four more liberal justices.The four dissenting justices each filed a separate opinion explaining their views. But this court is not a legislature. Whether same-sex marriage is a good idea should be of no concern to us,  Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in dissent. Roberts read a summary of his dissent from the bench, the first time he has done so in nearly 10 years as chief justice.Justice Antonin Scalia said he is not concerned so much about same-sex marriage, but about  this court s threat to American democracy.  Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas also dissented.The ruling will not take effect immediately because the court gives the losing side roughly three weeks to ask for reconsideration. But some state officials and county clerks might decide there is little risk in issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.The cases before the court involved laws from Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee that define marriage as the union of a man and a woman. Those states have not allowed same-sex couples to marry within their borders and they also have refused to recognize valid marriages from elsewhere.Just two years ago, the Supreme Court struck down part of the federal anti-gay marriage law that denied a range of government benefits to legally married same-sex couples.The decision in United States v. Windsor did not address the validity of state marriage bans, but courts across the country, with few exceptions, said its logic compelled them to invalidate state laws that prohibited gay and lesbian couples from marrying.The number of states allowing same-sex marriage has grown rapidly. As recently as October, just over one-third of the states permitted same-sex marriage.There are an estimated 390,000 married same-sex couples in the United States, according to UCLA s Williams Institute, which tracks the demographics of gay and lesbian Americans. Another 70,000 couples living in states that do not currently permit them to wed would get married in the next three years, the institute says. Roughly 1 million same-sex couples, married and unmarried, live together in the United States, the institute says.Via: AP News ",0
17243,[Video] BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT SAYS OBAMA’S ‘Clean Power Plan’ Will Increase Black Poverty By 23 Percent,"America s  First Black President  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community We ve got a bad guy in the family, but protect him because he s family.  We ve got to wake up, slap ourselves and wake up. This is America and everybody s involved in this and if our children are hurting, it s our responsibility to find someone who understands that pain, feels it like Bill Clinton would say. This guy doesn t feel it. In fact he issues a lot of that pain, with a smile.  Harry Alford, Black Chamber of Commerce President (Hannity, February 26, 2013)",0
17244,THEY LAID THEIR LIVES ON THE LINE FOR US….We Give Them Hospitals With Rats Dropping From The Ceiling And Cockroaches In Their Food,"Unimaginable unforgivable It s not the sort of email the infection control director of a veterans hospital wants to find in their inbox   a message with photos of dead rats found in a hospital kitchen.Workers at the James A. Haley VA Medical Center reported  3 large dead rats that fell through the kitchen ceiling  at the hospital during renovation work Wednesday night, according to emails obtained by the Tampa Bay Times.They then sent color photos of the rats to the facility s infection prevention coordinator, Miriam Ruisz, and also told her about a cockroach infestation, emails show. I have . . . been made aware that there is a major roach problem in the kitchen and that some roaches have been found on patients  trays,  Ruisz wrote in an email Thursday to the Haley  enviro team,  which handles pest control.Ruisz said she was told workers replacing a canteen ceiling two months ago  filled multiple buckets with roaches, dead rats and feces. . . . Please let me know if there is an ongoing problem with this infestation and what is being done about it. . . . We could possibly end up on the news, not to mention risk patient safety. After  patient safety,  Ruisz ended the sentence with an emoticon showing a frowning face.The infection control chief may not have know about the rat infestation until this week. But other Haley employees did. In fact, emails show that workers have been putting rat traps above ceiling tiles in a kitchen where food is prepared for veterans who are hospital patients.Haley spokeswoman Karen Collins said in a statement emailed to the Times that the Department of Veterans Affairs hospital, one of the nation s busiest, works hard to provide  the safest and best experience possible  for veterans. Being in a tropical, urban environment, we are keenly aware of the potential of, and continually monitor for, any pest control issues,  Collins said.  Recently, we observed an uptick in reported pest-related activities. . . . We have developed an aggressive and proactive plan to address it. That included recently awarding a new five-year contract to a pest control firm, she said. If an issue is identified, the pest control team responds to eliminate it,  Collins said.The Times reported in 2013 that rat droppings had been found in a Haley storage area containing nursing supplies. But hospital officials said at that time the droppings were from  old rodent activity  and that no ongoing pest problem existed.Internal emails and other documents indicate Haley officials now face a pest problem in at least two areas of the hospital.The first is in the facility kitchen on the first floor of the main hospital building that prepares food served to veterans. This is where the rats were found. The second area involves a smaller kitchen on the second floor at the hospital canteen, where veterans, employees and visitors can buy food.In an email to Ruisz and other hospital officials Thursday, Ellen Tolson, who works in Haley nutrition services, said the hospital had hired new pest control contractors who  treated for roaches  on June 10. Tolson said they were going to be back at the facility Thursday night after the latest reports of problems.A pest control contractor insisted to Tolson that he did not see evidence in the main kitchen of an active roach infestation due to a lack of roach droppings, according to Tolson s email. The email did not appear to address the canteen kitchen. Initially, he did not feel there was feces at all,  Tolson said.  But I continued to ask him about every speck I could find until we possibly found one that was feces-like. Despite finding this possible feces-like dirt, he still did not think there is an active issue because there was no  shine  to the questionable dirt we found. As for the bigger pests, Tolson wrote in the email, the three dead rats and a dead mouse were  all found in the ceiling above our ingredient control room  in the main hospital kitchen.Tolson said she asked employees who work on Haley s ceiling fire sprinklers about  rodent issues  in the main kitchen. They reported seeing, she said, live rats inside the traps. They told me, while working in the kitchen since June 4, they have found multiple rodent traps in our ceiling, and they also told me that they have seen  eyes  looking back at them when up in the ceiling in the corner of the kitchen looking back toward the vending area,  Tolson said.The basement crawl space under the kitchen appears to be filthy and strewn with bugs and debris, according to photos of the area obtained by the Times that were taken in December by VA contractors.Haley safety and infection control officials warned VA employees in late 2014 via email that anyone entering this basement area should wear gloves, a full-face respirator and a full-body protective suit.Via: Tampabay.com",0
17245,SAY WHAT? AMAZON TELLS CUSTOMER THEY WERE FORCED BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT To Remove Confederate Flag From Website,"When it comes to limiting our free speech, nothing this lawless government does should surprise us. Under  normal  circumstances, I would question the validity of this claim, but we are no longer living under  normal  circumstances Amazon.com staff are telling irate customers that the company was ordered by the federal government not to sell items featuring the Confederate flag in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.Amazon made the announcement this week, along with eBay, Sears and Walmart, that it would no longer sell products bearing the rebel flag, but according to a conversation posted on YouTube between a customer and an Amazon sales rep, the decision could have been made as a result of pressure from the government.At first the Amazon staffer claims that the items were banned because they were deemed to be offensive, but when pressed by the customer, the sales rep tells a different story. Is this a political statement by Amazon.com or is this a directive that you re following, that the government said you know we want you guys not to sell these anymore?  asks the caller. The government is not allowing us to sell this Confederate flag,  responds the staffer. So the government is not allowing you .to sell it?  asks the caller, to which the sales rep responds,  yes. So Amazon is not making a political statement, this is something the government told you to do?  questions the caller. Exactly,  responds the staffer.Via: InfoWars",0
17246,Judge Napolitano Slams SCOTUS Ruling on Obamacare, ,0
17247,DEMOCRATS THREATEN KIDS EDUCATION: CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION DEMANDS RAISES AS Chicago Public Schools Run Out Of Money In One Week,"It s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the Democrats who run the city of Chicago along with Chicago Teachers Union president, Karen Lewis, one of the most hard-core radical, leftist s in the business. It s T-minus one week for Chicago Public Schools.As schools let out for the summer, CPS administrators are scrambling to come up with a more than $600 million teacher pension payment due at the end of the month and the district has zero reserves, according to media reports.The problem is further compounded by a more than $1 billion school budget shortfall for the next fiscal year and an angry teachers union hell bent on securing another raise the district can t afford. With no plan, no money and no where to turn, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel seems to be focused solely on a state bailout as the solution. Springfield has to step up and help in this case, not only as it relates to just the pension payment, (but also) the educational opportunities of our children,  Emanuel said, according to the Chicago Tribune.  Because a payment will then begin to impact   the classroom. And CTU could soon partner with its mortal enemies at City Hall to lobby state lawmakers for more money. Right now, the district needs us,  CTU VP Jesse Sharkey told the news site.  The politics of (Chicago Mayor) Rahm Emanuel going to Springfield are a lot different than the politics of Rahm Emanuel and (CTU President) Karen Lewis going to Springfield. The dire financial situation comes amid a federal investigation into a $20 million no-bid contract to a previous employer of former CPS superintendent Barbara Byrd-Bennett, who resigned this month. It feels like a complete mess,  Better Government Association senior editor Sarah Karp told ABC 7.Karp doesn t think recently elected Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner, who ran on a platform of fiscal restraint and criticized union influence in Illinois, is receptive to calls for a bailout. He previously suggested that bankruptcy may be the best way out for CPS, ABC 7 reports. Now, Chicago Public Schools does not have somebody in the State House that is a Democrat or is seemingly sympathetic at all to what s going on here,  Karp said.Meanwhile, school ended for the summer on Friday, and principals around the city are left scratching their heads in planning for next school year. Normally you do your planning in the summer and you can t do too much planning without the actual dollar amount,  Coles Language Academy principal Jeff Dase told ABC 7.Dase said many Chicago principals are concerned that the budget turmoil, and looming possibility of layoffs and program cuts, could convince many of the city s teachers to seek jobs elsewhere.The Tribune reports the city council could authorize CPS to increase taxes on residents, or secure some sort of bailout, or negotiate concessions with CTU, but not even all three combined could put the budget back on track. And then there s another $228 million payment coming due for costs related to interest rate swaps on the district s debt.    (E)ven if CPS wins concession from the City Council, state lawmakers and CTU, the district won t be able to close its annual $1 billion budget gap, according to a May 22 report by Ernst & Young, which spent four weeks meeting with school finance officials and analyzing budget documents,  the Tribune reports. The report shows that even with a capital improvement tax, a separate, even-larger property tax increase, additional state aid, increased state funding of teacher pensions, concessions from the CTU and $150 million with of budget cuts, CPS would still face an annual $350 million shortfall. Next June s teacher pension payment is set to balloon to $700 million. Via: EAG News",0
17248,OBAMA JUST GAVE TERRORISTS INCENTIVE TO KIDNAP AMERICANS WITH RECKLESS NEW HOSTAGE POLICY,"THIS ADMINISTRATION HAS TO BE THE MOST BUMBLING AND CLUELESS ONE EVER! They ve just incentivized kidnapping and holding hostage anyone and everyone the terrorists think they can get a ransom out of. Brilliant GENERAL JOHN R. ALLEN ON RANSOM FOR HOSTAGES: What is hard to prove is how many Americans have not been kidnapped as a result of the fact that the enemy knows they will not get a penny from us,  said Gen. John R. Allen, who recently retired as the top commander in Afghanistan. The fact that there are Americans in the region who were never taken because they knew there was no advantage to doing so needs to be factored in. The Obama administration was accused Wednesday of giving terrorists an incentive to kidnap as it unveiled a hostage policy overhaul allowing families of U.S. hostages to pay ransom   and allowing the U.S. government to help families communicate with captors. This doesn t fix anything,  Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., a leading critic of the administration s hostage policy, told Fox News.  The money that we re going to be paying ISIS is going to be used to buy arms and to buy equipment to fight Americans and to fight the Iraqis. But the White House said the changes are being unveiled with the families and victims in mind. We re not going to abandon you. We re going to stand by you,  Obama said of hostages  families, speaking at the White House on Wednesday.The policy review was formally released shortly before noon, and includes a host of changes beyond the clarifications on ransom discussions   notably, the creation of a new bureaucratic structure for handling hostage cases.The White House plans to establish a Hostage Recovery Fusion Cell responsible for coordinating the recovery of hostages; a Hostage Response Group responsible for coordinating hostage policies; and the position of  special presidential envoy for hostage affairs.  Obama said this is being done to sync up various efforts, citing past coordination problems.Read more: FOX News",0
17249,FBI FILES REVEALED: VALERIE JARRETT’S FAMILY TIES TO COMMUNISM RUN DEEP,"I m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. Many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into Valerie Jarrett s own family. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) files obtained by Judicial Watch reveal that the dad, maternal grandpa and father-in-law of President Obama s trusted senior advisor, Valerie Jarrett, were hardcore Communists under investigation by the U.S. government.Jarrett s dad, pathologist and geneticist Dr. James Bowman, had extensive ties to Communist associations and individuals, his lengthy FBI file shows. In 1950 Bowman was in communication with a paid Soviet agent named Alfred Stern, who fled to Prague after getting charged with espionage. Bowman was also a member of a Communist-sympathizing group called the Association of Internes and Medical Students. After his discharge from the Army Medical Corps in 1955, Bowman moved to Iran to work, the FBI records show.According to Bowman s government file the Association of Internes and Medical Students is an organization that  has long been a faithful follower of the Communist Party line  and engages in un-American activities. Bowman was born in Washington D.C. and had deep ties to Chicago, where he often collaborated with fellow Communists. JW also obtained documents on Bowman from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) showing that the FBI was brought into investigate him for his membership in a group that  follows the communist party line.  The Jarrett family Communist ties also include a business partnership between Jarrett s maternal grandpa, Robert Rochon Taylor, and Stern, the Soviet agent associated with her dad.Jarrett s father-in-law, Vernon Jarrett, was also another big-time Chicago Communist, according to separate FBI files obtained by JW as part of a probe into the Jarrett family s Communist ties. For a period of time Vernon Jarrett appeared on the FBI s Security Index and was considered a potential Communist saboteur who was to be arrested in the event of a conflict with the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). His FBI file reveals that he was assigned to write propaganda for a Communist Party front group in Chicago that would  disseminate the Communist Party line among the middle class. It s been well documented that Valerie Jarrett, a Chicago lawyer and longtime Obama confidant, is a liberal extremist who wields tremendous power in the White House. Faithful to her roots, she still has connections to many Communist and extremist groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood. Jarrett and her family also had strong ties to Frank Marshal Davis, a big Obama mentor and Communist Party member with an extensive FBI file.JW has exposed Valerie Jarrett s many transgressions over the years, including her role in covering up a scandalous gun-running operation carried out by the Department of Justice (DOJ). Last fall JW obtained public records that show Jarrett was a key player in the effort to cover up that Attorney General Eric Holder lied to Congress about the Fast and Furious, a disastrous experiment in which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco Firearms and Explosives (ATF) allowed guns from the U.S. to be smuggled into Mexico so they could eventually be traced to drug cartels. Instead, federal law enforcement officers lost track of hundreds of weapons which have been used in an unknown number of crimes, including the murder of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in Arizona.In 2008 JW got documents linking Valerie Jarrett, who also served as co-chairman of Obama s presidential transition team, to a series of real estate scandals, including several housing projects operated by convicted felon and Obama fundraiser/friend Antoin  Tony  Rezko. According to the documents obtained from the Illinois Secretary of State, Valerie Jarrett served as a board member for several organizations that provided funding and support for Chicago slum projects operated by Tony Rezco.Via: Judicial Watch",0
17250,EPA CHIEF: ‘CLIMATE DENIERS’ AREN’T NORMAL PEOPLE,"What s with the cultish attitude coming from our EPA chief? This is so creepy and Orwellian but the big push on climate change has even sucked in the Pope. EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy told an audience Tuesday gathered at a White House conference  normal people,  not  climate deniers  will win the debate on global warming.McCarthy s remarks came as she was talking about the reasons why the EPA put out a report on the negative health impacts global warming will have on public health. She said the agency puts out such reports to educate the public, not answer critiques from global warming skeptics. I am doing that not to push back on climate deniers,  McCarthy told doctors, health professionals and others gathered at a White House summit.  You can have fun doing that if you want, but I ve batted my head against the wall too many times and if the science already hasn t changed their mind it never will. McCarthy then remarked how  normal people,  and not skeptics would eventually win the global warming debate. Implicit in her remarks is the contention that skeptics are somehow not  normal people. But in any democracy, it s not them that carries the day,  McCarthy said.  It is normal human beings that haven t put their stake into politics above science. It s normal human beings that want us to do the right thing, and we will if you help us. Read more: The Daily Caller",0
17251,GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE MARCO RUBIO CASTS DECIDING VOTE ON OBAMATRADE…Never Even Read It,"One more Republican doing his part to aid Obama in his fundamental transformation of America Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) cast the deciding vote for Obamatrade on Tuesday as it squeeked through the U.S. Senate 60-37, and his Senate office is still outright refusing to answer whether he even knew what he was voting on.Rubio, a Republican presidential candidate, was the deciding vote necessary for the U.S. Senate to clear the final 60-vote threshold and eventually, later this week, send to President Barack Obama s desk the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) bill that would fast-track at least three highly secretive trade deals that Obama has been negotiating for years.TPA will, now that it s going to pass, effectively ensure the congressional approval of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA) and Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP). The text of the TiSA and T-TIP agreements is currently entirely secretive, even to lawmakers on Capitol Hill and their staffs, though WikiLeaks did uncover several TiSA documents that leaked and prove the deal would surrender congressional power over U.S. immigration policy to the executive branch and perhaps to a newly created transnational entity.The TPP text for the Pacific Rim trade deal that Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% notes would give the Sultan of Brunei who has implemented Sharia Law in his nation and banned Christmas, literally an  equal vote to that of the United States,  on the other hand, is available for members of Congress to read. The only catch is they have to go to a secret room inside the Capitol basement for classified readings to read it in person, they can t take notes, and only their staffers with enough high enough security clearances can go with them to read it and their staff can t go without them.Before the Senate voted on TPA to fast track these deals the first time back in May, Breitbart News asked every Senate Republican if they read the text of the TPP before voting to fast-track it. Only a handful said they did.Sens. Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY)93% , Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)93% , Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% , Sen. James Lankford (R-OK)60% and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT)100% went to go read it. Rubio, on the other hand, was one of many who has consistently and repeatedly refused to answer whether he read the deal text. His office refuse to answer yet again on Tuesday whether he went to go read it before the first time he voted for TPA or before the second time he did on Tuesday s cloture vote and that means he s again choosing to give the public impression he did not read the text of the deal before he voted to fast track it through Congress.This could have significant implications for Rubio on the campaign trail as he seeks the Republican nomination for the presidency as activists in early states are furious with his decision to support Obamatrade when it s clear he doesn t know what he s talking about.New Hampshire conservative and Merrimack Councilman Bill Boyd, who s endorsed Paul for president, told Breitbart News while on a recent reporting trip to New Hampshire that he s upset that Rubio didn t read the deal before he voted to fast-track it. He s been the biggest advocate against Obamacare and the ACA, and for all the time Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)9% kept on saying  we have to pass this bill to find out what s in it,  Boyd said.You re telling me Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL)80% voted for a bill without reading it? Are you kidding? You know what, we elect people to go down there to represent us. At a bare minimum you have staff. Staff should be providing some kind of an executive summary. If it s a thousand pages, you should be cutting it up and giving it to staff and get 10 or 20 page synopses. If your staff can t bring a particular issue on in a two page memo than they have no idea what they re talking about. For Sen. Rubio to admit that, that s kind of surprising. That s kind of surprising not to read a document and make an opinion without even looking at it. You need to be able to formulate an opinion. If somebody gives you the cliff notes version of a bill, that s at least better than not reading it at all. So that s kind of surprising. For entire story by Matthew Boyle: Breitbart News",0
17252,FIND OUT IF YOUR SENATOR VOTED TO HELP OBAMA With The Fundamental Transformation Of America,"Remember Joni Ernst? Conservatives were so excited to see her win a Senate seat in Iowa. You may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015Senate Vote 218   Advances Trade Promotion AuthorityResult: Cloture Motion Agreed to by a margin of 0 votes Date of Vote: June 23, 2015 Time of Vote: 11:04 a.m. Roll Call Number: 218 Yes Votes (60) Lamar Alexander R TN Kelly Ayotte R NH John Barrasso R WY Michael Bennet D CO Roy Blunt R MO John Boozman R AR Richard M. Burr R NC Maria Cantwell D WA Shelley Moore Capito R WV Thomas R. Carper D DE Bill Cassidy R LA Daniel Coats R IN Thad Cochran R MS Christopher A. Coons D DE John Cornyn R TX Tom Cotton R AR Michael D. Crapo R ID Steve Daines R MT Michael B. Enzi R WY Joni Ernst R IA Dianne Feinstein D CA Deb Fischer R NE Jeff Flake R AZ Cory Gardner R CO Lindsey Graham R SC Charles E. Grassley R IA Orrin G. Hatch R UT Heidi Heitkamp D ND Dean Heller R NV John Hoeven R ND James M. Inhofe R OK Johnny Isakson R GA Ron Johnson R WI Tim Kaine D VA Mark Steven Kirk R IL James Lankford R OK John McCain R AZ Claire McCaskill D MO Mitch McConnell R KY Jerry Moran R KS Lisa Murkowski R AK Patty Murray D WA Bill Nelson D FL David Perdue R GA Rob Portman R OH Jim Risch R ID Pat Roberts R KS Mike Rounds R SD Marco Rubio R FL Ben Sasse R NE Tim Scott R SC Jeanne Shaheen D NH Dan Sullivan R AK John Thune R SD Thom Tillis R NC Patrick J. Toomey R PA David Vitter R LA Mark Warner D VA Roger Wicker R MS Ron Wyden D ORNo Votes (37) Tammy Baldwin D WI Richard Blumenthal D CT Cory Booker D NJ Barbara Boxer D CA Sherrod Brown D OH Benjamin L. Cardin D MD Bob Casey D PA Susan Collins R ME Ted Cruz R TX Joe Donnelly D IN Richard J. Durbin D IL Al Franken D MN Kirsten E. Gillibrand D NY Martin Heinrich D NM Mazie K. Hirono D HI Angus King I ME Amy Klobuchar D MN Patrick J. Leahy D VT Joe Manchin III D WV Edward J. Markey D MA Jeff Merkley D OR Barbara A. Mikulski D MD Christopher S. Murphy D CT Rand Paul R KY Gary Peters D MI Jack Reed D RI Harry Reid D NV Bernard Sanders I VT Brian Schatz D HI Charles E. Schumer D NY Jeff Sessions R AL Richard C. Shelby R AL Debbie Stabenow D MI Jon Tester D MT Tom Udall D NM Elizabeth Warren D MA Sheldon Whitehouse D RIDid Not Vote (3) Bob Corker R TN Mike Lee R UT Robert Menendez D NJVia: NYT s ",0
17253,"[VIDEO] OUR DIVIDER IN CHIEF, BARACK OBAMA, INVOKES “N” WORD During Interview","Our 44th President just doing his part to keep the racial fire stoked Barack Obama claimed the United States was still infected with racism   and dropped the N-word to make his point   in his first ever podcast interview released this morning. The President said:  Racism, we are not cured of it. And it s not just a matter of it not being polite to say n****r in public. That s not the measure of whether racism still exists or not. It s not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don t overnight completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior. The President said that attitudes about race had improved significantly since he was born to a white mother and black father 53 years ago.But the nation s history of slavery  casts a long shadow, and that s still part of our DNA that s passed on .Obama made the remarks in a podcast for comedian Marc Maron following the fatal shooting of nine people last Wednesday at a historical black church in Charleston, South Carolina.Echoing his own Thursday statement on the shootings, the President said the nation must determine how it can respect the rights of firearm owners while keeping weapons out of the hands of the mentally unstable. The question is just: is there a way of accommodating that legitimate set of traditions with some commonsense stuff that prevents a 21-year-old who is angry about something or confused about something, or is racist, or is deranged, from going into a gun store and suddenly is packing and can do enormous harm.  And that is not something that we have ever fully come to terms with. It is thought he was referring to Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old South Carolinian accused of killing nine congregants at Emanuel AME church in Charleston.Obama s interview with comedian Marc Maron for his podcast, WTF, was recorded on Friday but was not posted online until this morning.The President lamented how often he had to speak to the country  about a devastating loss  and added:  It s not enough just to feel bad. There are actions that could be taken to make events like this less likely. And one of those actions we could take would be to enhance some basic commonsense gun-safety laws that, by the way, the majority of gun owners support. He reiterated his Thursday claim that  there s no other advanced nation on earth that tolerates multiple shootings on a regular basis and considers it normal. And to some degree that s what s happened in this country. It s become something that we expect. The President claimed the common framing of shooting sprees was that  it s a crazy person   you can t help it .And he said gun control legislation had been stymied in Congress because  the grip of the NRA (National Rifle Association) on Congress is extremely strong .Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17254,[VIDEO] RINO STRATEGIST KARL ROVE HAS SOLUTION TO GUN VIOLENCE: Repeal Second Amendment,"Why does FOX News even give this guy a microphone? He lost his relevance about a decade ago, and yet FOX News still thinks Americans care about anything he has to say. He was against gun control before he was for it Republican strategist Karl Rove said on  Fox News Sunday  the only way to stop gun-related violence, like the Wednesday massacre at Emmanuel African Methodist Church in Charleston S.C., was to repeal American citizens  Second Amendment rights.When Chris Wallace asked Rove how we can,  stop the violence,  the long-time gun-rights advocate stated that we have made great strides as a nation in empathizing with the victims of these types of shootings, but the only way to guarantee they will stop is to  remove guns from society. What do you think?WALLACE: How do we stop the violence?What do you think? ROVE: I wish I had an easy answer for that, but I don t think there s an easy answerWhat do you think? We saw an act of evil. Racist, bigoted evil, and to me the amazing thing is that it was met with grief and love. Think about how far we ve come since 1963. The whole weight of the government throughout the South was to impede finding and holding and bringing to justice the men who perpetrated the [Birmingham] bombing.What do you think? And here, we saw an entire state, an entire community, an entire nation come together, grieving as one and united in the belief that this was an evil act, so we ve come a long way.What do you think? Now maybe there s some magic law that will keep us from having more of these. I mean basically the only way to guarantee that we will dramatically reduce acts of violence involving guns is to basically remove guns from society, and until somebody gets enough  oomph  to repeal the Second Amendment, that s not going to happen.Via: Daily Caller",0
17255,(VIDEO) JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND FBI CLASH ON WHETHER TO CALL CHARLESTON MURDERS TERRORISM OR A HATE CRIME,"The FBI defines terrorism as  the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives.  FBI Director says this will be investigated as a hate crime and not terrorism: ",0
17256,THE TOTAL COST TO TAXPAYERS FOR MOOCH’S EUROPEAN VACATION IS SICKENING,"And they re heading to Cape Cod next! Where does it end with these people? The optics of this are just awful! We have HUGE national debt and so many Americans are suffering yet Mooch takes a glam European vacation under the guise of a  goodwill  trip.  The Obama women s goodwill tour of Italy and England is costing taxpayers in excess of between $547,000-$700,000, government records and estimates indicate. That amount includes the cost of flying first lady Michelle Obama, her mother and her two daughters to London, Milan, Vicenza and Venice, and the lodging costs incurred throughout the six-day trip. It doesn t including rental vehicles for the first family s females, their staffers, and their security details. It also doesn t include the cost of Secret Service protection and the  advance  trips the White House authorized ahead of time to lay the journey s groundwork and scout secure locations for the VIPs to visit and stay.The Obamas   minus the president   landed in Venice on Friday for a two-night hotel stay at a total cost to taxpayers of $128,781 for the whole traveling party, according to a State Department contract issued this month. Assuming the lodging costs in Milan and London were comparable, the accommodations for five of the six overnights will come to $321,952. A separate State Department contract for a more modest $7,703 covers last night s stay in Vicenza, Italy, near a U.S. Army Garrison where the Obamas visited with troops. Some of the travelers undoubtedly stayed on the military base at no cost, but others   likely support staff   were housed in the nearby town. The resulting $329,655 estimate for hotel bills is barely half the overall cost, however. The Obamas are traveling on a U.S. Air Force C-32A aircraft, flying to London, Milan, Vicenza and Venice, and then home again   a total of 19 hours and 40 minutes of flying time, commercial aviation guides indicate.The Pentagon charges other government agencies at least $11.092 per flight-hour to operate that aircraft, including fuel costs, according to the Defense Department s latest reibursement tables. That means the flights alone cost the Executive Office of the President   operated with taxpayer dollars   about $218,142. Together with the hotel costs, Mrs. Obama s trip with her mother and her daughters cost at least $547,797.  Secret Service details aren t cheap either,  advised a State Department official who spoke on background. The official has experience approving logistics for overseas delegations.  State arranges the travel and DOD [Department of Defense] books the planes, but the security detail probably costs 10 grand a day,  the source said.  And then there s rental cars, and advance trips, and people to staff the first lady, and all sorts of other costs. Don t forget: Everyone has to eat. OY VEY!!!!Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
17257,FEMA DENIES AID TO BALTIMORE FOR RIOT DAMAGES – MAYOR PLANS TO APPEAL,"Remember this? Mayor Rawlings-Blake says that the Baltimore rioters needed room to destroy  The Federal Emergency Management Agency has denied a state request for disaster aid to cover the costs associated with the rioting and unrest that broke out in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray.W. Craig Fugate, FEMA s administrator, wrote in a June 12 letter to Gov. Larry Hogan that federal disaster aid was  not appropriate  for such an event. Therefore, I must inform you that your request for a major disaster declaration is denied,  Fugate wrote.Spokeswoman Erin Montgomery said Friday that the Hogan administration  is reviewing FEMA s response and will make a determination about the appropriate next steps, including a possible appeal. A disaster declaration would allow public agencies and residents affected by the unrest to seek reimbursement for related costs.City officials have reserved $20 million to cover direct costs, including overtime for police and firefighters, damage to city-owned property and repaying other jurisdictions for police and other assistance.Howard Libit, a spokesman for Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, said Friday that the city is working on an appeal. We re told we have 30 days to appeal,  he said.  We re working with the federal delegation and Obama administration officials to assess what we might do to become eligible for reimbursement. Henry J. Raymond, Baltimore s finance director, said in May that the city was covering the costs from its rainy-day fund but hoped for federal reimbursement of up to 75 percent of the costs.In his request for aid, Hogan had cited Baltimore s preliminary estimate that the rioting and looting in April and the five-night citywide curfew had an economic impact of $30.5 million. That included the loss of conventions, hospitality and leisure spending, and tourism from Orioles games that were closed to the public or moved to Florida. Read more: The Baltimore Sun ",0
17258,BREAKING: Republican Majority House Caves To Obama…Narrowly Passes TPA Bill,"Just when you thought the 2014 election results would provide America with some checks and balances U.S. lawmakers narrowly approved legislation key to securing a hallmark Pacific trade deal on Thursday, partly reversing a defeat less than a week before, in a boost to President Barack Obama s goal of strengthening U.S. economic ties with Asia.The House of Representatives voted 218 to 208 to give the White House authority to close trade deals such as the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which encompasses 40 percent of the global economy and is close to completion.But the bill, a stripped-down version of legislation which failed at a vote last week, must now go back to the Senate for approval, where a vote is likely next week.The House has been wrestling for weeks with fast-track authority, which lets lawmakers set negotiating objectives for trade deals, such as the TPP, but restricts them to a yes-or-no vote on the finished agreement.Democrats last week dramatically rejected a personal appeal from Obama to back legislation central to his hallmark Pacific Rim trade deal by voting down a companion measure to renew an expiring program to help workers hurt by trade.The trade package consists of three basic components.That measure was cut from the bill approved on Thursday, but the change from the original legislation ensures a return to the Senate, delaying final passage further.In debate before the vote, many Democrats lined up on the House floor to voice their anger with Obama s trade initiative. This thing is modeled after NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement), which cost us 5 million jobs,  said veteran Democratic Representative Louise Slaughter.RELATED COVERAGE House speaker: Confident in  pretty good place  on trade vote Republicans, weary of the long struggle to pass fast-track, urged the House to vote and move on.  Enacting trade promotion authority is critical for our economy and for our national security, and so we re going to get it done here today,  Ways and Means Committee chairman Paul Ryan, a Republican, said.CLOCK TICKINGDemocratic Senator Ron Wyden told Reuters pro-trade Democrats were determined to pass both fast-track and the worker aid program and were working on a plan to achieve that goal.House Speaker John Boehner said he hoped the Senate would soon take up fast-track and the worker aid program, which would be tacked on to a bill renewing trade benefits for African countries.But members of the Congressional Black Caucus have warned against using the bill as a  bargaining chip  and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, who voted against fast-track, said she did not see a path forward for the worker aid program.Many Democrats, who have strong links to trade unions, fear trade deals such as the TPP will cost U.S. jobs as employers chase lower costs in signatory countries.The House vote is a good sign for the TPP, which would harmonize standards on issues like intellectual property and labor protections and lower trade barriers among the dozen emerging and developed countries.Approval of the TPP would open new markets for major U.S. exporters such as Boeing (BA.N), Ford (F.N), IBM (IBM.N), Caterpillar (CAT.N), Merck (MRK.N) and Cisco (CSCO.O), policy analysts said.Negotiators are under pressure to finish the pact, which is already more than five years in the making, to allow the TPP to clear Congress before 2016 U.S. presidential election campaigns dominate the agenda.Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton has yet to take a stand on the deal, but the former secretary of state has said Obama should take on board legitimate concerns expressed by fellow Democrats.Some TPP partner countries, including Japan and Canada, want fast track in place before making final offers on the trade deal, which economists estimate would boost the global economy by almost $300 billion a year.Trade deals are controversial in the United States, which has a share of exports to gross domestic product roughly half that of China, partly because of the country s past experience with NAFTA.That pact freed up trade between the United States, Canada and Mexico and, more than two decades later, is blamed by many for U.S. factory closures and job losses and has soured sentiment toward the TPP.",0
17259,THE ULTIMATE COMMUNITY ORGANIZER: IS YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD TOO WHITE? IS IT TOO RICH? Obama Plans To ‘Fix’ Them Using Government to Force Diversity,"Of course, the government will have to address that whole income inequality issue, because clearly every illegal alien or  underprivileged  American doesn t have the financial means to live in the wealthier communities or suburbs. Socialism is here, and unless we find someone in Congress willing to stand up to this  president, everything Americans have worked so hard for will likely be taken away by government force This is what you get when you put a community organizer in the White House   he tries to reorganize your community from Washington.Apparently, President Obama thinks your neighborhood may not be inclusive enough, so he has instructed his Department of Housing and Urban Development to issue a new rule called Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing, which is designed to force communities to diversify.According to the Obama administration, in too many neighborhoods  housing choices continue to be constrained through housing discrimination, the operation of housing markets, [and] investment choices by holders of capital.  (Yes, that is a quote from an actual HUD document, not a bad undergraduate thesis on Karl Marx.)Under Obama s proposed rule, the federal government will collect massive amounts of data on the racial, ethnic and socioeconomic makeup of thousands of local communities, looking for signs of  disparities by race, color, religion, sex, familial status, national origin, or disability in access to community assets.  Then the government will target communities with results it doesn t like and use billions of dollars in federal grant money to bribe or blackmail them into changing their zoning and housing policies.This is not about blocking housing discrimination, which has been illegal since 1968. It is unlawful for someone to deny you a loan or prevent you from buying a home because of your race, creed or color. Socioeconomic status is   and ought to be   another matter. If you want to buy a nice house in the suburbs, you have to be able to afford it. Apparently, Obama thinks that s unfair discrimination by the  holders of capital. Putting decisions about how local communities are run in the hands of federal bureaucrats is an assault on freedom. Local autonomy is essential to liberty. As Milton Friedman put it in  Capitalism and Freedom,   If I don t like what my local community does, be it in sewage disposal, zoning or schools, I can move to another local community. . . . If I don t like what my state does, I can move to another. If I do not like what Washington imposes, I have few alternatives in this world of jealous nations.  Washington has no business imposing decisions about zoning and housing policies on thousands of local communities.The proposed rule could become an issue in the presidential race. HUD Secretary Julian Castro, the man assigned to implement this new policy, is on everyone s shortlist to be Hillary Clinton s running mate. Moreover, as National Review s Stanley Kurtz points out, collecting all the data will take time   which means decisions about how to use that data will be up to the next president, whoever that turns out to be.Local communities across the United States will be up in arms over this rule   and rightly so. The federal government should have no say over whether your neighborhood is too Jewish, or too Caucasian, or has too many married couples. But Republicans need to be very careful. Democrats want the GOP to rail against this rule and see it as an opportunity to paint the Republicans as the party that wants to protect the wealthy, white suburbs and keep out poor people of color.Conservatives need to make this absolutely clear: We believe Americans of all races, colors and creeds should be free to live wherever they want. And we want to help them do so by unleashing economic opportunity for those at the bottom so that more Americans can get better educations and better jobs and ultimately move to better neighborhoods.Under Obama, those opportunities have been disappearing for Americans at the bottom of our economy. While he talks a good game about inequality, the poor have gotten poorer while the rich have gotten richer on Obama s watch. During the Obama recovery, Americans in the top 5 percent of households (those with average incomes of more than $320,000) were the only group in the United States to see incomes rise from 2009 to 2013. Meanwhile, those worst hit were in the bottom 20 percent, who saw their real incomes fall by 7 percent on average. As American Enterprise Institute President Arthur C. Brooks explains ,  Our putatively progressive president has inadvertently executed a plutocratic tour de force. Having Washington micromanage the housing and zoning policies of thousands of local communities is not going to change this. The answer is not to force local governments to build affordable housing in affluent communities. The answer is to restore upward mobility in the United States so that more people can afford housing in affluent communities.Via: Washington Post ",0
17260,DIVERSITY GONE WILD: US Government Plans To Replace Alexander Hamilton On $10 Bill With A Woman…,"We re living in such  historic  times I can barely take all the diversity and equality Help us to choose the woman the Obama regime will select to replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill (below). The Treasury Department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill, as a source has confirmed what appears to be a premature tweet.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will announce Thursday that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing will put a woman on the bill as soon as 2020. Via: Weasel ZippersWednesday evening, Nancy Lindborg tweeted:Sec Lew announced 2day historic decision to feature a woman on new 10 dollar bill. About time! Share ideas on who to feature #TheNewTen.  Nancy Lindborg (@nancylindborg) June 17, 2015We have a few guesses as to whom the Obama regime will choose as Alexander Hamilton s replacement:The  honorable  and very alert US Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader GinsburgWhite House puppet master, Valerie JarrettAmerica s first Food Nazi and 5-star vacation MoochAmerica s first transracial, habitual liar and former Spokane, WA NAACP PresidentAnd finally America s most dishonest presidential candidate ",0
17261,$110K STOLEN FROM ‘At Risk Kids’ Fund By DC City Council To Fund Obama’s Inaugural Ball,"Aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat Mooch s slop for lunch? Isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and Dem s? When the Washington D.C. City Council pleaded for $110,000 in funding for a program for at risk kids they cried that it was  for the children.  But not long after the money was given to the city, officials decided to use it to fund a big party for Obama s 2009 inaugural. Now one official has been sentenced for this theft.Former DC official Neil S. Rodgers was sentenced this week for the theft and six others have pled guilty in separate cases for the misappropriation of the funding.Neil S. Rodgers, a former D.C. government official, was sentenced Tuesday for his role in the misappropriation of $110,000 earmarked for D.C. s Children at Risk and Drug Prevention Fund to cover a deficit for the 51st State Inaugural Ball for President Obama s inauguration in 2009. Rodgers, found guilty of fraud in March, was sentenced to 36 days (served on weekends) plus two years of probation. Rodgers must also repay the entire $110,000 as restitution for his crime. In 2008, as arrangements were underway for inauguration celebrations, the Washington City Paper reported on former council member Harry Thomas Jr. s early plans for the 51st State Inaugural Ball, noting that  there would have to be a plan to raise funds for the event, and security and cleanup concerns would also have to dealt with. Thomas says all that will be taken care of; he says he plans to seek private donations to cover the difference between the event s cost and the revenues raised by the $51 ticket cost.  Donations, however, came up short. Justice Department officials described Rodgers s role in the misappropriation scheme in a Tuesday press release.Via: Right Wing News",0
17262,PAMELA GELLAR’S FREE SPEECH EVENT HELPS ROOT OUT ANOTHER “off-the-charts dangerous” AMERICAN MUSLIM TERRORIST WITH BIG PLANS…,"Like moths to a lamp bam!The terror suspect who allegedly helped orchestrate the shootout at an anti-Islam event in Texas had aspirations to join Islamic State and attack the Super Bowl, authorities say.Abdul Malik Abdul Kareem, 43, was described as  off-the-charts dangerous  by officials as they outlined the evidence against him. He was arrested last week on charges related to the shootout at a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest, which led to the deaths of two roommates from Phoenix, Arizona.An indictment filed in federal court in Phoenix says Kareem hosted the gunmen in his home from January and also provided the guns they used in the May 3 shooting in Garland.At a hearing in federal court, FBI special agent Dina McCarthy described how a witness and a confidential informant reportedly learned about Kareem s interest in the Islamic State, including watching the terror group s videos with Texas shooters Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi.McCarthy said a 2012 investigation into Kareem determined he had a terrorism training document on his computer.She claimed he wanted to attack the Super Bowl when it was in Arizona this year   but she provided no specifics about how serious he was.The magistrate denied bail for Kareem, who is charged with conspiracy, making false statements and interstate transportation of firearms with intent to commit a felony. This is an individual who is apt to incite violence,  prosecutor Kristen Brook said.  This defendant, based on all these facts, is dangerous   he is off-the-charts dangerous. Defense lawyer Daniel Maynard called it a trumped-up case based largely on an unreliable confidential informant charged with kidnapping and sex trafficking. This is your typical jailhouse snitch,  Maynard said   adding that there was no proof Kareem purchased any of the guns used in the Texas shooting.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17263,"[VIDEO] SHOULD RINOS AND DEMOCRATS FEAR TRUMP’S PRESIDENTIAL BID? “I would build a great, great wall on our southern border and make Mexico pay for it”","Donald Trump announced he will be running for President as a Republican in 2016.  Here s what he had to say about our military and Iran:  Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump nobody. Within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur. I will find the right guy. I will find the guy who will take that military and make it really work. Nobody nobody will be pushing us around. I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has no concept of negotiation.   Video h/t: Gateway PunditHis announcement can be seen here:Donald on TPA and why Obama is a bad negotiator:Donald on his net worth:",0
17264,OBAMA’S DREAM IS AMERICA’S NIGHTMARE: 121 Illegal Aliens Commit Murder After Avoiding Deportation Orders,"A different set of laws apply to illegals in fact, it appears there are no laws that apply to illegals More than 100 convicted criminals who remained in the U.S. despite receiving deportation orders between 2010 and 2014 now face murder charges, according to the agency charged with carrying out such deportations of illegal immigrants.U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement reports that 121 convicted criminals who were never removed from the country face murder charges today.In response, Sens. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., of the Judiciary Committee submitted a letter on June 12 requesting a  multi-departmental response  from Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Secretary of State John Kerry and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.In their letter, Grassley and Sessions cite Immigration and Customs Enforcement statistics that show 1,000 of the 36,007 criminally-convicted illegal immigrants released from custody in fiscal year 2013 have been reconvicted of additional crimes.The senators wrote that the murders committed by the 121 convicted criminals  could have been avoided  had they not been released.As a result, Grassley and Sessions are requesting an explanation from the Obama administration officials concerning the government s decision to release the convicted criminals before deportation.The senators also ask for information concerning the future of U.S. initiatives to deport convicted criminals and whether immigration officials are  fully leveraging existing tools and resources to prevent these dangerous outcomes. However, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director Sarah Saldana wrote in a recent letter that convicted criminals may be released, even if the convicted individuals face deportation charges.h/t Weasel ZippersVia: The Daily Signal",0
17265,MORE TRANSPARENCY: CLINTON’S REFUSE TO RELEASE HILLARY’S HEALTH RECORDS,"Karl Rove is suggesting Hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.On Sunday, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager would not commit to releasing her health records during the 2016 campaign.Face the Nation host John Dickerson pointed out that  Hillary Clinton had a big health scare when she was secretary of state  and asked campaign manager Robby Mook,  will she release her medial records as part of this campaign? I will let Hillary decide that,  Mook answered.  But I can tell you she has been hitting the campaign trail hard. In 2012, Clinton had to delay her Benghazi testimony to Congress after she fell and suffered a concussion. She later was treated for a blood clot in her brain, which experts said could have been  life threatening.  Though Clinton joked about her  cracked head  in emails that the State Department recently released, Bill Clinton revealed last year that Hillary s injuries  required six months of very serious work to get over. On the stump this weekend, Clinton tried to deflect concerns about her age by saying that she would be the  youngest woman president  if elected to the White House.Via:Breitbart News",0
17266,NEW BENGHAZI E-MAILS DISCOVERED RAISING NEW QUESTION OF WHO WITHHELD THEM,"WAS IT HILLARY OR THE STATE DEPARTMENT? We know that Cheryl Mills and others at the State Department have been protecting Hillary all along so hopefully we ll get to the bottom of this. We also know that Clinton, Mills, and Abedin should have undergone IT security training at State, and that their apparent failure to do so is part of a  systemic problem.  In the mean time, Sydney Blumenthal is scheduled to testify before the Benghazi committee on Tuesday. The plot thickens House GOP Benghazi investigators have discovered additional Libya communications between Sidney Blumenthal and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a congressional source told POLITICO   suggesting that either the State Department or the 2016 Democratic presidential contender withheld correspondence the panel had requested.Blumenthal   a longtime Clinton family friend who is set to testify before the committee behind closed doors Tuesday morning   recently gave the House Select Committee on Benghazi his Libya-related emails after the panel had quietly subpoenaed them.Among those were several emails concerning Libya between Blumenthal and Clinton that had not been previously turned over by State. Panel Republicans, the source says, are pushing to release the emails as early as tomorrow but may need Democrats to agree to do so under committee rules. Clinton has said she gave all her work-related correspondence, kept on her personal email server, to the State Department. State was then tasked with going through the emails and giving the panel relevant correspondence. Department officials turned up about 300 emails related to the attack on the Benghazi diplomatic compound that left four Americans dead. Read more: POLITICO",0
17267,BUSTED: THE ULTIMATE COMMUNIST ORGANIZER…Evidence Shows George Soros Behind Ferguson Race Riots,"George, Barack and Hillary the axis of evil Professional race activists Deray McKesson and Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop), pictured here in Baltimore, helped whip up the Ferguson mobs. This year Fortune Magazine named these two professional activists two of the world s greatest leaders.Many conservatives rightly smelled a rat in the supposed organic race-riot movement that sprang up so quickly in Ferguson, Missouri in August 2014 after the shooting death of robber Michael Brown. After burning the Ferguson and Dellwood, Missouri business districts to the ground the radical left has relentlessly sought to recreate the same discord and disinformation in various locations around the U.S. Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protest leaders have been flown to New York, South Carolina, Milwaukee, Selma, and more recently to McKinney, Texas and Hillary s campaign relaunch in New York.Thankfully, every day patriots and online conservative investigators still fight to shine truth, anywhere  the movement  tries to sow its twisted seeds to foment anger, feed bitterness, and breed division.Much has been printed about the paid protesters and Soros connections.** Nearly half of the roughly 500 businesses operating in Ferguson and adjacent communities, such as Dellwood and Jennings, suffered property damage or lost revenue as a result of the coordinated Ferguson protests and riots.In May black Ferguson activists staged a protest at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) to complain that the group s white leaders collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share. It was during these protests that Ferguson activists admitted that fellow protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities, damage property and attack police!In response to these protests MORE released a list of names and amounts paid out to protesters and protest groups who agitated and harassed police night-after-night in Ferguson last fall and winter.The list of over 80 groups and individuals was posted on Twitter by an irate protester. Via Weasel ZippersOne of the protest leaders who showed up in Ferguson shortly after Michael Brown s death was DeRay McKesson from Minneapolis. DeRay and fellow activist Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop) were nationally recognized and celebrated by the liberal media as two of the top stars of the violent protest mob.We now know that DeRay McKesson has been working with and for Soros-funded groups since he was in junior high school. We know this because DeRay released his resume online this past weekend.DeRay says he s been living off of savings for the past nine months as he s turned up in Ferguson, Baltimore, New York City, Milwaukee, Selma, McKinney and this past weekend he was at Hillary Clinton s campaign relaunch in New York state.DeRay and Charles Wade, Solange Knowles s stylist, the founder of Op Help or Hush have known each other for three years. Wade and McKesson were regular Ferguson protesters. That means the two have been affiliated well before Michael Brown went on his crime spree. DeRay has used his capacity, as Charles calls it, to push  the movement s  agenda far and wide.DeRay has long been known for his skill at  community organizing .He served as president of his class at Bowdoin College, as well as president of Bowdoin Student Government. While at Bowdoin, DeRay reportedly grew close to Bowdoin President Barry Mills, whose wife, Karen Gordon Mills, served in the Obama Administration. DeRay just happened to stay on the couch of an unnamed Bowdoin alum when he first descended on Ferguson.After graduating from Bowdoin, DeRay worked for the Harlem Children s Zone, run by none other than Bowdoin alums Druckenmiller and Geoffrey Canada. Coincidentally, Geoffrey served on the Open Society Institute s board.Throwback, meeting HCZ's Geoff Canada. pic.twitter.com/ocyw6Yo57q  deray mckesson (@deray) February 16, 2015DeRay also worked for  the movement  linked Teach For America, another radical Soros-funded group.But DeRay s ties to Soros and  community organizing  seemingly date back even further, to McKesson s teen years, at least. Suffice it to say, DeRay has been tied to Soros for more than a decade, through many programs.Perhaps DeRay s long and numerous apparent ties to Soros explain how he was so quickly dispatched to Ferguson, Missouri to take control of the protesters and become the powerfuls  approved and promoted voice on the ground. As DeRay said,  People will come out into the streets to confront a system that is corrupt.  Yet, DeRay seems to be molded, directed, and funded by some of the most powerful men in that very  system.  It looks as if someone may be pulling the strings behind the scenes to foment rage as this astroturf anti-police movement spreads from Ferguson to other points in America.Via: Gateway PunditAND LAST BUT CERTAINLY NOT LEAST...Here s Deray throwing his support behind Hillary on Twitter! What a surprise ",0
17268,OBAMACARE PRIVACY PRACTICES IN QUESTION AS CRITICS VOICE CONCERNS,"Rep. Dianne Black has been in the healthcare industry for decades and knows way too much to be fooled by the Obama administration. She s calling out the Obamacare powers that be on the lack of privacy protection for Americans. This is serious stuff and breaches of privacy have already occurred last week with federal employees. Does anyone believe the privacy gaps will ever be closed with big government? I don t...Critics blasted the White House for perceived privacy gaps in the Affordable Care Act on Monday.Representative Diane Black (R., Tenn.) is concerned about the possible breaches of privacy caused by Multidimensional Insurance Data Analytics System (MIDAS), a storage system for Obamacare participant s personal information. We repeatedly warned of privacy concerns under the data hub only to be told by the Administration that this hub would not collect personally identifiable information instead it would only be used to pass information between the appropriate agencies to verify an Obamacare applicant s eligibility status. Clearly, the Obama administration did not deliver the whole truth,  Black said in a release.MIDAS is not included in the Healthcare.gov privacy policy and it was implemented without a privacy assessment, according to Black. MIDAS is said to hold names, financial accounts, Social Security numbers, birthdates, addresses, phone numbers, and passport numbers.Black has more than 40 years experience in the healthcare industry as a nurse and said that privacy is essential to medical care. This should concern every American who desires to see their personal information protected from the prying eyes of Big Brother Obama and it begs the question,  she said, adding,  What else don t we know when it comes to Obamacare? Read more: WFB",0
17269,GOLDMAN SACHS CHAIRMAN THINKS UK NEEDS MORE MIGRANTS TO AVOID APPEARANCE OF RACISM…While SHOCKING NEW VIDEO Tells Another Story,"Don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.Goldman Sachs Chairman and UN Special Representative for Migration Peter Sutherland said yesterday that Britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .Shocking footage filmed in the French port town of Calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the United Kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.The clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.Police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside, while others try to pull off an underside panel.A tour guide on the bus from where the footage is being filmed tells passengers,  Don t panic guys, we have locked all of the doors. Try not to panic guys. Passengers are heard gasping in shock, with one commenting,  This is what we ve seen on TV. The migrants are keen to reach the UK because they can exploit the country s generous welfare system and obtain a much higher standard of living than in France, where they are forced to reside in a makeshift tent village in Calais known as  the jungle .Around 2,500 migrants live in the tent village, with most of them coming from Sudan, Eritrea, Libya and Syria.The situation is so dire that a leading haulage group warned earlier this month that freight carriers could suspend supplies going through Calais altogether, causing food shortages and massive price hikes.Donald Armour, International Affairs Manager at the Freight Transport Association, told the Daily Express that the UK supply chain is  in danger of collapsing  as a result of drivers refusing to go through Calais.Last month, Maru International haulage company announced that they were boycotting Calais over fears that  somebody will be killed  by migrants attempting to enter the UK.Via: Info Wars ",0
17270,HEARTWARMING VIDEO: BEHIND THE SCENES OF THE LARGEST FREE-FLYING AMERICAN FLAG, ,0
17271,[VIDEO] YEP…GUN-CONTROL BILL SAID THAT TODAY: “You can’t have people walking around with guns”," You can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president Sunday on CNN s  State of the Union,  former President Bill Clinton told CNN s Jake Tapper that the Baltimore and Ferguson civil unrest is a result of too many,  people walking around with guns  combined with a lack community trust.Clinton said,  The Baltimore thing came on the heels of what happened in Ferguson, what happened in New York City and all these other places. And their is a big national movement about whether the lives of young African-American men count. You can t have people walking around with guns. I used to tell people when we did Bosnia, Kosovo anything like that, you get enough people with weapons around and there will be unattended consequences. Via: Breitbart NewsPerhaps Bill was referring to the  sniper fire  his transparent and honest wife Hillary was able to dodge while visiting Bosnia in 1996:And as an added bonus, this hysterical video that was made to mock this insane lie that Hillary told Americans about her trip to Bosnia (Some images in this video may be disturbing):",0
17272,FLAG DAY 2015: 10 FACTS TO KNOW ABOUT THE STARS AND STRIPES,"Flag Day was established in 1916 by President Woodrow Wilson and in 1949 Congress declared June 14 a national holiday: Let us on that day rededicate ourselves to the nation,  he wrote in his proclamation,    one and inseparable  from which every thought that is not worthy of our fathers  first vows in independence, liberty, and right shall be excluded and in which we shall stand with united hearts, for an America which no man can corrupt, no influence draw away from its ideals, no force divide against itself   a nation signally distinguished among all the nations of mankind for its clear, individual conception alike of its duties and its privileges, its obligations and its rights. 1. Bernard J. Cigrand is considered the father of Flag Day. In 1885, as a young teacher at a high school in Waubeka, Wisconsin, Cigrand put a small flag on his desk and told his students to write essays about it. He fought for the rest of his life to formally establish the holiday, according to the National Flag Day Foundation. 2. The flag has been changed 27 times. The final star, for Hawaii, was added in 1960. 3. The first time the flag was flown after being adopted was on Aug. 3, 1777 in Rome, New York. 4. The flag s colors have become significant over time. The white is for purity, the red is for valor and the blue is for justice, according to usflag.org. 5. President George Washington described the design like this:  We take the stars from heaven, the red from our mother country, separating it by white stripes, thus showing that we have separated from her, and the white stripes shall go down to posterity representing liberty.  6. The first flag was probably created by Francis Hopkinson, who signed the Declaration of Independence. He requested  a quarter cask of the public wine  as payment for his design. He was rejected. 7. Betsy Ross sewed the first American flag according to a pattern, which was likely Hopkinson s. Legend has it she changed the six-point stars he d drawn to five-point ones because they were easier to stitch. 8. Sea captain William Driver gave the flag its  Old Glory  nickname in 1831, according to usacitylink.com. 9. The current design of the U.S. flag was created by Robert G. Heft, who made the pattern for a high school project. He earned a B- at first, but when the government chose it, his teacher raised the grade to an A. 10. There are six American flags on the moon. Five are standing, but Neil Armstrong s fell over.Via: ibtimes",0
17273,LEFTIST PROF WHO WANTS “Earth Constitution” Will Speak At Vatican Rollout Of Papal Document On Phony ‘Global Warming’,"Why would the Vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the Pope s Papal document on phony  global climate change?  As a Catholic, the news about the Pope s support of these horrible leftists and their radical agenda is heartbreaking. Pray for our nation One of the speakers slated for the Vatican rollout of the long-awaited Papal document on climate change once said the earth is overpopulated by at least 6 billion people.The teaching document, called an encyclical, is scheduled for release on June 18 at Vatican City. Perhaps with the exception of the 1968 encyclical on contraception, no Vatican document has been greeted with such anticipation.The political left is hoping for a document that ties belief in global warming to a religious obligation. Climate skeptics have already started criticizing the document.The choice of Professor John Schnellnhuber, founding director of the Postdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, as one of three presenters may be giving the left added hope and giving giving skeptics severe heartburn. He has been described as one of the more aggressive scientists on the question of man-made global warming.In a talk given to what s described as the  failed  2009 Copenhagen climate conference, reported in the New York Times, Schnellnhuber, who has advised German President Angela Merkel and is a visiting professor at Oxford, said of global warming:  In a very cynical way, it s a triumph for science because at last we have stabilized something  - namely the estimates for the carrying capacity of the planet, namely below 1 billion people. Schnellnhuber is also author of what s called the  two-degree target  that says governments must not allow the temperature to rise more than 2 degrees higher than at the start of the industrial revolution. Any higher, the theory holds, and much life on earth would either perish or be gravely harmed.To deal with climate issues, he has also called for an  Earth Constitution that would transcend the UN Charter  along with the creation of a  Global Council elected by all the people on Earth  and a  Planetary Court..a transnational legal body open to appeals from everybody, especially with respect to violations of the Earth Constitution. Via: Breitbart News",0
17274,(VIDEO) HACKERS WIN THE “SPY LOTTO” WITH MASSIVE CYBER ATTACK ON FED EMPLOYEES,OUR INEPT GOVERNMENT DIDN T INSTALL PROTECTIONS FOR MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WHO NOW HAVE ALL OF THEIR PERSONAL INFO EXPOSED TO THE WORLD: ,0
17275,HILLARY’S IMMORAL REIGN AS SEC. STATE: U.S. Sold $60 MILLION In Chemical Arms To Clinton Foundation Donors Used To Gas Citizens,"Does anyone care? If Hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? Has America become so conditioned to reading about Clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?The Clinton-run State Department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the Egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from Mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of Clinton family concerns. A group closely associated with the Mubarak government paid Bill Clinton a $250,000 speaking fee in 2010, less than 4 months before the Egyptian revolution began. In 2012, a firm with an ownership stake in the company that manufactured the tear gas reportedly used by Egyptian security forces against the uprising paid $100,000 to $250,000 for another Bill Clinton speech.The approval of American chemical weapons sales to Egypt as Mubarak s associates were stocking Clinton family interests with cash is but one example of a dynamic that prevailed though Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state.Clinton with MubarakDuring the roughly two years of Arab Spring protests that confronted authoritarian governments with popular uprisings, Clinton s State Department approved $66 million worth of so-called Category 14 exports   defined as  toxicological agents, including chemical agents, biological agents and associated equipment    to nine Middle Eastern governments that either donated to the Clinton Foundation or whose affiliated groups paid Bill Clinton speaking fees.That represented a 50 percent overall increase in such export approvals to the same countries over the two years prior to the Arab Spring, according to an International Business Times review of State Department documents. In the same time period, Arab countries that did not donate to the Clinton Foundation saw an overall decrease in their State Department approvals to purchase chemical and biological materials.The reports released by Clinton s state department since 2010 disclose overall export numbers. For instance, in 2010, export authorizations to Egypt s government for chemical and biological agents saw a one-year, 38 percent increase in the lead-up to the revolution against Mubarak s government. That year, the Mubarak-aligned American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt paid Bill Clinton $250,000. Two close Mubarak allies were past presidents of the group, one of whom reportedly was sent to lobby Washington against a proposed resolution that would call on Mubarak to have free and fair elections.In all, in the two years after Bill Clinton was paid by the Mubarak-aligned group   and as uprisings against the Egyptian government swept the country   the Clinton-led State Department backed a 12 percent increase in exports to Egypt in the biological and chemical agents category.Washington   and Clinton specifically   were forced to reverse course on their support for Mubarak after the country  democratically  elected the Muslim Brotherhood s Mohammed Morsi. Egypt s honeymoon with democracy was short-lived however and Morsi, after an ill-fated attempt to grant himself  special  powers, was overthrown in a military coup. He was sentenced to death last month. Clinton with MorsiHere s a bit more color from the IBTimes report Some Clinton Foundation donors from the Middle East did not see an increase in authorizations for toxicological agents during the Arab Spring, but did see big increases earlier, soon after Clinton came into office in 2009.Algeria received just $2,110 worth of State Department authorizations in the chemical and biological weapons category in fiscal 2008. But the next fiscal year   80 percent of which was under Clinton s tenure   the country received more than $6 million worth of such Category 14 authorizations. Five-point-eight million dollars of the authorizations were for items classified as  tear gases and riot control agents.  The next year, the Algerian government gave the Clinton Foundation $500,000. Amid the Arab Spring revolts in 2011, Algerian security forces used tear gas on protesters in the capital. and here s a look at the numbers Via: The awesome Zero Hedge",0
17276,"ILLEGAL ALIENS WHO LIED TO COURT, USED FAKE SS#’s AND COMMITTED FELONIES Are Granted Special Privileges Because They Are Considered “Victims”","You can t make this up! Why are these criminals who illegally entered our country are being given special status? They are not expected to live by the same rules as US citizens and are being fast-tracked to citizenship. Meanwhile, others who are waiting in line to become American citizens and have followed the rule of law would likely be deported for committing the same crimes as these illegals from Mexico and South America.U.S. District Court Judge Sandy Mattice sentenced eight illegal aliens to two years of supervised probation Wednesday morning. The eight were earlier found guilty of illegally entering the United States and of knowingly committing perjury by signing an I-9 form and stating that they were eligible to work in this country.Each had also purchased false and fraudulent documents such as Social Security cards and green cards which they used to gain employment.The light sentences and lack of a deportation order came about due to each of the defendants having earlier been issued a U visa by the Department of Homeland Security, the judge said.Judge Mattice described this type of visa  as for lack of a better word, a reward,  for assisting a U.S. agency prosecute another federal case   in this instance against Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. of Manchester, Tn. Their assistance, which was challenged by Assistant U.S. Attorney Gary Humble as  questionable at least,  was due to their part in a human trafficking case against Durrett Cheese. The case proved to be one that was not prosecutable.According to court documents, the defendants, Luciana Moreno-Lopez, Maria Ramirez-Mendoza, Flora Rivera-Pablo, Teresa Ayala-Rosales, Cirilo Castillo-Amaro, Meremedios Cervantes-Cano, Sarai Contreras-Martinez and Mercedes Eugenio-Gomez were arrested by the Coffee County Sheriff for criminal trespass on Oct. 22, 2007. They were arrested after their employer was unable to pay them and they refused to leave company property until they were paid.Upon their arrest the sheriff determined that they were most likely illegal aliens and then notified Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.ICE contacted the United States Attorney s Office for help in investigating possible human trafficking and other possible violations of federal law. Several of the defendants were interviewed by ICE agents and a representative of the Department of Justice s Human Trafficking Section of the Civil Rights Division. Also participating in the interviews was a representative of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) . The SPLC had made the allegations that the defendants were victims of human trafficking.The court documents state:  Based on the defendants  statements and other investigation, it was obvious that there was no prosecutable human trafficking case.  This was pointed out by prosecutor Humble during sentencing when attorney Clay Whittaker, defense counsel for Ms. Moreno-Lopez, requested probationary sentencing for his client by saying that she had provided and continued to provide the government with assistance.Mr. Humble stated,  The defendants have not provided any reasonable assistance to the government; in fact, they basically refused to implicate anyone (in the company s management hierarchy). Each of the defendants received a sentence of two years supervised probation on each of three counts, to be served concurrently. A special fine of $300 was waived by Judge Mattice in each case based on the defendants  inability to pay.In a previous case involving this matter, former Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. employee, Shanna Ramirez, was convicted of conspiracy to commit social security fraud (count 1); aiding and abetting social security fraud (count 2); and false declarations before the grand jury (counts 4 and 5). She was sentenced on Dec. 23, 2009 by Judge Mattice to 15 months of incarceration. In another related case, Montano-Perez was sentenced on March 1 to two years probation.The SPLC had filed a claim on the defendants  behalf with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) while the defendants had applied for the U visas from the Department of Homeland Security.The eligibility requirements for a U visa or U non-immigrant status are, according to U.S. State Department directives, strict. This status is, in part, a recognition by Congress that a category of non-citizens is so vulnerable that it deserves protection in the form of legal status and a path to citizenship. A U visa holder is entitled to four years of non-immigrant legal status in the U.S. The holder of such a status may apply for permanent status three years after being granted a U visa.U visas are issued to illegal aliens when they have been judged to have been substantially abused and are helpful or willing to help designated agencies, including law enforcement agencies, in the detection, investigation or prosecution of crimes.According to U.S. Code, the purpose of the underlying statute is not to create a blanket amnesty or to legalize everyone who claims victim status. The Act s Congressional purpose is demonstrated in three aspects of the enabling legislation and its history: (1) the U visa as a tool for law enforcement; (2) the U visa as humanitarian relief for those who are helpful to law enforcement; and, (3) the U visa as protection for workers who suffer crimes in the workplace.In their original claims to the EEOC, the defendants, under penalty of perjury, falsely denied committing the crimes for which they had been arrested. According to a brief filed by the U.S. Attorney, they had, in fact, committed these and many other crimes before applying for the visas. The EEOC, based upon their claims, designated each of the defendants a  victim  and informed DHS that their presence was necessary to enable them (EEOC) to conduct an investigation.The EEOC then closed its investigation, but did not notify DHS that the defendants  presence in this country was no longer necessary. When it was not notified by EEOC, DHS moved ahead and granted the U visa status to all eight defendants.It is the U.S. Attorney s Office view that the defendants were not victims of any qualifying crimes or that they have not suffered any substantial abuse   mental of physical because of qualifying criminal activity The U.S. Attorney believes that  the defendants have been able to manipulate the system to achieve legal status, despite their illegal entry and the commission of felony crimes. Via: Chatanoogan.com",0
17277,OBAMA REGIME AGREES TO CUT DEAL WITH IRAN THAT FURTHER THREATENS OUR NATIONAL SECURITY,"Wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? The Obama administration will agree to let Iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks, according to reports.Western officials were quoted as telling the Associated Press on Friday that the United States has given up a major concession to Iran on the military front.While senior U.S. officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry, have long insisted that Iran will immediately have to submit to wide-ranging inspections and disclosures regarding its past nuclear work, the new reports indicate that this demand has been cast aside as world powers work to strike a final deal with the Islamic Republic by the end of June.According to the AP report:After a November 2013 interim accord, the Obama administration said a comprehensive solution  would include resolution of questions concerning the possible military dimension of Iran s nuclear program.  But those questions won t be answered by the June 30 deadline for a final deal, officials said, echoing an assessment by the U.N. nuclear agency s top official earlier this week. Nevertheless, the officials said an accord remains possible. One senior Western official on Thursday described diplomats as  more likely to get a deal than not  over the next three weeks.Via: WFB",0
17278,HUD ASKS FOR $4 BILLION MORE AFTER SPENDING MILLIONS ON LOBBYING CONGRESS???,"The news broke this week that Obama wants to equalize housing for everyone. Social engineering is nothing new in this day of Obama. State s rights mean nothing to this group and if you disagree you re called a heartless racist. The HUD secretary, Julian Castro, was on Capitol Hill this week to testify about the HUD budget asking for $4 billion more. Below are two videos of Cong. Sean Duffy going at it with Castro. Please take the time to listen to the conversation. Castro gives ZERO information to Duffy. Doesn t that tell you something? HUD is just another bloated government entity that s actually lobbying the very body that they are part of Congress(see below)! Does this offend you as much as it does me?  In the new President s Budget, HUD s funding level will increase to $49.3 billion, nearly $4 billion more than Fiscal Year 2015 s enacted level.  A MUST WATCH! SEAN DUFFY(WI) WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO ACTUALLY ASKED CASTRO FOR SPECIFICS AND GOT NONE: The findings from HUD s internal watchdog expose a system in which offices around the country funded by the federal housing agency used tax dollars to campaign for favorable policies and larger budgets, government watchdogs found.The failure to police such expenditures gives good reason for taxpayers to be angry, experts told The Washington Times. You re using federal money to lobby Congress to get more federal money,  said Mark Calabria, a former HUD official who then spent seven years overseeing the agency as a Senate staff member working with the Banking Committee. This is directly taking money that has been allocated by Congress to helping poor people and it s being diverted to lobbying,  he said.Investigators said the housing agencies in cities across the U.S. failed to disclose roughly $2.5 million they spent on lobbying   and that was only at nine of the 12 agencies that report engaging in lobbying activities.However, watchdogs worry that undisclosed lobbying still could be occurring at the 3,200 other agencies HUD oversees, but which do not acknowledge engaging in any lobbying at all.For a lack of control that has allowed its various offices to violate transparency and spending laws   and take money that could have been used to provide housing   the Department of Housing and Urban Development wins this week s Golden Hammer, a distinction given out by The Washington Times to mark examples of waste, fraud and abuse with taxpayer money.The Philadelphia Housing Authority failed to disclose lobbying activities for which it spent as much as $660,000 during the period 2006 to 2010, the report found. It also improperly spent $48,500 in federal funds on lobbying activities conducted through law firms, which the agency should be required to repay, the HUD inspector general said.The Housing Authority of the City of Pittsburgh failed to disclose lobbying activities on which it improperly spent as much as $80,000 in federal funds in 2004 and 2005, and Home Forward in Portland, Oregon, failed to disclose lobbying activities conducted on its behalf.While inspectors think the examined housing agencies may have wasted only $129,000 in federal money, they cautioned the problem could be affecting many more offices than the ones investigators reviewed, and suggested a further investigation of the problem. Because HUD failed to implement adequate policies to monitor agencies  compliance with lobbying requirements HUD lacked assurance that other agencies did not spend Federal funds on lobbying activities or violate other lobbying-related requirements,  the inspector general report, released last week, found.HUD officials said the  extremely small sample size  investigators looked at does not warrant extensive changes at the agency to correct problems, and that additional steps to  obtain, track and retain lobbying certificates and disclosures is not a necessary remedy. In light of these facts, the recommendations are overly burdensome to implement in relation to limited error rate and limited staff resources,  said a letter signed by Milan Ozdinec, the deputy assistant secretary in charge of public housing. The suggestion that HUD staff take proactive steps to detect violations related to lobbying activities would present an enormous challenge to HUD staff,  the statement said.  To require staff to run queries on approximately 3,200 [public housing agencies] does not appear to be an effective control to cover 12 or so exception cases. The lobbying issues have escalated beyond the scope of a single watchdog, bringing in investigators from HUD s internal Office of Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office and the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Millions of Americans who have fallen on hard times   veterans, single mothers, their children   they all rely on HUD s programs,  said Rep. Sean Duffy, Wisconsin Republican and chairman of the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.The agency s funding  should not be diverted to illegal lobbying efforts or overpaying a lobbyist,  said Mr. Duffy, at a Wednesday committee hearing examining HUD s policies.Part of the problem, the inspector general report found, was that HUD rarely monitored the housing agencies and instead relied on their word they were complying with lobbying laws. HUD accepted and relied on agencies  certifications and disclosures without performing additional verification,  the IG report found.  HUD lacked reasonable assurance that agencies did not spend federal funds on lobbying activities, and the lack of accurate lobbying disclosures could create an appearance of a lack of transparency. HUD officials from the top down have urged their members and member agencies to lobby Congress in order to protect their interests.Last year, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan told an audience at the National Leagues of Cities Conference in Washington that local HUD officials should be lobbying their congressional representatives to restore funding to key programs.The same year, the agency s deputy secretary sent an e-mail to more than 1,000 people asking them to call senators in support of a funding bill for HUD, according to the Government Accountability Office. It is critical that your Senator hears from you NOW,  the e-mail read.  We need to maintain the current level of Republican support for the Senate [bill], acquire other Republican supporters and ensure vocal and active support from Democratic senators. The message then included a list of 17 U.S. senators that HUD wanted the public to focus on.Instead of using its time and resources lobbying Congress, HUD officials would be better off running their programs more efficiently, Mr. Calabria said. We the taxpayers are having to pay the public housing industry to lobby Congress on its own behalf,  said Mr. Calabria, the director of Financial Regulations Studies at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think-tank.  If JP Morgan had used TARP money to go lobby Congress, we d all be greatly offended. Read more: WTMAXINE WATERS SPEAKS ABOUT HOW REPUBLICANS WANT TO JUST THROW EVERYONE OUT ON THE STREE (SARCASM) NOTICE THAT SHE CALLS HUD HOUSING  OUR NATIONAL HOUSING SYSTEM :  Today, we gather to discuss the  Future of Housing in America.  But frankly, if left to my Republican colleagues, that future looks very bleak for many of our most vulnerable populations,  said Congresswoman Maxine Waters, D-Calif., Ranking Member of the Financial Services Committee. But as we will see here today, my colleagues have no interest in strengthening our national housing system. Their priorities are clearly reflected in the recently passed HUD funding bill, which drives investment in this agency down to historic lows   undercutting programs which help families reach housing stability,  Waters continued.HERE S DUFFY WITH SOME GREAT QUESTIONS FOR CASTRO FROM FEB 2015: ",0
17279,ARMY THREATENS GREEN BERET WAR HERO WITH COURT MARTIAL For Whistleblowing On Failed Hostage Rescue,"The Army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes, they re too busy with other more pressing issues like ensuring gays are free to come out of the closet and removing any trace of Christianity from our military bases.A Green Beret war hero under investigation for unauthorized communications with Congress will testify on Thursday that the Army is out to court-martial him on criminal charges.Meanwhile, Rep. Duncan Hunter, one of the lawmakers with whom the soldier spoke about Obama administration hostage rescue policies, has asked the Pentagon inspector general to investigate whether the Army is springing allegations against personnel such as the Green Beret as pure retaliation.Lt. Col. Jason Amerine, the Special Forces soldier, is due to testify before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs about what he considers reprisals against him as a whistleblower. After I made protected disclosures to Congress, the Army suspended my clearance, removed me from my job, launched a criminal investigation and deleted my retirement orders with a view to court martial me after I exercised that Constitutional right,  says Col. Amerine, according to partial remarks provided to The Washington Times by Mr. Hunter s office. For nearly five months, I have received no relief from the military and there has been no transparency in their investigation of me. My pay was even stopped briefly after the Army deleted my retirement orders. Mr. Hunter, California Republican and member of the House Armed Services Committee, wrote to Jon T. Rymer, the inspector general, about three soldiers against whom he believed Army Secretary John McHugh retaliated. He asked for an IG investigation into Mr. McHugh s use of the Criminal Investigation Command. Specifically, my concern is that the Army   under the leadership of Secretary of the Army   has used CID for the purpose of influencing actions/outcomes and retaliating against soldiers,  he wrote.He cited three soldiers:  Col. Amerine. The officer worked in a small Army unit at the Pentagon and he devoted himself to developing policies to gain the release of Americans held by Islamic extremists. He came to believe the administration s hostage policies were in disarray and told Mr. Hunter. The congressman proposed legislation to create a hostage coordinator to work with the various agencies involved, such as the FBI, Pentagon and State Department.  Maj. Matt Golsteyn. Also a Green Beret, Maj. Golsteyn saw his valor awards and Special Forces tab stripped by Secretary McHugh. The officer was accused of killing a Taliban bomb-maker, but was never officially charged. He faces a board of inquiry hearing.  Sgt. First Class Earl Plumlee. Sgt. Plumlee was nominated for the Medal of Honor, the nation s highest military award, for repelling an attack on a base in Afghanistan and saving lives. The MOH was endorsed by top commanders, including Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But Mr. McHugh downgraded the award to a Silver Star. Mr. Hunter said it was based on a  questionable CID investigation. Col. Amerine already has filed a whistleblower retaliation complaint with the IG. The Army probe began after the FBI complained that Col. Amerine was providing information to Congress. I have personally met with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the developments leading up to the Army investigation,  Mr. Hunter told Mr. Rymer.  An investigation, I firmly believe, was not warranted, but continues to be unjustifiably delayed. Col. Amerine holds a special place in the history of the Afghanistan war. He led a joint Green Beret-Afghan team in the 2001 invasion, and fought along side Hamid Karzai, the future president.An Army spokesman has said,  As a matter of policy, we do not confirm the names of individuals who may or may not be under investigation to protect the integrity of a possible ongoing investigation, as well as the privacy rights of all involved. However, I note that both the law and Army policy would prohibit initiating an investigation based solely on a Soldier s protected communications with.Via: Washington Times ",0
17280,THE STATE THAT GETS MORE REFUGEES THAN ANY OTHER IN AMERICA MAY SURPRISE YOU,"Here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue In Fiscal year 2014, Texas resettled 7,234 refugees. However, that doesn t tell the whole story because according to the Texas Dept. of State Health Services (an excellent source of information on refugees in Texas), the actual number of migrants legally being treated as refugees last year was really 12,800 (up 24% from the previous year!).The website also tells you which counties got the most refugees.The 12,800 includes refugees, asylees, parolees, special immigrant visa holders (these are Afghans and Iraqis), and victims of trafficking.They hailed from 58 countries (therefore Texas taxpayers are on the hook for many expensive translators gratis a Bill Clinton executive order for all sorts of reasons access to health care, school system problems and the criminal justice system).When I went to several different sources, I find that over 150,000 refugees have been resettled in Texas since 1983, and that number doesn t include secondary migrants from other states (Dallas County got the most secondary migrants last year 60% of all those arriving in Texas).And, of course, it doesn t include all of the children produced in three decades! Nor does it include the thousands of  unaccompanied alien children  that may not have been distributed around the nation from last year s border invasion. Obama would like nothing more than to have them declared  refugees  as well (refugees get all forms of welfare upon arrival!).The top resettlement cities in Texas are (resettlement is not limited to these sites, dozens and dozens of smaller cities and towns are receiving refugees):AbileneAmarilloAustinCorpus ChristiDallasEl PasoFort WorthHoustonSan AntonioFor new readers, you might want to have a look at our archive on Amarillo which has developed into a  pocket of resistance  as the mayor there has asked the federal government to slow the flow since the school system is suffering with the influx of non-English speaking children many of whom are illiterate in their own language. The meatpacking industry is responsible for much of the resettlement to Amarillo (hunger for cheap labor!).The top nations from which Texas received refugees in 2014 were in this order: Iraq, Cuba, Burma, Afghanistan, and tied for 5th place Somalia and Bhutan(Nepal).So when did Texas move into the number one spot in the nation?For years and years other states ranked above Texas including California, New York and Florida. According to this very cool graph (above right), it was in 2011 that Texas gained this dubious distinction.And, if you are wondering why the number dipped in 2011, this is why: That year it was learned that Iraqi terrorists disguised as refugees were arrested in Kentucky. Turns out the pair had lied (can you believe it, they lied!) on their refugee application and it was only when they were found to be planning on helping Al-Qaeda in Iraq was it discovered that one of them had left fingerprints on an IED shard that was warehoused by the US military. The shard came from an IED that had killed Pennsylvania National Guard troops. They are in prison for life.The arrest threw the Refugee Admissions Program of the US State Department into chaos because they had to re-screen thousands and thousands of Iraqis headed to America. Iraqis make up the largest ethnic group we are admitting to America now at a rate of about 20,000 a year. The majority are Muslims (both Shiites and Sunnis as we import their centuries old squabble to your towns!).IT S PROBABLY NO ACCIDENT THAT BARACK OBAMA GAVE THE  Teacher of the year  award to Shanna Peoples,  A high school English teacher from Amarillo, Texas, who works with refugees:In order to question this 35-year-old legal immigration program, you must first get the facts!* Read our Fact Sheet, here. Open and read all the links in this post!* Go to the Texas Department of State Health Services website and learn all you can about the refugees coming to Texas. Don t miss the stats on their health conditions (refugees are admitted with TB, HepB, HIV and parasites).* You have a State Refugee Coordinator and her name is Caitriona Lyons (she is Irish, btw), call her and ask her to direct you to the Texas refugee plan. Here is a description of the plan and the legal requirement that every state have one (and they must keep it current). Ask her to direct you to it and read it!Remember in Texas your governor does have a say in what happens with refugee resettlement! Where has he been?Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
17281,BREAKING VIDEO: DHS WHISTLEBLOWER TESTIFIES OF HARASSMENT AND LOSS OF GUN RIGHTS,"Wow! This is big and has to do with telling the truth about the EB-5 visa program:A Department of Homeland Security watchdog report issued Tuesday blasted the agency s No. 2 official for repeatedly intervening on behalf of well-connected participants in an investor-visa program, including Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-Va.) and Tony Rodham, a brother of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.The inspector general report faults Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas for creating  an appearance of favoritism and special access  as a result of highly unusual steps he took while serving as director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which oversaw the investment-based program known as EB-5.WHISTLEBLOWER HARASSED AND ABUSED:They took her right to carry a weapon away and harassed her. This woman is very brave to testify! Hopefully, they will keep on digging into this and find out everything they need to. Great job Taylor! Taylor Johnson, a senior special agent in the Homeland Security Investigations division of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, testified at a Senate hearing alongside whistleblowers from several other agencies who claim to have faced similar harassment.Johnson told lawmakers she ran into resistance after investigating the so-called EB-5 program, which offers visas to investors. She said she looked into the program over concerns about security risks, questioning whether visas were being approved with little scrutiny.But Johnson said her managers began to hear complaints about her queries. Soon, she was removed from the investigation, and the case was closed.From there, it got worse.Johnson told the Senate Homeland Security Committee her  weapon and credentials  were taken, her government vehicle was confiscated, and her access to the building where she worked and government databases was revoked.Further, she said,  I was told I couldn t even carry or own a personal weapon, which is a constitutional rights violation.  Read more: FOX News",0
17282,PARENTS JAILED AND KIDS TAKEN AWAY FOR 90 MINUTE DELAY IN GETTING HOME TO 11-YEAR OLD,"This is so over the top it s not funny. I m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? Held overnight in jail? Does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?If this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting Free-Range legislation would be a great, vote-getting platform   I m not sure what will. I got this letter a week ago and was waiting for the mom s permission to run it. Got it. Boldface mine:My children are not free range children. The younger one has always had a baby sitter. The older one who just turned 11 a couple of weeks ago always had a baby sitter as well. This school year that changed. The eleven year old comes home and is met by his dad who lets him in the house. In the event dad isn t here on time, his instructions are to wait in the backyard until I come home about 20 minutes later.On this particular day, a little more than a month ago, both dad and I were both running late due bad traffic and rain. We were about and hour and a half late. When we arrived the police had been anonymously called and we were arrested for child neglect.We still do not have our children, we are fighting for our own freedom and due to the nature of my employment I am no longer employed. My son was in his own yard playing basketball, not in the street or at the park. The authorities claim he had no access to water or shelter. We have an open shed in the back yard and 2 working sinks and 2 hoses. They said he had no food. He ate his snacks already. He had no bathroom, but the responding officer found our yard good enough to relieve himself in while our son sat in a police car alone. In his own yard, in a state, Florida, that has no minimum age for children to be alone. If you have any advice for what I should do I will accept it.The advice I gave was to contact The National Association of Parents, which fights for the rights of parents (including the Meitivs) to raise their kids without government interference, except in cases of clear and convincing evidence of actual or imminent harm. That threshhold is a far cry from whatever horrors are visited upon tweens playing basketball while waiting for their parents to get home. (To support the Association of Parents with a donation, go here.)Then on Friday, the mom wrote back:I just wanted to give you an update. Our sons were returned to us on Tuesday/Wednesday in the children s court/DCF with adjudication withheld. However the criminal prosecutor is not dropping the charges as of today. We have to appear in the criminal court on June 11th to put in our plea. I would love to speak to someone however due to my job (which is still on the line) I don t know if it will make it better or worse. I am a state and county employee with the school system and I was made to sign a paper stating I would not speak with teachers parents or students regarding the matter.That being said, it is possible this mom will never talk publicly about this case. Even so, WE should talk about it. It is time to rein in the power of the state to turn parents into criminals simply because they are imperfect.Perfection is impossible in this world, and if the government is allowed to hound a family whose plans got mildly screwed up, it can hound every single one of us.Via: Free Range Kids",0
17283,WHO NEEDS NANCY PELOSI WHEN CONGRESS HAS PAUL RYAN: “It’s [Obamatrade deal] declassified and made public once it’s agreed to”,"Why do we even need a Congress anymore? We have a King, and it appears the majority his council are there at his behest. In fact, why do we even need a Constitution or elections? Chief Obamatrade proponent House Ways and Means Committee chairman Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) admitted during Congressional testimony on Wednesday evening that despite tons of claims from him and other Obamatrade supporters to the contrary, the process is highly secretive.He also made a gaffe in his House Rules Committee testimony on par with former Speaker Rep. Nancy Pelosi s (D-CA) push to pass Obamacare, in which she said infamously said:  we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it. It s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said of Obamatrade in Rules Committee testimony on Wednesday during questioning from Rep. Michael Burgess (R-TX).What Ryan is trying to convince House Republicans to do is vote for Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) which would fast-track at least three highly secretive trade deals specifically the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA), and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP) and potentially more deals.Right now, TiSA and T-TIP text are completely secretive and unavailable for even members of Congress to read while TPP text is available for members to review although they need to go to a secret room inside the Capitol where only members of Congress and certain staffers high-level security clearances, who can only go when members are present, can read the bill.Ryan s exchange in which he made this gaffe came as Burgess, who opposes Obamatrade, and Rules Committee chairman Rep. Pete Sessions (R-TX)65% , who stands with Ryan supporting it, were discussing the secrecy of the deal with him. It came right after an incredible exchange where Ryan attempted a ploy to try to save immigration provisions contained within the Obamatrade package as a whole specifically TiSA that were exposed by Breitbart News earlier on Wednesday, a problem for which he put forward a phony non-solution designed to get more votes for his Obamatrade agenda but not stop the immigration provisions. I would like to add and I stated this up front, that the gentleman Mr. Ryan worked well with not only myself but other members to address specific ideas, concerns, issues and you have done an outstanding job to make sure instead of saying,  well that s not a problem, no I m not going to get into that,  you ve bent over backwards Mr. Ryan,  Sessions said. I ve watched you do this and working with us, whether it be a request from the United States Senate that was done on a bipartisan basis or whether it be one of our members, we have tried to work with those things. This, Dr. Burgess, this is why I can tout this agreement because we ve tried to go in whether it s the areas that I ve talked about foreign policy, dispute resolution, climate change, sovereignty, immigration, currency, transparency, fast-track, presidential power and more that haven t previously been addressed we ve tried to thoughtfully articulate a good answer and Mr. Ryan has done that most favorably and I think his articulation today is evidence of his knowledge of those parameters therein. After Sessions  pitch, Burgess jumped back in to make another point. And I appreciate all of that but again, you read through this language down in the secret room and I welcome the day when people can read it  Burgess said, before Ryan cut him off. By the way, TPA it s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said.What Ryan is technically referring to is that TPP will become public if TPA is agreed to but Congress will lose much of its ability to have oversight over and influence on the process, since TPP is, in many respects, already negotiated. It s 800 pages long, and on fast-track, Congress will only get an up-or-down vote and won t be able to offer amendments. The Senate vote threshold also drops down to a simple majority rather than normally having a 60-vote threshold, or in the case of treaties, a 67-vote threshold.Burgess then moved forward with his point. But this is really tough sledding and it s not an area where I have a lot of familiarity and I m sorry,  Burgess said.  The language as its written looks to me as if it is something that could be exploited. I appreciate all the safeguards you ve tried to put in place. And with this administration you can leave no stone unturned as far as putting in safeguards but I m not convinced that we again I can t get into the specifics of what I ve read because of the agreement that I signed downstairs but it concerns me and I ll just leave it at that and I ll yield back. Sessions then jumped in to say he and Ryan are available to answer any questions about this matter whenever anyone wants yet Sessions  committee staff is publicly refusing to answer any detailed questions from Breitbart News on Obamatrade at this time. I thank the gentleman,  Sessions said..  In fact the gentleman, Mr. Levin is correct there will be some changes that have to go back to the United States Senate but I would like to say with great confidence to my dear friend the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, that if you still have reservations from your reading of anything I would encourage you to engage the gentleman Mr. Ryan or myself, Dr. Burgess, any time you d like. I m available. Mr. Ryan s available. We ve made ourselves available with specifics on the same level. Burgess noted how the process seeking fast-track in the Bush administration was much more transparent than it is now. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I promised to be on my best behavior today and I am really trying it took a long time for me to even be able to see the agreement down in the secret room even though I was willing to sign the release that said I wouldn t talk about it. It took me a long time to get an audience with the U.S. Trade Representative,  Burgess said.  It should not have done that. Ten years ago we did CAFTA [Central American Free Trade Agreement], Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH)56% was in my office he lived there. I couldn t get rid of him. This time, I couldn t get a it was an act of Congress literally to get him to come and talk to my subcommittee on Energy and Commerce, which is the subcommittee of Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade. That s how difficult this has been, so please I thank you for the work you ve done in trying to make this an open and fair process but my confidence in this administration has been and remains at an all time low and I appreciate what we ve heard today but I can t tell you that I m mollified by Ryan then interrupted Burgess again to argue that his concerns over the secrecy are why Republicans should relent and support Obamatrade. All I would say is all the more reason to pass TPA,  Ryan said.  First of all, yes this administration is different and I can jump on the bash bandwagon better than anybody else as far as how they conduct themselves. Via: Matthew Boyle  Breitbart News",0
17284,WHY ARE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK ATTENDING BILDERBERG’S 2015 LUXURY SECRET POLICY CONFERENCE?,"Why are banking powerhouses, European Prime Ministers, a major arms manufacturer, a representative from the US State Department, Facebook and Google all attending the same secret policy summit? One of Bilderberg s founders and steering committee member, Denis Healey said in 2001:  To say we were striving for a one-world government is exaggerated, but not wholly unfair. Those of us in Bilderberg felt we couldn t go on forever fighting one another for nothing and killing people and rendering millions homeless. So we felt that a single community throughout the world would be a good thing. From The Guardian: As one summit closes, another opens. Thursday sees the start of the influential Bilderberg policy conference, which this year is being held in Austria, just 16 miles south of the G7 summit, and in a similarly inaccessible luxury alpine resort. The participant list for the conference has just been released by the organisation, and some big names leap off the page.No fewer than three serving European prime ministers will be attending, from the Netherlands, Finland and Belgium. They will be discussing  European strategy  with the head of Nato, Jens Stoltenberg, and the president of Austria, Heinz Fischer. Two European finance ministers are on the list: one Dutch, the other George Osborne. The UK chancellor is a regular attendee of the Bilderberg summit, and this year he will be showing off his post-election glow. Unlike that other Bilderberg regular, Ed Balls, who is being invited back despite having by some considerable distance the weakest job title on the list:  former shadow chancellor of the exchequer.Europe s hottest financial potato, Greece, is on the conference agenda, and it s good to know Beno t Coeur , a member of the executive board of the European Central Bank, will be there to discuss it in strictest privacy with interested parties, such as the heads of Deutsche Bank, Lazard, Banco Santander and HSBC.The scandal-hit HSBC and everyone s favourite vampire squid, Goldman Sachs, are both extremely well represented at this year s conference. HSBC in particular by its chairman, its busy chief legal officer, and board member Rona Fairhead, who is also on the board of PepsiCo and chair of the BBC Trust. Good to know the BBC is in such safe hands.Other financial luminaries on the list include the vice-chairman of BlackRock, the CEO of JP Morgan Asset Management and the president of the Royal Bank of Canada, which is the nation s largest financial institution. Morgan Stanley will be represented in Telfs by board member Klaus Kleinfeld, who also runs the world s third largest aluminium producer, Alcoa.From the worlds of industry and manufacturing are some eye-wateringly big names. The CEO of Michelin is invited, along with the head of Roche, the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell, the chairman of BP, the CEO of Siemens Austria and the heads of various industrial conglomerates such as Techint and Investor AB, companies so large they re hard to classify. Although  gigantic  goes some way towards it.It s a heady step up into the big league for Michael O Leary, the CEO of Ryanair. He ll doubtless be hoping to thrash out a few last-minute deals over dinner with the head of Airbus, Thomas Enders.Apart from making holiday jets, Airbus is also one of the world s biggest arms manufacturers, and the 2015 conference agenda has a distinct whiff of war. Chemical weapons threats and Nato are both set to be discussed. Luckily the head of Nato is there to discuss it.As ever, foreign policy formation is a big part of the conference. Terrorism and Iran both make the agenda this year, and participants can expect a high-level briefing from senior US State Department official John R Allen, the special presidential envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter Isil. And it s likely that the subject of Russia will be of interest to the German defence minister and deputy defence minister, both of whom have found the time this week to be in Telfs. As has the head of the Danish intelligence service, who will likely have a part to play in the session of cybersecurity.Finally, it s worth noting the growing presence of Google at Bilderberg. The company s executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, is on the group s steering committee; he ll be joined in Austria by his vice-president for engineering, advanced technology and projects, and the vice-president of engineering for the not-at-all terrifying sounding Google DeepMind. They, presumably, will be leading the session on artificial intelligence. This will be listened to with great interest by Peter Thiel, the founder of PayPal and director of Facebook, as he continues his quest to merge with computers. But that s another story.For now, the story is: Bilderberg 2015 has an extremely high-powered participant list, featuring a large number of senior politicians and public figures. With participants this powerful, and an agenda containing this many hot topics, the Telfs policy conference is sure to be covered in depth by the world s press. And by  sure to be , I mean probably won t be. For reasons that, as ever, escape me.Via: The Guardian ",0
17285,INFINITE ARROGANCE: Obama Doesn’t Think The Supreme Court Should Have Taken Up Obamacare Challenge,"With an Imperial President who believes he is above the law, is there even a need for a Supreme court?On Monday, President Barack Obama said the Supreme Court should not have taken up the challenge to the Affordable Care Act in King v. Burwell. This should be an easy case. Frankly, it probably should not even have been taken up,  Obama said during a press conference at the G-7 summit in Germany.When asked whether the administration had a  plan B,  in the event that the Supreme Court strikes down subsidies in states that do not run their own health insurance exchanges, Obama said there are no easy solutions. You have a model where all the pieces connect,  he said.  And there are a whole bunch of scenarios   not just with relation to health care but all kinds of stuff I do   where if somebody does something that does not make any sense, it is hard to fix. This would be hard to fix. The president called the legal challenge  bizarre  in light of the law s successful implementation. What s more the thing s working,  Obama said.  Part of what is bizarre about the whole thing is that we have not had a lot of conversation about the horrors of Obamacare because none of them have come to pass. The Supreme Court will announce a ruling this month on whether the Affordable Care Act s designation of an  exchange established by the state  means that the law can only provide subsidies to individuals in states that run their own exchanges. If the court rules in favor of a narrow interpretation of that provision of the law, 6.4 million people in 34 states will lose their subsidies, leaving many unable to afford insurance.Via: Huffington Post",0
17286,HELL-BENT ON A CONVICTION: Is The Pentagon’s Third Attempt At Convicting A Marine For The Death Of An Iraqi Citizen Politically Motivated?,"Which begs the question:How many Iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? And do the rules of engagement only apply to the US Military? A retrial is set to begin Monday at Camp Pendleton for a Marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an Iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the Iraq war.Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a Marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former Iraqi police officer in Hamandiya, west of Baghdad.The killing was meant as a warning to Iraqis to stop planting roadside bombs and cooperating with insurgent snipers attacking U.S. troops.Six other Marines and a Navy corpsman were also convicted in what was called the Pendleton 8 case. As the squad leader, Hutchins got the longest sentence, 15 years, later reduced to 11.Appeals courts twice have overturned Hutchins  conviction: once on grounds that the NCIS illegally obtained a confession, once because his lawyer was allowed to retire on the eve of trial. The Marine Corps has opted for a retrial.Hutchins has spent more than six years behind bars, first at the federal prison at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan., and then the brig at Miramar Marine Corps Air Station in San Diego. Since mid-2013, he has been free on appeal, restored to his rank of sergeant and assigned to Camp Pendleton, living with his wife and children.The legal case has provoked strong, contrasting opinions among Marines.Several of Hutchins  co-defendants, all of whom are long since freed and returned to civilian life, believe the killing, while brutal, saved American lives because attacks on U.S. troops declined in the following months.Other Marines believe the Marine Corps must retry Hutchins to prove that it can hold its ranks accountable for the unauthorized use of deadly force. The Marine Corps is doing what justice demands,  said Gary Solis, a retired Marine and now an adjunct law professor at Georgetown University. It is being neither unfair nor harsh,  Solis said.  An innocent Iraqi male was taken prisoner by Hutchins and his squad and, while he was bound, repeatedly shot in the face [and] murdered. Much of the evidence against Hutchins will come from squad members who were convicted in the case, Solis noted:  Given the unusually strong case against Hutchins   the Marine Corps would be derelict were it to walk away from the murder of a defenseless Iraqi. But Bing West, former Marine, former assistant secretary of Defense and author of books about combat Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan, said that, given the chaos facing Marine  grunts  during the Iraq war, a retrial is unwarranted. In a savage war, Sgt. Hutchins, mistakenly believing he was protecting his squad, killed an innocent Iraqi,  West said.  He has spent several years in the brig. Further punishment would be unjust. It is time to allow him and all of us to move on. Marine prosecutors would not comment.Christopher Oprison, a former Marine and Hutchins  defense attorney, has promised a vigorous defense in which he will assert that the Marine Corps is continuing to pursue his client for political purposes. The case, he said,  is an indictment of the entire military justice system. The prosecution is basing its case on the information obtained by rogue NCIS agents who forced these young Marines to confess under threats and coercion. Oprison insists that comments made by Navy Secy. Ray Mabus in 2009 alleging guilt by the Pendleton 8 have tainted the case and prevented Hutchins from getting a fair trial. The political pressure to make an example out of Sgt. Hutchins is palpable,  Oprison said.  Enough is enough. The gloves are off. We hope to have Sgt. Hutchins home with his wife and children on Father s Day   a free man. Under military rules, the jury will include officers and enlisted, most of whom, if not all, have served combat tours in Iraq, Afghanistan or both. The jury will decide guilt or innocence, and punishment.Via: LA Times",0
17287,DEMOCRAT MOCKS AMERICANS For Believing ‘Climate Change’ Is Part Of Obamatrade: Two Weeks Later…Obama Announces ‘Climate Change’ Is Part of Obamatrade,"Not that it matters, but since it appears that no one has read the bill, it s probably not that unlikely that Democrat senator Ron Wyden misspoke In a speech on the Senate floor on May 22, Democratic senator Ron Wyden of Oregon ridiculed those who thought climate change regulation would be part of Obamatrade:We ve heard suggested, for example, that it s a backdoor route to immigration reform or action on climate change . My sense is that the rate these hypotheticals are going, you re bound to hear that a future president working on a trade deal might have second thoughts about the Louisiana purchase.But in an interview on NPR s Marketplace yesterday (June 3), President Obama said that enforcing climate change regulations will indeed be part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Obamatrade pact that he is currently negotiating with Malaysia and 10 other countries. He said:If we want to solve something like climate change, which is one of my highest priorities, then I ve got to be able to get into places like Malaysia, and say to them, this is in your interest. What leverage do I have to get them to stop deforestation? Well part of the leverage is if I m in a trade relationship with them that allows me to raise standards.In December, Obama will negotiate a multi-country climate agreement in Paris. We already know from Obama s joint announcement with China that he will commit the United States to a huge reduction in carbon emissions of 26%-28% from 2005 levels, but he will let China, already a much larger carbon emitter, continue to expand its carbon emissions until 2030.Via: American Thinker",0
17288,BREAKING: MASSIVE CYBER ATTACK ON ALL FEDERAL EMPLOYEE INFO," This data breach could affect every federal agency. Chinese hackers?The federal government is notifying millions of employees as it works to assess the impact of a massive data breach involving the agency that handles security clearances and employee records.A foreign entity or government is believed to be behind the cyber attack. U.S. officials are investigating whether Chinese hackers were involved, Reuters reported, citing a source familiar with the matter. The FBI is working with our interagency partners to investigate this matter. We take all potential threats to public and private sector systems seriously, and will continue to investigate and hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace,  an FBI spokesman told CNBC.A congressional aide familiar with the situation, who declined to be named because he was not authorized to discuss it, says the Office of Personnel Management and the Interior Department were hacked. A second U.S. official who also declined to be identified said the data breach could potentially affect every federal agency.The OPM plans to notify approximately 4 million individuals whose personally identifiable information (PII) may have been compromised in the breach, the agency said in a release.  Since the investigation is on-going, additional PII exposures may come to light; in that case, OPM will conduct additional notifications as necessary,  the release said.Read more: cnbc",0
17289,UNREAL! IRS USED ‘HUNDREDS OF LAWYERS’ TO HIDE INFORMATION FROM CONGRESS,"So much for the promise of transparency from Obama. Hundreds of lawyers?  The  special project  this team was given? Concealing information from Congress.The IRS s director of privacy, governmental liaison, and disclosure division, Mary Howard, testified that soon after the IRS targeting scandal was revealed, the IRS  amassed hundreds of attorneys to go through the documents [requested by Congress] and redact them.  She told Congress that once the  special project team  was created and operational, she never saw requests for information.Members of Congress have long complained that many of the documents produced by the IRS have been  redacted to the point of absurdity.  Now we know why.Her testimony is clear: As soon as the IRS targeting scandal broke, the IRS set up a special team of hundreds of attorneys, including President Obama s political head of the Chief Counsel s office, to keep requests for publicly available information away from the person who would normally review those documents and turn them over to Congress and the public. That  special  team then overly redacted, delayed, and determined which documents it wanted Congress to see.After setting up a special  group  to target and delay applications by Tea Party groups for tax-exempt status, the IRS set up a new  special project team  to delay and redact information from Congress about that targeting. Talk about a cover-up.When asked about these revelations and the ongoing investigation by Congress into the IRS and former top IRS official Lois Lerner s involvement, Howard testified,  I think that Lois Lerner was the tip of the iceberg. This is what we at the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) have been arguing all along. The targeting of conservative groups, the delays, the unconstitutionally abusive questions go far beyond Lerner. We expect to learn more about Lerner s role and the disappearance and later recovery of many of her emails later this month as the Inspector General for Tax Administration is due to issue its report.Congress s investigation is far from over. At the ACLJ, our ongoing lawsuit on behalf of dozens of conservative and pro-life groups targeted by the IRS is far from over. Our appeal is pending before a federal appeals court in Washington, D.C.Unfortunately, the targeting is far from over as well, as the application of one of our clients has been pending for well over five years. We will continue fighting to expose IRS corruption and pursue justice for the American people.Jay Sekulow is Chief Counsel of the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ), which focuses on constitutional law. He is a New York Times bestselling author. Jay s latest book is  UNDEMOCRATIC: How Unelected, Unaccountable Bureaucrats Are Stealing Your Liberty and Freedom  (Howard Books May 19, 2015). He hosts  Jay Sekulow Live  a daily radio show which is broadcast on more than 850 stations nationwide as well as Sirius/XM satellite radio. Follow him on Twitter @JaySekulow.Via: FOX News",0
17290,(VIDEO) MARK STEYN ON ‘AMERICAN RELEVANCE’ IN THE WORLD, ,0
17291,OBAMA’S ILLEGALS TO GET RETRO TAX CREDITS FOR TIME THEY WORKED IN US ILLEGALLY With No Requirement To File,"No need to file rules don t apply to Obama s amnestied illegals Illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally, even if they never filed a tax return during those years, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has confirmed to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA).In a written response to questions Grassley, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, asked Koskinen following a February hearing on the IRS budget, the IRS commissioner clarified his earlier assertions that illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty   and Social Security numbers   can access Earned Income Tax Credits (EITC) for years they were working in the country illegally.Back in February, Koskinen said that in order to claim the tax credits the amnestied illegal immigrant would have had to have filed returns in the past.In his written statement to Grassley, released Wednesday, Koskinen went another step, saying an illegal immigrant granted amnesty could claim back tax credits regardless if they had filed returns in the past. To clarify my earlier comments on EITC, not only can an individual amend a prior year return to claim EITC, but an individual who did not file a prior year return may file a return and claim EITC (subject to refund limitations under section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code). I would note that filing new returns for prior years would likely be difficult, since filers would have to reconstruct earnings and other records for years when they were not able to work on the books,  Koskinen said in his written response.According to the IRS, illegal immigrants granted amnesty, and with it Social Security numbers, can claim up to three years prior in back tax credits. Section 32 of the Internal Revenue Code requires an SSN on the return, but a taxpayer claiming the EITC is not required to have an SSN before the close of the year for which the EITC is claimed. At your request, the IRS has reviewed the relevant statutes and legislative history, and we believe that the 2000 Chief Counsel Advice (CCA) on this issue is correct,  Koskinen added.With this benefit Illegal immigrants granted amnesty could receive tens of thousands of dollars in back tax refunds.Via: Breitbart News",0
17292,(VIDEO) BUSTED! YOU’LL NEVER BELIEVE WHO ELSE TOLD THE COPS IN BALTIMORE TO “BACK OFF”,This is the Baltimore State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby s husband   At the 2:37 mark he says he told the police to  back off . His wife is prosecuting the cops in the Freddie Gray case. The accused cops have asked the judge for a change of venue great idea! ,0
17293,SENATE PASSES USA FREEDOM ACT,"McConnell was shut down completely in this debate as all amendments he put forth were rejected including the McConnell-Burr Amendment.Congress approved sweeping changes Tuesday to surveillance laws enacted after the Sept. 11 attacks, eliminating the National Security Agency s disputed bulk phone-records collection program and replacing it with a more restrictive measure to keep the records in phone companies  hands.Two days after Congress let the phone-records collection and several other anti-terror programs expire, the Senate s 67-32 vote sent the legislation to President Barack Obama, who signed it Tuesday night. This legislation will strengthen civil liberty safeguards and provide greater public confidence in these programs,  Obama said in a statement. Officials said it could take at least several days to restart the collection.The legislation will revive most of the programs the Senate had allowed to lapse in a dizzying collision of presidential politics and national security policy. But the authorization will undergo major changes, the legacy of agency contractor Edward Snowden s explosive revelations two years ago about domestic spying by the government.In an unusual shifting of alliances, the legislation passed with the support of Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, but over the strong opposition of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. McConnell failed to persuade the Senate to extend the current law unchanged, and came up short in a last-ditch effort Tuesday to amend the House version, as nearly a dozen of his own Republicans abandoned him in a series of votes. This is a step in the wrong direction,  a frustrated McConnell said on the Senate floor ahead of the Senate s final vote to approve the House version, dubbed the USA Freedom Act. He said the legislation  does not enhance the privacy protections of American citizens. And it surely undermines American security by taking one more tool form our warfighters at exactly the wrong time. The legislation remakes the most controversial aspect of the USA Patriot Act   the once-secret bulk collection program that allows the National Security Agency to sweep up Americans  phone records and comb through them for ties to international terrorists. Over six months the NSA would lose the power to collect and store those records, but the government still could gain court orders to obtain data connected to specific numbers from the phone companies, which typically store them for 18 months.It would also continue other post-9/11 surveillance provisions that lapsed Sunday night, and which are considered more effective than the phone-data collection program. These include the FBI s authority to gather business records in terrorism and espionage investigations and to more easily eavesdrop on suspects who are discarding cellphones to avoid surveillance.Read more: AP",0
17294,DANIEL GREENFIELD NAILS IT: AMERICA IS BEING RUN JUST LIKE BALTIMORE,"DANIEL GREENFIELD NAILS IT! This is one of the best resourced and stated takes on what America s going through that I ve ever read. Thank you Mr. Greenfield! Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam.The Congressional Black Caucus is the most ridiculously corrupt part of an already corrupt Congress. A study two years ago found that a third of black congressmen had been named in an ethics probe during their careers. 5 of the 6 members under review by the House Ethics Committee that year were CBCers. In 2009, every single member of Congress under investigation was from the same old gang.Like the Clinton Foundation, the CBC exists to trade money for influence. The Caucus takes in tens of millions from major corporations and spends it on parties for its members and funnels the rest into fake non-profits. Even the minority scholarships endowed with great ceremony as a way of providing opportunity to their underprivileged constituents have a way of going to their own children and friends.The Congressional Black Caucus claims that it s  the conscience of the Congress  when it s actually the tip of a corrupt urban political machine that keeps black people in chains. Its members are lying idiots whose only response to criticism (including the ethics charges leveled against them) is to shout racism because that is the job they were chosen for by their real backers and masters.Consider Representative Sheila Jackson Lee; the dumbest member of the CBC notorious for believing that we won the Vietnam War and that our astronauts had planted a flag on Mars.Back in 2002, Sheila Jackson Lee announced on CNN,  I happen to represent Enron here in Houston.  That was an accurate summary. Her campaign had been funded by Enron. After Enron disappeared, other companies came along eager to funnel money to Sheila Jackson Lee and the CBC.Attempted major mergers between AT&T and T-Mobile and between Time Warner and Comcast were financed with major donations from the participants to the CBC. CBC members enthusiastically signed on to the AT&T merger claiming that it would help black people.It wouldn t have, but it certainly helped CBC members.Cell phone companies, dirty banks and drug companies all benefit from CBC intervention at the expense of their constituents. Like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, the CBC is an example of the merger between corporate corruption and urban political corruption masquerading as civil rights. That s why CBC members are not only noted for being ridiculously corrupt, but also for being ridiculously stupid.In addition to Sheila Jackson Lee, there s Hank Johnson who claimed that an added Marine presence might cause the island of Guam to tip over, Maxine Waters who accused the CIA of selling crack in black neighborhoods or Frederica Wilson who claimed that the term  illegal alien  is offensive because  To me an alien is somebody who is from another planet . Much like the brain of the average CBC member.And who could forget Marcia Fudge s stirring condemnation of the Tea Party.  These same people believe if you do not work, you are lazy. These same people believe that if your children don t get a good education, something is wrong with you. These are the craziest people I have seen in my life. Just absolute nuts. They don t understand that the government s job is to take care of its people. Like Sheila Jackson Lee, their stupidity was not an accident.The best corrupt politicians are too stupid to understand the consequences and too shameless to care about ethics. CBC members are carefully selected for their worst qualities. They are national examples of the corrupt urban political machine that has crippled black communities around the country.The next wave of CBC members who sought statewide and national office appeared to be made of better stuff. The wave hit its peak with Obama, who campaigned as a modern non-tribal politician striving for national excellence. Unlike Jesse Jackson, Obama appeared to be a fundamentally different type of urban politician. Their mutual hostility only reinforced that.But the CBC s next wave of smooth-talking Ivy League pragmatists who were supposed to save black communities proved to be just as rotten. After all the publicity, Cory Booker not only didn t turn Newark around, he turned out to be using it as a springboard for higher political office. Once in office, Obama proved to be every bit as tribally racist as any CBC member and twice as corrupt as the worst of them.As he presides over national race riots that he helped fuel, the whole country is getting a taste of what living under the governance of the urban political machine in the inner city looks like.In Baltimore, the latest flash point of Obama s race riots, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, an Oberlin grad and the daughter of an important politician, was supposed to be a step up from the incompetence and corruption of her predecessor who had been convicted of stealing gift cards meant for the poor. Instead she promised that casinos would fix everything and when they didn t, she went on spending.Even without the #BlackLivesMatter riots, Baltimore was on the road to financial ruin just like Chicago and Detroit. The urban political machine found the riots convenient because while it destroyed businesses, it let them blame the city s economic disaster on racism instead of corruption.State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby s already botched prosecution of the police officers is just more political theater to distract the people of the city from what their political establishment has done to them. Like Rawlings-Blake, Mosby and her husband have shown us that the next generation of the political machine is slicker, but no cleaner or more competent than its predecessors.The Baltimore political establishment panders to criminals because it s run by criminals. This is a city whose mayor only has her job because her predecessor was convicted and whose NAACP boss tried to claim that her son s heroin was really insulin which he was using to kill mice in the NAACP offices. Meanwhile Mosby is claiming that someone hacked her Twitter account to favorite racist tweets.When Obama moved into the White House, the corruption of the urban political machine joined him there. His attorney general had been slammed by Congress over Pardongate s paid pardons for fugitives. Holder set the tone for an administration that casually traded cash for political favors. It lied about the economy and terrorism, and when the lies were exposed, it touched off race riots to distract everyone.America is now being run just like Baltimore.Read more: Front Page",0
17295,SUPREME COURT: ABERCROMBIE & FITCH LOSES CASE BROUGHT BY HEADSCARF-WEARING MUSLIM WOMAN,"This decision by the Supreme Court is confusing in that Christians are shut down for so many things but the A & F corporates need to hire hijab-wearing Muslim woman even though it goes against their policy. Why the double standard?The Supreme Court ruled Monday for a Muslim woman who did not get hired after she showed up to a job interview with clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch wearing a black headscarf.The justices said that employers generally have to accommodate job applicants and employees with religious needs if the employer at least has an idea that such accommodation is necessary.Job applicant Samantha Elauf did not tell her interviewer she was Muslim. But Justice Antonin Scalia said for the court that Abercrombie  at least suspected  that Elauf wore a headscarf for religious reasons.  That is enough,  Scalia said in an opinion for seven justices.The headscarf, or hijab, violated the company s strict dress code for employees who work in its retail stores.Via: DFP",0
17296,SUPREME COURT: VIOLENT THREATS ON FACEBOOK MAY BE OK," Art is about pushing limits. I m willing to go to jail for my constitutional rights. Are you?    Anthony ElonisThe Supreme Court struck another blow for free speech Monday, ruling that threats made over the Internet are protected unless they are malevolent or reckless.The decision was a temporary victory for Anthony Elonis and those like him whose threatening words on Facebook or similar social media sites may instill fear in their targets. But it was a defeat for the government and groups that defend victims of domestic violence.Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the decision for a near-unanimous court. Justice Clarence Thomas dissented, and Justice Samuel Alito dissented in part.Elonis was 27 and recently unemployed in Pennsylvania five years ago when he began posting threats against his estranged wife and others, from a generic kindergarten class to the FBI agents who came to his door. He was convicted on four counts of transmitting threats and sentenced to 44 months in prison. He completed his term a year ago.The question that has split federal appeals courts is whether the threats must be intentional, or whether they are illegal just because a  reasonable person    such as those on the receiving end   takes them seriously. Elonis was convicted under the latter standard; a majority of justices ruled that s not sufficient.Elonis might not be off the hook, however. The high court s ruling means his case will be sent back to a lower court to determine whether he meant what he posted or, as he claimed, was just exercising his right to artistic expression. If the court rules that his posts were intentionally threatening, his conviction will stand.The case represents a critical test of free speech in the Internet age, when words that seem threatening emanate from violent spouses and video game-players alike. The justices were seeking a rule that could result in locking up the former and letting the latter off the hook.Elonis  case offered a perfect test. After his wife, Tara, left him and took their two children, he lost his job at an Allentown, Pa., amusement park and began a series of dark posts containing explicit references to violence against his wife, coworkers, kindergartners, police and the FBI.Sometimes, he imitated rap lyrics. Other times, he referred to his First Amendment rights. His lawyers said it was a form of therapy as well as art. Did you know that it s illegal for me to say I want to kill my wife?  Elonis wrote in one of many posts.  It s illegal. It s indirect criminal contempt. It s one of the only sentences that I m not allowed to say. The lengthy diatribe copied nearly word-for-word a satirical sketch by the Whitest Kids U  Know comedy troupe, concluding with Elonis  own summation:  Art is about pushing limits. I m willing to go to jail for my constitutional rights. Are you? Read more: DFP",0
17297,NSA ARCHITECT: NSA SNOOPING EXPIRES BUT FEDS WILL CONTINUE SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS’ PHONE RECORDS,"This NSA whistleblower has some very interesting things to say about what will happen now that the right to snoop has expired:The AP had this to say about what s happening now with the NSA:Eight days after blocking it, Senate Republicans have agreed to begin debate on a House bill that would overhaul the National Security Agency s handling of American calling records while preserving other domestic surveillance provisions.But that remarkable turnabout didn t happen soon enough to prevent the laws governing the programs from expiring at midnight Sunday as Republican Sen. Rand Paul, a presidential contender, stood in the way of extending the program, angering his GOP colleagues and frustrating intelligence and law enforcement officials.Now, the question is whether the Senate will pass a bill the House can live with. If so, the surveillance programs will resume, with some significant changes in how the phone records are handled. If not, they will remain dormant.The Senate vote on the measure known as the USA Freedom Act can come no earlier than 1 a.m., Tuesday. Senate Republican aides said they expected some amendments, but no major revisions to the bill. Having gone past the brink, the Senate must now embrace the necessity of acting responsibly,  said Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House intelligence committee, in a statement after Sunday s Senate vote.The high-stakes drama played out as Congress debated the most significant changes prompted by the disclosures of Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor who revealed the phone records collection and other main surveillance programs. With no deal reached in time, the NSA stopped collecting American phone records at 3:59 p.m. EST Sunday, officials said.Other authorities that expired allowed the FBI to collect business records in terrorism and espionage investigations, and to more easily eavesdrop on a suspect who is discarding cell phones to avoid surveillance.",0
17298,THERE IS ONLY ONE THING CONSERVATIVES WANT TO HEAR THIS GUY SAY TODAY…," I m leaving the GOP and running as a Democrat!Unfortunately, it doesn t look like that s what we re going to hear from our amnesty loving RINO (Republican In Name Only) friend.Reporting from Washington Sen. Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina defense hawk, plans to enter the crowded Republican presidential primary field Monday with a campaign that probably won t deliver him to the White House, but will highlight the party s divide over national security.Graham lacks the big-money backing and name recognition that s likely to be needed to pull away from the party s increasingly unwieldy field.But for him, that may not matter.For the last several years, Graham, a former Air Force colonel and legal officer, has played a central role in a sometimes-bitter battle between the GOP s traditional defense advocates and newly emergent isolationist-leaning libertarians led by Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who is also seeking the party s presidential nomination. The South Carolina senator did not originate the  wacko birds  label for Paul and his allies   that was coined by Graham s best friend in Congress, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.)   but he might as well have.Last week Graham was caught on camera rolling his eyes as Paul objected to Senate efforts to continue the National Security Agency s once-secret collection of records of Americans  telephone calls.Paul returned the favor by releasing a video denouncing the NSA program. It ridiculed both Graham and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas for their support of NSA surveillance, depicting Graham as trying to read Americans  emails while sitting in a 1997-era car.In an interview during the heat of the Senate debate, Paul also accused Graham, McCain and other Republicans who support arming insurgents in Syria of having contributed to the rise of Islamic State, also referred to as ISIS. ISIS exists and grew stronger because of the hawks in our party, who gave arms indiscriminately, and most of those arms were snatched up by ISIS,  he said.Graham said in an email to supporters that his  presidential announcement will be one of the biggest and most memorable moments of my life. As he approaches the military s mandatory retirement age and eyes the White House, Graham said last week he was retiring from the Air Force after nearly 30 years. He had continued to serve as a reserve officer, at times using his skills as a military lawyer to handle legal affairs in Iraq during breaks from the Senate.A Southern Baptist and conservative on social issues, Graham, who never married, is known as a deal-maker in Congress. In 2013, he led efforts with Democrats to reform immigration laws to allow a path to citizenship for those living illegally in the U.S.Graham, 59, was born in Seneca, S.C., and lived with his family behind their liquor store, restaurant and pool hall on Main Street in Central, S.C., where he plans to announce his campaign.His personal story has helped shape his policymaking. After his parents  death, he helped raise his younger sister and has championed the Social Security survivors  benefits they relied upon as young people.But it is his military service and alliance with McCain that have come to define much of Graham s work in Washington as the two tried to defend hawkish foreign and defense policies against attack from some in the party s new generation. Now, he ll try to bolster those policies on the presidential campaign trail.Via: Virginia Gazette",0
17299,JOHN KERRY BREAKS LEG IN BIKE CRASH IN FRENCH ALPS… [Video],"Fortunately, our useless Secretary of State John Kerry was able to make France a part of his taxpayer funded four-nation trip where he had hoped to ride along a small part of the Tour de France according to the Washington Post. Unfortunately, he was unable to take part in the Tour de France or um Iran s nuclear negotiations due to his accident. Our nation is likely better off without John Kerry at the negotiating table with Iran s prime minister anyhow US Secretary of State John Kerry broke his leg in a bike crash Sunday, apparently after hitting a curb while taking a break after talks in Geneva, Switzerland.The diplomat was biking near Scionzier, France before the accident, which caused him to scrap the rest of a four-nation trip that included an international conference on combating the Islamic State group.Kerry, 71, was in stable condition and in good spirits as he prepared to return to Boston for further treatment with the doctor who previously operated on his hip, US State Department spokesman John Kirby said.He said X-rays at a Swiss hospital confirmed that Kerry fractured his right femur in the 9.40am incident. The secretary is stable and never lost consciousness, his injury is not life-threatening and he is expected to make a full recovery,  Kirby said in a statement.Kerry was taken by helicopter to Geneva s main medical center, HUG, after apparently hitting a curb with his bike in the French town about 40 kilometers southeast of the Swiss border.Paramedics and a physician were on the scene with his motorcade at the time and provided him immediate attention. They quickly decided to order the 10-minute-long helicopter transport.Kerry s cycling rides have become a regular occurrence on his trips. He often takes his bike with him on the plane and was riding that bicycle Sunday. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17300,JOE BIDEN’S SON BEAU DIES AT AGE 46,"Beau Biden   son of Vice President Joe Biden   died of brain cancer at 46, the White House confirmed in a statement Saturday. It is with broken hearts that Hallie, Hunter, Ashley, Jill and I announce the passing of our husband, brother and son, Beau, after he battled brain cancer with the same integrity, courage and strength he demonstrated every day of his life,  the statement from Vice President Biden s office said. The entire Biden family is saddened beyond words. We know that Beau s spirit will live on in all of us-especially through his brave wife, Hallie, and two remarkable children, Natalie and Hunter,  the statement said.President Obama said he and the first lady were grieving alongside the Biden family. Michelle and I humbly pray for the good Lord to watch over Beau Biden, and to protect and comfort his family here on Earth,  Obama said in a statement released late Saturday.Beau Biden was a lawyer and member of the Delaware National Guard and former Delaware attorney general. However, he never would follow in his father s footsteps as a U.S. senator.Biden, although planning to run for governor of Delaware in 2016, was plagued with health troubles throughout his political career.In 2010, Biden suffered a mild stroke at only 41 years old. Three years later, he found himself in a Texas hospital for cancer treatment.In August 2013, he would undergo surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center at the University of Texas in Houston to remove a lesion. That was followed by radiation treatment and chemotherapy. Three months after the procedure, doctors gave him a clean bill of health.However, Biden suffered a recurrence and was admitted to Walter Reed Hospital in May, officials said. At that time though, it was unaware why he was being treated.Support for the Biden family poured in from both sides of the aisle Saturday night into Sunday morning.Democratic presidential contenders Hillary Clinton and Martin O Malley both expressed their sympathies to the Bidens. My heart is broken for the family of Beau Biden   a wonderful man who served his country with devotion and lived his life with courage,  Hillary tweeted. Katie and I are deeply saddened by the news of the passing of Beau Biden. He served his country and the people of Delaware with great honor,  O Malley said in a statement.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the entire Biden family in this moment of great loss. Senator James Langford (R-OK) also released a statement expressing his remorse. I m incredibly saddened to hear of the death of Vice President Joe Biden s son, Beau Biden,  the statement said.  Our entire nation mourns with the Biden family and the White House during this difficult time. Vice President Biden has endured incredible tragedies during his lifetime. Cindy and I pray for the Biden family, Beau s widow, Natalie, and their two children. The news of Beau Biden s death also caught the Delaware political establishment off guard and also renewed questions about his health. Beau Biden kept a low profile and declined any interviews abou his health. I think he would have run. I think he would have won,  said Delaware Gov. Jack Markell, a fellow Democrat. Markell said he last spoke to Biden in February, when he invited him to a meeting of Democratic governors in Washington, D.C. He was serious  about running for governor, added New Castle County Executive Tom Gordon, a longtime friend and political ally of Joe Biden who described Beau Biden as the most popular politician in Delaware.  He thought he was going to win this battle. Gordon said he last spoke to Beau several weeks ago, when Biden participated in a conference call on crime issues in Wilmington. He was a rock star,  Gordon said.  He had a great image, great character. Beau Biden left office earlier this year and joined a Delaware law firm run by Stuart Grant, a prominent Democratic campaign donor and plaintiffs lawyer specializing in corporate litigation. The first announced in late April that Biden was expanding his work on behalf of whistleblower clients, but was not available to clients.Biden, a University of Pennsylvania graduate, earned a law degree from Syracuse University in 1994. He served as a law clerk for a federal judge in New Hampshire before working for the U.S. Department of Justice from 1995 until 2002, including five years as a federal prosecutor in Philadelphia. In 2001, he volunteered for an interim assignment helping to train judges and prosecutors in postwar Kosovo.With his father, then Delaware s senior U.S. senator, at his side in 2006, Biden launched his campaign for attorney general. He promised to reorganize the state Department of Justice to better combat identity theft, Internet stalking by pedophiles, street crime and abuse of the elderly.Biden won with 52.6 percent of the vote. He s supped at this table since he s been 3 years old,  a beaming Joe Biden said after the victory. Beau Biden was a toddler when his father was first elected to the Senate. I m just proud of him,  the elder Biden added.  I think he will make the state proud. The young Biden sidestepped questions about his own political ambitions during the campaign. Sometimes, it s not good to look too far down the road,  said Biden, who remained similarly cautious about discussing his long-range plans in an interview with The Associated Press after suffering the stroke in 2010. Having long-term dreams is a good thing   but having a plan has never worked for me, because life always intervenes,  Biden told the AP at the time. For Biden, his initial health scare was also a reminder to balance his job with family time   advice he encouraged others to follow. It s kind of reinforced how I ve operated my life,  he said.As attorney general, Biden established a child predator unit, joined other attorneys general in taking on mortgage lenders over foreclosure abuses, proposed tougher bail restrictions for criminal defendants, putting him at odds with some fellow Dems.But a spate of shootings in Biden s hometown of Wilmington went largely unabated during his tenure, and his office stumbled in some high-profile murder prosecutions, including two cases in which murder charges were dropped. Biden also faced scrutiny over how his office handled the case of Earl Bradley, a pediatrician who sexually assaulted scores of young patients over more than a decade before being arrested in December 2009.Biden cited his focus on the Bradley case in announcing in January 2010 that he would not run for the Senate seat that his father vacated in 2008 when he was elected vice president.The younger Biden s decision stunned political observers, including many fellow Democrats who thought Joe Biden s former chief of staff, Ted Kaufman, had been appointed to the Senate on an interim basis to keep the seat warm for the son. A fellow Democrat, New Castle County Executive Chris Coons, won the seat after Castle, who had been considered the odds-on favorite, was upset by tea party-backed Christine O Donnell in the GOP primary. I have no regrets,  Biden said after O Donnell s stunning primary victory scrambled the political calculus surrounding the Senate seat.Biden coasted to re-election as attorney general in 2010 after Republicans declined to field a candidate against him.In addition to his work as a lawyer and attorney general, Biden was a major in an Army National Guard unit that deployed to Iraq in 2008.He was married and the father of two children.Markell ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in Delaware in honor of Biden.Via: FOX News",0
17301,AFGHAN INTERPRETER FOR US MURDERED BY TALIBAN WHILE WAITING 4 YRS FOR PROMISED VISA [Video]," I was always loyal to U.S.A and never betray its mission.  This sad story reminds us of the Pakistani doctor whose intel he shared with the US lead them to discovery of Osama Bin Laden s hideout. He wasn t much of a priority for the Obama regime either, as they left him to be abducted, tortured and imprisoned for his troubles. With friends like the Obama regime who needs enemies? An Afghan interpreter for the United States military who had been waiting for over four years on the U.S. visa list was tortured and killed by insurgents earlier this year, raising concerns that other translators could meet a similar fate as American forces withdraw from Afghanistan.Sakhidad Afghan worked as a translator for the U.S. Marines and Air Force since around 2008. Four years ago, he applied for a U.S. visa under a program for at-risk military translators. He was still on the waiting list when the Taliban reportedly kidnapped him from a bazaar this spring and executed him in the back of a trailer truck.According to Arif Rahmani, a member of the Afghanistan Parliament who spoke with Afghan s family and the ANA brigade in Farah, the Taliban had been tracking Afghan because of his work with the U.S. military. According to [the ANA s] information, the Taliban captured Sakhidad from a bazaar in Farah,  Rahmani wrote in a post [Warning: post contains graphic images] on his Facebook page.  From a trailer truck they tortured for awhile, then killed him. He introduced himself as Abdul Hamid, but that couldn t save his life. Afghan was between jobs after his base in Helmand closed in late 2014. In January he set off for Herat, a city in western Afghanistan, his brother told Rahmani. The Afghan National Army recovered his body in the beginning of March in the Farah river region, between Helmand and Herat, according to Rahmani.News of the murder swept through the Afghan interpreter community, where many are increasingly concerned about retribution attacks from the Taliban. Taliban killed Afghan by chasing him. I am sure they are tracking me too and they will kill me also one day,  said a translator who worked with Afghan and has also been waiting for a U.S. visa since 2011. His name is being withheld.Advocacy groups said the U.S. government often lets interpreter visa applications idle for years without telling applicants why.The State Department and other agencies recently instituted reforms to the Special Immigrant Visa process, and the number of visa applications approved in 2014 was significantly higher than prior years. However, the Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project, a group that advocates for Afghan and Iraqi linguists, said Afghan s death shows the risk translators face when their applications stall. This horrifying incident is unfortunately just one example of how each passing day is another mortal threat to our Iraqi and Afghan allies,  said Katherine Reisner, national policy director at IRAP. It shows our veterans  dedication to their allies overseas, and how much hope they place in the SIV program,  she added.  We fail our veterans when the SIV program fails. And it is a call to action for the Departments of State and Homeland Security to act justly and expeditiously on all SIV applications. The State Department declined to comment, saying it could not discuss details of individual cases.Afghan was Hazara, a Persian-speaking ethnic minority that has been targeted in a string of recent attacks.In late February, extremists kidnapped 31 men, mainly Hazara, from a bus returning from Iran. Some of the hostages were reportedly released in a prisoner swap earlier this month. Last month, the Taliban reportedly beheaded four Hazara in the Ghazni Province.Afghan did not have a birth certificate, but friends said he was around 26 years old. When he worked on a base in Marjah in 2010, he told some of the Americans he worked with that he wanted to become a Marine. They encouraged him to start lifting weights, which he began doing regularly.Washington Free Beacon managing editor Aaron MacLean, a former Marine officer who led a platoon in Marjah in 2010, worked with Afghan when the interpreter was assigned to his rifle company. I just remember him being a good young man who did his job well, was as brave as any Marine, and came under fire as much as any Marine in Marjah,  said MacLean.Afghan went on to work with the Air Force, but would still wear old Marine uniform pieces he saved from his previous assignment. He became a devoted runner, and entered the Marine Corps Marathon at Camp Leatherneck in 2011, finishing the race in just under 4 hours and 50 minutes.He also kept in touch with American service members he worked with after they returned to the U.S. I am deeply afraid of the current situation,  Afghan emailed to one U.S. military friend on July 9, 2014.  If I go to the U.S.A I think I will be safe. Right now it looks like, the disaster is coming in the country. I was always loyal to U.S.A and never betray its mission,  he added.  I am absolutely sure that I have deserved an approved visa for United States. Even as years passed without receiving an answer on his visa, Afghan held onto hope. Every rock strikes the feet of disabled goat. The poor gets poor, and the rich gets rich,  he wrote the friend on July 10, 2014.  But I can see my future is bright. Via: WFB",0
17302,BREAKING: 4 AMERICAN HOSTAGES TAKEN BY IRAN-BACKED HOUTHIS IN YEMEN,"These 4 hostages must certainly feel a sense of comfort knowing that our strong Commander In Chief would never desert an Ameri never mind It was reported weeks ago that the American government has abandoned citizens in Yemen, forcing them fend for themselves. Now we re facing the prospect of Iranian allies holding our countrymen hostage.It really is amazing how many parallels Obama shares with Jimmy Carter. Here s a pretty awful one:The rebel group that has seized power in Yemen has taken at least four U.S. citizens prisoner, according to U.S. officials who said that efforts to secure the Americans  release have faltered.One of the prisoners had been cleared for release in recent days only to have that decision reversed by members of the Houthi rebellion that toppled the U.S.-backed government earlier this year and now controls most levers of power in Yemen.The Americans are believed to be held at a prison in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, which has been bombed repeatedly as part of an air campaign led by Saudi Arabia aimed at dislodging the Houthis from power. The United States has provided intelligence support to that operation.The detention of the Americans has complicated U.S. efforts to navigate the chaotic aftermath of the Houthi takeover, which displaced a government that had cooperated extensively with the United States on drone strikes and other counterterrorism operations against a dangerous al-Qaeda affiliate in the country.U.S. officials said three of the prisoners worked in private-sector jobs and that a fourth, whose occupation is unknown, has dual U.S.-Yemeni citizenship. The officials said none of the four were employees of the U.S. government.Via: SooperMexican ",0
17303,(VIDEO) REMEMBER THE “OBAMAPHONE”? GET READY TO PAY FOR OBAMANET,"This is just more government waste and expansion with your tax dollars. The Lifeline program is a tax on your phone bill to subsidize the free phones that have come to be known as  OBAMAPHONES    YOU pay for these and I can safely say you re being robbed. This program was started before Obama but Obama grabbed it and used it so it s no secret that it has exploded while he s been in office. Now we re proposing free internet?! Nothing is free and someone has to pay for this that someone is YOU!Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Tom Wheeler announced on Thursday that he intends to expand Lifeline, popularly known as the  Obama Phone  program, to the Internet. I am circulating new proposals to  reboot  Lifeline for the Internet age,  Wheeler wrote in a blog post on the FCC s Website. He said the reboot would include  establishing minimum standards of service for voice and broadband,  in addition to subsidies for low-income consumers.Lifeline is a government benefit program that provides a monthly subsidy of $9.95 on telephone service for those at or below 135 percent of the poverty line so they can connect to the nation s communications networks, find jobs, access health care services, connect with family and their children s schools, and call for help in an emergency.The money comes out of the Universal Service Fund (USF), which is funded through fees paid by consumers on telephone service. The fee is generally itemized on customers  monthly telephone bills and is currently assessed at a rate of 16.1 percent of the bill.The size of the Lifeline program has doubled since 2008, increasing from $819 million to $1.6 billion in 2014. It reached a high of $2.19 billion in 2012 amid allegations of fraud and abuse.The USF, meanwhile, has increased from $7.2 billion in 2008 to $10.34 billion in 2014, with Chairman Wheeler s staff estimating a level of $12.1 billion in 2016. However, that estimate does not account for prospective Internet subsidies.In his post, Wheeler said,  30 percent of Americans still haven t adopted broadband at home . While more than 95 percent of households with incomes over $150,000 have broadband, only 48 percent of those making less than $25,000 have service at home. According to Census Bureau data released in September, 74 percent of Americans already have access to the Internet at home. Accounting for those who can access it at work, school, or public libraries, Pew Research found that just 15 percent of Americans reported not using the Internet at all.Of the 15 percent who do not use the Internet, one-third said they had no desire to do so.  They are not interested, don t want to use it or don t need it,  Pew reported in 2013. Overall, just 3 percent of Americans reported that they did not use the Internet due to financial reasons.The Lifeline expansion was made possible largely through the FCC s Open Internet Order, which reclassified Internet service as a utility and allows the FCC to impose the USF fee on Internet service if it chooses to do so.The role of government in the Internet has already been likened to the  Obama Phone  program, with Rep. Marsha Blackburn saying in a statement,  The age of ObamaNet is upon us. The FCC is now seeking comment on how to modernize Lifeline  while further combatting waste and better targeting the program to those who need it most. The FCC will vote on Wheeler s proposal on June 18.Via: cnsnews",0
17304,BILLION DOLLAR BUNGLE! U.S. FOREIGN EMBASSY CONSTRUCTION IN MEXICO EXPLODES,"A billion here, a billion there These spendthrifts in big government are forgetting where this money comes from. The hard working taxpayers should not be footing the bill for this monstrosity.",0
17305,SOLYNDRA ON WHEELS: THOUSANDS OF CHEVY VOLTS SIT UNSOLD,"Does anyone remember the $9,000 rebate offered to anyone buying a Volt? Yep, your tax dollars at work pushing a failed model to market instead of depending on demand. The GM bankruptcy was the biggest scam and cluster that flipped the rule of law due to Obama s desire to save the Unions over just about anyone else in the company. I could go on but the following article is yet another perfect example of Obama s effort to place ideology over the free market Under capitalism, companies produce the products that people want. Under corporatism (formerly known as  fascism,  before that word was redefined to mean  anything liberals don t like ), companies produce the products they are arm-twisted into producing by ideologically driven government thugs. The latter is less economically efficient, as the Regime of Hope & Change keeps proving:Production of the second-generation Chevrolet Volt is set to commence this summer, with the first cars going to customers sometime in the fourth quarter of this year. But before Chevrolet can concentrate on selling the all-new version of the plug-in hybrid EV, it needs to find a way to move the overstock of first-gen models currently sitting on dealer lots.According to The Detroit Free Press, Chevy dealers had about 6,000 2015 Volts on their lots at the end of April, more than twice the amount of Volts the automaker sold in the first four months of 2015.All this unsold inventory probably means that the amount Government Motors loses on each Volt produced will climb even higher   and it has already been high:In 2012, Reuters reported that GM was losing about $50,000 on each Volt it produced. Experts estimated then the Volt cost about $90,000 each to produce.Don t worry, if GM lurches back toward bankruptcy due to this lunacy, the Feds will bail it out again. You won t have to pay for it. Obama thoughtfully charges his mountains of waste to the national debt.Your grandchildren will pick up the tab.Via: moonbattery",0
17306,LAWLESS: OBAMA WON’T TAKE EXECUTIVE AMNESTY TO SUPREME COURT,"Why should Barack Obama bother with the courts? He s always been above the law. He s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. He s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels, dangerous gangs, pedophiles, members of terror groups and rapists crossing our open borders. He doesn t need a law to ensure that in exchange for votes for the Democrat party, American taxpayers will reward illegal aliens with the right to free education, free food, free health care and subsidized housing. Who needs the law when you re  America s First Black President. The Obama administration revealed today that it will not take the fight over executive immigration amnesty to the Supreme Court, essentially admitting defeat in its fight to lift a court-ordered stay placed by a Texas judge.Obama s executive actions still have to be settled in court, but yesterday s decision prevented the administration from moving forward in its efforts to sign up illegal immigrants for the amnesty programs. The department believes the best way to achieve this goal is to focus on the ongoing appeal on the merits of the preliminary injunction itself,  said Patrick Rodenbush, a spokesman for the Justice Department to the New York Times.  Although the department continues to disagree with the Fifth Circuit s refusal to stay the district court s preliminary injunction, the department has determined that it will not seek a stay from the Supreme Court. The arguments for the legal battle begin next month before the Fifth Circuit court, but the results of yesterday s decision mean the final will likely be pushed into 2016. There s an important hearing scheduled for July 6 at which the Department of Justice is preparing its arguments on the legal merits of the executive actions that the president announced last fall,  White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One.  The Department of Justice remains focused on that argument and that hearing proceeding on an expedited basis. Obama is traveling to Miami today for a series of fundraisers for the Democratic National Committee.Via: Breitbart News",0
17307,SENATOR WANTS ANSWERS ON MISSING TSA BADGES AFTER TSA TRIES TO BLOCK INVESTIGATION,"This is a big deal and should be investigated. How did the TSA badges go missing? Senator Thune is right in pushing on this but who knows if they even have an answer for him Senator John Thune fired off a blistering letter to TSA officials demanding answers regarding missing, lost or stolen SIDA (Secured Identification Display Area) badges that can be used by employees to gain access to secure areas at airports. Clearly there are an awful lot of things falling through the cracks and there s just no room for an error when it comes to this issue. We need answers. They re not providing them. Thune, who chairs the Transportation Committee, said previous answers from the agency had actually raised more questions than answers. The concern follows reports that more than 270 badges went missing at the San Diego International Airport in the last two years and more than 1,400 badges missing from Atlanta s Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.Many of the missing badges were not reported for weeks or months in hopes they would be turned it   meaning they were not quickly deactivated. The information comes following an investigation by a an NBC affiliate in Dallas, TX. They also found reports of missing crew and pilot uniforms.When Atlanta reported the information to the TSA they said they never should have given out the information in the first place, but we ask, doesn t the public have a right to know?Read more: FOX News",0
17308,BREAKING: ANTHRAX SHIPPED FROM UTAH ACROSS THE U.S. BY MISTAKE,"This is not supposed to be a danger to the general population  but raises lots of questions about security when dealing with anthrax. The Pentagon revealed Wednesday that  live anthrax  was shipped, apparently by accident, from a lab in Utah to as many as nine states.Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren assured  there is no known risk to the general public  and said an investigation is under way. But precautions are being taken for potentially exposed workers in labs where the samples were sent. A U.S. official told Fox News that four people in three companies are being treated for  post-exposure  and being prescribed prophylaxis.All samples are in the process of being collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.The material in question was prepared at Dugway Proving Ground, Utah, as part of what was described as a  routine  research process. It was then sent out to Defense Department and commercial labs in nine states   the shipments were supposed to include only inactive, or dead, anthrax when they were transferred. These were supposed to be dead spores anthrax, called AG-1,  a defense official said.But a private lab in Maryland, on May 22, informed the CDC that they thought the samples contained live anthrax. The CDC then informed the Defense Department. According to the Associated Press, the government has confirmed the Maryland lab got live spores, and it is suspected the others did as well, though not yet confirmed.Fox News also was told that one sample was sent to a South Korean base. The Department of Defense is collaborating with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in their investigation of the inadvertent transfer of samples containing live Bacillus anthracis, also known as anthrax, from a DoD lab in Dugway Utah, to labs in nine states,  Warren said in a statement. There is no known risk to the general public, and there are no suspected or confirmed cases of anthrax infection in potentially exposed lab workers,  he added.  The DoD lab was working as part of a DoD effort to develop a field-based test to identify biological threats in the environment. ",0
17309,"(VIDEO) WATER WARS: OBAMA’S EPA POWER GRAB TO REGULATE PUDDLES, PONDS, AND JUST ABOUT ANYTHING THAT’S WET","The EPA had already started expanding powers over private property via the Clean Water Act when last year we covered a case of the EPA fining a family a crazy amount per day:EPA TARGETS COUPLE S PRIVATE POND:NOW THE EPA HAS EXPANDED ITS POWERS TO JUST ABOUT EVERY POSSIBLE THING THAT HAS TO DO WITH WATER:The EPA has released its Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule critics say would allow the agency to regulate waterways previously not under federal jurisdiction, including puddles, ditches and isolated wetlands.Republicans, farmers and industrial groups have called the rule an EPA  power grab  because it extends the agency s powers to new heights. Environmentalists and the Obama administration, however, argue the WOTUS rule is necessary for protecting water quality.No matter how you spin it, the EPA s WOTUS rule does expand the agency s authority, and creates new avenues for environmental groups to sue projects they want to stop from moving forward. The administration s decree to unilaterally expand federal authority is a raw and tyrannical power grab that will crush jobs,  House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement. Despite their assurances, it appears that EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers have failed to keep their promises to Congress and the American people,  echoed Oklahoma Sen. Jim Inhofe.  In fact, instead of fixing the overreach in the proposed rule, remarkably, EPA has made it even broader. Farmers and industry groups worry the new WOTUS rule will expand EPA reach over isolated wetlands, ponds and ditches that have a  significant nexus  to navigable waters   a vague standard employed by the EPA to regulate bodies of water.read more: Daily Caller",0
17310,NANNY STATE GOVERNMENT S’MORES: NO CHOCOLATE AND NO MARSHMALLOW,"WHAT THE HECK DO YOU EVEN CALL THIS?The U.S. Department of Agriculture s  MyPlate  service handed out advice on Sunday, and said strawberry s mores are a treat that  kids will love. But expectations for the kids might need to be set in advance, since these s mores don t have any chocolate or marshmallows in them.Instead, USDA encourages people to plop some low-fat vanilla yogurt on a graham cracker, and then top the yogurt with strawberries. Top it off with another graham cracker, and you have a s more that looks a lot like a regular s more, except when you bite into it, you won t get any ooey-gooey chocolate all over your fingers. Kids will love that they can make it themselves, and parents will love that it s an inexpensive and healthy treat!  USDA said on its recipe page.Via: Washington Examiner",0
17311,REPORT: USDA GIVES $6.9 BILLION TO “INELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS” AKA NON-CITIZENS,"Your tax dollars up in smoke thanks to the USDA. The two culprits are food stamps and the school lunch program. We cannot afford to feed the entire world or the millions of illegals crossing our border. The U.S. spent a record $80.4 billion on giving free groceries to Americans but also to non-citizens. The bloated federal agency charged with feeding the poor and eradiating  food insecurity  in the U.S. blew nearly $7 billion to provide  ineligible recipients  with the welfare benefit and there appears to be no end in sight to the fleecing.In fact, the agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), has for years violated a measure known as the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act (IPERA) that requires agencies to conduct annual risk assessments to identify programs that make  significant improper payments  of $10 million or more. Not only has the USDA violated IPERA in the last four years, it also refuses to implement a more efficient verification process before doling out benefits by asserting that it would  create barriers for families that need help. Last year the USDA made an astounding $6.9 billion of  improper payments,  according to a scathing report made public this week by the agency s inspector general. Two programs accounted for a chunk of the money that was wasted; food stamps, officially known as Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) to eliminate the stigma of welfare and the National School Lunch Program (NSLP) which cost American taxpayers a whopping $16 billion in 2014. Of the $6.9 billion in fraudulent payments made by the USDA, those two programs accounted for $4.2 billion. Thus, they have been coined  high-risk programs,  according to the USDA watchdog.The overwhelming majority of improper payments go to provide ineligible recipients with goods or services, the report confirms. This is par for the course at the USDA and the agency seems to have no intention of cleaning up its rolls. In fact, the agency goes out of its way to cover up wrongdoing in four of its most fraud-infested programs.  USDA is noncompliant with the improper payment requirements for a fourth consecutive year,  the report says. Not coincidentally, a separate probe conducted by the investigative arm of Congress, also found that the USDA needs to improve its verification process for program access. That report, also made public this week, focuses only on the National School Lunch Program, which is notorious for wasting millions of taxpayer dollars.Also this week, Congress held a special hearing to address waste, fraud and abuse in child nutrition programs operated by the USDA. At the hearing, held by the House Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary and Secondary Education, witnesses identified misused taxpayer dollars in three of the nation s largest child nutrition programs, which include school lunch and breakfast. The Forensic Audits and Investigative Service director at the Government Accountability Office (GAO) testified that both programs have been designated as  high-error  by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). In fact, nearly half of the households that received benefits were not eligible because their income exceeded eligibility guidelines, according to the director Jessica Lucas-Judy.Judicial Watch has reported extensively on the pervasive fraud and corruption in the government s various food assistance programs, especially food stamps, which has grown immensely under President Obama. Last year JW reported that the government spent a mind-boggling $80.4 billion to give a record number of people many who didn t even qualify for the welfare benefit free groceries. A few years ago JW uncovered documents that show illegal immigrants also receive food stamps from Uncle Sam under an outrageous initiative with the Mexican government to promote participation by undocumented aliens.Via: Judicial Watch",0
17312,"BREAKING: THIEVES STEAL IRS INFO FROM 100,000 TAXPAYERS","This is a wake up call. Even though this isn t the main computer system, there are 100,000 people out there who re at risk now.Thieves used an online service provided by the IRS to gain access to information from more than 100,000 taxpayers, the agency said Tuesday.The information included tax returns and other tax information on file with the IRS.The IRS said the thieves accessed a system called  Get Transcript.  In order to access the information, the thieves cleared a security screen that required knowledge about the taxpayer, including Social Security number, date of birth, tax filing status and street address. The IRS notes this issue does not involve its main computer system that handles tax filing submission; that system remains secure,  the agency said in a statement.The IRS said thieves targeted the system from February to mid-May. The service has been temporarily shut down. In all, about 200,000 attempts were made from questionable email domains, with more than 100,000 of those attempts successfully clearing authentication hurdles,  the agency said.  During this filing season, taxpayers successfully and safely downloaded a total of approximately 23 million transcripts. Tax returns can include a host of personal information that can help someone steal an identity, including Social Security numbers and birthdates of dependents and spouses. However, the IRS said the thieves appeared to already have a lot of personal information about the victims.Via: ABC",0
17313,PAMELA GELLAR GROUP PLANS TO RUN MUHAMMED CARTOON ADS ON DC BUSES [Video]," Drawing Muhammad is not illegal under American law, but only under Islamic law. Violence that arises over the cartoons is solely the responsibility of the Islamic jihadists who perpetrate it. Because freedom of speech is under violent assault, the human rights advocacy group the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) has announced a new ad campaign to defend freedom of speech and stand up to violent intimidation kicking off in the nation s capital.I said in a statement:  Because the media and the cultural and political elites continue to self-enforce the Sharia without the consent of the American people by refusing to show any depictions of Muhammad or showing what it was in Texas that had jihadists opening fire, we are running an ad featuring the winning cartoon by former Muslim Bosch Fawstin from our Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest in Garland, Texas. Let the American people see what the cowardly press is censoring in accordance with the blasphemy laws under the sharia (Islamic law).The ad campaign has been submitted to the Washington, D.C. MTA to run on buses and train dioramas in the Foggy Bottom, Capitol South, Bethesda, L Enfant Plaza, and Shady Grove stations. Drawing Muhammad is not illegal under American law, but only under Islamic law. Violence that arises over the cartoons is solely the responsibility of the Islamic jihadists who perpetrate it. Either America will stand now against attempts to suppress the freedom of speech by violence, or will submit and give the violent the signal that we can be silenced by threats and murder. We cannot submit to the assassin s veto. It was the jihadis, not I, who made the cartoons a flash point. If we surrender on that point and stop drawing Muhammad, we ve established a precedent of surrendering to violent Sharia enforcement, and once established, we will be made to reinforce it again and again. Islamist government is a unique threat to free speech and libertyFreedom of speech is the foundation of a free society. Without it, a tyrant can wreak havoc unopposed, while his opponents are silenced.Putting up with being offended is essential in a pluralistic society in which people differ on basic truths. If a group will not bear being offended without resorting to violence, that group will rule unopposed while everyone else lives in fear, while other groups curtail their activities to appease the violent group. This results in the violent group being able to tyrannize the others.I added:  There is nothing about this cartoon that incites violence. It is within the established American tradition of satire. If America surrenders on this point, the freedom of speech is a relic of history. AFDI Vice President Robert Spencer stated:  Many people on both the Left and the Right are saying that we should do nothing to provoke Islamic fundamentalism. The immediate answer would seem to be that we should do nothing to provoke violent jihadis, that the prudent thing to do would be to avoid doing things that anger them. But if we did that, they would not they stop coming at us. Last September, an Islamic State spokesman boasted:  We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market. In light of that, what is the point of asking whether or not we should provoke them? They re already provoked,  he continued.  A more useful question now is whether it is really productive and helpful to signal to them that we will acquiesce to their threats of violence and change our behavior accordingly, or whether we will instead signal to them that their violent threats are not going to frighten us into submission. The ads have been submitted to run on buses in Washington, D.C.AFDI stands for:The freedom of speech   as opposed to Islamic prohibitions of  blasphemy  and  slander,  which are used effectively to quash honest discussion of jihad and Islamic supremacism; The freedom of conscience   as opposed to the Islamic death penalty for apostasy; The equality of rights of all people before the law   as opposed to Sharia s institutionalized discrimination against women and non-Muslims. Via: Breitbart News",0
17314,FLORIDA CROWD ATTACKS POLICE OFFICER ATTEMPTING TO MAKE ARREST,"A citizenry with no respect for the law or our law enforcement officers is the result of a lawless President who encourages this kind of behavior by making the criminal out to be the victim Police in Melbourne said one of their officers was attacked by a crowd as he tried to make an arrest Saturday.The officer approached Phoenix Low, 22, about an ordinance violation on New Haven Avenue, and Low became combative, police said.The officer tried to arrest Low, at which point he resisted and attempted to run, according to police.Police said as the officer tried to place Low in handcuffs,  a crowd surrounded the officer and began to interfere with attempts to arrest Low by yelling, striking and pulling at the officer and the prisoner. The officer used  less-lethal force  on the crowd.Low was able to break free and run away before being captured again, police said.Low was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer, resisting with violence, resisting without violence and open container of alcohol.According to police, this is the second time that a crowd has tried to interfere with an arrest in the past two weeks.Via: wesh.com",0
17315,WHY DID THE STATE DEPARTMENT REDACT THIS ONE CLINTON SENTENCE?,"The State Department redacted one sentence just one. Cleaning up for our former Secretary of State is something the State Department has gotten really good at: FYI. The idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. That s it the one sentence that tells us so much. Rand Paul was on to the answer. Clinton slithered out of it .Among the emails released by the State Department today was one sent by Hillary Clinton to Jake Sullivan on April 8, 2011. Clinton was forwarding a private intelligence report that Sidney Blumenthal had sent her with the subject line:  UK game playing; new rebel strategists; Egypt moves in. In the State Department release today, Clinton responds with  FYI  and a sentence that is redacted.But the New York Times posted its versions of the emails earlier this week and the sentence is not redacted. In the Times s version the redacted sentence reads:  FYI. The idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. The redaction in the State Department version is labeled a  B5  Freedom of Information Act exception, which provides for a  deliberative privilege  in keeping the information from the public.The obvious question: Why did the State Department redact that sentence?Via: The Weekly Standard",0
17316,VETERANS CAN’T GET HEALTH CARE…But These MN Somali Muslims Got US Taxpayer Dollars For College…Used It For Jihad,"Our State Department brought in over 1 million 1 LEGAL immigrants entered the US in the last 20 years as a result of the Refugee Admissions program that was brainchild of Senator Ted Kennedy and was signed into law by President George H.W. Bush in 1990. Its primary purpose was to increase diversity in America. Has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?Clockwise, Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19, Guled Omar, 20, Zacharia Yusuf Adurahman, 19, and Adnan Abdihamid Farah, 19. They are four of six Minnesota Muslims that have been charged with traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State.Using college loans. Out. of control. Obama s jihad immigration policies now have us funding our own demise. Where is the oversight? Where is the outrage?Described as good students, hard workers, all had plenty of connections to community. Some of the young men got a head start on racking up college credits in high school. Some juggled college and jobs that helped them chip in for family budgets. Some worshiped NBA stars and caught college-night games at Target Center. Hmmmm, what went wrong?Sherburne County Sheriff s Office, via Associated Press Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19.Two Twin Cities men charged with conspiracy to fight alongside terrorists now face financial fraud charges for allegedly using their college loans to purchase airline tickets to fly to the Middle East.In a superseding indictment unsealed Tuesday by the U.S. attorney s office in Minnesota, Hamza Ahmed and Hanad Mustafe Musse were charged with using more than $1,000 of financial aid provided to them.Ahmed, 20, of Savage, and Musse, 19, of Minneapolis, are among seven young Somali-Americans from Minnesota who face charges of planning to leave the United States and fight alongside Islamic extremist groups. Six of them were charged in April.During the past two years, more than 20 Somali-Americans from Minnesota have left to fight alongside terrorists with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL, according to the FBI.The new indictment says that Ahmed and Musse bought airline tickets on Nov. 8, 2014, from New York s John F. Kennedy Airport to Europe, using more than $1,000 in federal college financial aid. Ahmed used his aid money to purchase a flight to Istanbul, Turkey, authorities say. Musse used similar funds to buy a ticket to travel to Greece. From those two destinations, authorities say the pair then planned on heading to Syria. Ahmed had actually boarded his flight when he was ordered off the plane by officers from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection.In a related matter, Abdirahman Daud, 21, another alleged conspirator, made his first appearance in federal court in Minneapolis on Tuesday morning before U.S. Chief District Judge Michael Davis. Daud was arrested by the FBI in San Diego in late April, along with alleged conspirator Mohamed Farah, after they drove from Minneapolis to California. They were accompanied on the trip by a confidential informant who was working for the FBI.Daud and Farah allegedly planned to acquire false documents in San Diego in order to cross into Mexico. From there, they planned on flying to the Middle East with the intent of entering Syria to fight, authorities say.Daud, who is charged with providing material support to terrorists, is scheduled to appear for a detention hearing Friday afternoon in front of Davis. Farah is charged with conspiracy and is expected to be returned to the Twin Cities later this week. Farah s brother, Adnan, was arrested last month in connection with the case and is charged with providing support to terrorists. He is being held in the Sherburne County jail.Via: Pamela Gellar",0
17317,"OBAMA TO GRANT WORK PERMITS FOR SPOUSES OF ILLEGAL ALIENS ON MAY 26, While 89% of Long-term Jobless Americans Would ‘Search Harder’ If Benefits Ran Out","40% of Americans have given up looking for work. Obama logic: Don t cut or reduce benefits for those unwilling to look for work, just give their jobs to illegal aliens makes perfect sense.A Large Percentage Of Americans Have Given Up Looking For WorkA new survey by staffing firm Express Employment Professionals shows that 40% of America s unemployed have  given up  looking for work.Not only are the long-term jobless being left behind but nearly 50% hold themselves responsible for not finding a job, the firm s  The State of the Unemployed  survey found.The survey of 1,553 jobless Americans age 18 and older was conducted online by Harris Poll on behalf of Express Employment Professionals between 7 and 29 April 2015. This survey shows that some of the troubling trends we observed last year are continuing. While the economy is indeed getting better for some, for others who have been unemployed long-term, they are increasingly being left behind. Meanwhile, more than 2 out of 5 unemployed Americans have been jobless for more than 2 years. That represents an increase from Y 2014, when 32% said they had been out of work for more than 2 years.48% report not having an interview in the last month; among them, 87% have not had an interview since the beginning of Y 2014 or earlier with 77% not having been on an interview since Y 2013.Among the unemployed, 14% are receiving unemployment benefits.Of those receiving benefits, 89% say they would  search harder and wider  for work if their benefits ran out before finding a job.Via:American workers who lost their jobs to foreign replacements are suing the federal government over a new rule that will allow more foreign workers into the job market.In a stated effort to encourage guest workers to stick around permanently, the Department of Homeland Security will now grant their spouses work permits in addition to visas. DHS estimates more than 100,000 spouses will be eligible to apply when it begins accepting applications May 26.The complaint, filed by the Immigration Reform Law Institute on behalf of the displaced workers, alleges DHS does not have the authority to make the rule, and that the rule violates federal labor protection law. IRLI is asking the judge to halt implementation of the rule until the case is heard. The larger implication is that Obama is arguing he has the executive authority to allow anyone to work in the United States,  John Miano, the attorney for the displaced workers, told The Daily Caller News Foundation.  [He] started with the children, then the parents, and now the spouses of H-1B workers. An update to the federal register indicates the Obama administration is also looking at expansions to other visa programs, he said.  If the president can let illegal aliens work, he can let anyone work and he s doing it. The workers are former employees of tech giant Southern California Edison, which was recently investigated for firing hundreds of American workers after forcing them to train their foreign replacements. (RELATED: Senators Ask Feds to Investigate Guest Worker Visa Abuse)The biggest challenge will be convincing a judge the workers he represents have legal standing to bring the case, Miano told TheDCNF.He ll argue the rule is relevant to the displaced workers because it will result in more competition in their job market. The government will counter that the workers can t prove the rule will affect their future job prospects.If the judge agrees to hear the case, Miano will then make the case that DHS overstepped the bounds of its authority and that the rule violates labor protection law. The law states that foreign work permits cannot adversely affect American wages, but all we ve seen during this administration is standards of living fall and outsized corporate profits continue to rise,  IRLI Executive Director Dale Wilcox said in a statement.  Via: The Daily Caller",0
17318,DOJ LEADER PUTS BLAME FOR RIOTS ON…SLAVERY?,"It s no accident that President Obama named Vanita Gupta acting head of the Civil Rights Division of the DOJ. Gupta is beloved by the radical left for her militant hostility toward law enforcement officers. Here s a fantastic overview from J. Christian Adams who has intimate knowledge of what s going on at the DOJ. He worked  there and knows just how the DOJ has been turned into a politicized radical leftist entity of the Obama administration. Here s an example of that:Vanita Gupta, head of the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division, has told a lawyers group in Colorado that slavery and Jim Crow helped fuel the Ferguson and Baltimore riots.The last few days have seen a number of fanciful stories with the Obama administration seemingly questioning the authority of local police. I ve long maintained that the administration is nakedly seeking to federalize policing standards   but get rid of local police? No way, that sounds like something broadcast from a shortwave station in Austin, Texas. But then up steps Vanita Gupta to lend some credibility to the idea that some want to disband local police and replace police powers with the federal government. Speaking to a group of left-wing lawyers in Colorado, Gupta had this to say:The conversation in these rooms, however, is not about whether to have police or not but about what kind of policing communities want and deserve.There is no question that we need police in our communities.The conversation? What conversation is Gupta hearing that needs to be corrected? Who brought up the idea we might not need police? Nobody sane, for sure.If you read the entirety of Gupta s speech, you ll get a sense of what is going on in the mind of the anti-police left. Officials in this administration still think it is rational and acceptable to bring up the name Michael Brown in the context of anything other than a likely felon against whom deadly force was justifiably used. Behold Gupta:Eric Garner. Michael Brown. Tamir Rice. John Crawford. Walter Scott. Freddie Gray.These names and many others have become familiar to us under tragic circumstances in recent months. Their deaths and those of other unarmed African American men and women in encounters with police officers, have provoked widespread responses across the country and have fueled the Black Lives Matter movement. In communities of color, in particular, the reaction has been stark and sobering.In the seven months I have been at the Civil Rights Division, I have spent a lot of time with local leaders and community members in cities all across America, including with numerous mothers who have lost their children in officer-involved shootings. The pain, anger, frustration   the lack of trust in the police   is real, and it is profound.Gupta asks the question that many Americans have already asked and answered:It s worth asking, first, how did we get here? And second, what are we going to do about it?To most law-abiding Americans, the idea of fleeing from the police, or worse, charging at a policeman you have already punched, is simply beyond the realm of possibility.So how did we get here? Was it a breakdown of values? Perhaps a pervasive tolerance for lawlessness? Of course not. Says Gupta:Let s start with the first question and consider the source of the mistrust. Mistrust can t be explained away as the kneejerk reaction of the ill-informed or the hyperbolic. It s in part the product of historical awareness about the role that police have played in enforcing and perpetuating (wait for it! here it comes!) slavery, the Black Codes, lynchings and Jim Crow segregation.Read more: pjmediaRead more: pjmedia",0
17319,(VIDEO) KEY CLINTON STATE DEPT EMPLOYEE BLOCKED RELEASE OF POLITICALLY SENSITIVE DOCUMENTS,"(VIDEO ABOVE)STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON HARF WON T COMMENT ON THE CHERYL MILLS BLOCK OF SENSITIVE DOCUMENTS ABOUT HILLARY CLINTONHillary s Chief of Staff could be part of the key to the truth of so much corruption. Cheryl Mills ran interference the night Benghazi broke. Hillary s claim that an anti-Islam video, created Benghazi, was promoted by Mills. Benghazi information was compromised by Ms. Mills but it would be asking too much to expect her to come clean on it. Truth just isn t in the cards for any of these lowlifes.WASHINGTON When Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, her staff scrutinized politically sensitive documents requested under public-records law and sometimes blocked their release, according to people with direct knowledge of the activities.In one instance, her chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, told State Department records specialists she wanted to see all documents requested on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline, and later demanded that some be held back.In another case, Ms. Mills s staff negotiated with the records specialists over the release of documents about former President Bill Clinton s speaking engagements also holding some back.The records requests came under the Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA, the public s main tool to get information from the government. Decisions on what to release belong with each agency s FOIA staff, say experts on the law, to guard against the withholding of documents for political or other inappropriate reasons.Questions about the transparency of Mrs. Clinton s State Department tenure have been bubbling ever since it was revealed that she exclusively used a private email account to conduct her work as secretary. The existence of that private system, which is being investigated by a House special committee probing the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya, meant the department didn t have access to her emails when public requests to see them came in.Read more: WSJ",0
17320,MAJOR DONATIONS TO CLINTON FOUNDATION From Country Who Tortures Dissidents And Provided Lavish Digs For Bill and Chelsea During CGI Conference,"What s a million dollars between friends? To hell with human rights violations Hillary s got a campaign to win!A major Clinton Foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions, according to a new report from Amnesty International.The New York Times reports that despite promises of reform, the Moroccan government continues to use  violent interrogation tactics  to  crush dissent. Moroccan King Mohammed VI recently hosted Bill and Chelsea Clinton at a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Marrakech, where guests were  chauffeured across the city to an opulent 56-room palace that boasts a private collection of Arabian horses, overlooks the snow-capped Atlas Mountains and serves a fine-dining menu of  biolight  cuisine,  according to the Washington Post.    During the conference Bill cited  Morocco s longstanding friendship to my family,  and thanked the king, who pledged as much as $500,000 toward the construction of the Clinton Library, as well as the OCP Corporation, a government-owned phosphate mining company that has donated at least $1 million to the Clinton Foundation. In interviews with POLITICO, former OCP miners described witnessing verbal and physical abuse doled out by the government against member of a minority advocating for independence in Western Sahara.Amnesty International secretary general Salil Shetty blasted the Moroccan government in a statement, saying:  Morocco s leaders portray the image of a liberal, human-rights-friendly country. But as long as the threat of torture hangs over detention and dissent that image will just be a mirage. According to the report, Moroccan dissidents are repeatedly subjected to  beatings, stress positions, asphyxiation, simulated drowning, psychological and sexual violence,  as a means of securing confessions for alleged crimes against the state. One tactic, known as the  roast chicken,  involves  suspending detainees from an iron bar by their wrists and knees. It is not known whether Bill Clinton met with any Moroccan detainees while hobnobbing at the Clinton Foundation event, which featured a  lavish palm-tree-lined golf resort with a cocktail reception featuring Moroccan hors d oeuvres and a saxophonist serenading about 50 donors. Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
17321,UNREAL! OBAMA USING GOV’T GRANTS TO ROB AND REDISTRIBUTE TAXPAYER DOLLARS TO HIS CRONIES AND FELLOW “COMMUNITY AGITATORS”,"THE USDA, EPA AND NOW THE DOJ Obama is using billions of taxpayer dollars to redistribute to his cronies and liberal agitators. Just Tuesday, the DOJ s Loretta Lynch unleashed millions to be given to  community organizers  to do who knows what with The Justice Department announced $163 million in grants to be distributed for the purpose of  building trust with the community.  As part of its effort to execute the recommendations of the president s task force, the Justice Department is looking for 10 localities to participate in a  collaborative reform  process to serve as a model for the rest of the country, emphasizing  procedural justice  and  implicit bias training. A list of grants awarded by the Justice Department in 2013 indicate federal funding has been and will continue to be directed toward activist groups described by critics as  racial agitators. For example,  Community Policing Development Awards  were given in 2013 to programs including  Building Trust With Communities of Color  from the Vera Institute of Justice, the  Race and Social Justice Initiative  at the Portland Police Department and  Racial Reconciliation, Truth-Telling, and Police Legitimacy  at John Jay College.Matthew Vadum, an expert in left-wing activist groups and the author of  Subversion, Inc.,  warns such federal funding invariably finds its way into the hands of progressive activists who personally profit from increased community tensions. After attacking police as stupid, racist, vicious and thuggish almost non-stop throughout his presidency, now he suddenly cares about police officers and the communities they serve. Now he wants to throw millions of taxpayer dollars at ACORN-like groups and professional left-wing agitators whose calling in life is to generate civil unrest,  he said. This means that people like the president s point man on race relations, riot organizer Al Sharpton, will get his hands on lots of government money. This money won t actually help anyone except for the often-violent Saul Alinsky-inspired community organizers who have been living high off the hog ever since one of their own took up residence in the White House. Wrong solutions to a problem he created Civil-rights activist Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson, author of  Scam: How the Black Leadership Exploits Black America,  argues the Obama administration will use grants to reward political allies instead of fighting crime and helping the black community.Read more: WNDUSDA GOVERNMENT GRANT PROGRAMS DIRECTED AT THE POOR AND  FOOD DESERTS  -JUST ADD IT ALL UP: $80 BILLION IN SNAP PER YEAR PLUS $31.5 MILLION, $75 MILLION, $100 MILLION, $4.5 BILLION: Less than a year after spending tens of millions of dollars to provide the nation s food-stamp recipients with more fruits and vegetables, the Obama administration is generously throwing in another $31.5 million for the same cause, according to a recent announcement.It s the last thing Americans need to hear as the dreaded tax day approaches since, after all, they re bankrolling the healthy food campaign for low-income residents. Under President Obama the country s food-stamp program rebranded Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) to eliminate stigma associated with the welfare benefit has grown immensely, according to the government s own figures. A record number of people, around 47 million, get free groceries from Uncle Sam at an astounding cost of about $80 billion a year.It isn t enough to give tens of millions of people free food. The administration wants to assure the welfare recipients are eating healthy and nutritious items by providing government-subsidized produce, whole grains and low-fat milk in neighborhoods it has labeled  food deserts.  It s part of a broader effort spearheaded by Michelle Obama s $4.5 billion law to revolutionize the inner city diet by providing fruits, veggies and grilled lean meats as alternatives to greasy, fried foods that tend to be more popular in those areas presumably because they re cheaper.The money flows through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which has poured huge sums into the cause and this month dedicated the additional $31.5 million.  Encouraging low income families to put more healthy food in their grocery baskets is part of USDA s ongoing commitment to improving the diet and health of all Americans,  said Obama s Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. He referred to the costly program as  creative community partnerships  that will ultimately help SNAP participants better afford fruits and vegetables. Officially the funds for this particular initiative have been coined Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive grants.Judicial Watch has reported on this extensively in the last few years, exposing the enormous sums of taxpayer dollars that have been wasted on this ineffective experiment. In fact, last year JW wrote about an academic study that shows the First Lady s pricey initiative to eliminate  food deserts  is failing miserably. The study focused on a low-income neighborhood in Philadelphia that received generous grants from the government to build new markets and add healthy food options to convenience stores. Researchers found that dietary habits or obesity were not altered and it did not lead to changes in fruit and vegetable intake or body mass index.Before that JW reported that the administration wasted $75 million to study ways of better recognizing the nutritional needs of low-income communities and more than $100 million in Obamacare grants to  reduce health disparities  between minorities and whites by, among other things, eliminating food deserts. The administration even created a special internet mapping tool (Food Desert Locator) that identifies areas with  limited access to affordable and nutritious foods. Less than a year ago the Obama administration announced that it was launching a special research center that will find ways to help food-stamp recipients make healthier and wiser food choices. It will be called the Center for Behavioral Economics and Healthy Food Choice and Americans will pay at least $1.9 million possibly more to create it. There seems to be no end to the madness, an obsession to control what private citizens consume and change the ingrained eating habits of an entire demographic.Read more: Judicial WatchEPA GRANTS AND FUNDS USED TO REDISTRIBUTE TAXDOLLARS AND BUY SUPPORT FOR PHONY AGENDASBut the American Lung Association backs up the White House and EPA claims   vigorously promoting the phony pollution/asthma link. However, the EPA s $24.7 million in grants to the ALA over the past 15 years should raise questions about the association s credibility and integrity on climate and pollution.The EPA also channels vast sums to its  independent  Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee, which likewise rubberstamps the agency s pollution claims and regulations: $180.8 million to 15 CASAC members since 2000. Imagine the outrage and credibility gap if Big Oil gave that kind of money to scientists who question the  dangerous manmade climate change  mantra.Read more: wj",0
17322,WHY IS OBAMA DISARMING COPS IN AMERICA At Same Time Terror Threat Is Being Raised?,"In the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in U.S. cities, President Barack Obama is arbitrarily prohibiting local police and sheriff departments from obtaining military surplus equipment from the Defense Department as part of what many law enforcement officers are calling his war on police.Beginning on Monday, Obama visited a number of high-crime areas   especially those with large black populations   to explain the need for his unilateral action, according to news sources on Monday.President Obama s spokespeople said Monday that the administration will no longer give local cops some types of protective gear and vehicles while putting stricter controls on other weapons and equipment distributed to law enforcement. The details were released prior to Obama s visit to Camden, News Jersey, Monday afternoon to give a speech on how he will address police officers allegedly using racist tactics based on racist departmental policies.Obama and his supporters view police wearing protective riot gear and using armored vehicles as being overly-aggressive in neighborhoods that are predominately black and Hispanic. The President even accused some departments of issuing bayonets, which is demonstrably untrue, according to one police officer who claims she voted for Obama in 2008.  This President actually shows his dislike for local cops. I believe he wants to federalize policing and do away with local and state law enforcement. While the constitution prohibits that, when was the last time Obama cared about what the constitution says,  said Iris Aquino, a former police detective.During Obama s speech in Camden, New Jersey, a city reputed to have the highest violent crime rate in the United States, not once did he mention the police officers who were gunned down by blacks or whites within the last few months, noted a New York City police official who has been active fighting against the anti-cop Mayor Bill de Blasio.  That s because Obama like many liberal-left ideologues believe that police officers are the primary oppressors of minorities. The fact that Obama and the  racial-division industry    which includes the likes of Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson   keep blacks in a state of poverty in order to use their anger and resentment for their own political interests appears to escape the notice of the news media, another group that doesn t care about dead cops,  he said.Originally police officers were led to believe that Obama would continue the Pentagon s military surplus program, however a panel of his sycophants warned that there is a propensity for misuse of equipment such as armored vehicles, high-powered firearms and camouflage. But not one example of police misusing an armored vehicle has been reported.  I have not heard of one incident in which police misused an armored vehicle. These are defensive vehicles used by cops to protect themselves from gunfire, Molotov cocktails, explosives and weapons of mass destruction,  said former law enforcement commander Jack McGowan.  High-powered firearms? The police use nothing that even resembles a  powerful  firearm. And camo clothing is clothing. No one gets hurt from a shirt s design pattern,  McGowan said.Besides cutting off the flow of equipment that would have gone to local law enforcement, the Obama government considering a recall of certain equipment that was already give to local police and sheriffs departments.  I ll highlight steps all cities can take to maintain trust between the brave law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line, and the communities they re sworn to serve and protect,  Obama said in his weekly address out Saturday.Obama believes law enforcement is a necessary evil, claim his opponents.  He s never showed local cops any respect. He also doesn t trust any agency he doesn t directly control. This is an American leader who wants to federalize the law enforcement function and he has a lot supporters who trust big government over states rights,  political strategist Michael Baker.Former New York City Mayor Rudy Guiliani s Police Commissioner Howard Safir said he believes a  war on police,  exists in America, the anti-cop attitudes are being stoked up by Obama and his minions.  After 20 years of incredible crime reduction accomplished by thousands of dedicated police officers, the public has become complacent now that they are safer,  said Safir.  They have let the anti-police pundits and talking heads convince everyone from the president to the attorney general that police are racist and brutal. Via: Examiner",0
17323,SAVE THE SPRINKLES! FDA BAN COMING TO CHANGE HOW YOUR FAV TREAT FOODS TASTE,"THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION IS PUSHING FOLKS OFF OF TRANS FATS I should say  nudge  because that s the favorite term of the liberals. We all know it s really a shove to do what they mandate. It s doubtful trans fats in small quantities will be devastating to anyone. The taste and texture of foods like donuts will change. Will be start to have underground donut shops that are made with banned trans fats? The food police are making DAMN sure you conform to their mandate but isn t palm oil just as bad? The Obama administration is expected to all but ban trans fat in a final ruling that could drop as soon as next week, killing most uses of an ingredient that has been put in everything from frozen pizza to Reese s Pieces but since deemed harmful to human health.The agency may create some very limited exemptions, but the ruling could force food companies to cut trans fat use beyond the 85 percent reduction already achieved over the past decade   a key piece of the Obama administration s broader agenda to nudge Americans toward a healthier diet.The food industry believes low-levels of trans fats are safe. Industry leaders have banded together behind-the-scenes to craft a food additive petition that will ask FDA to allow some uses of partially hydrogenated oils, such as in the sprinkles on cupcakes, cookies and ice cream. The industry hasn t shared details, but officials maintain the uses will represent  very limited amounts.  For more than 60 years, partially hydrogenated oils have been used in food products under the status generally recognized as safe, which does not require FDA s approval. But since the 1990s, reams of studies have linked trans fat consumption to cardiovascular disease, causing somewhere between 30,000 and 100,000 premature deaths before the industry started phasing it out.In late 2013 the Obama administration issued a tentative determination that partially hydrogenated oils are not generally recognized as safe. The move sent shock waves through the food industry, which has already brought down average consumption from more than 4 grams per day to about 1 gram per day   an exodus largely fueled by mandatory labeling imposed a decade ago. Scores of popular products, including Oreos and Cheetos, have quietly dropped partially hydrogenated oils over the years, but it remains an ingredient in many products, including Pop Secret microwave popcorn, Pillsbury Grands! Cinnamon Rolls and Sara Lee cheesecake, as well as some restaurant fryers and commercial bakery goods. If FDA sticks to its guns in its final determination   and most in food policy circles assume it will   the agency will be taking a firm step toward pushing out more of the remaining uses of trans fat. Read more: Politico",0
17324,OBAMA’S ORGANIZED RACE WAR EXPOSED AS PROTESTORS REVEAL PROOF OF PAYMENT," My success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people,  Soros once wrote.  This allows me to take a stand on controversial issues: In fact, it obliges me to do so because others cannot.  -George SorosMORE and OBS, two groups funded by George Soros, advertised money available for people willing to travel to protest (@organizemo is the twitter account of MORE): Listen to radical socialist George Soros talk about his innocuous <sarcasm> and oh so  transparent  little organization here:George Soros gives billions to left-wing causes: Soros started the Open Society Institute in 1993 as a way to spread his wealth to progressive causes. Using Open Society as a conduit, Soros has given more than $7 billion to a who s who of left-wing groups. This partial list of recipients of Soros  money says it all:ACORN, Apollo Alliance, National Council of La Raza, Tides Foundation, Huffington Post, Southern Poverty Law Center, Soujourners, People for the American Way, Planned Parenthood, and the National Organization for Women.George Soros wants to curtail American sovereignty: Soros would like nothing better than for America to become subservient to international bodies. He wants more power for groups such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, even while saying the U.S. role in the IMF should be  downsized.  In 1998, he wrote:  Insofar as there are collective interests that transcend state boundaries, the sovereignty of states must be subordinated to international law and international institutions. After protesters protested not getting their checks from MORE on May 14th, MORE allegedly distributed the following list as to who was paid to protest in Ferguson and elsewhere, to show where the money had been going.Obviously, as we ve mentioned before, this is far from a  grass roots spontaneous  protest.You can see money paid out to Lisa Fithian, $1,127.75 for  visit expenses .For those who do not know, Lisa Fithian is an infamous leftist organizer. She organized at Occupy, but has been used as a training organizer for many years before that. She spent time in Ferguson in 2014 training people to  simulate chaos. Is it possible that George Soros has a love affair with Lisa Fithian because of their common hatred for Israel?Also of note, you can see that some people are being paid to travel to other places to protest, you can see the travel to Selma, and to D.C., as well as money paid out for  vans , including to a union for providing the vans. Elizabeth Vega got $2000 for  activist trip to Baltimore .There is money paid for protester supplies and protester catering, as well as for video recording of the protests. Some things were not so defined such as $2000 to Taylor Payne for  support .$52,815 is paid to MORE. Money clearly was to go through them to the protesters, according to the protesters during their #Cuthtechecks protest.There are big payouts to Jeff Ordower. Jeff Ordower is a bit like a male Lisa Fithian, he was an organizer for the SEIU and ACORN. He founded MORE and his stated goal is  welcoming co-conspirators in attempts to scale up numbers of radical organizers who can financially support themselves in the work . He is the white man protesters are complaining to in this clip, when they protested not getting paid. He would appear to be disburser of the checks.WCC hot seat pic.twitter.com/Uo65IC2Uuz  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 14, 2015Brittany Ferrell and Ashley Yates receive thousands on behalf of MAU, Millenial Activists United, one of the protester groups. Ferrell, tries to justify her position in this Facebook post where she blames Ordower for screwing everything up. Via: Weasel Zippers",0
17325,(VIDEO)SEC OF STATE KERRY GOES FULL-ON DELUSIONAL IN COMMENTS ON THE FALL OF RAMADI,"IS HE FOR REAL? This is so alarming on so many levels because we lost over 1,000 soldiers in Ramadi and took it back but now we re expected to do it again? This guy is so out of touch and so aloof. Ramadi belongs to ISIS and will be VERY difficult to take back. We re two steps behind in our leading from behind approach to foreign policy and it s NOT working. ",0
17326,NYC MAYOR DEBLASIO SAYS ‘Something is changing in America” ANNOUNCES NEW “Communist Manifesto” AGENDA,"Why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized Barack Obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression MISS ME YET?Last week, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled a 13-point national  Progressive Agenda  that is being touted as the liberal  Contract with America. The aim is for the  Progressive Agenda  to become the basis for the Democratic Party s main economic policies, including those of its 2016 presidential candidate.De Blasio has compared his plan to the  Contract with America,  a document released by the Republican Party during the 1994 congressional election and drawn up by future House Speaker Newt Gingrich to serve as the GOP policy agenda.Now WND documents that most of the 13 points in de Blasio s  Progressive Agenda  can also be found in the manifestos and literature of the Communist Party USA and the Socialist Party USA.The full progressive plan, entitled,  The Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality,  can be found on the agenda s new website.Here is a comparison of the Agenda s plan with literature from the manifestos and writings of the Community Party USA, or CPUSA, and the Socialist Party USA, or SPUSA.  Progressive Agenda:  Raise the federal minimum wage, so that it reaches $15/hour, while indexing it to inflation. SPUSA:  We call for a minimum wage of $15 per hour, indexed to the cost of living. CPUSA: Calls for  struggles for peace, equality for the racially and nationally oppressed, equality for women job creation programs, increased minimum wage.   Even with ultra-right control of the Federal government, peoples legislative victories, such as increasing the minimum wage, can be won on an issue-by-issue basis locally, statewide, and even nationally.  Progressive Agenda:  Pass comprehensive immigration reform to grow the economy and protect against exploitation of low-wage workers. SPUSA:  We defend the rights of all immigrants to education, health care, and full civil and legal rights and call for an unconditional amnesty program for all undocumented people. We oppose the imposition of any fees on those receiving amnesty. We call for full citizenship rights upon demonstrating residency for six months. CPUSA: Declares the  struggle for immigrant rights is a key component of the struggle for working class unity in our country today.  Progressive Agenda:  Make Pre-K, after-school programs and childcare universal. SPUSA:  We support public child care starting from infancy, and public education starting at age three, with caregivers and teachers of young children receiving training, wages, and benefits comparable to that of teachers at every other level of the educational system.  Progressive Agenda:  Earned Income Tax Credit.   Implement the  Buffett Rule  so millionaires pay their fair share. SPUSA:  We call for a steeply graduated income tax and a steeply graduated estate tax.  CPUSA:  No taxes for workers and low and middle income people; progressive taxation of the wealthy and private corporations.  Dems hail  beginning of revolution De Blasio criticized Obama as  too conservative  to assert a progressive economic vision and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression, reported the liberal news network.Speaking at the  Progressive Agenda  launch event outside the Capitol building last Tuesday, de Blasio said  something is changing in America. It s time to take that energy and crystallize it into an agenda that will make a difference,  he said.  We ll be calling on leaders and candidates to address these issues, to stiffen their backbones, to be clear and to champion these progressive policies. Read more at WND ",0
17327,WATCH JUDGE ORDER PUNK WEARING “POLICE LIE” T-SHIRT TO LEAVE COURTROOM…Or Face Contempt Charges,"The hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. The blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of Eric Holder, Eric Sharpton and Barack Hussein Obama ",0
17328,IF YOU CROSS OUR BORDERS ILLEGALLY….YOU CAN NOW LAND A JOB TEACHING IN THIS STATE," We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States.  So in other words, soon it won t matter if these illegal alien teachers are able to speak english as long as they want to  do the right thing? Gov. Brian Sandoval signed a bill Wednesday that would make it easier for immigrants with temporary legal status to get a Nevada teaching license, saying it would help meet the needs of a  new Nevada. Among the people who flanked the Republican governor as he signed AB27 was Uriel Garcia, a 22-year-old Nevada State College student and recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program who was previously denied a license. He said he plans to re-apply as soon as possible to get started on his student teaching and move toward his goal of teaching 2nd grade English language learners. I want to give back to the community that gave me so much,  Garcia said.The old law allowed the state superintendent to give a teaching license to someone who is not a citizen but has a work permit only if there s a teacher shortage for a subject the person can teach. The new law, which passed the Senate and Assembly unanimously, allows those immigrants to get a teaching license if a district has a teacher shortage of any kind.The measure affects immigrants in the deferred action program, also known as DACA recipients or DREAMers. State Superintendent Dale Erquiaga said it s not clear how many new teachers the change will yield, but said his office will track that number going forward.Proponents framed the bill as a way to deal with a major teacher shortage, as well as a way to diversify the teaching force in a state with a high population of English language learners. We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States,  Garcia said.Sylvia Lazos, vice chair of the Latino Leadership Council, said the bill better reflects a changing Nevada. These laws that prohibit non-citizens from getting licensed come from another era, another time, when many states were hostile to Germans, Catholics, Irish,  Lazos said.  Modern Nevada is not protectionist, not anti-immigrant, not anti-foreigner. It s a wonderful day for Nevada to affirm that. Via: Chron",0
17329,A MUST READ: THE REAL STORY OF AMTRAK’S POLITICIZED EXISTENCE AND INSANE FUNDING,"A must read that pretty much tells you like it is and reveals what you probably hadn t heard in the main stream media. We need to privatize the rail service and let it make a profit! The taxpayers should not be expected to cover the bill for this huge behemoth of a loser that is Amtrak. The deadly Amtrak derailment this week spawned a frenzy of sleazy opportunism on social media as lefties rushed to declare before any evidence of the cause of the accident was available that it clearly showed the need for more federal billions to subsidize Amtrak.As the official investigation has released actual information, it seems likely that the real cause was excessive speed: the train was traveling at more than 100 miles per hour as it entered a tight curve where the safe limit was 50 miles per hour. How is more government spending supposed to prevent this kind of operator error?Oh, and contrary to the media s  Amtrak fan fiction,  as Sean Davis calls it, Congress just authorized $1.4 billion in new subsidies to Amtrak less than five months ago. So there goes that narrative.There is obviously something unseemly about this far more unseemly than a violinist distraught over not being able to retrieve the source of her livelihood. This is a tragedy in which people were killed and injured, yet many a media hack s first thought was about how to score political points against Republicans.To be sure, this kind of partisan opportunism is not a unique product of the social media era. They did the exact same thing back before the Internet, it s just that you had to wait longer for the newspaper to come out. And this kind of partisan jabbering is mostly meaningless, fueled by speculation based on political bias rather than facts. But for precisely that reason, it is psychologically revealing. In the rush to invent a self-flattering narrative for any new event as it happens, the social media crowd reveals more about themselves and their own assumptions than they do about the events on which they are commenting.For example, Mollie Hemingway brilliantly exposes how this amounts to a secularized theodicy in which bad things happen to good people because we have failed to propitiate the gods of the federal budget.As the narrative has developed, it has taken on a more specific and sinister character. Complaints about lack of funding to Amtrak have begun to focus, not just on those evil Republicans and their (supposed) general animus against government, but on the fact that Republicans tend to hail from districts where people don t use Amtrak.As the Washington Post s Philip Bump writes:Ridership is heavily centered in the Northeast, in the corridor between Boston and Washington where Tuesday s accident occurred. But more than that, ridership is unevenly distributed politically,. Data from the National Association of Railroad Passengers shows the number of passengers that get on or off the train in any given congressional district, and reveals an obvious reason why Republicans might not be too concerned about funding the system . There are 184 congressional districts in which not one person got on or off a train in 2014 . Of those 184 districts, 116 are currently represented by Republicans. On average, ridership in Republican districts was about 41,000 in 2014 compared to 261,000 in Democratic districts. Well, surprise, surprise, surprise. Here s an update for those who live in the DC-New York-Boston  Acela Corridor.  Outside that area, Amtrak passenger trains are usually distant and are generally known for being dirty, having really bad food, being chronically, unbelievably late on their schedules, still being pretty expensive, and generally being a far less attractive option than driving or flying.So it s no surprise that most of the country views Amtrak as a white elephant that is not worth their tax dollars. It s almost as if the federal government doesn t exist to serve the needs of the DC-to-Boston corridor.But that s not how the mainstream media is trying to spin this fact, and that s what is revealing. They view this, not as evidence of Amtrak s failure to serve most of the country, but as the country s failure to serve Amtrak. So here is how Bump tries to steer his conclusion:  [M]any conservatives consider the idea of a federally funded transportation program to be anathema. And since so few of their constituents actually use the system, there s little incentive to want to offer political support. Tuesday s disaster could shift that thinking. But what if it s not our thinking that needs to be shifted? What if it s the mainstream media that needs to shift its own thinking?When they see this information, does it not even occur to them to think: Oh, so Amtrak passenger rail only serves, well, us. (Philip Bump, for example, lives in New York and works for the Washington Post, which gives us a pretty good guess at how often he takes the train from one city to the other.) Did it ever appear to them that maybe passenger rail is a merely factional, local concern that the rest of the country shouldn t be paying for?The left is always dabbling in fictional dystopias where there is a yawning chasm between rich and poor, where the country is riven by racial conflict, and where the whole nation has to be impoverished to serve the power and vanity of the Capitol and yet somehow this is the system they always create when they re in power, in places like Baltimore and Chicago. Given this information about how little the rest of the country relies on Amtrak, the only conclusion is that all of us are being asked to support a system that mostly benefits a minority of relatively wealthy elites in the nation s political and financial capitals. We are all being asked to send tributes to the Capitol.And here s the crazy thing. The rest of the country might not really be paying for regional Northeast corridor train service. In fact, that s the only part of Amtrak that might conceivably make money, even with the system s notorious inefficiency though Amtrak s dubious accounting makes it impossible to say for sure. I think the Northeast corridor folks would be better off privatizing and letting competition and innovation come up with ways to deliver faster and better service in an area where it might actually make money. It would be like Uber, but for trains. But I m also willing to say that they can do whatever they want with their little regional rail system, since they live there and use it so long as they re willing to pay the subsidies themselves.But that s not what they re asking for. To preserve a government monopoly in their own corner of the country, the DC and New York elites want to preserve the fiction that Amtrak serves the interests of the entire country. So they force us to subsidize sparse, poor-quality, money-losing service across the rest of the country, just so the Northeast corridor elites can have a fig leaf for their vanity.That s the sort of thing they inadvertently reveal when they re in a rush to score political points off a tragedy.Via: The Federalist",0
17330,DEMOCRATS PUSH FOR BAN AND RESTRICTIONS ON ONLINE AMMO SALES,"Once again, the gun grabbers are doing anything they can to restrict ammo and guns in the name of  Common Sense reform . The thought process behind this is just not making any sense but what does with the gun grabbing Dems Democrats are pushing legislation which bans online ammunition sales that do not include a face-to-face exchange of IDs and which requires ammunition dealers to report any purchases of more than 1,000 rounds.The legislation titled the Stop Online Ammunition Sales Act of 2015 is sponsored by Representative Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman (D-NJ-12th Dist.) and co-sponsored by Representative Rep. Frank Pallone Jr (D-NJ-6th Dist.), according to The Hill.Pallone said:Far too many times, we have seen the shocking images of unspeakable gun violence that could have been prevented. Our bill to limit the online sale of ammunition is a long-overdue common sense reform that I am hopeful will spark Congress to put aside party difference and come together to help prevent such senseless tragedies.Pallone and Coleman are focusing on Aurora theater gunman James Holmes  online ammo purchases as a selling point for their legislation. In so doing, they have overlooked the fact that Holmes passed background checks for the firearms he acquired and, therefore, would not have been prevented from ammunition purchases even if forced to show ID in a face-to-face manner.Via: Breitbart",0
17331,BEWARE THE UNITED NATIONS PUSH FOR “GLOBAL GOVERNANCE” FOR THE “GOOD OF THE PLANET”,"Beware of this agenda that s Agenda 21 for those who aren t familiar with the term sustainable development. Your every move will be micromanaged for the  common good . I am really disappointed in the Pope s position on this and many other things. He s so far left on so many issues but the fact that he s buying into the global warming scam is very disturbing. The UN plans to launch a brand new plan for managing the entire globe at the Sustainable Development Summit that it will be hosting from September 25th to September 27th. Some of the biggest names on the planet, including Pope Francis, will be speaking at this summit. This new sustainable agenda focuses on climate change of course, but it also specifically addresses topics such as economics, agriculture, education and gender equality. For those wishing to expand the scope of  global governance , sustainable development is the perfect umbrella because just about all human activity affects the environment in some way. The phrase  for the good of the planet  can be used as an excuse to micromanage virtually every aspect of our lives.So for those that are concerned about the growing power of the United Nations, this summit in September is something to keep an eye on. Never before have I seen such an effort to promote a UN summit on the environment, and this new sustainable development agenda is literally a framework for managing the entire globe.If you are not familiar with this new sustainable development agenda, the following is what the official United Nations website says about it The United Nations is now in the process of defining Sustainable Development Goals as part a new sustainable development agenda that must finish the job and leave no one behind. This agenda, to be launched at the Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015, is currently being discussed at the UN General Assembly, where Member States and civil society are making contributions to the agenda.The process of arriving at the post 2015 development agenda is Member State-led with broad participation from Major Groups and other civil society stakeholders. There have been numerous inputs to the agenda, notably a set of Sustainable Development Goals proposed by an open working group of the General Assembly, the report of an intergovernmental committee of experts on sustainable development financing, General Assembly dialogues on technology facilitation and many others. Posted below are the 17 sustainable development goals that are being proposed so far. Some of them seem quite reasonable. After all, who wouldn t want to  end poverty . But as you go down this list, you soon come to realize that just about everything is involved in some way. In other words, this truly is a template for radically expanded  global governance . Once again, this was taken directly from the official UN website 1. End poverty in all its forms everywhere2. End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture3. Ensure healthy lives and promote wellbeing for all at all ages4. Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all5. Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls6. Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all7. Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all8. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all9. Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialisation, and foster innovation10. Reduce inequality within and among countries11. Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable12. Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns13. Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts (taking note of agreements made by the UNFCCC forum)14. Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development15. Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification and halt and reverse land degradation, and halt biodiversity loss16. Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels17. Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalise the global partnership for sustainable developmentAs you can see, this list goes far beyond  saving the environment  or  fighting climate change .It truly covers just about every realm of human activity.Another thing that makes this new sustainable development agenda different is the unprecedented support that it is getting from the Vatican and from Pope Francis himself.In fact, Pope Francis is actually going to travel to the UN and give an address to kick off the Sustainable Development Summit on September 25th His Holiness Pope Francis will visit the UN on 25 September 2015, and give an address to the UN General Assembly immediately ahead of the official opening of the UN Summit for the adoption of the post-2015 development agenda. This Pope has been very open about his belief that climate change is one of the greatest dangers currently facing our world. Just a couple of weeks ago, he actually brought UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to the Vatican to speak about climate change and sustainable development. Here is a summary of what happened On 28 April, the Secretary-General met with His Holiness Pope Francis at the Vatican and later addressed senior religious leaders, along with the Presidents of Italy and Ecuador, Nobel laureates and leading scientists on climate change and sustainable development.Amidst an unusually heavy rainstorm in Rome, participants at the historic meeting gathered within the ancient Vatican compound to discuss what the Secretary-General has called the  defining challenge of our time. The mere fact that a meeting took place between the religious and scientific communities on climate change was itself newsworthy. That it took place at the Vatican, was hosted by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, and featured the Secretary-General as the keynote speaker was all the more striking. In addition, Pope Francis is scheduled to release a major encyclical this summer which will be primarily focused on the environment and climate change. The following comes from the New York Times The much-anticipated environmental encyclical that Pope Francis plans to issue this summer is already being translated into the world s major languages from the Latin final draft, so there s no more tweaking to be done, several people close to the process have told me in recent weeks. I think that we can get a good idea of the kind of language that we will see in this encyclical from another Vatican document which was recently released. It is entitled  Climate Change and The Common Good , and it was produced by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences and the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences. The following is a brief excerpt Unsustainable consumption coupled with a record human population and the uses of inappropriate technologies are causally linked with the destruction of the world s sustainability and resilience. Widening inequalities of wealth and income, the world-wide disruption of the physical climate system and the loss of millions of species that sustain life are the grossest manifestations of unsustainability. The continued extraction of coal, oil and gas following the  business-as-usual mode  will soon create grave existential risks for the poorest three billion, and for generations yet unborn. Climate change resulting largely from unsustainable consumption by about 15% of the world s population has become a dominant moral and ethical issue for society. There is still time to mitigate unmanageable climate changes and repair ecosystem damages, provided we reorient our attitude toward nature and, thereby, toward ourselves. Climate change is a global problem whose solution will depend on our stepping beyond national affiliations and coming together for the common good. Such transformational changes in attitudes would help foster the necessary institutional reforms and technological innovations for providing the energy sources that have negligible effect on global climate, atmospheric pollution and eco-systems, thus protecting generations yet to be born. Religious institutions can and should take the lead in bringing about that change in attitude towards Creation.Read more: Zero Hedge",0
17332,"NOT GRASSROOTS: #Ferguson Protestors PAID Over $5K To Attack Police, Instigate Violence And Disrupt","The Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protesters are spilling the beans on the so-called  grassroots  movement.Earlier this week black protesters staged a protest at at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) on Thursday to press their claim that groups led by whites have collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share.Much more on that sit-in protest at MORE here.The black protesters threatened to  f*ck up  the white protest organizers.Now this  It s widely known thatFerguson activists were flown to New York City, Wisconsin, and even the West Bank to spread racial hatred.Now we know why they re so committed to the cause.They are being paid   quite a bit   to disrupt and initiate violence across the country.The protesters are talking online about how much they were getting paid to protest against the police and stir up racial hate in Ferguson and other communities since August.** Protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities and attack police!Listening to @search4swag live now on @JoePrich  they pointing out that @deray is getting paid by Soros  Independent CaT (@RealOrangeCat) May 16, 2015The far left billionaire George Soros pumped at least $33 million into the violent Ferguson protest movement, according The Washington Times.Many of the  grassroots  leaders were paid handsomely.And the protesters are wising up to Deray   who has been out every night tweeting and stirring up the race hate n numerous cities for several months. Black Lives Matter and Get Paid  Another group Resource Generation, a racist Socialist group, paid a million to the protesters.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17333,BAIL DENIED: CONVICTED MUSLIM RAPIST Refuses Mandatory Sex Offender Course Because It “conflicts with [his] Islamic faith”,"Apparently, keeping a slave and repeatedly raping her is not against his Islamic faith From International Business Times:A Saudi national who was convicted of keeping his Indonesian maid as a sex slave has refused to attend a mandatory sex offender s course, arguing that his Muslim beliefs do not allow him to look at pictures of scantily-clad women.Homaidan al-Turki, 45, was jailed for 28 years in 2006 after his maid claimed she had been forced to work 12 hour days with no break and then locked in a cellar and abused regularly by the Saudi, who was in the US on an academic scholarship with his wife and five children.Al-Turki s sentence was reduced in 2011 to eight years-to-life but his parole applications have been repeatedly denied because of his refusal to attend a sex offenders course.Al-Turki told prison officials in 2013 that the sex offender treatment programme  conflicts with [his] Islamic faith , according to a letter by the then executive director of the Colorado Department of Corrections, Tom Clements.Eight years for keeping a slave in America. Shameful.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17334,HILLARY 2016 FAN JAMES TAYLOR: “Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for”,"Time to exhale James Barack Obama supporter James Taylor doesn t just think the U.S. president is great   he believes Obama is the greatest of all-time. I ve been watching politics since (Dwight) Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson, when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, and Obama is my favorite, favorite president,  Taylor said in an interview Wednesday.  I am just thankful for every day that he s in office. I am so proud that he represents my country and I think he represents me   I think he represents the America that I know. Taylor, 67, is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts. The pop icon performed  America the Beautiful  at Obama s second inauguration in 2013. I had a really tough time during the Cheney-Bush years, I did, and I had a hard time accepting that that administration represented me because I don t think they did,  Taylor said.The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer also called Obama s family  precious  and said he appreciates the U.S. leader because he s  sane  and  balanced. He promised to give us a health care system, it s a work in progress, but he has put us on a road to that,  Taylor said.  I m so grateful for what he s done for gay rights and for the emancipation of gay people. Particularly from my point of view, I think that was so overdue and so important, and so important for America to be ahead of the curve on this. Taylor criticized Congress in Obama s defense. I ve never seen a Congress that has been so obstructive and so contrary and so committed to doing anything that will foul up this administration. I just think it s an absolute scandal that he has had so little cooperation,  he said.  So anyway, you hit a nerve and I ll go on forever. But I ll just say it a third time: Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for. Obama isn t the only politician Taylor is supporting: The singer said he s on the Hillary Rodham Clinton train, too. And aside from the fact that she s a woman running, she s the right person.   The whole point   black or white, male or female, gay or straight, Christian, Jewish, Muslim, atheist   it doesn t matter what these other connections are,  he said.  Our country needs to come together and the question is,  Is this public servant someone who will bring us together?  And I think she is. Taylor will release a new album,  Before This World,  on June 16, and will perform a concert for SiriusXM at The Apollo in New York City on the same day. He will also launch a U.S. tour in July.Via: AP News",0
17335,VA WHISTLEBLOWER TELLS OF “LAWLESSNESS AND CHAOS” YOU WON’T BELIEVE IN BILLIONS WASTED,"This is nothing short of outrageous! Billions wasted using purchase cards to go around federal law is beyond criminal. This senior official went public after it was crickets from the VA Secretary. Don t you wish more people would do this? A culture of  lawlessness and chaos  reigns at the Department of Veterans Affairs when it comes to purchasing goods and services for the Veterans Health Administration, according to senior official Jan R. Frye.Frye, deputy assistant secretary for acquisition and logistics, first brought to light problems of abuse back in March. He decided to air the information publicly after his 35-page memorandum to VA Secretary Robert McDonald went completely unanswered.The sum total of the chaos amounts to at least $6 billion in wasted funds spent in violation of federal contracting rules, The Washington Post reports.One of the most egregious methods designed to skirt federal rules is the use of purchase cards for large-scale purchases totaling billions. These purchase cards are normally intended to make it easier to acquire small items conveniently. Instead, employees used the cards to subvert contracting rules, bringing in $1.2 billion dollars worth of prosthetics. VA employees often collaborate together to split purchases across cards to keep the total under $3,000 dollars, all the while purchasing items far over that limit.Read more: TheDC",0
17336,LET THE REPARATIONS BEGIN: Rahm Emanuel Uses $5.5 Million Taxpayer Dollars To Gain Favor With Chicago’s Black Voters," We do this not because it s legally required, because it s not,  Patton said at a hearing on the agreement.  We do this because we believe it s the right thing to do, both for the victims and their families and for the city. This is historic,  said Mr. Coverson.  The only city in America that has given reparations and passed a reparations ordinance, and given an official apology for the violence that the police have done to citizens. The city of Chicago on Tuesday sought to put to rest one of its most persistent scandals, proposing a $5.5 million reparations fund for dozens of torture victims connected to former Chicago police Cmdr. Jon Burge and his so-called midnight crew of rogue detectives.The proposal, negotiated with a key plaintiff s attorney and supported by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, would offer free city college tuition for victims and their families, free counseling for psychological issues and substance abuse as well as other assistance to more than 50 potential victims. The city would also issue a formal apology, create a permanent memorial recognizing the victims and ensure that eighth- and 10th-grade students attending Chicago Public Schools would be taught about the Burge case and its brutal legacy, cementing the scandal s role in city history.But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. Burge was convicted in federal court of lying about the torture and sentenced to 41/2 years in prison. He was released in October but confined to his home until February. He still collects a police pension.Burge did not return calls Tuesday to his home in Florida.But John  Jack  Byrne, Burge s former right-hand man, on Tuesday called the reparations deal a  scam perpetuated on taxpayers. Via: Chicago Tribune ",0
17337,UNREAL! OBAMA ADMIN PRESSURES LENDERS TO LOAN TO HIGH-RISK SECTION 8 WELFARE TAKERS,"We ve been doing articles on this for the past couple of years to tell everyone that the second housing bubble is being forced on the American taxpayers in the name of civil rights. Did we not learn from the first time around that lending to risky people is NOT a good idea no matter what color they are!This really is the definition of insanity   doing the same thing over and over and getting the same BAD results. The only thing is THIS IS YOUR MONEY THAT THE GOVERNMENT IS THROWING DOWN THE TOILET!If you need federal subsidies to pay your apartment rent, it s a good bet you can t afford to buy a new home. But don t tell that to the Obama regime. It s pressuring banks to lend even to Section 8 voucher recipients.In a new regulatory bulletin, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau warns home lenders that they can be investigated for discrimination if they reject Section 8 vouchers as a valid source of income for low-income minorities applying for mortgages. The agency argues that underwriting policies that exclude such welfare payments could have a  disparate impact  on minority borrowers and therefore violate civil-rights laws. The bureau has become aware of one or more institutions excluding or refusing to consider income derived from the Section 8 HCV Homeownership Program during mortgage loan application and underwriting processes,  the three-page bulletin said. Explained CFPB Director Richard Cordray,  Consumers should not be put at a disadvantage just because they receive public assistance.  And strapping them with 30-year debt doesn t put them at a disadvantage? Did Cordray snooze through the subprime crisis? The Homeownership Voucher Program is a Clinton-era program that Obama has expanded. Under it, HUD (that is, you   the taxpayer) helps Sec. 8 recipients make monthly mortgage payments while also subsidizing other homeownership expenses for up to 15 years. The program is geared toward single moms who want to buy their first home. They have to earn at least $14,500 to qualify for the generous stipend, but if they receive Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) payments, there is no minimum income requirement. The only other requirement is they have to take a free, three-hour  homebuyer education  class prior to closing the loan. That s right, CFPB expects lenders to bank on the notion that a little financial counseling will turn welfare recipients into a low-risk homebuyers. Last year, the agency warned lenders that they also face race-bias lawsuits if they verify the income of minority borrowers on SSDI benefits. SSDI enrollment has exploded under Obama, and fraud is rampant in the program. A recent probe by Congress found doctors rubber-stamping claims under the program. A random review found that more than one in four cases failed to provide evidence to support claims. No wonder mortgage lenders have been asking for verification. Buried in the fine print of its new Qualified Mortgage rule, which the media erroneously claim is  strict,  CFPB actually mandates that payments from  government assistance programs are acceptable  forms of income for home-loan qualification. But don t stop there .CFPB has teamed up with the Justice Department to order the biggest mortgage lenders in the country, including Wells Fargo and Bank of America, to offer loans to people on  public assistance.  The government is now requiring them to post branch notices promoting the risky welfare acceptance policy. A mortgage requires a stable job and good income   as well as good credit   to avoid defaults and foreclosures. Though President Obama worries about declining home-buying among jobless or underemployed minorities, he s just setting them up for failure all over again by putting them in homes that they can t afford.ANOTHER GREAT ARTICLE AND SOURCE FOR THE BACKSTORY ON THIS MESS:OBAMA S HOUSE OF CARDS   NEW YORK POST, JULY 2012CFPB also has been working closely with the Justice Department to enhance fair lending enforcement. Justice has pressured banks to relax their mortgage underwriting standards and approve loans for minorities with poor credit as part of a new crackdown on alleged discrimination, court documents show. Attorney General Eric Holder, who served as Reno s deputy, has filed a record number of fair-lending enforcement actions against lenders. More than 60 investigations are active or said to be in the pipeline, and dozens of banks have already settled, including giants Wells Fargo and Bank of America. Prosecutions have already generated more than $550 million in rebates, loan set-asides and other subsidies from banks that have settled out of court rather than battle the federal government and risk being branded racist by the media. Leading the charge is Holder s top civil-rights cop, Thomas Perez, another Clinton retread. Perez has compared bankers to Klansmen, arguing that while bankers may discriminate  with a smile  and  fine print,  it s  every bit as destructive as the cross burned in a neighborhood.  He says predatory lenders must now  repair some of the damage done to (minority) communities. Read More: IBD",0
17338,(VIDEO)GREAT NEWS! IRS FORCED TO GIVE STORE OWNER’S LIFESAVINGS BACK AFTER SEIZING IT VIA CIVIL FORFEITURE LAW,"I heard Mr. McLellan on the radio yesterday and he was very unsure about getting his money back from the seizure by the IRS. He sounded like he was pretty defeated and still shocked that via civil asset forfeiture laws he could have his life savings taken from him forever. We ve reported on this before and feel it s a law that s certainly being abused. Bravo to Mr. MCLellan for standing up for himself! After publicly humiliating the Internal Revenue Service, a North Carolina man received more than $100,000 from the agency.Lyndon McLellan had the bank account for his convenience store seized by the IRS, and at first he wasn t even sure why. The agency used civil asset forfeiture laws to take McLellan s money without convicting or charging him of a crime.The IRS said it suspected McLellan was violating federal structuring laws, which prohibit making multiple cash deposits of less than but near $10,000.The federal government has taken criticism for stretching the bounds of structuring laws to seize property from well-intended people.But even after policies were changed in 2014 to not seize property in these kinds of cases, it still wouldn t relent on McLellan.U.S. Attorney Steve West threatened McLellan that going public would only make things worse for him. He told McLellan it  just ratchets up feelings in the agency. My offer is to return 50% of the money. McLellan went to the press anyway. The IRS quickly changed its tune and gave Lyndon McLellan back all $107,702 of his money.Read more and photo courtesy of: Institute for Justice",0
17339,AMTRAK FACTS AND WHY AMERICANS SHOULDN’T TRUST THE CALL FOR MORE INFRASTRUCTURE SPENDING,"The Democrats didn t waste any time pushing for more funding for Amtrak after the Philly crash but anyone with half a brain knows you shouldn t trust this push for more and bigger government funding. Here are some facts, yes, real facts to spread around to your liberal friends so they ll zip it on demonizing the Republicans with lies and distortions The Tuesday night Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia that left eight dead and hundreds injured occurred when a train hit a curve at twice the 50 mile per hour speed limit. So, naturally, this tragedy has devolved into a political rumpus over infrastructure spending.This reflexive demand for more public  investment  could benefit from a fact or two. House Republicans are supposedly to blame (retroactively?) for the crash because the Appropriations Committee passed a transportation funding measure Wednesday that hands Amtrak $289 million for operations and $850 million in capital grants or about $260 million less than its normal annual take.Never mind that Amtrak has pumped $2.6 billion into the 456-mile track called the northeast corridor over the last decade. The eight states along this route that connects Boston to Washington through New York and Philadelphia supplied another $2.4 billion, plus a one-time $1 billion fillip from the 2009 stimulus. Liberals have also discovered a signaling technology called positive train control (PTC) that might have slowed down the train, and they claim Amtrak delayed installation for lack of funding. But Amtrak s inspector general reported as far back as 2012 that the rollout was dogged by poor internal planning, budget overruns and unreliable engineering, adding that  Amtrak has not included total funding for PTC in its financial plan or congressional funding requests. The House bill tries to control costs and reform Amtrak mismanagement, such as its above-market union salaries and benefits (49% of 2014 expenses) and its wasteful food and beverage service. But this modest effort doesn t reach the core problem, which is the political misallocation of  investment. Since Richard Nixon nationalized passenger rail in 1971, Amtrak has been hostage to Congress and has run deficits every year. The feds own all the preferred stock and pretend to require Amtrak to operate as a for-profit corporation. In reality, it must behave as a public utility and social charity.In a 2014 audit, the Amtrak IG observed that management thought  so many legislatively mandated tasks and responsibilities had accumulated over time that it was unclear what to focus on. That view was evident in the company s 2011 strategic plan, which had five strategic themes, seven strategies, numerous initiatives and dozens of performance measures. This hyper-politicization has intensified under President Obama, for whom Euro-style high-speed rail is a special fixation. Ryan Lizza reported in the New Yorker that Mr. Obama  was aggravated when he was told that none of the money from the stimulus would be spent on a signature project, a modern-day Hoover Dam or Interstate Highway System.  So we are getting the $68 billion California bullet train that few will ever ride when it opens in 2028.Despite $3.2 billion in revenue in 2014, a good year, Amtrak required $227 million from taxpayers or 7% of its operating budget. After depreciation and other expenses, it reported a net loss of $1.1 billion. But this disguises the one route where passenger rail is economically rational: the northeast corridor. Amtrak earned $496.7 million on that discrete service in 2014 on strong ridership, up from $390.1 million the prior year. But most of this surplus is used to cross-subsidize unprofitable regional and long-distance service everywhere else.The transfer supports overstaffed, unpopular routes that serve 523 stations in 46 states like the Zephyr, from Chicago to Emeryville, California, or the Empire Builder, from Milwaukee to Seattle. Refusing to stop these lines makes little sense, except for politics. In 2012, the latest year for which data are available, the Transportation Department reports that Amtrak fares averaged 34 cents per mile, versus 15 cents for domestic flights and about a quarter for cars.There are 987 residents for every square mile along the northeast corridor and only 98 on average in the rest of the country. The population density, high traffic and business centers of the northeast are uniquely suited for rail. To the extent northeast rail could gain from capital investment, the cities along the line which produce one of five dollars of U.S. GDP are rich enough to finance their own transportation on the user-pays principle, especially as ticket sales rise.*** The political class refuses to use the word infrastructure unless preceded by  crumbling,  but the truth is that current funding is poorly targeted and Congress won t set priorities. Spinning off the northeast corridor from Amtrak, for example, to build a dedicated high-speed track that bypasses freight and commuter rail might be a viable idea.Instead,  infrastructure  money too often flows to bike paths, nature trails and trolley cars. Every dollar spent connecting Merced to Bakersfield by rail is one that can t be used to replace the Baltimore & Potomac tunnel in Maryland, built in 1873.What any of this has to do with the Philadelphia disaster, who knows. Taxpayers intuitively understand that government has long contributed to public goods, from canals to the Internet. But they would be more willing to finance urgent highway, rail, bridge and airport projects if they had any reason to believe the money would be well spent.Via: WSJ",0
17340,MOOCH FOR PRESIDENT? Surprising New Poll Shows How Michelle Stacks Up Against Hillary In 2016 Presidential Bid,"If nothing else, Mooch makes Hillary seem like she s not such a bad candidate after all .If Michelle Obama decided to run for president in 2016 she would represent the most significant threat, among likely contenders, to Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the Democratic nomination, according to a new Rasmussen poll.A telephone survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted by the polling company found that, in a hypothetical match-up between the current First Lady and the former secretary of State, Clinton would best Obama 56 percent to 22 percent.That may seem like a significant margin, but according to the most recent RealClearPolitics polling average, Elizabeth Warren   Clinton s other biggest hypothetical challenger   nets just 12.5 percent to Clinton s 64 percent.Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), the only other declared Democratic candidate for President, is even further behind with 7.4 percent. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O Malley, who is expected to announce his bid on May 30, fares the worst against Clinton with 1.2 percent of support from likely voters.The first lady is highly unlikely to mount a presidential campaign, however. In fact, of the people surveyed by Rasmussen, just 14 percent thought she should run.Still, 40 percent of black voters welcomed the idea of her running, and she bests Clinton among those voters, with 44 percent support among African-Americans compared with 36 percent for Clinton.Obama herself recently joked about a possible October surprise, hinting to  Late Show  host David Letterman that the thought had crossed her mind.Via: The Hill",0
17341,"BUSTED: The Oh So Objective ABC News Chief Anchor, George Stephanopoulous Made Huge Donation To Clinton Foundation","Just like Hillary Stephanopoulos claims it was an  honest mistake  not to disclose his donations to the corrupt Clinton slush fund ABC News chief anchor George Stephanopoulos has given $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation in recent years, charitable contributions that he did not publicly disclose while reporting on the Clintons or their non-profit organization, the On Media blog has learned.In both 2013 and 2014, Stephanopoulos made a $25,000 donation to the 501 nonprofit founded by former president Bill Clinton, the Foundation s records show. Stephanopoulos never disclosed this information to viewers, even when interviewing author Peter Schweizer last month about his book  Clinton Cash,  which alleges that donations to the Foundation may have influenced some of Hillary Clinton s actions as Secretary of State.In a statement to the On Media blog on Thursday, Stephanopoulos apologized and said that he should have disclosed the donations to ABC News and its viewers.Watch George discuss the problem with donations to the Clinton Foundation on the Daily Show with John Stewart, and how it might make people question if donations to the Foundation could be seen as  pernicious : I made charitable donations to the Foundation in support of the work they re doing on global AIDS prevention and deforestation, causes I care about deeply,  he said.  I thought that my contributions were a matter of public record. However, in hindsight, I should have taken the extra step of personally disclosing my donations to my employer and to the viewers on air during the recent news stories about the Foundation. I apologize. Stephanopoulos is the chief anchor and chief political correspondent for ABC News, as well as the co-anchor of ABC s  Good Morning America  and host of  This Week,  its Sunday morning public affairs program. Prior to joining ABC News, he served as communications director and senior advisor for policy and strategy to President Clinton. He also served as communications director on Bill Clinton s 1992 presidential campaign.In its own statement on Thursday, ABC News said it was standing behind its star anchor. As George has said, he made charitable donations to the Foundation to support a cause he cares about deeply and believed his contributions were a matter of public record,  the network s statement read.  He should have taken the extra step to notify us and our viewers during the recent news reports about the Foundation. He s admitted to an honest mistake and apologized for that omission. We stand behind him. ABC News later told the On Media blog that it would not take any punitive action against Stephanopoulos:  We accept his apology,  a spokesperson said.  It was an honest mistake. Sources with knowledge of Stephanopoulos  charitable giving said he gives to dozens of charities Stephanopoulosevery year and that the total sum of these annual contributions is in the millions of dollars. Those sources said that the Clinton Foundation contributions represent a very small percentage of the total.On the April 26 edition of  This Week,  Stephanopoulos interviewed Schweizer and challenged the author s assertions that Hillary Clinton may have committed a crime because there was a  troubling pattern  between donations to the Foundation and Clinton s actions as Secretary of State. We ve done investigative work here at ABC News, found no proof of any kind of direct action,  the host told Schweizer.  An independent government ethics expert, Bill Allison, of the Sunlight Foundation, wrote this. He said,  There s no smoking gun, no evidence that she changed the policy based on donations to the foundation.  No smoking gun. Later in the interview, Stephanopoulos said,  I still haven t heard any direct evidence and you just said you had no evidence that she intervened here.  He also noted that other news organizations that used Schweizer s research  haven t confirmed any evidence of any crime. Among the more notable revelations to come out of Schweizer s research is the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and Uranium One, a former Canadian mining company that was taken over by Russia in 2013 with U.S. government approval. Between 2009 to 2013, Uranium One s chairman donated $2.35 million to the Clinton Foundation.Hillary Clinton has said that there is  not an inherent conflict of interest  between the Foundation donations and her decisions at the State Department. Her campaign has consistently dismissed the accusations as partisan attacks.Via: Politico",0
17342,OBAMACARE WEBSITE OF OBAMA’S HOME STATE SHUT DOWN BUT NOT FOR LACK OF FUNDING,"This is just another example of a big free-for-all for anyone and everyone connected to a government program. Where did this money go? We ll never know because of the lack of oversight but I ll bet it went into some pockets. It spent nearly $24,000 per person on the website! This is YOUR hard earned money! Unreal! In total, HHS provided nearly $4.5 billion to Hawaii and other state exchanges, with little federal oversight and virtually no strings attached. Despite over $205 million in federal taxpayer funding, Hawaii s Obamacare exchange website will soon shut down. Since its implementation, the exchange has somehow failed to become financially viable because of lower than expected Obamacare enrollment figures. With the state legislature rejecting a $28 million bailout, the website will now be unable to operate past this year.According to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser the Hawaii Health Connector will stop taking new enrollees on Friday and plans to begin migrating to the federally run Healthcare.gov. Outreach services will end by May 31, all technology will be transferred to the state by September 30, and its workforce will be eliminated by February 28.While the exchange has struggled since its creation, it is not for lack of funding. Since 2011 Hawaii has received a total of $205,342,270 in federal grant money from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). In total, HHS provided nearly $4.5 billion to Hawaii and other state exchanges, with little federal oversight and virtually no strings attached.Despite this generous funding, the exchange has underperformed from day one. In its first year, Hawaii enrolled only 8,592 individuals   meaning it spent almost $23,899 on its website for each individual enrolled. Currently over 37,000 individuals are enrolled in Hawaii s exchange   well below the estimated 70,000 enrollees that is required to make the website financially viable. Unfortunately, taxpayers will have to hand out an additional $30 million so that Hawaii can migrate to the federal system.This is not the first time that a state exchange has failed, and taken millions of dollars in federal funds down with it. Earlier this year, Oregon s state exchange was officially abolished at an estimated cost of $41 million.Read more: Americans For Tax Reform",0
17343,WATCH WHAT OUR US MILITARY DOES TO PEDOPHILIC MONSTERS Who Prey On Innocent Christians and Yazidis,Take that you filthy animals!,0
17344,FOUR TRIGGERS FOR THE NEXT TITANIC ECONOMIC RECESSION,"Oh nooooo! This is not good and it s so true. The replenishing the ammo part is so true because we ve honestly not recovered as much as the Obama administration and the liberal spinners would have us believe. HSBC chief economist Stephen King is already thinking about the next recession.In a note to clients Wednesday, he warns:  The world economy is like an ocean liner without lifeboats. If another recession hits, it could be a truly titanic struggle for policymakers. Here s King: Whereas previous recoveries have enabled monetary and fiscal policymakers to replenish their ammunition, this recovery   both in the US and elsewhere   has been distinguished by a persistent munitions shortage. This is a major problem. In all recessions since the 1970s, the US Fed funds rate has fallen by a minimum of 5 percentage points. That kind of traditional stimulus is now completely ruled out.King notes that this far into the recovery, there s a lack of  traditional policy ammunition.  For instance, Treasury yields have not risen, the budget deficit is not falling, and welfare payments are still on the rise.As for what might trigger the next recession, King highlighted four things:-Wage growth will hurt corporate earnings and reduce the share of corporate profit contributing to US gross domestic product (it also doesn t help that worker productivity is low). In turn, households and businesses will lose confidence in the economy, and the  equity bubble  will burst with collapsing stock prices.-Nonbank financial systems such as insurance companies and pension funds will increasingly not be able to meet future obligations. This will cause a huge demand for liquid assets, forcing people to rush to sell despite no matching demand, triggering a recession. -Forces beyond the Federal Reserve s control, including the possibility that China s economy and its currency could collapse. Weak commodity prices could also cause collapses in several emerging markets, as could continued strength in the US dollar.-The Fed could cause the next recession by raising interest rates too soon, repeating the mistakes of the European Central Bank in 2011 and the Bank of Japan in 2000. Read more: Business Insider",0
17345,"OINK, OINK! 2015 PIG BOOK SHOWS LAWMAKERS APPROPRIATING GLUTTONOUS SPENDING","WHAT MORATORIUM? These guys in Congress are getting around the moratorium and spending like drunken sailors er pigs Stop the madness!Congress has appropriated over $4 billion earmarks this year despite a ban on pork barrel spending, Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) announced on Wednesday.The group unveiled the 23rd edition of its Pig Book at the Phoenix Park Hotel near Capitol Hill, revealing millions in earmarks for  fish passage,   embryo adoption awareness,  and abstinence education. The 2015 Pig Book continues to prove that any earmark is a bad earmark,  CAGW president Tom Schatz said.  At a time when members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol continue to call for a restoration of earmarks, taxpayers should deliver a loud and clear message that it is time for earmarks to be permanently banned. Congress has been operating under a self-imposed earmark moratorium since 2010. However, lawmakers have found ways to get around the moratorium.CAGW found the cost of earmarks increased from $2.7 billion to $4.2 billion between fiscal years 2014 and 2015.The report highlights $2.6 million earmarked for the Denali Commission, a 1998 program to build infrastructure in rural Alaska that President Obama wanted to eliminate in 2012. Since FY 2000, 26 projects worth $295.8 million have been earmarked for the Denali Commission, including requests by Senate Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee member Lisa Murkowski (R., Alaska), Sen. Mark Begich (D., Alaska), and the late Sen. Ted Stevens (R., Alaska),  according to the Pig Book.Read more: WFB",0
17346,WHY WAS THIS YOUNG MAN SPONSORED BY CAIR INVITED TO THE WHITE HOUSE,"It s Hard To Know Who Obama Hates More America, Israel Or Our Police Officers Barry doesn t have time to attend the funerals of any of the cops who ve been murdered in his race war, but he s got time to meet with a CAIR sponsored victim of alleged police brutality following a violent protest, supposedly at the hands of Israel police officers. He s always got time for the  victim,  especially if the radical muslim organization, CAIR has anything to do with using the victim s status to promote their radical cause. A White House official confirmed that the Obama administration s national security team recently met with a teenager who garnered international headlines after a video of him being beaten by Israeli police during a protest in East Jerusalem emerged on the Internet.Tariq Khdeir, a fifteen-year-old Tampa resident of Palestinian decent, was hosted at the White House for continuing meetings with the Obama administration, which says that it is continuing to monitor the case.Khdeir was filmed being beaten and arrested by Israeli police last summer during a riot in a Palestinian neighborhood over the death of Muhammad Abu Khdeir, Tariq s cousin.A White House official confirmed late Monday to the Washington Free Beacon that Khdeir and his family were hosted at the White House for meetings. The confirmation came following initial reports of the April 15 meeting by CNN. The U.S. government has remained closely engaged with Tariq and his family since his return from Jerusalem,  a White House official told the Free Beacon.  As part of the follow-up on pending issues related to his case, National Security Council staff met with the Abu Khdeir family recently. While Tariq Khdeir was originally accused of participating in the riot which came amid a series of similar riots in Jerusalem last summer he was cleared of all charges in January.Khdeir s cousin Muhammad was the victim of an apparent revenge killing in the wake of the abduction and slaughter of three Israeli teens by Palestinian terrorists.Anti-Israel activists touted the video of Khdeir s beating as proof of widespread Israeli aggression and malfeasance in East Jerusalem. Organizations such as the Council of America-Islamic Relations (CAIR) have featured Khdeir as a speaker at various anti-Israel conferences.The family is reportedly seeking assurances that Khdeir will not be subjected to retaliation by Israel should he return to Jerusalem.The Obama administration is reportedly miffed with Israel over the incident and believes the government has not taken such incidents seriously, according to CNN. Based on numerous conversations with administration officials on background, there is a widespread belief within the Obama administration that the Israeli government does not take these incidents against American citizens with the seriousness U.S. officials believe they merit,  CNN reported. Unless there is video evidence that excessive force was used, as in the case of Tariq Khdeir, Israeli government officials inevitably conclude that the action taken was justified and in keeping with national security needs, officials say,  according to the report.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
17347,[Video] US VETERAN FINDS FLAG HE CARRIRED ON TOUR DESECRATED IN FRONT YARD,"The war on the American flag continues.Retired mounted an American flag in front of his house, the same flag that he carried with him on duty across five continents.One morning last week, the vet woke up to find his car smashed with the flag pole and the flag desecrated with a marker. The message that I would like to say is America is still the greatest country in the world,  Hernandez Garcia said on  Fox and Friends Weekend.   It s not something that we are just brainwashed with. We are still the greatest country. We got problems. Everybody does. The flag represents freedom. When you step on the flag, you really are stepping on those veterans that have really fought for you. And everybody else, including your own parents, grandparents and great-grandparents and so forth,  Hernandez Garcia said. So, if you are watching this, I would like to tell you, come and talk to me. Let s talk about things. Let s not destroy things. Our country needs dialogue more than violence. He said that social media has a major influence on people, so maybe someone saw the recent  stomp the flag challenge  and was inspired.Tucker Carlson and Ainsley Earhardt revealed that America s Mighty Warriors, a group that helps support military families, will be paying for the damages to Hernandez Garcia s car and flagpole, plus paying for a weekend vacation for two. In addition to that, a flag will be flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of his service.Via: Fox and Friends",0
17348,(VIDEO) KRAUTHAMMER: FORMER CIA DEPUTY DIRECTOR GIVES TELLING STATEMENTS THAT WILL BE USED AGAINST HILLARY, ,0
17349,"LAWS ARE FOR THE COMMON MAN…NOT FOR BARRY SOETORO: Obama Gives Work Permits To 2,000 After Judge Ordered Him To Stop","It was all an  accident.  It s good to King The Obama administration continues to ignore the law and do pretty much whatever the hell it wants.From The Hill:The government  erroneously  doled out about 2,000 expanded immigrant work permit authorizations under President Obama s controversial executive actions, even after a federal judge blocked the move, the Justice Department says. The Government sincerely regrets these circumstances and is taking immediate steps to remedy these erroneous three-year terms,  the Department of Justice wrote in a court advisory filed late Thursday in the Southern District of Texas.The advisory comes after District Court Judge Andrew Hanen halted the implementation of the executive actions, which defer deportations for immigrants living in the U.S. illegally and provide them with expanded access to work permits, until the courts could decide whether the policies are constitutional.While the old policies authorize a two-year renewal of work permits under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the new program would allow for a three-year renewal.The DOJ added in the advisory that the Department of Homeland Security is  converting  the three-year renewals into two-year terms and that DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has asked the agency s inspector general to investigate.Oh good they re investigating, I m sure they ll be fair and honest, right? If we can t trust them to follow a judge s ruling then why should we trust them about any immigration policy they might seek in the future? This is just pathetic. And of course it s released on Friday afternoon, knowing that the complicit moron media will barely report it.Via: The Right Scoop ",0
17350,U.S. APOLOGIZES FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS AT U.N. REVIEW TO COUNTRIES WITH WORSE HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS,"Obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues The United States heard widespread concern Monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the U.N. s main human rights body for a review of its record.Washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty, push ahead with closing the Guantanamo Bay detention center and ensure effective safeguards against abuses of Internet surveillance. Its appearance before the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva is the second review of the U.S. rights record, following the first in 2010.A string of countries ranging from Malaysia to Mexico pressed the U.S. to redouble efforts to prevent police using excessive force against minorities. Welcome to Mexico. It to likely you ll find any human rights violations here. Oh and here s a prison in Malaysia. Nothing to see here The U.N.Human Rights Council has more pressing issues to deal with like hmmm .maybe their concerned about whether or not the terrorists we re keeping in our Guantanamo Bay Prison have soccer balls that are properly inflated We must rededicate ourselves to ensuring that our civil-rights laws live up to their promise,  Justice Department official James Cadogan told delegates, adding that that is particularly important in the area of police practices and pointing to recent high-profile cases of officers killing unarmed black residents. These events challenge us to do better and to work harder for progress through both dialogue and action,  he said at the session s opening. He added that the government has the authority to prosecute officials who  wilfully use excessive force,  and that criminal charges have been brought against more than 400 law-enforcement officials in the past six years.Several countries, including Brazil and Kenya, voiced concern over the extent of U.S. surveillance in the light of reports about the National Security Agency s activities.David Bitkower, a deputy assistant attorney general, responded that  U.S. intelligence collection programs and activities are subject to stringent and multilayered oversight mechanisms.  He added that the country doesn t collect intelligence to suppress dissent or to give U.S. businesses a competitive advantage, and that there is  extensive and effective oversight to prevent abuse. Faced with widespread calls for a moratorium on executions and a move to scrap the death penalty, Bitkower noted that it is an issue of  extensive debate and controversy  within the U.S. He pointed to  heightened procedural safeguards  for defendants prosecuted for capital offenses.Brig. Gen. Richard Gross, the legal counsel to the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, told the council that President Barack Obama has said closing Guantanamo   in which he has been thwarted by Congress   is  a national imperative.  The remaining detainees are detained lawfully, he said.Via: AP News",0
17351,(VIDEO) BREAKING: WHY OBAMA WAS SNUBBED BY SAUDI AND OTHER ARAB LEADERS IN SECURITY SUMMIT,"It s a snub don t believe the pundits on this one. It s concern over the Iran deal that s got Saudi and other leaders so peeved at Obama. He might be able to get away with talking out of both sides of his mouth with everyone else but not with the Saudis who re having nothing to do with this upcoming summit. The White House was scrambling Monday to put a positive face on an upcoming summit of Persian Gulf states after learning leaders from four of the six invited nations are expected to skip.While those nations are still sending representatives to the summit being hosted by President Obama later this week at Camp David, the absence of crucial heads of state   notably, Saudi Arabia s new king   could present an awkward situation for the administration.In a statement Sunday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said Thursday s summit coincides with a humanitarian cease-fire in Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition is fighting Shiite rebels known as Houthis. He said Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, who is also interior minister, would lead the Saudi delegation and the king s son, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is defense minister, will also attend   but the king would not.Obama had planned to meet Saudi Arabia s King Salman one-on-one a day before the gathering of leaders at the presidential retreat. The White House, though, did not present his decision to skip the summit as a sign of any substantial disagreement with the U.S.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
17352,HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY…Your First Grader Just Rated Your Mommy Skills For Her Public School Teacher,"Rate your mom for Mother s Day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive, progressive public school teacher would assign. A first grade class at Ridgecrest Elementary in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, (and scads of other schools around the country, too, if the 1,994 downloads are any indication) made a Mother s Day  gift  to take home. Was it a sentimental card? A loving poem? Perhaps the impression of the child s hand forever memorialized in plaster of paris? No.Some teacher (or in this case it may have been Principal Teri Mattson) thought it was a grand idea to have six-year-olds rate their moms on personal behaviors. The  report card  reveals how well  the mom  lives up to expectations! Kids get to rate (with smiling, neutral, or frowning faces) their moms on these items:The mom cares for her children. The mom cooks healthy meals for her children. The mom has an organized bedroom. The mom takes time to enjoy her hobbies, such as reading. The mom works hard to make money for her family. The mom is funny and makes her children laugh. The mom takes care of herself by getting her hair done and taking bubble baths. The mom is a safe driver and does not get distracted when driving. Inspire Me, ASAP! the username of a woman who offers items on Teachers Pay Teachers created this worksheet. It is apparently receiving lots of positive feedback (and smiling faces!) with comments like:The moms will love these! How fun is this?! Can t wait to have my kiddos make this! Super adorable! Adorable idea. I can t wait to see their answers.Now the questions are:How many parents are going to speak up about this? How could teachers/administrators be this clueless? Whenever things like this happen, I see a ton of private griping and moaning and negative social media commentary. Few parents, however, are willing to push back.In a nutshell, parents are afraid of school employees. These taxpayer funded teachers and administrators hold so much power (grades, influence, activities, resources) that parents vehemently object in private while smiling and nodding in public.They work for us, people. They must be held accountable.Giving such a worksheet is not just invasive and stupid. In Utah, it s illegal.Title 53A Chapter 13 Part 3 Section 302Except as provided in Subsection (7), Section 53A-11a-203, and Section 53A-15-1301, policies adopted by a school district or charter school under Section 53A-13-301 shall include prohibitions on the administration to a student of any psychological or psychiatric examination, test, or treatment, or any survey, analysis, or evaluation without the prior written consent of the student s parent or legal guardian, in which the purpose or evident intended effect is to cause the student to reveal information, whether the information is personally identifiable or not, concerning the student s or any family member s: (e) critical appraisals of individuals with whom the student or family member has close family relationshipsVia: Mormonmomma",0
17353,THE SINGLE CHART TO SHARE THAT TELLS THE TRUTH ABOUT UNEMPLOYMENT IN AMERICA,"The media continues to lie about jobs numbers but we know better than that. Here s a chart to share to anyone and everyone:In what was an  unambiguously  unpleasant April jobs payrolls report, with a March revision dragging that month s job gain to the lowest level since June of 2012, the fact that the number of Americans not in the labor force rose once again, this time to 93,194K from 93,175K, with the result being a participation rate of 69.45 or just above the lowest percentage since 1977, will merely catalyze even more upside to the so called  market  which continues to reflect nothing but central bank liquidity, and thus   the accelerating deterioration of the broader economy.READ MORE: ZERO HEDGE",0
17354,(VIDEO) JUDGE JEANINE: FREE SPEECH IS NON-NEGOTIABLE – PERIOD!, ,0
17355,A MUST SEE! THE BALTIMORE RIOT STORY IN ONE BIG PICTURE, ,0
17356,MUST WATCH VIDEO! MEGYN KELLY SPELLS IT OUT FOR THE CLUELESS AGAINST FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS, ,0
17357,FAMILY LIVING ‘TRADITIONAL LIFESTYLE’ TORN APART: POLICE SEIZE 10 Homeschooled “Off Grid” Children From Their Family,"Conform or pay the ultimate price Police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in Kentucky on Wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.The nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around Joe and Nicole Naugler s rural property before entering the premises. Eight of the kids were out with their father but Nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. Nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).The sheriff then demanded Joe Naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges, an order with which he complied. They are an extremely happy family,  said family friend Pace Ellsworth, who asserts that the Nauglers were targeted because of their  back to basics life  and their decision to homeschool their children.Friends reported no concerns about how the children were being treated by the parents, who follow an educational model called  unschooling  where the children decide their own curriculum based on the subjects that interest them and what their strengths are. This is the natural way to live,  said Ellsworth.  It s actually a growing movement. They want to have a personal education and not a factory education. They are completely open about their life. Everyone is learning by living. They are all extremely intelligent. The family s Facebook page   entitled  My Blessed Little Homestead,  is a charming testament to their way of life. The Naugler children are obviously living a blissful  free range  lifestyle amongst 26 acres of land in Breckinridge County. They frequently post pictures and videos of their children, animals and their off-grid life,  reports Off the Grid News.  A May 5 post showed a video of a toddler, Mosiah, learning to walk. An April 24 post showed a happy family, gathering around a campfire, roasting marshmallows. The family have set up a GoFundMe page to try and raise money for legal expenses.A website for the family spells out their plight with the heart-wrenching words;  This Kentucky family of 12 people, 6 dogs, 2 farm cats and a few random farm animals was just torn apart. Their crime: Living a simple, back to basics life. This shocking story once again illustrates how families attempting to simply get on with their lives in a traditional manner are being treated as extremists by other Americans, snitched on, and targeted by authorities.Here is a Facebook link to the Nagger family business: Blessed Little Grooming Company, LLCVia: InfoWars",0
17358,OBAMA REGIME’S SECRET ASIAN TRADE DEAL Would Let International Tribunal Overrule State and Fed Laws To Benefit Foreign Companies,"Nothing to see here just Obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule US laws and allow them to levy fines against the US the American taxpayer would be responsible for paying. It is really worrisome,  said top House Ways and Means Committee Democrat Rep. Sandy Levin.  Countries do not want to give away their jurisdiction away to some arbitrary panel,  he added.At issue is the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty and a provision called  Investor-State Dispute Settlement,  or ISDS, that would let foreign firms challenge U.S. laws, potentially overruling those laws and resulting in fines to be paid by taxpayers. The provisions are becoming common in some trade deals between other nations.Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has warned that it would undermine U.S. sovereignty.Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions has also raised a concern about another phase in the legislation,  living agreement.  He and other experts say that phrase means that the treaty can be changed after Congress approves it.The Asia trade deal would be up first if Congress OK s the pending Trade Promotion Authority, which fast-tracks trade agreements. Levin said it is in trouble over concerns about the secret TPP.Is anyone else feeling exhausted by watching Josh  the liar  Earnest explain the corrupt Obama administration?At a media breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, Levin appeared with Jeffrey Sachs, prominent international economist at Columbia University, who panned the provision as a bid by foreign companies to make an  end run  around tough U.S. laws and regulations. Essentially, ISDS allows companies to sue states in a special ad hoc tribunal that is outside the court systems and outside of the legal systems of the host countries,  he warned.  U.S. law, U.S. court findings, could be set aside by this ad hoc process really designed and pushed by the corporate sector which sees this as an end run around national law,  he added.Levin also joined in Sessions  demand that the Asia trade pact be opened to the public. Currently, it is being kept in secret and only those cleared to see it are allowed to. Levin said, for example, that he was barred from discussing some TPP provision with Sachs.The White House has dismissed the secrecy claims, but Sachs said,  It is secret. I haven t seen it. I can t see it. Levin also said that the treaty would include communist Vietnam which has far different worker rights laws than the U.S. He recalled recently meeting with a Vietnamese woman who was thrown in jail for trying to form a union.  There has to be changes,  he demanded.Via: Washington Examiner",0
17359,REFUGEE BUSINESS IS CASH COW FOR LUTHERAN CHARITY IN MI AND OTHER STATES,"How very  charitable  of the Lutheran and Catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to America, dump them off, and expect the American taxpayer to fund their existence Michigan Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence cheers the news that more money is coming to her district for illegal aliens magically transformed into refugees.What she won t understand until it is too late, is that the arrival of thousands of refugees in Michigan will squeeze Americans, especially the African Americans, at the bottom rung of the pay scale. Michigan is in the top five states receiving refugees and yet they are adding alien children into the mix.But, what the heck, even as states increase poverty, these  church  groups have to make a living!From the Detroit Free Press:WASHINGTON   The Obama administration has awarded a Michigan social services group $2.2 million to house unaccompanied immigrant children, U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence announced today. US Rep Brenda Lawrence is happy that the Lutherans are flooding Michigan with refugees and alien children. It was not immediately known how many children would receive or had received residential services under the grant to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan or whether any other groups were receiving grants in the state as well.No surprise! No one will return calls!Calls and emails to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan and the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, from the Free Press seeking more information were not immediately returned.According to data on the ORR s website, only 235 unaccompanied immigrant children had been placed in Michigan in the last two years, far less than the number placed in neighboring states including Ohio. [I wonder if the new grant is in anticipation of Michigan getting more of the UACs ed]Some 63,000 undocumented children have been placed throughout the U.S. in the last two years, the ORR s website said.In announcing the grant, Lawrence, D-Southfield, said the grant assists unaccompanied minors who  seek relief from the violence and poverty that threatens their very existence in their home countries. They can hardly be described as being faith-based while living off of taxpayer boodle! Doesn t sound like Christian charity to me! Lutheran Social Services truly lives up to their faith-based mission statement to serve the people most in need of help and I am proud to see them receive this substantial federal grant,  she said, adding that she believes it also time for Congress to address comprehensive immigration reform.Lutheran Social Services of Michigan is the largest refugee resettlement agency in the state, Lawrence said, providing thousands of families from dozens of countries.So, it is the Lutherans resettling most of the Muslim refugees to Michigan?Other of the nine major contractors are also busy overloading Michigan, go here to see the handy list of subcontractors/contractors working in Michigan and your state too!For new readers, for years we have covered the  unaccompanied minors  (one of the government s original names for the youths illegally crossing the border). Click here for all of our previous posts.The US Conference of Catholic Bishops and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service were the two  big dogs  doing the  resettlement  of the children (Obama s new refugees) until two other federal contractors eclipsed them. Grant recipients Baptist Child and Family Services and Southwest Key Programs are now on the scene devouring federal cash as well.",0
17360,"DESPERATE TO STOP THE FLOW OF MUSLIM REFUGEES INTO SWEDEN, Swedish Citizens Devise A Controversial Scheme","The liberals find this plan to be disgusting until their neighborhoods become the next victim of violent muslim immigrant gangs of course Anti-immigration campaigners in Gullberg in southern Sweden are plotting to build a pig farm next to an asylum centre in a last-ditch effort to deter would-be Muslim immigrants, who might find the animals offensive.More illegal immigrants on the run in Sweden (03 May 15) Swedish Syrian warms hearts over phone return (08 Apr 15)  It was a long journey and some of my friends died  (30 Mar 15)Plans for a new immigration centre in Gullberg have already been strongly opposed by local residents and on Wednesday it was reported that a group of campaigners had sent a letter to the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) pledging to breed pigs nearby in order to deter Muslims from seeking asylum in the town.The note, signed by what described itself as the  interest group for Gullberg s survival  said that it was trying to create a  probably impossible situation for some religious people, especially Muslims , according to Sveriges Radio.Local politician Henry Sandahl from Sweden s Countryside Party (Markbygdspartiet) told the broadcaster that he agreed with the sentiment of the letter. You know that Muslims are not friends with pigs,  he said.But Swedish religious experts have been quick to criticize the campaigners. This is nonsense and shows just how very little they know about Islam,  said  ke Sander, Professor of Psychology at the University of Gothenburg. It is one thing when Muslims try to stay away from pork, alcohol or gambling but there is nothing [in the Koran] that says you cannot be near pigs. This is a last-ditch effort when they [the campaigners] have no arguments left,  he told the TT news agency.Others turned to social media to voice their disgust at the campaign.Carl G ransson, a lawyer and former Moderate party politician suggested on Twitter that building  a gigantic rubbish dump  next to the asylum centre instead, designed to blow smelly winds in the direction of the angry residents. Monstrous  and a  total fail , wrote Johan Arenius, a political press secretary for the Christian Democrat party based in  rebro in central Sweden.Sweden became the first European country in 2013 to grant automatic residency to Syrian refugees and has since seen asylum requests rise to record levels, which are still expected to reach about 90,000 in 2015.To cope with an increasing flow of refugees, the Swedish Migration Board announced in March that it was more than tripling the maximum number of residents allowed at asylum centres from 200 to 650.Via: The Local seh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
17361,READY FOR FINANCIAL CRISIS ROUND TWO? HOW CRONY CAPITALISM AND CENTRAL PLANNING HAVE DRAINED US,"This is the definition of insanity-doing the same thing over and over. We just need a Congress strong enough to stop the madness.For over 30 years, sovereign nations, particularly in the West have been buying votes by offering social payments in the form of welfare.The ridiculousness of this should not be lost on anyone. Politicians, in order to be elected, promise to allocate taxpayer funds on social programs that will benefit said taxpayers down the road (we re simply talking about social spending, not infrastructure or other costs).The concept that taxpayers might simply just keep the money to begin with never enters the equation. And because everyone believes that they are somehow spending someone else s money, they play along.When you believe that you are spending someone else s money, it s very easy to write a blank check, which is precisely what Western nations have been doing for years, promising everyone a safe and secure retirement without ever bothering to see where the money would come from.When actual bills came due to fund this stuff, Governments quickly discovered that current tax revenues couldn t cover it  so they issued sovereign debt to make up the difference.And so the bond bubble was created.The large banks, that have a monopoly on managing sovereign debt auctions, were only too happy to play along with this. The reasons are as follows:1) They can use these alleged  risk-free  assets as collateral to backstop tens of trillions worth of derivatives trades. A $1 million investment in your typical US Treasury can backstop over $15 million worth of derivatives if not more. The profits from the derivatives markets remains a primary source of revenue for the banks.2) Sovereign Governments are only too happy to bail out the big banks if the stuff ever hits the fan on the trades that are backstopped by the sovereign debt (see 2006 onwards). Since the banks are the ones holding the sovereign debt, they can always threaten to dump bonds, which would render the whole social welfare Ponzi bankrupt (see what happened in Europe when sovereign bonds collapsed in 2011-2012).3) In a debt-based financial system such as the current one, sovereign bonds are the senior most assets in the system. Those who own these in bulk are at the top of the financial food chain in terms of financial, economic, and political clout.Since it was rarely if ever a problem to issue sovereign debt, Governments kept promising future payments that they didn t have until we reach today: the point at which most Western nations are sporting Debt to GDP ratios well north of 300% when you consider unfunded liabilities (the social spending programs mentioned earlier).Now, cutting social spending is usually considered political suicide (after all, the voters put you in office in the first place based on you promising to pay them welfare payments down the road). So rather than default on the social contract made with voters, the political class will simply push to issue MORE debt to finance old debt that is coming due.The US did precisely this in the fourth quarter of 2014, issuing over $1 trillion in new debt simply to pay back old debt that was coming due.Read more: Zero Hedge",0
17362,(VIDEO)MILWAUKEE SHERIFF DAVID CLARKE HAMMERS BALTIMORE PROSECUTOR, ,0
17363,WATCH HER SKI! AMERICAN TAXPAYERS ON THE HOOK FOR ASPEN TRIP BY FIRST LADY,"WOULDN T YOU LIKE TO KNOW THE GRAND TOTAL AND NOT JUST THE TRANSPORTATION EXPENSES ALONE?First Lady s round-trip flight to Aspen, Colorado, with her daughters cost taxpayers $7,712 an hour(Washington, DC)   Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Michelle Obama s weekend trip to Aspen, Colorado, in February cost American taxpayers $57,068.80 in travel expenses alone for the 7.4-hour round-trip flight. While President Obama flew to California to play golf, speak at a cyber-security summit, and headline a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee, the First Lady and her daughters spent Valentine s Day weekend skiing in Aspen, returning to the White House on February 16.Judicial Watch obtained the Air Force records in response to a February 18, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking the following:According to the newly released records, the transportation costs for the four-day trip to Aspen were based on a flight cost of $7,712 an hour for the First Lady, her daughters, and support personnel in the Gulfstream aircraft. Not included were the attendant costs for U.S. Secret Service personnel, accommodations, meals, rental cars, lift tickets for skiing at Buttermilk, and related expenses. The $57,068.80 tab Mrs. Obama her daughters ran up in travel expenses alone for their weekend trip is more than 14 times what the average American of four spends for an entire week-long vacation.The ski trip was apparently intended to be low-key, and it may have stayed under the radar had it not been for the Obama s motorcade having been forced to stop for a two-car collision ahead of them, which closed the road for 40 minutes. Though the Obamas had been allowed to  sneak through while they waited on tow trucks,  according to Aspen Police Chief Brian Olsen, the presence of the First Lady was noticed. The Obama family reportedly stayed at the home of Jim and Paula Crown, a Chicago couple who have been major campaign contributors to President Obama throughout his political career.Barack and Michelle Obama and other members of their family have traveled more during his presidency than any other first couple, including extensive and costly trips to Spain, Africa, South America, and China, accompanied by staff and often by friends.Including the Aspen trip, government records indicate that the beyond-first-class travel of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden have cost the American people well over $56 million.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
17364,LYING WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: “OBAMA HAS SCRATCHED AND CLAWED FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS”,"It s interesting that Josh Earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class Americans know is a lie. He is, after all,  the chief propagandist for Obama so lying is what he does professionally. The truth is, Obama s presidency has been horrific for the middle class but great for the uber wealthy. Once again, they re counting on the American people to buy the line of bs and propaganda instead of looking at facts One moment of unintended   and unnoticed   levity occurred near the end of the White House briefing Tuesday, when White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest claimed that President Obama has been  a president of the United States that for the last six and a half years has scratched and clawed to protect the interests of middle-class families all across the country. Not sure about who or what he has scratched and clawed. Because the markings are difficult to discern.The White House is careful to dress up its policies as  middle class economics.  Because the middle class is where the votes are. But the Obama presidency is not about the middle class.You can agree or disagree with Obama s methods and policies. But his chief enthusiasm has been helping the lower classes by expanding the welfare state and regulating businesses. The middle class stuff is camouflage for the real agenda.The proof is in the pudding. Here s the pudding.According to Reuters:Barack Obama enters the final two years of his presidency with a blemish on his legacy that looks impossible to erase: the decline of the middle class he has promised to rescue.Federal Reserve survey data show families in the middle fifth of the income scale now earn less and their net worth is lower than when Obama took office. In the six years through 2013, over the recession and recovery that have spanned Obama s tenure, jobs have been added at the top and bottom of the wage scale, a Reuters analysis of labor statistics shows. In the middle, the economy has shed positions   whether in traditional trades like machining or electrical work, white-collar jobs in human resources, or technical ones like computer operators.Between 2010 and 2013, as recovery took hold and stock markets soared, the average net worth of families in the top 40 percent of income earners grew. For all others average net worth shrank, declining 19 percent for the middle fifth.These results stem from specific policies. Obama s chief domestic initiative, Obamacare, is not a middle class program. It s an effort to get health insurance to the lower class, including a massive expansion of Medicaid. Expanding health insurance is a good goal, but the way he has done it involves turning insurers effectively into wards of the state and raising the price and lowering the quality of healthcare for everyone else.Among his other battle cries are raising the minimum wage and legalizing illegal immigrants. He pushed and signed legislation containing massive new regulations on the banks, wants to regulate carbon emissions by fiat, and has enlarged the government s share of the economy while running up trillions in debt.Meantime the WEALTHY have benefited during Obama s tenure for the zero-interest rate Fed policies needed to keep the economy afloat in the absence of any serious presidential leadership on expanding the economy. The low rates have grandly goosed everyone s stock portfolios and made the rich richer.These things he scratches and claws for. Not private sector expansion and business-friendly policies that would promote middle class expansion.And the results speak for themselves.Via: White House Dossier",0
17365,BREAKING: FEDERAL COURT RULES ON NSA’S WARRANTLESS COLLECTION OF DATA…,"Another positive step towards restoring our freedoms A federal court has decided that the National Security Agency s (NSA) bulk, warrantless collection of millions of Americans  phone records is illegal.The decision from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday represents the second major court victory for opponents of the NSA, after a lower court decision called the program nearly unconstitutional six months ago.The phone records program  exceeds the scope of what Congress has authorized,  Judge Gerard Lynch wrote on behalf of the three-judge panel. The court did not examine the constitutionality of the surveillance program.Via: The Hill",0
17366,WAR ON CHRISTMAS: FEDS TO REGULATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS,"Bah, Humbug!  Manufacturers and retailers can face civil and  possibly criminal penalties  for failing to report any products to the CPSC that do not meet the regulation s requirements. The best time to wage the War on Christmas isn t in December, when regular Americans have their defenses up. A better time is now, and the best way to do it is through faceless, unaccountable federal bureaucracies   for our own safety, of course:The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) issued a regulation for Christmas lights on Monday, deeming some holiday decorations a  substantial product hazard. The Consumer Product Safety Commission   is issuing a final rule to specify that seasonal and decorative lighting products that do not contain any one of three readily observable characteristics (minimum wire size, sufficient strain relief, or overcurrent protection), as addressed in a voluntary standard, are deemed a substantial product hazard under the Consumer Product Safety Act ( CPSA ),  the final rule said.The ruling applies to a variety of Christmas decorations, including  stars, wreathes, candles without shades, light sculptures, blow-molded (plastic) figures, and animated figures. However,  solar-powered products  are exempt.They will probably also make exceptions for lights powered by windmills, and any holiday lights put up to honor Martin Luther King Day.This is typical:The rule is listed as a  voluntary standard.  However, manufacturers and retailers can face civil and  possibly criminal penalties  for failing to report any products to the CPSC that do not meet the regulation s requirements.Ours is the ultimate soft tyranny. When we get to the point where people are sent to gulags because their neighbors turned them in for celebrating Christmas, no doubt it will be voluntary, like paying taxes.Via: moonbattery",0
17367,IS JADE HELM 15 REALLY ABOUT MARTIAL LAW? Texas Ranger Relays What He Saw Inside Military Trains,"Chuck Norris wrote about Jade Helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website WND last weekend, pointing to the decision of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to have the Texas State Guard monitor the Pentagon s Jade Helm 15 military ops as evidence that the operations as a potential threat to the state s sovereignty.  Governor Abbott wrote:  During the training operation, it is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed.  And Abbott is demanding  regular updates on the progress and safety of the Operation. Norris fanned the conspiracy flames by writing:  Concerned Texans and Americans are in no way calling into question our brave and courageous men and women in uniform. They are merely following orders. What s under question are those who are pulling the strings at the top of Jade Helm 15 back in Washington. The US government says,  It s just a training exercise.  But I m not sure the term  just  has any reference to reality when the government uses it. A covert training operation by U.S. military special operations personnel, Jade Helm 15, is taking place in a several states this summer, spreading panic and conspiracy theories as to the true purpose of the mission.The two-month simulation spans much of the Southwest, requiring special forces from four branches of the military to carry out covert operations amid  hostile  territory in Texas, Utah and part of California.In at least one of those states, hostility toward the operation has begun a few months early. Online and at in-person meetings, many Texans have expressed suspicion and outright opposition to the project. Some are understandably worried about how it ll affect their daily lives, while conspiracy theorists claim it s an attempt to institute martial law.The military says that they are merely preforming training exercises to help hone soldiers  skills in the event they face a foreign threat, but some citizens are worried that planners have something more domestic in mind.Events for the exercise are outlined in a map among unclassified documents posted online last month. Army sources have verified to The Washington Post that the map is legitimate.Many have speculated that the American government isn t far from declaring martial law, an idea only bolstered by these training exercises.In an anonymous email sent to Dave Hodges at The Common Sense Show, a self-described Texas Ranger said that train cars outfitted with prison-type shackles have been moving about Texas. While he added that the Department of Homeland Security claimed the train cars were for transporting captured terrorists, he was apparently reluctant to believe them. He wrote: We have been told by Homeland that these trains are slated for transporting captured terrorists, non-domestic. We are not sure we can trust this explanation because Homeland is keeping a lot from us and we are growing increasingly uncomfortable with their presence in Texas.  The paranoia about Jade Helm, which started on websites like Alex Jones s InfoWars, had started with familiar fulmination about a mass seizure of firearms or a cover-up for American  death squads. This week, Texas Governor Greg Abbott asked the Texas state guard to monitor the exercise for any violations of freedom.  It is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed,  said the governor.Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said Saturday that he d been hearing concerns about Jade Helm 15, and reached out to the Pentagon for answers. My office has reached out to the Pentagon to inquire about this exercise. We are assured it is a military training exercise. I have no reason to doubt those assurances, but I understand the reason for concern and uncertainty, because when the federal government has not demonstrated itself to be trustworthy in this administration, the natural consequence is that many citizens don t trust what it is saying.  The Texas Senator, speaking at the South Carolina Republican Convention went on to say: I understand a lot of the concerns raised by a lot of citizens about Jade Helm. And I think part of the reason is we have seen, for six years, a federal government disrespecting the liberty of the citizens. That produces fear, when you see a government that is attacking our free speech rights, or Second Amendment rights, or religious liberty rights. That produces distrust.   Just because you re paranoid,  said Cruz,  doesn t mean they re not out to get you. Via: TPNN",0
17368,[VIDEO] BALTIMORE MAYOR TO POLICE: “Let them loot…it’s only property” Police Demoralized After Being Unable To Respond To 9-11 Calls From Terrorized Business Owners,"The radical Baltimore mayor who ordered the Baltimore Police Department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the Baltimore Police Department. What about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? Are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?Baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after April s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. Many cops feel  demoralized, hung out to dry and abandoned,  Fox News  Leland Vittert reported on  Hannity  Monday. There s a sentiment here of  why bother showing up?  Vittert added. Vittert was on the scene at what used to be  ground zero  for the rioting and said he had not seen a single police car during the time he was there. The area is known for drug dealings and gang activity, according to Vittert. Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said more than 200 businesses were destroyed in the riots, Fox reported.  So this was your life savings you put into this?  Vittert asked a business owner whose property was destroyed. Exactly, exactly,  the business owner said. He added that his life s work was demolished in 30 minutes by looters and vandals resulting in more than $30,000 worth of damage. Vitter talked to a pharmacy owner who said 99 percent of his store s shelves were ransacked and fears the prescription drugs are now out on the streets.  There were dozens of businesses that were looted, and what was stunning to the business owners themselves is as the looting was going on, they were calling 911,  Vittert said. And, as we have reported, the police did nothing because they had an order from the mayor to  let them loot. It s only property.  Business owners are now faced with the difficult decision of whether to rebuild as they worry they will not be protected from future crime and violence.Via: BizPacReview",0
17369,OBAMA’S FEDERALIZATION OF POLICE FORCE? BALTIMORE MAYOR CALLS FOR “BOLD POLICING REFORMS” AND DOJ INVESTIGATION,"I just happened to go to the Baltimore mayor s Facebook page and saw this telling statement: Had a very productive meeting today with Attorney General Loretta Lynch. I reiterated my commitment to working with the Department of Justice for bold policing reforms in Baltimore. BOLD POLICING REFORMS??? You could make the police force perfect and there would still remain the REAL problem in Baltimore. We don t want to talk about what s REALLY wrong with Baltimore Baltimore s mayor announced Wednesday that she had asked the Department of Justice to investigate whether the city s police department has acted unconstitutionally. Throughout my administration, we have taken a number of steps to change the culture and practices of the Baltimore Police Department,  Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake (D) said. Despite this progress, we all know that Baltimore continues to have a fractured relationship between the police and the community. The announcement comes one day after new Attorney General Loretta Lynch visited the city and met with Rawlings-Blake.Via: The Hill",0
17370,HOW A SINGLE FEDERAL BUREAUCRAT OPENED THE DOOR TO LET FOREIGNERS VOTE,"Meet Alice Miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of America by letting non-citizens vote. I guess voter integrity only applies to some .The Supreme Court has been asked to allow Kansas and Arizona to verify that only United States citizens are registering to vote in those states. Unfortunately, a single federal bureaucrat refused to allow the two states to weed out non-citizens trying to register to vote.Meet Alice Miller, the acting executive director of the Election Assistance Commission. Miller alone, from her inside-the-Beltway office, refused to amend the Kansas and Arizona version of a federal voter registration form to include state laws requiring proof of citizenship. Backed by a swarm of left-wing groups, Miller, by herself, made it easier for foreigners to vote in Kansas and Arizona.You might wonder how a single federal bureaucrat could have so much power over how elections are run in Kansas and Arizona. Federal law, commonly known as Motor Voter, requires states to accept a form drawn up by the Election Assistance Commission to register voters in their state. But states can ask the Election Assistance Commission (EAC) to revise the version for their state to include state qualification laws. In Kansas and Arizona, registrants must establish that they are citizens to be qualified to register. When Kansas and Arizona asked the EAC to print new forms with those state law requirements, Miller refused.Kansas and Arizona sued, and a federal court ordered the EAC to reprint the forms. However, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and held that Miller had the power to deny Kansas and Arizona new forms.The Supreme Court has been asked to take the case, a case which implicates both the integrity of American elections as well as the reach of federal bureaucrats.Normally, the commissioners at the EAC decide what versions of a form the states can use, but the EAC lacked a quorum. Into this vacuum swept Miller.The Public Interest Legal Foundation has filed an amicus brief for the American Civil Rights Union with the Supreme Court. The brief asks the Court to take the case and to restore the constitutional balance which Miller has disrupted.Read more: pj media",0
17371,RADICAL LEFTIST WHO DISMISSED CHARGES AGAINST MUSLIM TERRORIST SHOOTER IS POTENTIAL SUPREME COURT NOMINEE,"We re not sure which of Judge Mary Murguia s qualifications for becoming a U.S. Supreme Court Justice would be more attractive to Obama. Could it be the fact that she, like Barack Obama can claim she is responsible for dismissing charges against a terrorist?  Perhaps her it s her sister s connection as a leader of La Raza, a government funded, radical activist group fighting to defend amnesty in America. Knowing Barry, it s likely both.The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judge who previously dismissed terror charges against one of the Garland, Texas shooters has a connection to the controversial activist group, National Council of La Raza.Judge Mary Murguia, appointed by President Clinton and considered a potential nominee to the Supreme Court by President Obama, was the judge who dismissed government charges against Elton Simpson for suspected terrorism in 2011. On Sunday, Simpson attacked a free speech event in Garland, Texas depicting the Prophet Muhammad in cartoons.Daniel Greenfield cites evidence from the 2011 case:The FBI knew that Elton Simpson, one of the Garland Jihadists, was a threat and had attempted to lock him up after amassing evidence that he intended to go to Somalia as a terrorist. They had him on tape stating  that Allah loves an individual who is  out there fighting [non-Muslims]  and  If you get shot, or you get killed, it s [heaven] straight away.  Mr. Simpson then said  [Heaven] that s what we here for so why not take that route? Judge Murguia held then that the government was unable to prove Simpson mentioned violent jihad in his reasoning for traveling to Somalia.  That phrase is one made up by the Government, likely because it is aware that jihad in the Muslim religion does not necessarily imply violence,  she said, noted Greenfield.However, the LA Times previously noted that Judge Murguria s twin sister Janet Murguia leads a controversial group known as National Council of La Raza, which has been criticized as a racist hate group. It is the nation s largest Latino civil rights activist organization. La Raza is closely linked to the Obama Administration s amnesty efforts.Human Events, a conservative blog, previously reported that the mainstream media views La Raza  no more than a Hispanic Rotary Club.  But La Raza collected roughly $15.2 million in federal grants in 2005. Human Events also reported that undisclosed amounts of that money were used in  get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. La Raza has been added to congressional hearings and  an anonymous senator even gave the Council of La Raza an extra $4 million in earmarked taxpayer money, supposedly for  housing reform,  according to Human Events. Moreover, Judge Murguria s brother, Carlos Murguria, helped coordinate the Immigration Amnesty Program prior to Clinton nominating him also for a judgeship, according to Front Page Magazine.Via: Bretibart News",0
17372,(VIDEO) OBAMA ON LETTERMAN: “WE IGNORE POCKETS OF POVERTY” BUT OBAMA’S STIMULUS GAVE $1.8 BILLION TO BALTIMORE,"The stats don t lie on this one Obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches Letterman and will buy this bs. The stimulus under Obama gave BILLIONS for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? As a taxpaying American I am 100% FED Up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. We DO NOT ignore pockets of poverty but I would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. It s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. We ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. The latest case was ironically in Baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. Downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. No consequences breeds chaos President Obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty, lack of opportunity, lack of education  on Monday s  Late Show  on CBS.Obama said,  it s important that now that charges have been brought in Baltimore, that we let due process play itself out. Those officers who have been charged, they deserve, to be represented, and to let the legal system work its way through. We don t have all the facts yet, and that that s going to be presented in a court of law. I think it s also really important to remember that the overwhelming number of police officers are doing an outstanding job, we re in New York, today,   we re in New York today, where a young officer lost his life doing his job, and families of officers all across the country every day, they re wondering  is my loved one going to come home?  And so they ve got a really tough job. He continued,  what we also know, though, is that for far too long, for decades, you have a situation in which too many communities don t have a relationship of trust with the police, and if you just have a handful of police who are not doing the right thing, that makes the job tougher for all the other police officers out there. It creates an environment in the community where they feel as if, rather than being protected and served, they re the targets of arbitrary arrests or stops, and so our job has to be to rebuild trust, and we put forward a task force made up of police officers, but also young activists who have been protesting in Ferguson, or here in New York. They came up with some terrific recommendations about collecting data on what happens when there s a shooting involving police, what are we doing in terms of things like body cameras, and so there s some very practical, concrete things we can do to make the system work better. Read more: Breitbart",0
17373,BLACK REPUBLICAN AND BRILLIANT NEUROSURGEON ANNOUNCES RUN FOR PREZ: Huffington Post Places Story Next To Story About Dog Living In Tree Trunk, ,0
17374,BREAKING: BALTIMORE GOT BUCKET LOADS OF MONEY FROM OBAMA’S STIMULUS…YOU REALLY WON’T BELIEVE HOW MUCH!,"Holy smokes! That s billion with a B! Where did all the money go?! Hummmm The city of Baltimore received over $1.8 billion from President Barack Obama s stimulus law, including $467.1 million to invest in education and $26.5 million for crime prevention.President Obama claimed last Tuesday that if the Republican-controlled Congress would implement his policies to make  massive investments in urban communities,  they could  make a difference right now  in the city, currently in upheaval following the death of Freddie Gray.However, a Washington Free Beacon analysis found that the Obama administration and Democratically-controlled Congress did make a  massive  investment into Baltimore, appropriating $1,831,768,487 though the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA), commonly known as the stimulus.According to Recovery.gov, one of Baltimore s central ZIP codes, 21201, received the most stimulus funding in the city, a total of $837,955,866. The amount included funding for 276 awards, and the website reports that the spending had created 290 jobs in the fourth quarter in 2013.Of this amount, $467.1 million went to education; $206.1 million to the environment; $24 million to  family ; $16.1 million to infrastructure; $15.2 million to transportation; $11.9 million to housing; and $3.1 million to job training.ZIP code 21202 received $425,170,937, including a $136 million grant to  improve teaching and learning for students most at risk of failing to meet State academic achievement standards. Twenty-nine other ZIP codes listed in Baltimore city received a total of $568,641,684.The Free Beacon calculated the total amount of stimulus funds disbursed to all ZIP codes in Baltimore City, as reported on the stimulus website Recovery.gov. The analysis includes the totals of awards to prime recipients in Baltimore, plus sub-recipient awards to Baltimore organizations and companies that conducted stimulus projects located outside the city.The projects included $26.5 million from the Justice Department (DOJ) to combat gang activity and provide community support for at-risk juveniles. The State of MD Governor s Office of Crime Control & Prevention (GOCCP) goals and objectives of this project are to create and retain jobs to bolster Maryland s faltering economy, and make resources available to law enforcement and other public safety agencies to help protect Maryland citizens,  the project s description states.Read more: WFB",0
17375,(VIDEO)INCREDIBLE ACCOUNT FROM SHERIFF MICHAEL LEWIS ON STAND DOWN ORDER DURING BALTIMORE RIOTS, ,0
17376,OBAMACARE TAKING DOWN MORE RURAL HOSPITALS,"Let s face it Obamacare s been a disaster from Day 1. The closing if rural hospitals is the latest issue and it s a big one for those who ll need to travel farther to get medical help.The AP has noticed something. Rural hospitals seem to be closing. Now, what has happened to the American health care system in recent years that might help explain that? Hmmm .From The AP via ABC (with some honest commentary mixed in): Sac-Osage is one of a growing number of rural U.S. hospitals closing their doors, citing a complex combination of changing demographics, medical practices, management decisions and federal policies that have put more financial pressure on facilities that sometimes average only a few in-patients a day.  Most of the rural hospital closures so far have occurred in the South and Midwest. Of those at risk,nearly 70 percent are in states that have declined to expand Medicaid coverage under the federal Affordable Care Act, although some experts are hesitant to draw a cause-and-effect correlation.At first, the AP tries to blame the closures on the conservative states that decided not to expand medicaid coverage (in spite of Obamacare s explicit instructions), but then admits that this is likely correlation without causation. They don t expound on it, but the obvious reason for the 70% figure is that, generally speaking, the more rural a state is, the more conservative it is, and therefore, the more likely it is to have a governor who opposes Obamacare enough to refrain from expanding medicaid.After all, that was the point (Are you listening, SCOTUS?). Even the AP could see that one a mile a way.Big city hospitals have been closing at about the same rate as rural ones during the past five years, but an abundance of alternatives in most major metropolitan areas typically reduces the effect on patients. When a rural hospital closes, people may have to travel dozens of miles to reach the nearest hospital, an inconvenience that potentially is a matter of life or death.They (briefly) admit that rural hospitals are closing at roughly the same rate as urban hospitals. Isn t this strong evidence that there might be another reason for the closings? What do rural hospitals and urban hospitals have in common? (hint: Obamacare) Declining populations and stagnant economies make it hard on rural hospitals. Rural areas tend to  have older, poorer, sicker populations,  said Michael Topchik, senior vice president of iVantage.That means they often have a higher percentage of patients covered by Medicare and Medicaid, a pair of government health care programs that pay a lower reimbursement rate than private-sector insurers. Hospitals that rely heavily on those government programs have been particularly hard hit by federal budget cuts and provisions in the 2010 federal health care law that reduced charity care reimbursements and changed other payment criteria.Oh this section is pure gold (and, of course, it all appears on page 2). Not only does the AP admit that part of the problem is that the economy is stagnant, they admit that the closings are, in large part, specifically due to the low rates Medicare and Medicaid pay. And to make it worse, they note that the government is reducing the amount of charity care  reimbursements that go to these hospitals.Obamacare is a disaster REPEAL!Via: Poor Richard s",0
17377,(VIDEO) ALAN DERSHOWITZ – SAD DAY FOR JUSTICE – BALTIMORE PROSECUTOR OVERCHARGED AND IDENTIFIED WITH PROTESTERS," You re At Forefront Of This Cause And As Young People, Our Time Is Now    PROSECUTER MALTBY",0
17378,STATE’S ATTORNEY LIED: BALTIMORE POLICE HAD PROBABLE CAUSE DUE TO A WARRANT FOR GRAY’S ARREST,Marilyn Mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest Freddie Gray. That s a lie  Freddie Gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so Baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.,0
17379,BALTIMORE POLICE UNION WANTS AN INDEPENDANT PROSECUTOR: MOSBY HAS CONNECTIONS TO FREDDIE GRAY FAMILY,"The Police Union came out almost immediately after the Mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the Freddie Gray Case. They are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of Mr. Gray.Fraternal Order of Police lodge is asking Baltimore State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the Freddie Gray investigation because of her personal connection to the Gray family s attorney, William H.  Billy  Murphy Jr., and her marriage to a city councilman. Not one of the officers involved in this tragic situation left home in the morning with the anticipation that someone with whom they interacted would not go home that night,  the letter states.  As tragic as this situation is, none of the officers involved are responsible for the death of Mr. Gray. Ryan requests that Mosby appoint a  Special Independent Prosecutor. I have very deep concerns about the many conflicts of interest presented by your office conducting an investigation in this case,  the letter states. These conflicts include your personal and professional relations with Gray family attorney, William Murphy, and the lead prosecutor s connections with members of the local media,  the letter states.  Based on several nationally televised interviews, these reporters are likely to be witnesses in any potential litigation regarding this incident. Via: Baltimore Sun",0
17380,GUESS WHERE THE BALTIMORE SCHOOL SYSTEM RANKS AMONG THE NATION’S 100 LARGEST SCHOOL DISTRICTS?,"Holy smokes! Could someone tell Obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the Baltimore school system. I think they need to point the finger somewhere else The Baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011, according to data released Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau.The city s $15,483 per-pupil expenditure was second to New York City s $19,770. Rounding out the top five were Montgomery County, which spent $15,421; Milwaukee public schools at $14,244; and Prince George s County public schools, which spent $13,775.The Census Bureau also noted the first decrease in per-pupil spending nationally since 1977, the year the figures were first tracked.The per-pupil expenditures were calculated based on taking the districts  current spending on day-to-day operations and deducting payments to charter schools and capital funding. The remaining money was divided by the number of students enrolled in traditional schools. The amounts were not adjusted for inflation.Baltimore schools CEO Andr s Alonso said the city s total could have reflected large infusions of cash to the district, including millions in federal stimulus dollars and federal Race to the Top funds.He also credited state lawmakers for maintaining funding. As many states pulled back on spending, with many districts losing funding, Maryland held the line on education, which is why you see three districts at or near the top,  he said.On Monday, the school board passed a $1.2 billion budget that includes per-pupil funding of $5,190. That amount is different from what the Census Bureau reported because the school system takes out other expenses, such as transportation costs and special-education services, before allocating money to individual schools. In addition, the school system provides extra funding for certain groups of students, such as those in special education and dropout-prevention programs.Via: Baltimore Sun",0
17381,THIS IS RICH! COMMIE NYC MAYOR UNLEASHES CLASS WAR ON SCOTT WALKER FROM SWANKY PRIVATE CLUB,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio traveled to Milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking Scott Walker and the wealthy. Governor Walker is part of a dangerous breed of Republicans, a group actively working to dismantle the foundation for middle-class life. Now listen,  he told attendees, according to the transcript,  I m not saying Scott Walker set out to destroy Wisconsin s middle class. But if that were his mission, I can t think of a (darn) thing he d had done differently! It s no wonder why the latest polls show Governor Walker s approval sinking to new lows. The people of Wisconsin can see beyond his pleasant smile and reassuring words. He tries to play the everyman   then he stabs the everyman in the back. Mayor de Blasio s event was held at the exclusive and private Milwaukee Athletic Club (pictured above). According to Orbitz:The Milwaukee Athletic Club is a private city club located in the heart of downtown Milwaukee .Built in 1917, the historic club sits on the corner of Broadway and Mason streets. The 12 floors house 17 meeting rooms including the stunning Grand Ballroom, restaurants, bars, 60 hotel rooms, separate athletic facilities for men and women, co-ed fitness studio, pilates studio, yoga studio and babysitting room Swanky!Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
17382,"BREAKING: CHARITY FAILED TO REVEAL 1,100 DONORS TO THE CLINTON FOUNDATION","More and more dirt on these two grifters who re shockingly still denying the truth or saying nothing to defend themselves. They have pocketed most of the donations with only 15 cents of every dollar donated going to charity. And now this  A charity affiliated with the Clinton Foundation failed to reveal the identities of its 1,100 donors, creating a broad exception to the foundation s promise to disclose funding sources as part of an ethics agreement with the Obama administration.The number of undisclosed contributors to the charity, the Canada-based Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, signals a larger zone of secrecy around foundation donors than was previously known.Details of the organization s fundraising were disclosed this week by a spokeswoman for the Canadian group s founder, mining magnate Frank Giustra.The Canadian group has received attention in recent days as a potential avenue for anonymous Clinton Foundation donations from foreign business executives, including some who had interests before the U.S. government while Hillary Rodham Clinton was secretary of state.The partnership, named in part for Bill Clinton, sends much of its money to the New York-based Clinton Foundation. Two of the partnership s known donors   Giustra and another mining executive, Ian Telfer   are featured in the soon-to-be-released book  Clinton Cash  for their roles in a series of deals that resulted in Russia controlling many uranium deposits around the world and in the United States.With the foundation s finances emerging as an issue for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, a foundation official this week defended the arrangement with the Giustra group, noting in a blog post that Canadian law prevents charities in that country from disclosing their donors without the donors  permission.The Canadian partnership has in recent days begun to reach out to its 28 largest donors, each of whom gave donations equivalent to at least $250,000 in U.S. dollars, to seek permission to release their names, said a person familiar with the foundation, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.The large number of undisclosed supporters of a Clinton-affiliated charity raises new questions about the foundation s adherence to the 2008 ethics agreement it struck with the Obama administration, which was designed to avoid conflicts of interest during Hillary Clinton s tenure at the State Department.Read more: WaPo",0
17383,"GANGSTA GOV ATTEMPTS SHAKEDOWN OF GIANT MORTGAGE COMPANY, Quicken Loans…Owner Stands His Ground","Quicken Loans owner, Dan Gilbert is one of the most beloved business owners in the state of MI. Their headquarters are located in the city of Detroit (where people in the suburbs don t typically travel unless they have to). Owner, Dan Gilbert gives back to the city of Detroit and to its residents in a huge way, not the least of which is employing over 7,000 people in their Detroit offices. In 2014, Fortune Magazine named Quicken Loans a  Top 5 Place To Work  for the 11th straight year. When asked what made Quicken Loans such a great place to work, Fortune gave this answer: America s largest online-lending company offers cash incentives to its staff to move to downtown Detroit. According to Salary.com, mortgage bankers in Southeast Michigan average $50,000 a year, but those at Quicken earn $113,000. None of that matters to a corrupt government however, who has a history of shaking down banks. This time however, the goons in our Justice Department may have targeted the wrong business owner.Detroit s own Quicken Loans is the latest target of the Justice Department s shakedown of the nation s lenders.Justice s goons have been systematically extorting protection money from big banks and mortgage lenders, under the threat of federal fraud lawsuits and prison time for their executives.The department s modus operandi would be worthy of racketeering charges if carried out by civilian mobsters.First, the Obama administration whips up a blame-the-banks fervor after the financial collapse. Then, armed with federal fraud statutes adopted after the savings and loan meltdown in the 1980s, it scours the transactions of lenders to find hints of irregularities. It extrapolates from the skimpiest evidence a pattern of widespread abuse, and if needed, frightens insiders into coughing up creative accusations against their employers.With its  proof  in hand, Justice presents institutions with a choice   pay a large and painful fine to make the investigation go away, or try their luck at a jury trial in an environment in which the words  bankers  and  baby killers  register about the same revulsion.The nation s six largest banks have all crumbled, choosing to pay $136 billion in fines and admit their  wrongdoing  rather than get their legs broken.Quicken, owned by Dan Gilbert, has decided not to cower, at least for the moment. Instead of paying protection money, it filed a lawsuit to stop a three-year investigation. Thursday, the government responded by filing charges against Quicken, accusing it of submitting ineligible mortgages for FHA insurance.In its complaint, Quicken says Justice demanded a multi-billion dollar settlement based on a sampling of just 55 of the 246,000 loans issued. Defects, according to the lawsuit, include miscalculating a borrower s income by $17 and lending another $26 too much. In those meager mistakes, Justice sees systemic fraud.Trace evidence is all the Obama administration requires to put banks on the rack. To cinch a settlement, Justice adds the threat of criminal charges against individual executives.Quicken s lawsuit accuses the government of  investigating and pressuring large, high-profile lenders into paying nine- and 10-figure sums and publicly admitting wrongdoing, including conceding that the lenders had made false claims.  That s an exellent summary of Justice s racket.Requiring a public admission of wrongdoing, instead of allowing institutions to settle without acknowledging guilt, as is common practice, leaves open the possibility of future criminal action against executives, assuring that they don t squawk publicly.Gilbert is a different cat than Justice has crossed on Wall Street. Detroit street tough, he doesn t take to being bullied. Of course, the government has a lot of pressure points it can mash. Gilbert is in the gaming business, a highly regulated industry, and the administration is not above targeting his casinos.But I hope he hangs in there. This government has gone gangster, and unless someone takes a stand, it won t be just the big bankers who get pinched.Via: Nolan Finley, Detroit News",0
17384,[VIDEO] REP GOVERNOR WALKS AWAY FROM CNN “Journalist” After Lame Attempt To Blame Governor For Dem Mayor ‘s Disastrous Response To Baltimore Riots,"Republican Governor Larry Hogan waited for a call from leftist Democrat Mayor Rawlings-Blake. The call didn t come until the city had reached a boiling point and had entered into a full blown riot. Why do the Republicans always have to be the adults in the room? And why are conservatives always left to figure out ways to clean up the messes made by the left?  As Baltimore Burns the media begins the blame game. Last night pressing the Maryland Governor on why it took so long for the Maryland National Guard to be activated Governor Larry Hogan cuts right to the chase:  Within 30 seconds of receiving the call, I activated the National Guard .The delay stems from Baltimore Mayor Rawlings-Blake refusing to ask for assistance, and refusing to return phone calls from the Governors office. Start watching the video at 09:00 to see delivery:Governor Hogan is a Republican, Mayor Rawlings is a far-left liberal Democrat.After Governor Hogan arrived in Baltimore, CNN pundit Don Lemon tried to pin the blame on him in an effort to protect the more liberal Mayor Rawlings from her own ineptitude. Again Governor Hogan was having none of it.The liberal bias dripping from Don Lemon is ridiculous.Via: The Conservative Treehouse",0
17385,IRANIAN NAVY FIRES WARNING SHOTS ON AND SEIZES CARGO SHIP; U.S. NAVY SENDS DESTROYER,"Lots of confusing reports on this but we have the latest info. that s telling us more details.Iranian patrol vessels fired warning shots across the bridge of a Marshall Islands-flagged cargo vessel that was traversing the Strait of Hormuz in Iranian territorial waters, a Pentagon official said Tuesday.Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, said the cargo ship s master had initially refused an Iranian order to move further into Iranian waters, but after the warning shots were fired the MV Maersk Tigris complied.The cargo ship, which had more than 30 people aboard, was directed to waters near Larak Island, he said. It is inappropriate  for the Iranians to have fired warning shots across the ship s bridge in those circumstances, Warren said, adding that it was too early to know whether the Iranian intervention amounted to a violation of the freedom of navigation through a waterway heavily used by international shipping.Warren said the cargo ship has been boarded by Iranians, but no one has been injured and no Americans are involved. The Iranian vessels, numbering five or six, were with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy, he said.Warren said the cargo ship issued a distress call and U.S. Naval Forces Central Command, based in the area, sent a U.S. destroyer, the USS Farragut, and a Navy maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft to the area of the incident to monitor the situation.The incident began at about 4:05 a.m. U.S. Eastern Daylight Time, Warren said.The spokesman said the U.S. government has  certain obligations  to defend the interests of the Marshall Islands, but he was uncertain how those obligations apply in this situation.Read more: AP",0
17386,[VIDEO] FLASHBACK…MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. ON RIOTS: “We Can’t Win A Violent Revolution”,"Wouldn t it be great if our first  Black  President would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in Baltimore by and asking for calm? Is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a Community Organizer with an agenda? As long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression, then every city will sit on a powder keg and will explode over the slightest incident. This is why I have constantly said that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. After all, the negro ends up on the losing end. We can t win a violent revolution. The persons who end up not being able to get milk for their children are the negros, because things where they have to live are destroyed. Dr. King: Nonviolence is the Most Powerful Weapon  Violence creates more social problems than it solves. ",0
17387,(VIDEO) RIOTERS TAKE SELFIES WITH TORCHED POLICE CAR, ,0
17388,BREAKING VIDEO: BRICKS AND ROCKS HURLED AT POLICE BY TEENS (7 injured) IN BALTIMORE AS THEY PREPARE FOR A NIGHT OF MORE VIOLENCE,"High school kids out of control? Noooo! We ve been reporting of the huge groups of high school kids getting violent at malls and other places in towns across America. Basically they re organized riots There were reports of an organized riot, called  a purge,  to be carried out by students from three Baltimore high schools in the name of Freddie Gray and unrest over police brutality.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('eyJ1cGxvYWRfaWQiOiJleHByZXNzLTE0MzAxNjg0ODc4OTQiLCJ2aWRlb190eXBlIjoiMSIsInNyY19pbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwOi8vbWVkaWEyLmFiYzJuZXdzLmNvbS9waG90by8yMDE1LzA0LzI3LzE2eDkvTW9yZV92aW9sZW5jZV9pbl90aGVfc3RyZWV0c19vZl9CYWx0aW1vcl8yODc0NTgwMDAxXzE3NDE3Nzc0X3ZlcjEuMF82NDBfNDgwLmpwZyIsImRlZl90aXRsZSI6Ik1vcmUgdmlvbGVuY2UgaW4gdGhlIHN0cmVldHMgb2YgQmFsdGltb3JlIGJ5IE1vbmRhd21pbiBNYWxsIiwidGl0bGUiOiJNb3JlIHZpb2xlbmNlIGluIHRoZSBzdHJlZXRzIG9mIEJhbHRpbW9yZSBieSBNb25kYXdtaW4gTWFsbCIsImRlZl9kZWNzcmlwdGlvbiI6IiIsInB1Ymxpc2hlZF91cmxzIjpbeyJmb3JtYXQiOiJtcDQ7IiwiZW1iZWRfdXJsIjoiaHR0cDovL21lZGlhMi5hYmMybmV3cy5jb20vdmlkZW8vdmlkZW9fc3R1ZGlvLzIwMTUvMDQvMjcvTW9yZV92aW9sZW5jZV9pbl90aGVfc3RyZWV0c19vZl9CYWx0aW1vcl8yODc0NTgubXA0IiwicHJvdG9jb2wiOiJodHRwOiIsImNkbl9uYW1lIjoiQWthbWFpIiwia2JwcyI6NTAwfV0sImNhcHRpb25zIjpbeyJsYW5ndWFnZSI6ImVuIiwiZm9ybWF0IjoiREZYUCIsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6Ly9tZWRpYTIuYWJjMm5ld3MuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3ZpZGVvX3N0dWRpby8yMDE1LzA0LzI3L2NhcHRpb25zL01vcmVfdmlvbGVuY2VfaW5fdGhlX3N0cmVldHNfb2ZfQmFsdGltb3JfMjg3NDU4MDAwMC5kZnhwIn1dLCJ0c19wdWJsaXNoZWQiOiIyMDE1XzA0XzI3In0=|1000011|SPS'); // ]]>At least seven police officers were injured. At least one police officer suffered a broken bone. Another officer was knocked unconscious.Read more: abc2news",0
17389,ALARMING! THIS STATE’S SCHOOL SYSTEM TO TAKE OVER EVERYDAY PARENTING TASKS,"The ultimate nanny state move in this liberal state shows us where we re heading. Should we be doing more and more of the things parents should do? This trend is nothing but disturbing Four public schools in the Madison, Wis. school district will soon begin providing a plethora of parenting services to students including breakfasts, dinners, doctor s visits and homework help.Funding for the  full-service  neighborhood schools will come from a $300,000 grant from the Madison Community Foundation, reports the Wisconsin State Journal.Actual school hours won t change. However, the school buildings will open earlier and close much later. The four schools will also start opening on the weekends.School districts in six U.S. states have been taking up the community school model. The schools are most common in poor urban area where children may not be eating right or have access to healthcare.The U.S. Department of Education doles out millions of dollars to nine organizations which then fund such schools   after funding their own staffs, of course.Read more: Daily Caller ",0
17390,BUSTED: [Video] AARP Caught Using SUBLIMINAL MESSAGE To Promote ‘MARTIAL LAW’ In Recent Ad,"Could someone please explain this? I honestly don t think it s any accident.I stumbled onto this video via BadBlue, which linked to a site called Hyscience. At first I thought it was a joke. But the video is posted on the official AARP YouTube channel.In order for me to hear the not-so subliminal message on the radio playing in the background, I had to turn the volume all the way up and use headphones. But this is what I hear:  Riots nationwide have prompted local governments to declare martial law. The president is asking that citizens find safety and remain calm. Authorities are working their hardest to contain the outbreak. It really does make one ask, what the hell? Of all the messages that could be playing on a radio in an AARP ad, why this one?Via: The Right Planet",0
17391,GEORGE W. BUSH BREAKS SILENCE: No More “Mr. Nice Guy”…Hammers Obama,"Long overdue In a closed-door meeting with Jewish Donors Saturday night, former President George W. Bush delivered his harshest public criticisms to date against his successor on foreign policy, saying that President Barack Obama is being na ve about Iran and the pending nuclear deal and losing the war against the Islamic State.One attendee at the Republican Jewish Coalition session, held at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas with owner Sheldon Adelson in attendance, transcribed large portions of Bush s remarks. The former president, who rarely ever criticizes Obama in public, at first remarked that the idea of re-entering the political arena was something he didn t want to do. He then proceeded to explain why Obama, in his view, was placing the U.S. in  retreat  around the world. He also said Obama was misreading Iran s intentions while relaxing sanctions on Tehran too easily.According to the attendee s transcription, Bush noted that Iran has a new president, Hassan Rouhani.  He s smooth,  Bush said.  And you ve got to ask yourself, is there a new policy or did they just change the spokesman? Bush said that Obama s plan to lift sanctions on Iran with a promise that they could snap back in place at any time was not plausible. He also said the deal would be bad for American national security in the long term:  You think the Middle East is chaotic now? Imagine what it looks like for our grandchildren. That s how Americans should view the deal. Bush then went into a detailed criticism of Obama s policies in fighting the Islamic State and dealing with the chaos in Iraq. On Obama s decision to withdraw all U.S. troops in Iraq at the end of 2011, he quoted Senator Lindsey Graham calling it a  strategic blunder.  Bush signed an agreement with the Iraqi government to withdraw those troops, but the idea had been to negotiate a new status of forces agreement to keep U.S. forces there past 2011. The Obama administration tried and failed to negotiate such an agreement.Bush said he views the rise of the Islamic State as al-Qaeda s  second act  and that they may have changed the name but that murdering innocents is still the favored tactic. He defended his own administration s handling of terrorism, noting that the terrorist Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who confessed to killing Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl, was captured on his watch:  Just remember the guy who slit Danny Pearl s throat is in Gitmo, and now they re doing it on TV. Obama promised to degrade and destroy Islamic State s forces but then didn t develop a strategy to complete the mission, Bush said. He said that if you have a military goal and you mean it,  you call in your military and say  What s your plan?    He indirectly touted his own decision to surge troops to Iraq in 2007, by saying,  When the plan wasn t working in Iraq, we changed. In order to be an effective president   when you say something you have to mean it,  he said.  You gotta kill em. Bush told several anecdotes about his old friend and rival Russian President Vladimir Putin. Bush recalled that Putin met his dog Barney at the White House and then later, when Bush went to Moscow, Putin showed him his dog and remarked that he was  bigger stronger and faster than Barney.  For Bush, that behavior showed him that Putin didn t think in  win-win  terms.Bush also remarked that Putin was rich, divorced his wife and loves power. Putin s domestic popularity comes from his control of Russian media, according to Bush.  Hell, I d be popular, too, if I owned NBC news,  he said.Regarding his brother Jeb s potential run for the presidency, Bush acknowledged that he was a political liability for Jeb, that the Bush name can be used against him, and that American s don t like dynasties. He also said that foreign policy is going to be especially important in the presidential campaign and that the test for Republicans running will be who has got the  courage  to resist isolationist tendencies.Regarding Hillary Clinton, Bush said it will be crucial how she plays her relationship with the president. She will eventually have to choose between running on the Obama administration s policies or running against them. If she defends them, she s admitting failure, he said, but if she doesn t she s blaming the president.For George W. Bush, the remarks in Vegas showed he has little respect for how the current president is running the world. He also revealed that he takes little responsibility for the policies that he put in place that contributed to the current state of affairs.Via: Bloomberg View",0
17392,CRAZY VIDEO! MAYOR OF BALTIMORE: WE GAVE RIOTERS “SPACE TO DESTROY”,"Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: While we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. We also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. And we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate, and that s what you saw. THE MAYOR S ENTIRE PRESS CONFERENCE:",0
17393,"SHOCKING VIDEOTAPED INTERVIEW WITH BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA’S “BROTHER”MALIK: ‘I’d like to see him (Barack) be for real, not so deceptive’","In a shocking interview with Joel Gilbert, producer of  Dreams From My Real Father,  Malik talks about having to come through the back door at the White House or being asked to come at night so no one sees him. He talks about everything that Barack s Aunt Zetouni did for him when he needed her, and how he wouldn t contribute a penny for her funeral. He left it up to the poor villagers in Kenya to figure out how to get her body back to her home country.  He also reveals how Barack has never contributed a dime to help a family member in Kenya.  Ever since President Barack Obama was elected president, many have wondered who Obama really is and what he stands for. Undisclosed and unreported to the mainstream media, Joel Gilbert, who produced the film,  Dreams From My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception,  has released an interview with Obama s brother Malik Obama, the Freedom Post reported on Friday. Gilbert conducted the 12-minute interview with Malik Obama on April 10, 2015 and was published on April 22, 2015.The interview shows clips of President Obama speaking of how his father grew up and herded goats and then Gilbert told Malik that Obama had deceived Americans when Obama stated that he would cut the deficit, support Israel, and that Obamacare is not a tax and how he felt about it. Malik responded to Gilbert and said,  Well, the way that he s turned and become a different person with the family is the same way that I see him behaving politically. He says one thing and then he does another. He s not been an honest man, as far as I m concerned, in who he is and what he says and how he treats people.  Gilbert then asked Malik on how he felt about being the oldest brother in the family, Malik responded with disappointment and said,  Disappointed  disappointed, used, used and also betrayed. In the beginning, I didn t think that he was a schemer. His real character, his real personality, the real him, is coming out now. Malik also spoke on how he and Obama s family back in Kenya feel no respect from Obama and was hurt and crushed that Obama would act that way to them.  I don t understand how somebody who claims to be a relative or a brother can behave the way that he s behaving, be so cold and ruthless, and just turn his back on the people,  Malik said.  He said were his family. WATCH INTERVIEW HERE:Joel Gilbert came to the front lines of Obama really is when his book and film was released. The film and book chronicles the life of President Obama, based in part on two years of research, interviews, newly unearthed footage and photos, and the writings of alleged real father of President Obama, Frank Marshall Davis as well as Obama himself. The film and book also chronicles Barack Obama s life journey in Socialism and Marxism, from the day he was born through his election to the Presidency.Via: The Examiner",0
17394,DOJ MONITORS PATRIOT GUN-RANGE OWNER Who Banned Muslims From Her Gun Range," I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -Jan MorganOn Saturday, Breitbart.com s AWR Hawkins said the Department of Justice is  monitoring  Jan Morgan, the owner of Gun Cave Indoor Firing Range in Hot Springs, Arkansas, who banned Muslims from her business in 2014, citing safety concerns. But Morgan isn t backing down and told Examiner.com Saturday she would close her business before putting her clients  safety at risk.The Washington Post said the monitoring is the result of demands by the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the Arkansas chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union. Both groups demanded a federal investigation after Morgan declared her range to be a  Muslim-Free Zone. CAIR and the ACLU argue that Morgan s  Muslim-free  policy violates the public accommodation provision of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Times said. But Morgan disagrees, saying her range is a private club with dues-paying members.The DOJ confirmed it was monitoring Morgan, the Times added. The agency, however, did not say if it has plans to launch an investigation. CAIR said it was pleased with the action. We welcome this positive development and hope it leads to a thorough investigation of clear violations of the civil rights of American Muslims and those perceived to be Muslim by the gun range owner,  said CAIR s civil rights litigation director Jenifer Wicks. But Morgan told Examiner there is a huge difference between monitoring and investigating.In fact, she said at her website, she has  been under the watchful eyes of federal law enforcement authorities for a long time  as a result of  years of death threats  from Muslims. The threats, she added, began long before she owned the range. Now, she lives her daily life  under a federal microscope. I have nothing to hide,  she said.  I have no secrets from the federal government. Last year, she added, FBI counter-terrorism agents met with her and said ISIS is in Arkansas.  The agency feared I was going to be a target of opportunity, and I was directed to take EVERY SECURITY PRE-CAUTION necessary to protect my life and the lives of all people in my presence at all times,  she wrote.Morgan said that like the French cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo, she has had her life threatened many times over her articles. She also acted  upon the directive of the ATF to all FFL holders to err on the side of caution and not engage in any firearm transactions with anyone we suspect might use that firearm in the commission of a crime. So, CAIR and the ACLU, do you really think the idea of  more monitoring  of my daily life is somehow new or a threat to me in any way?  she asked on Facebook.  Of course the feds are monitoring me,  she added.  You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. Morgan told Examiner she is prepared to deal with a federal investigation should one be launched against her.  I was prepared to fight this from day one,  she said.The  bottom line,  she added,  is this: I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here.  On her site, Morgan said she  will continue to follow the advise of two agencies within the DOJ to protect and defend my own life, as well as the lives of innocent American citizens in my presence, from any and all threats of violence connected to, and or associated with any and all terrorist organizations.  Anything less, she added,  would be irresponsible, reckless, and life threatening. Via: Joe Newby, The Examiner",0
17395,CLINTON MEGA-CHARITY: “Slush Fund For The Clinton’s” Took In $140 Million… Gave Pittance In Direct Aid,"Try to process this: A woman running for President of The United States (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the Clinton Foundation The Clinton Foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. The Clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. The group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration, travel, and salaries and bonuses, with the fattest payouts going to family friends. On its 2013 tax forms, the most recent available, the foundation claimed it spent $30 million on payroll and employee benefits; $8.7 million in rent and office expenses; $9.2 million on  conferences, conventions and meetings ; $8 million on fund-raising; and nearly $8.5 million on travel. None of the Clintons are on the payroll, but they do enjoy first-class flights paid for by the Foundation. In all, the group reported $84.6 million in  functional expenses  on its 2013 tax return and had more than $64 million left over   money the organization has said represents pledges rather than actual cash on hand. Some of the tens of millions in administrative costs finance more than 2,000 employees, including aid workers and health professionals around the world. But that s still far below the 75 percent rate of spending that nonprofit experts say a good charity should spend on its mission. Charity Navigator, which rates nonprofits, recently refused to rate the Clinton Foundation because its  atypical business model . . . doesn t meet our criteria.  Charity Navigator put the foundation on its  watch list,  which warns potential donors about investing in problematic charities. The 23 charities on the list include the Rev. Al Sharpton s troubled National Action Network, which is cited for failing to pay payroll taxes for several years. Other nonprofit experts are asking hard questions about the Clinton Foundation s tax filings in the wake of recent reports that the Clintons traded influence for donations.  It seems like the Clinton Foundation operates as a slush fund for the Clintons,  said Bill Allison, a senior fellow at the Sunlight Foundation, a government watchdog group once run by leading progressive Democrat and Fordham Law professor Zephyr Teachout. In July 2013, Eric Braverman, a friend of Chelsea Clinton from when they both worked at McKinsey & Co., took over as CEO of the Clinton Foundation. He took home nearly $275,000 in salary, benefits and a housing allowance from the nonprofit for just five months  work in 2013, tax filings show. Less than a year later, his salary increased to $395,000, according to a report in Politico. Braverman abruptly left the foundation earlier this year, after a falling-out with the old Clinton guard over reforms he wanted to impose at the charity, Politico reported. Last month, Donna Shalala, a former secretary of health and human services under President Clinton, was hired to replace Braverman. Nine other executives received salaries over $100,000 in 2013, tax filings show. The group also failed to disclose millions of dollars it received in foreign donations from 2010 to 2012 and is hurriedly refiling five years  worth of tax returns after reporters raised questions about the discrepancies in its filings last week.Via: NY Post",0
17396,JUDGE GIVES ‘LEGAL PERSONHOOD’ TO MONKEYS: SHOULD MONKEYS HAVE THE SAME LEGAL RIGHTS AS PEOPLE?,"Habeas Corpus for Animals???The  animal personhood  movement believes dolphins, great apes, and elephants deserve to be able to sue   and now it has a plaintiff.A New York judge has ordered the state to justify why two chimpanzees allegedly kept at a Long Island public university and used as research subjects shouldn t be transferred to an animal sanctuary in south Florida.The animal rights advocates representing the animals hailed the judge s decision late Monday to grant a hearing early next month as a watershed moment for their long and controversial effort to persuade courts to confer human rights on primates.It wasn t as big a victory for animal rights fanatics as initially thought:The judge, according to [a spokesman for the state court system], mistakenly labeled her order a writ of habeas corpus, saying she had only granted the hearing to discuss the legal issues raised by the Nonhuman Rights Project. Judge [Barbara] Jaffe on Tuesday amended her initial order, striking out the words  habeas corpus  from the document.That s how progressivism works. They push the envelope as far as they can. If people scream with laughter or in horror, they pull it back a little. Then, after the barrage of liberal propaganda we are relentlessly assailed with from every direction has had a little more time to work on us, they push the envelope forward again.For their part the animal rights kooks are not backing down:The organization isn t challenging the conditions of their confinement, but the confinement itself. In a petition last month, the group described the animals as  autonomous and self-determining beings  who should be  protected by the common law of habeas corpus,  a right granted only to  legal persons. Give Obama a few more years to stack the courts with left-wing zealots. Not only will monkeys, dogs, and goldfish have habeas corpus rights, they will be entitled to vote and collect welfare   or rather, their  human companions  will be entitled to on their behalf.Why not? According to liberal ideology, souls do not exist, and there is no moral difference between a human and an animal.",0
17397,OBAMA KNEW DRONE KILLED U.S. HOSTAGE…Never Told Family Who Paid Huge Ransom And Was Still Negotiating For His Release,"Why couldn t the parents be notified of his death? What possible reason could the Obama regime have for keeping his death a secret from his parents?An American and an Italian being held hostage by al Qaeda in a remote region of Pakistan near the Afghan border were killed in a CIA drone strike in January   an accident President Obama on Thursday blamed on  the fog of war.  Obama grimly admitted the botched operation at the White House and apologized to the families of the two aid workers   Warren Weinstein, 73, of Rockville, Md., and Palermo native Giovanni Lo Porto, 39.  I profoundly regret what happened. On behalf of the United States government, I offer our deepest apologies,  Obama said.MEANWHILE, the family of hostage Warren Weinstein (who had already paid $250,000 in ransom money to the al Qaeda captors of the now-slain hostage in 2012), were still negotiating to pay more money for his release months after his death.Here is a heartbreaking video of slain hostage, Warren Weinstein asking for help from a country he came to Pakistan to defend:The Weinstein family shed little light on the secret ransom plot when it was revealed Friday, saying only that they d sought out efforts to rescue him. His wife had spoken by phone with her husband in a  proof of life  telephone call prior to the money being handed over, a family spokesman said.  Over the 3 / -year period of Warren s captivity the family made every effort to engage with those holding him or those with the power to find and rescue him,  the spokesman said. Weinstein got along well with his captors, the intermediary said. He spoke Urdu, the national language of Pakistan, and learned to speak with his kidnappers in another local language, Pashto.  They kept him well and sent a lot of money to keep him alive on medicine for the heart,  said the intermediary.  Otherwise, he would have been dead long ago. Also Friday, White House officials said they were considering setting up a  fusion cell,  or task force, to better communicate with hostage families and integrate the multiple agencies responsible for the rescue of captives.Via: NY Post",0
17398,GUESS WHO PAID FOR FAMILY OF GOV DEPENDENT MUSLIM TERRORISTS’ Security And Travel Expenses To U.S.,"It s worth noting that the victims of this horrible terrorist bombing are responsible for their own court parking fees, food and any potential travel and lodging expenses they incur as a result of this trial. Muslim terrorists first it s the Obama way The family of the convicted marathon bomber is in America, on your tax dollars, and survivors are outraged after learning the news.As of Thursday, family members of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev have been staying at the Hampton Inn in Revere under very tight security, just one of the things tax dollars are paying for. FOX25 s Sharman Sacchetti investigated how much this trip is costing you.Sources say these family members are being called as witnesses and not only that, at least three agencies are working around the clock to protect and transport them. This is all part of the defense team s strategy to save Tsarnaev. While it s unclear when their flight started, we know the last part of it came through Amsterdam and landed at Logan Airport and cost nearly $2,500 per person.The cost to put them up at the Hampton Inn at the government rate: almost $200 per night, per person. And a source says at least three agencies, the FBI, US Marshal s and Revere Police are involved in constant protection. I think you re probably talking about $100,000 plus in that neighborhood in terms of security and out of pocket costs associated with travel,  former US attorney Michael Sullivan said.And that s just for this trip.Lawyer fees or even what all witnesses during the trial cost is still unclear. One defense witness, Mark Spencer of Arsenal Consulting, charged $375 per hour and billing taxpayers for $150,000.Governor Charlie Baker said,  It s a federal trial, it s a federal case, the feds ultimately need to make the decisions about this. Baker was non-committal about how resources are being used, even state ones.Sullivan told Sacchetti that while he understands taxpayer outrage, the whole point is to make sure it s done right. The court wants to make sure that at the end of the day, the defendant gets a fair trial and would not want to add any potential issues on appeal in the penalty phase, prosecutors finished making their case yesterday,  he said.JUDGE JEANINE HAS A POWERFUL MESSAGE for Jihadi Mom:Marathon survivor Marc Fucarile reached out to us Friday night, reacting to this news, saying that he s outraged that Tsarnaev s family s expenses are being paid for when  myself and some of the other survivors and our families have to pay for our own parking at court, lunch, and we were told that if the trial was moved out of state, we d have to pay for our own travel and lodging, there. The statement went on to say:  Why should our country pay for them when that family committed a violent act against our country? Not to mention, all of the free government services this family previously enjoyed on the backs of the taxpayers including government assistance and a free ride to UMass Dartmouth. In contrast, I was denied housing assistance I sought after the bombings, even though I needed a handicapped accessible apartment, and my wife lost her job as a result of the events. He ended by saying he feels badly for the taxpayers that have to pay for this after they were so generous to all the survivors and the One Fund. The defense team is up next. And the penalty phase picks up again Monday.Via: MyFOXBoston",0
17399,"UNREAL! REPUBLICAN SENATE CONFIRMS ERIC HOLDER IN A SKIRT: ANTI-GUN, PRO-ILLEGAL, RADICAL RACIST WHO BELIEVES IN THE MURDER OF ABORTED BABIES BORN ALIVE","LISTEN TO THIS WOMEN SPEAK OF VOTING RIGHTS LIKE IT S 1960. WE DO NOT HAVE A VOTING RIGHTS PROBLEM.  LYNCH THEN SPEAKS ABOUT GOING INTO THE SCHOOLS AND CHANGING THE DISCIPLINE FOR MINORITIES VS WHITES   SHE S THE ONE WHO DECIDED THE MINORITIES NEEDED TO HAVE LESS PUNISHMENT SIMPLY BECAUSE THE COLOR OF THEIR SKIN. UNREAL! A Republican-controlled U.S. Senate voted to confirm an attorney general today who says that illegal aliens have a right to work in the United States but that partially born babies do not have a right to life.The Senate took two votes on the nomination of Loretta Lynch: first, a  cloture  vote to end debate and allow a final vote on confirmation, and, then, the final vote itself.Neither of these votes would have taken place had not Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell not brought her nomination to the floor for consideration. Thanks to a change in the interpretation of Senate Rule XXII that he Democratic leadership pushed through in 2013, only 50 votes (as opposed the historical 60) was needed to invoke cloture and end debate on the nomination. In fact, 66 senators voted for cloture including 20 Republicans.Lynch, who has been serving as U.S. attorney in the Eastern District of New York, then won confirmation as attorney general of the United States by a vote of 56 to 43. Nine Senate Republicans voted to confirm her.At a confirmation hearing in January, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R.-Ala.) asked Lynch:  Who has more right to a job in this country? A lawful immigrant who s here, a green-card holder, or a citizen, or a person who entered this country unlawfully? Well, Senator,  said Lynch,  I believe that the right and the obligation to work is one that s shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here. And certainly, if someone s here, regardless of status, I would prefer that they be participating in the workplace than not participating in the workplace. Under the laws of the United States, which as attorney general Lynch will be responsible for enforcing, foreign nationals illegally present in the United States are not permitted to work here.In 2006, Lynch joined with a group of fellow former U.S. attorneys in signing an amicus brief submitted to the Supreme Court in the case of Gonzales v. Carhart, which sought to overturn the law that Congress enacted in 2003 that bans partial-birth abortion in the United States. Arguing that the ban should be overturned and partial-birth abortions permitted Lynch and her fellow former U.S. attorneys said that the language of the law, including the term  living fetus,  was too vague to be properly understood by those responsible for obeying it and enforcing it. Furthermore,  said the brief Lynch signed,  the ban s specific provisions, such as the phrase  living fetus,  are hopelessly vague as a legal proscription. It is unclear,  she and the others said,  whether a  living fetus  must be intact. A physician or prosecutor could not possibly know whether a given  overt act   kill -ed the fetus under the ban without having a clear definition of  living,'  wrote Lynch and her fellow defenders of legalized partial-birth abortion.In a 5-4 decision written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court rejected the argument that Lynch had made.  The act is not vague,  said the court.In its opinion, the court quoted the description of a partial-birth abortion given by a nurse who assisted in one.The doctor, said this nurse (according to the U.S. Supreme Court),  went in with forceps and grabbed the baby s legs and pulled them down into the birth canal. Then he delivered the baby s body and the arms everything but the head. The doctor kept the head inside the uterus. The baby s little fingers were clasping and unclasping, and his little feet were kicking,  said the nurse.  Then the doctor stuck the scissors in the back of his head, and the baby s arms jerked out, like a startle reaction, like a flinch, like a baby does when he thinks he is going to fall. The doctor opened up the scissors, stuck a high-powered suction tube into the opening, and sucked the baby s brains out,  said the nurse.  Not the baby went completely limp. He cut the umbilical cord,  the nurse said of the doctor who had just sucked out the baby s brains.  He threw the baby in a pan, along with the placenta and the instruments he had just used. At her confirmation hearing, Lynch affirmed that she had signed on to the amicus brief opposing the ban on partial-birth abortion, and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R.-S.C.) told her that that did not disqualify her from serving as attorney general. In 2006, you signed an amicus brief supporting Planned Parenthood s opposition to [the] partial-birth abortion ban. Is that correct?  asked Graham. Yes,  said Lynch.  I was one of a number of former Justice Department officials [who signed it]. Although, the amicus brief that we signed was focused on the issue of the facial issues of the law, and how it might impact the perception of law enforcement s discretion and independence,  she said. The only reason I mentioned that,  said Graham,  is that if there s a Republican president in the future, an attorney general nominee takes an opposite view on an issue like abortion, I hope our friends on the other side will acknowledge it s OK to be an advocate for a cause, as their lawyer. That doesn t disqualify you from serving. The 20 Republicans who voted to move forward on a vote with Lynch s nomination by voting for cloture included: Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Richard Burr of North Carolina, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Thad Cochran of Mississippi, Susan Collins of Maine, Bob Corker of Tennessee, John Cornyn of Texas, Jeff Flake of Arizona, Cory Gardner of Colorado, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Orrin Hatch of Utah, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, Rob Portman of Ohio, Pat Roberts of Kansas, Rounds of Kansas, John Thune of South Dakota, and Thom Tillis of North Carolina.In the 56 to 43 confirmation vote, 10 Republicans voted for Lynch. They included: Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Thad Cochran of Mississippi, Susan Collins of Maine, Jeff Flake of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Orrin Hatch of Utah, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Mark Kirk of Illinois, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, and Rob Portman of Ohio.Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas opposed the confirmation of Lynch, spoke against her confirmation on the Senate floor, and voted against cloture. But then he did not cast a vote on her final confirmation. His office did not immediately respond to inquiries about why he did not vote.Via: CNS",0
17400,HE WAS WARNED AGAINST NEGOTIATING WITH TERRORISTS: Iran Says They Won’t Permit Foreigners “to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.”,"Iran, where the thought police will always have a job: Not only will we not grant foreigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject. A spokesman for Iran s nuclear agency has once again rejected calls to grant IAEA access to military sites, continuing a war of words on the issue that began Sunday.Press TV reports that Behrouz Kamalvandi, spokesman for the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI), gave an interview Monday in which he stated that demands for access to Iran s military sites were  not practical and acceptable.  According to Press TV, his statement was a response to a claim U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz made earlier in the day.During an interview with Bloomberg News earlier Monday, Secretary Moniz said,  We expect to have anywhere, anytime access  within Iran. That statement appears to match the contents of the U.S. fact sheet published three weeks ago. The fact sheet states,  Iran will be required to grant access to the IAEA to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of a covert enrichment facility, conversion facility, centrifuge production facility, or yellowcake production facility anywhere in the country. Secretary Moniz s statement about access  anywhere, anytime  was itself an apparent response to a blunt statement Sunday by Brigadier General Hossein Salami. According to Press TV, General Salami gave an interview to Fars News in which he stated,  Not only will we not grant foreigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject.  In case that was not clear enough, Gen. Salami added,  They will not even be permitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams. General Salami is not the first high ranking Iranian to deny the IAEA will get access to Iran s military sites under the proposed deal. Nearly two weeks ago, Iran s Defense Minister said any inspection of Iran s military sites was  a red line  and added that no  inspection of any kind from such facilities would be accepted.  Ayatollah Khamenei backed up that stance the next day.AEOI spokesman Behrouz Kamalvandi who said military site inspections were not  acceptable was reportedly awaiting a nuclear delegation from Russia to discuss the construction of two new nuclear power plants in Iran next year.Via: Breitbart News",0
17401,BREAKING: HILLARY CLINTON’S STATE DEPARTMENT GAVE RUSSIA HALF OF U.S. URANIUM TO REWARD DONOR,"IF SHE S NOT TOAST NOW THEN WE RE IN BIGGER TROUBLE THAN I THOUGHT.  There s so much more to this whole thing and it s just getting worse for Bill and Hill. Chickens coming home to roost?Hillary Clinton s State Department was part of a panel that approved the sale of one of America s largest uranium mines at the same time a foundation controlled by the seller s chairman was making donations to a Clinton family charity, records reviewed by The Wall Street Journal show.The $610 million sale of 51% of Uranium One to a unit of Rosatom, Russia s state nuclear agency, was approved in 2010 by a U.S. federal committee that assesses the security implications of foreign investments. The State Department, which Mrs. Clinton then ran, is one of its members.Between 2008 and 2012, the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative, a project of the Clinton Foundation, received $2.35 million from the Fernwood Foundation, a family charity run by Ian Telfer, chairman of Uranium One before its sale, according to Canada Revenue Agency records.The donations were first reported in  Clinton Cash,  a new book by Peter Schweizer, an editor-at-large at a conservative news website, about the financial dealings of Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton. A copy of the book, set to be released next month, was reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. The book is to be published by HarperCollins, a division of News Corp., which also publishes the Journal.Via: Breitbart News",0
17402,BREAKING: SCHIZOPHRENIC COMMANDER IN CHIEF Sends 10 More WarshipsTo Defend Against Nuclear Iran While Working To Cut A Lopsided Deal With Them,"Which begs the question Whose corner is Obama in? Whose side has this President, who continues to downplay the genocide of Christians in the Middle East and openly demeans Israel s Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu taken in this civil war? Is he siding with the Sunni s or Shiite s? In the past 6 years one thing is clear, he certainly hasn t given us any reason to believe he s siding with America The aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and escort guided missile cruiser USS Normandy were deployed to join 10 other American warships on the waters near Yemen to dissuade Iran from shipping weapons to Shiite Houthi rebels. This is really about sending a message,  a U.S. official, speaking about the deployment of the ships to Yemen, told The New York Times on condition of anonymity.  It is a message to our partners that we are in this and willing to support. It is a message to the Iranians that we re watching. It all has to do with the instability in Yemen. That is why those forces are there and have been recently increased,  Cmdr. Kevin Stephens, the spokesman for the Bahrain-based United States Fifth Fleet, told The Times.The U.S. ships have been deployed to deter  any illegal activity in the area,  including the illicit transit of Iranian weapons, he added.Last Tuesday, the United Nations Security Council imposed an arms embargo on the Iran-backed Houthis and their allies.CNN reports that the American ships lack the authority to  forcibly  board Iranian-flagged ships.However, CNN adds that the American warships will be  joining allied vessels from Saudi Arabia, Egypt and other partner nations prepared to intercept a convoy of seven to nine Iranian vessels believed [to be] headed for Yemen. The allies are prepared to board Iranian vessels if they proceed into Yemeni territorial waters. The Pentagon has denied that the USS Theodore Roosevelt and USS Normandy were deployed to interdict Iranian arms, Reuters reports.Following the deployment of U.S. ships, Hossein Amir Abdollahian, Iran s deputy foreign minister, expressed optimism about a ceasefire in the Yemen conflict. We are optimistic that in the coming hours, after many efforts, we will see a halt to military attacks in Yemen,  Abdollahian told Iranian Tasnim news agency on Tuesday, a day after the two ships were deployed, Reuters reports.In Yemen, Houthi rebels aligned with military units loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh have been fighting against Saudi-led airstrikes and armed groups loyal to Yemen s internationally recognized President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi.The U.S. has been increasing its Naval presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that a convoy of Iranian ships possibly carrying military supplies for the Houthis is on its way to Yemen.Although the Obama administration described the naval deployment as a show of force, it has also acknowledged that the flotilla could be used to block Iranian military supplies to the Houthi rebels.The 12 ships are also meant to reassure U.S. ally Saudi Arabia, which has been carrying out a bombing campaign against the Houthis and their allies since March 26.Lt. General Michael Flynn tells FOX News host Chris Wallace that Obama s policy is  almost a policy of willful ignorance. :https://youtu.be/GUxyc8-a2qYUnnamed officials told The New York Times that  Saudi Arabia has been bombing in a campaign against the Houthis for weeks, and the United States wanted to make clear to Iran that it backed the airstrikes and shared Riyadh s concerns about a possible rebel takeover in Yemen. Some of the American ships near Yemen are reportedly carrying 2,000 Marines and have been off the Yemeni coast since before the U.S. evacuated its embassy in Sanaa back in February..There appears to be friction between the U.S. and Iran, despite the ongoing nuclear negotiations between Washington and Tehran. White House officials acknowledged that they were compartmentalizing policy on Iran by confronting the country s aggressive posture in the region even as American diplomats tried to complete an agreement with Iran to limit its nuclear program,  notes The Times.Secretary of State John Kerry and Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, have criticized Iran s military aid to the Houthi rebels.Earnest condemned Iran arming the Houthi rebels as  destabilizing  and accused the Islamic Republic of fueling violence in Yemen.He also denounced Iran arresting a reporter from The Washington Post and accusing him of espionage as  absurd. President Obama met with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the crown prince of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, to reassure him and his Sunni allies that are nervous about the nuclear talks with Shiite Iran.Via: Breitbart News",0
17403,WHY THESE ARMY ROTC CADETS WERE PRESSURED INTO WEARING HEELS WILL HAVE YOU SEEING RED…,"The wu$$ification of our military Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory. Attendance is mandatory and if we miss it we get a negative counseling and a  does not support the battalion sharp/EO mission  on our CDT OER for getting the branch we want. So I just spent $16 on a pair of high heels that I have to spray paint red later on only to throw them in the trash after about 300 of us embarrass the U.S. Army tomorrow,  one anonymous cadet wrote on the social media sharing website Imgr, IJReview reported Monday.In a Reddit Army thread on the subject   titled  Okay, who put the cadets up to this?    one user said the claims were legitimate and added,  I just don t understand why [General] Combs would court political controversy like this. Isn t the military supposed to avoid faddish political movement and religious issues. Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory.Via: Washington Times",0
17404,UPDATED VIDEO: IS THIS AMERICA? CONSERVATIVES And Their Families Experience SHOCKING ABUSE And SHAMING In Their Homes Ordered By Leftist DA As Part Of Insane Vendetta,"This story should send chills down the spine of every American. Communism is on our doorstep THEY CAME WITH A BATTERING RAM. Cindy Archer, one of the lead architects of Wisconsin s Act 10   also called the  Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill,  it limited public-employee benefits and altered collective-bargaining rules for public-employee unions   was jolted awake by yelling, loud pounding at the door, and her dogs  frantic barking. The entire house   the windows and walls   was shaking.She looked outside to see up to a dozen police officers, yelling to open the door. They were carrying a battering ram. She wasn t dressed, but she started to run toward the door, her body in full view of the police. Some yelled at her to grab some clothes, others yelled for her to open the door. I was so afraid,  she says.  I did not know what to do.  She grabbed some clothes, opened the door, and dressed right in front of the police. The dogs were still frantic. I begged and begged,  Please don t shoot my dogs, please don t shoot my dogs, just don t shoot my dogs.  I couldn t get them to stop barking, and I couldn t get them outside quick enough. I saw a gun and barking dogs. I was scared and knew this was a bad mix.  She got the dogs safely out of the house, just as multiple armed agents rushed inside.Some even barged into the bathroom, where her partner was in the shower. The officer or agent in charge demanded that Cindy sit on the couch, but she wanted to get up and get a cup of coffee.  I told him this was my house and I could do what I wanted.  Wrong thing to say.  This made the agent in charge furious. He towered over me with his finger in my face and yelled like a drill sergeant that I either do it his way or he would handcuff me. They wouldn t let her speak to a lawyer.She looked outside and saw a person who appeared to be a reporter. Someone had tipped him off. The neighbors started to come outside, curious at the commotion, and all the while the police searched her house, making a mess, and   according to Cindy   leaving her  dead mother s belongings strewn across the basement floor in a most disrespectful way. Then they left, carrying with them only a cellphone and a laptop.Here is a videotaped interview of a neighbor who witnessed the police invasion of her home: IT S A MATTER OF LIFE OR DEATH.  That was the first thought of  Anne  (not her real name).Someone was pounding at her front door. It was early in the morning   very early   and it was the kind of heavy pounding that meant someone was either fleeing from   or bringing   trouble.  It was so hard. I d never heard anything like it. I thought someone was dying outside. She ran to the door, opened it, and then chaos.  People came pouring in. For a second I thought it was a home invasion. It was terrifying. They were yelling and running, into every room in the house. One of the men was in my face, yelling at me over and over and over. It was indeed a home invasion, but the people who were pouring in were Wisconsin law-enforcement officers. Armed, uniformed police swarmed into the house. Plainclothes investigators cornered her and her newly awakened family.Soon, state officials were seizing the family s personal property, including each person s computer and smartphone, filled with the most intimate family information.Why were the police at Anne s home? She had no answers. The police were treating them the way they d seen police treat drug dealers on television. In fact, TV or movies were their only points of reference, because they weren t criminals. They were law-abiding. They didn t buy or sell drugs. They weren t violent. They weren t a danger to anyone. Yet there were cops   surrounding their house on the outside, swarming the house on the inside.They even taunted the family as if they were mere  perps. As if the home invasion, the appropriation of private property, and the verbal abuse weren t enough, next came ominous warnings.Don t call your lawyer. Don t tell anyone about this raid. Not even your mother, your father, or your closest friends.The entire neighborhood could see the police around their house, but they had to remain silent. This was not the  right to remain silent  as uttered by every cop on every legal drama on television   the right against self-incrimination.They couldn t mount a public defense if they wanted   or even offer an explanation to family and friends. Yet no one in this family was a  perp. Instead, like Cindy, they were American citizens guilty of nothing more than exercising their First Amendment rights to support Act 10 and other conservative causes in Wisconsin. Sitting there shocked and terrified, this citizen   who is still too intimidated to speak on the record   kept thinking,  Is this America? THEY FOLLOWED ME TO MY KIDS  ROOMS.  For the family of  Rachel  (not her real name), the ordeal began before dawn   with the same loud, insistent knocking. Still in her pajamas, Rachel answered the door and saw uniformed police, poised to enter her home.When Rachel asked to wake her children herself, the officer insisted on walking into their rooms. The kids woke to an armed officer, standing near their beds. The entire family was herded into one room, and there they watched as the police carried off their personal possessions, including items that had nothing to do with the subject of the search warrant   even her daughter s computer.And, yes, there were the warnings. Don t call your lawyer. Don t talk to anyone about this. Don t tell your friends.The kids watched   alarmed   as the school bus drove by, with the students inside watching the spectacle of uniformed police surrounding the house, carrying out the family s belongings. Yet they were told they couldn t tell anyone at school. They, too, had to remain silent.The mom watched as her entire life was laid open before the police. Her professional files, her personal files, everything. She knew this was all politics. She knew a rogue prosecutor was targeting her for her political beliefs. And she realized,  Every aspect of my life is in their hands. And they hate me. Fortunately for her family, the police didn t taunt her or her children. Some of them seemed embarrassed by what they were doing. At the end of the ordeal, one officer looked at the family, still confined to one room, and said,  Some days, I hate my job. For dozens of conservatives, the years since Scott Walker s first election as governor of Wisconsin transformed the state   known for pro-football championships, good cheese, and a population with a reputation for being unfailingly polite   into a place where conservatives have faced early-morning raids, multi-year secretive criminal investigations, slanderous and selective leaks to sympathetic media, and intrusive electronic snooping.Yes, Wisconsin, the cradle of the progressive movement and home of the  Wisconsin idea    the marriage of state governments and state universities to govern through technocratic reform   was giving birth to a new progressive idea, the use of law enforcement as a political instrument, as a weapon to attempt to undo election results, shame opponents, and ruin lives.Most Americans have never heard of these raids, or of the lengthy criminal investigations of Wisconsin conservatives. For good reason. Bound by comprehensive secrecy orders, conservatives were left to suffer in silence as leaks ruined their reputations, as neighbors, looking through windows and dismayed at the massive police presence, the lights shining down on targets  homes, wondered, no doubt, What on earth did that family do?This was the on-the-ground reality of the so-called John Doe investigations, expansive and secret criminal proceedings that directly targeted Wisconsin residents because of their relationship to Scott Walker, their support for Act 10, and their advocacy of conservative reform.Largely hidden from the public eye, this traumatic process, however, is now heading toward a legal climax, with two key rulings expected in the late spring or early summer.The first ruling, from the Wisconsin supreme court, could halt the investigations for good, in part by declaring that the  misconduct  being investigated isn t misconduct at all but the simple exercise of First Amendment rights.The second ruling, from the United States Supreme Court, could grant review on a federal lawsuit brought by Wisconsin political activist Eric O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth, the first conservatives to challenge the investigations head-on.If the Court grants review, it could not only halt the investigations but also begin the process of holding accountable those public officials who have so abused their powers.But no matter the outcome of these court hearings, the damage has been done. In the words of Mr. O Keefe,  The process is the punishment. UPDATED VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BLAZE TV s DANA LOESCH:It all began innocently enough. In 2009, officials from the office of the Milwaukee County executive contacted the office of the Milwaukee district attorney, headed by John Chisholm, to investigate the disappearance of $11,242.24 from the Milwaukee chapter of the Order of the Purple Heart.The matter was routine, with witnesses willing and able to testify against the principal suspect, a man named Kevin Kavanaugh.What followed, however, was anything but routine. Chisholm failed to act promptly on the report, and when he did act, he refused to conduct a conventional criminal investigation but instead petitioned, in May 2010, to open a  John Doe  investigation, a proceeding under Wisconsin law that permits Wisconsin officials to conduct extensive investigations while keeping the target s identity secret (hence the designation  John Doe ).John Doe investigations alter typical criminal procedure in two important ways: First, they remove grand juries from the investigative process, replacing the ordinary citizens of a grand jury with a supervising judge.Second, they can include strict secrecy requirements not just on the prosecution but also on the targets of the investigation. In practice, this means that, while the prosecution cannot make public comments about the investigation, it can take public actions indicating criminal suspicion (such as raiding businesses and homes in full view of the community) while preventing the targets of the raids from defending against or even discussing the prosecution s claims.Why would Chisholm seek such broad powers to investigate a year-old embezzlement claim with a known suspect? Because the Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker, had by that time become the leading Republican candidate for governor. District Attorney Chisholm was a Democrat, a very partisan Democrat.Almost immediately after opening the John Doe investigation, Chisholm used his expansive powers to embarrass Walker, raiding his county-executive offices within a week.As Mr. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth explained in court filings, the investigation then dramatically expanded: Over the next few months, [Chisholm s] investigation of all-things-Walker expanded to include everything from alleged campaign-finance violations to sexual misconduct to alleged public contracting bid-rigging to alleged misuse of county time and property.Between May 5, 2010, and May 3, 2012, the Milwaukee Defendants filed at least eighteen petitions to formally  [e]nlarge  the scope of the John Doe investigation, and each was granted. . .That amounts to a new formal inquiry every five and a half weeks, on average, for two years.This expansion coincided with one of the more remarkable state-level political controversies in modern American history   the protest (and passage) of Act 10, followed by the attempted recall of a number of Wisconsin legislators and, ultimately, Governor Walker.Political observers will no doubt remember the events in Madison   the state capitol overrun by chanting protesters, Democratic lawmakers fleeing the state to prevent votes on the legislation, and tens of millions of dollars of outside money flowing into the state as Wisconsin became, fundamentally, a proxy fight pitting the union-led Left against the Tea Party led economic Right.At the same time that the public protests were raging, so were private   but important   protests in the Chisholm home and workplace.As a former prosecutor told journalist Stuart Taylor, Chisholm s wife was a teachers -union shop steward who was distraught over Act 10 s union reforms. He said Chisholm  felt it was his personal duty  to stop them. Meanwhile, according to this whistleblower, the district attorney s offices were festooned with the  blue fist  poster of the labor-union movement, indicating that Chisholm s employees were very much invested in the political fight.In the end, the John Doe proceeding failed in its ultimate aims. It secured convictions for embezzlement (related to the original 2009 complaint), a conviction for sexual misconduct, and a few convictions for minor campaign violations, but Governor Walker was untouched, his reforms were implemented, and he survived his recall election. But with another election looming   this time Walker s campaign for reelection   Chisholm wasn t finished.He launched yet another John Doe investigation,  supervised  by Judge Barbara Kluka. Kluka proved to be capable of superhuman efficiency   approving  every petition, subpoena, and search warrant in the case  in a total of one day s work.If the first series of John Doe investigations was  everything Walker,  the second series was  everything conservative,  as Chisholm had launched an investigation of not only Walker (again) but the Wisconsin Club for Growth and dozens of other conservative organizations, this time fishing for evidence of allegedly illegal  coordination  between conservative groups and the Walker campaign.In the second John Doe, Chisholm had no real evidence of wrongdoing. Yes, conservative groups were active in issue advocacy, but issue advocacy was protected by the First Amendment and did not violate relevant campaign laws.Nonetheless, Chisholm persuaded prosecutors in four other counties to launch their own John Does, with Judge Kluka overseeing all of them.Empowered by a rubber-stamp judge, partisan investigators ran amok. They subpoenaed and obtained (without the conservative targets  knowledge) massive amounts of electronic data, including virtually all the targets  personal e-mails and other electronic messages from outside e-mail vendors and communications companies.The investigations exploded into the open with a coordinated series of raids on October 3, 2013. These were home invasions, including those described above. Chisholm s office refused to comment on the raid tactics (or any other aspect of the John Doe investigations), but witness accounts regarding the two John Doe investigations are remarkably similar: early-morning intrusions, police rushing through the house, and stern commands to remain silent and tell no one about what had occurred.At the same time, the Wisconsin Club for Growth and other conservative organizations received broad subpoenas requiring them to turn over virtually all business records, including  donor information, correspondence with their associates, and all financial information.  The subpoenas also contained dire warnings about disclosure of their existence, threatening contempt of court if the targets spoke publicly.For select conservative families across five counties, this was the terrifying moment   the moment they felt at the mercy of a truly malevolent state.Speaking both on and off the record, targets reflected on how many layers of Wisconsin government failed their fundamental constitutional duties   the prosecutors who launched the rogue investigations, the judge who gave the abuse judicial sanction, investigators who chose to taunt and intimidate during the raids, and those police who ultimately approved and executed aggressive search tactics on law-abiding, peaceful citizens.For some of the families, the trauma of the raids, combined with the stress and anxiety of lengthy criminal investigations, has led to serious emotional repercussions.  Devastating  is how Anne describes the impact on her family.  Life-changing,  she says.  All in terrible ways. O Keefe, who has been in contact with multiple targeted families, says,  Every family I know of that endured a home raid has been shaken to its core, and the fate of marriages and families still hangs in the balance in some cases. Anne also describes a new fear of the police:  I used to support the police, to believe they were here to protect us. Now, when I see an officer, I ll cross the street. I m afraid of them. I know what they re capable of.  Cindy says,  I lock my doors and I close my shades. I don t answer the door unless I am expecting someone. My heart races when I see a police car sitting in front of my house or following me in the car.The raid was so public. I ve been harassed. My house has been vandalized. [She did not identify suspects.] I no longer feel safe, and I don t think I ever will. Rachel talks about the effect on her children.  I tried to create a home where the kids always feel safe. Now they know they re not. They know men with guns can come in their house, and there s nothing we can do.  Every knock on the door brings anxiety. Every call to the house is screened. In the back of her mind is a single, unsettling thought: These people will never stop.Victims of trauma   and every person I spoke with described the armed raids as traumatic   often need to talk, to share their experiences and seek solace in the company of a loving family and supportive friends. The investigators denied them that privilege, and it compounded their pain and fear. The investigation not only damaged families, it also shut down their free speech. In many cases, the investigations halted conservative groups in their tracks.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth described the effect in court filings: O Keefe s associates began cancelling meetings with him and declining to take his calls, reasonably fearful that merely associating with him could make them targets of the investigation.O Keefe was forced to abandon fundraising for the Club because he could no longer guarantee to donors that their identities would remain confidential, could not (due to the Secrecy Order) explain to potential donors the nature of the investigation, could not assuage donors  fears that they might become targets themselves, and could not assure donors that their money would go to fund advocacy rather than legal expenses.The Club was also paralyzed. Its officials could not associate with its key supporters, and its funds were depleted. It could not engage in issue advocacy for fear of criminal sanction.These raids and subpoenas were often based not on traditional notions of probable cause but on mere suspicion, untethered to the law or evidence, and potentially violating the Fourth Amendment s prohibition against  unreasonable searches and seizures.  The very existence of First Amendment protected expression was deemed to be evidence of illegality.The prosecution simply assumed that the conservatives were incapable of operating within the bounds of the law. Even worse, many of the investigators  legal theories, even if proven by the evidence, would not have supported criminal prosecutions. In other words, they were investigating  crimes  that weren t crimes at all.If the prosecutors had applied the same legal standards to the Democrats in their own offices, they would have been forced to turn the raids on themselves. If the prosecutors and investigators had been raided, how many of their computers and smartphones would have contained incriminating information indicating use of government resources for partisan purposes?With the investigations now bursting out into the open, some conservatives began to fight back. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth moved to quash the John Doe subpoenas aimed at them.In a surprise move, Judge Kluka, who had presided over the Doe investigations for more than a year, recused herself from the case. (A political journal, the Wisconsin Reporter, attempted to speak to Judge Kluka about her recusal, but she refused to offer comment.)The new judge in the case, Gregory Peterson, promptly sided with O Keefe and blocked multiple subpoenas, holding (in a sealed opinion obtained by the Wall Street Journal, which has done invaluable work covering the John Doe investigations) that they  do not show probable cause that the moving parties committed any violations of the campaign finance laws. The judge noted that  the State is not claiming that any of the independent organizations expressly advocated  Walker s election. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth followed up Judge Peterson s ruling by filing a federal lawsuit against Chisholm and a number of additional defendants, alleging multiple constitutional violations, including a claim that the investigation constituted unlawful retaliation against the plaintiffs for the exercise of their First Amendment rights.United States District Court judge Rudolph Randa promptly granted the plaintiffs  motion for a preliminary injunction, declaring that  the Defendants must cease all activities related to the investigation, return all property seized in the investigation from any individual or organization, and permanently destroy all copies of information and other materials obtained through the investigation. From that point forward, the case proceeded on parallel state and federal tracks. At the federal level, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Judge Randa s order.Declining to consider the case on the merits, the appeals court found the lawsuit barred by the federal Anti-Injunction Act, which prohibits federal courts from issuing injunctions against some state-court proceedings.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth have petitioned the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari and expect a ruling in a matter of weeks.At the same time, the John Doe prosecutors took their case to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals to attempt to restart the Doe proceedings. The case was ultimately consolidated before the state supreme court, with a ruling also expected in a matter of weeks.And so, almost five years after their secret beginning, the John Doe proceedings are nearly dead   on  life support,  according to one Wisconsin pundit   but incalculable damage has been done, to families, to activist organizations, to the First Amendment, and to the rule of law itself.In international law, the Western world has become familiar with a concept called  lawfare,  a process whereby rogue regimes or organizations abuse legal doctrines and processes to accomplish through sheer harassment and attrition what can t be accomplished through legitimate diplomatic means. The Palestinian Authority and its defenders have become adept at lawfare, putting Israel under increasing pressure before the U.N. and other international bodies.The John Doe investigations are a form of domestic lawfare, and our constitutional system is ill equipped to handle it. Federal courts rarely intervene in state judicial proceedings, state officials rarely lose their array of official immunities for the consequences of their misconduct, and violations of First Amendment freedoms rarely result in meaningful monetary damages for the victims.As Scott Walker runs for president, the national media will finally join the Wall Street Journal in covering John Doe.Given the mainstream media s typical bias and bad faith, they are likely to bring a fresh round of pain to the targets of the investigation; the cloud of suspicion will descend once again; even potential favorable court rulings by either the state supreme court or the U.S. Supreme Court will be blamed on  conservative justices  taking care of their own.Conservatives have looked at Wisconsin as a success story, where Walker took everything the Left threw at him and emerged victorious in three general elections. He broke the power of the teachers  unions and absorbed millions upon millions of dollars of negative ads. The Left kept chanting,  This is what democracy looks like,  and in Wisconsin, democracy looked like Scott Walker winning again and again.Yet in a deeper way, Wisconsin is anything but a success. There were casualties left on the battlefield   innocent citizens victimized by a lawless government mob, public officials who brought the full power of their office down onto the innocent.Governors come and go. Statutes are passed and repealed. Laws and elections are important, to be sure, but the rule of law is more important still. And in Wisconsin, the rule of law hangs in the balance   along with the liberty of citizens.As I finished an interview with one victim still living in fear, still shattered by the experience of nearly losing everything simply because she supported the wrong candidate at the wrong time, I asked whether she had any final thoughts.  Just one,  she replied.  I m hoping for accountability, that someone will be held responsible so that they ll never do this again.  She paused for a moment and then, with voice trembling, said:  No one should ever endure what my family endured. Via: National Review",0
17405,5-Star Mooch and Free-Loading Granny Drop In For Lunch In New York On The Taxpayer’s Dime…,"Nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom No other mother-in-law of a President in the history of the United States has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of Mooch s mom, Marian Robinson. Thanks to Mooch and Barack s generosity with other people s money, she has become accustomed living the high life in our White House. She s been the recipient of an excessive number taxpayer funded luxury vacations planned by Mooch for their extended family and friends.Enjoying a perfect spring day in New York City, the First Lady and  Grandmother-in-chief , Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village.The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the  Chef s Roman Tasting Menu .Outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two.Here a just a few photos from taxpayer funded trips with Mooch and Marian:The taxpayers have been good to Mooch and Marian. As word spread that the First Lady and her mom were dining inside, resident s in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes, keen to get a look.Via: Daily Mail ",0
17406,DEATH PANELS? PRINCETON PROFESSOR WANTS TO KILL DISABLED BABIES And Wants Obamacare To Pay For It,"Hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man According to an article published Sunday by World Net Daily, a Princeton University professor has suggested that severely disabled infants be killed to cut health care costs and for moral reasons. In a radio interview Sunday with Aaron Klein, broadcast on New York s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia s NewsTalk 990 AM, Princeton University ethics professor Peter Singer argued it is  reasonable  for government or private insurance companies to deny treatment to severely disabled babies.Several times during the interview Singer argued the health-care system under Obamacare should openly acknowledge health-care rationing and that the country should acknowledge the necessity of  intentionally ending the lives of severely disabled infants.  Singer also repeatedly referred to a disabled infant as  it  during the interview.According the WND, Singer is well-known for his controversial views on abortion and infanticide. He essentially argues the right to life is related to a being s capacity for intelligence and to hold life preferences, which in turn is directly related to a capacity to feel and comprehend pain and pleasure.Singer told Klein rationing is already happening, saying doctors and hospitals routinely make decisions based on costs. Klein is the host of  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  a syndicated radio program that airs in several markets across the US. Klein is also a columnist at WND. It s different in the U.S. system, in a way, because it doesn t do this overtly; maybe it doesn t do it as much,  Singer explained.  And the result is it spends about twice as much on health care as some other countries for very little extra benefit in terms of the outcome. During the interview Klein quoted from a section of Singer s 1993 treatise  Practical Ethics,  titled  Taking Life: Humans.  In the section, Singer argued for the morality of  non-voluntary euthanasia  for human beings not capable of understanding the choice between life and death, including  severely disabled infants, and people who through accident, illness, or old age have permanently lost the capacity to understand the issue involved. Singer contends that the wrongness of killing a human being is not based on the fact that the individual is alive and human. Instead, Singer argues it is  characteristics like rationality, autonomy, and self-consciousness that make a difference.  When asked by Klein whether he envisions denying treatment to disabled infants to become more common in the US under the new health-care law, Singer replied:  It does happen. Not necessarily because of costs. If an infant is born with a massive hemorrhage in the brain that means it will be so severely disabled that if the infant lives it will never even be able to recognize its mother, it won t be able to interact with any other human being, it will just lie there in the bed and you could feed it but that s all that will happen, doctors will turn off the respirator that is keeping that infant alive. I don t know whether they are influenced by reducing costs,  Singer continued.  Probably they are just influenced by the fact that this will be a terrible burden for the parents to look after, and there will be no quality of life for the child. So we are already taking steps that quite knowingly and intentionally are ending the lives of severely disabled infants. And I think we ought to be more open in recognizing that this happens. Klein then asked singer,  I know that it happens and it happens certainly if the family gives consent. But do you think in the future in order to ensure a more fair rationing of health-care and health-care costs, that it should actually be instituted more? The killing of severely disabled babies? Singer responded by saying the killing of infants would be  quite reasonable  if it saved money that can be used for better purposes. He contended that most people would say they don t want their premiums to be higher  so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Singer s full response: I think if you had a health-care system in which governments were trying to say,  Look, there are some things that don t provide enough benefits given the costs of those treatments. And if we didn t do them we would be able to do a lot more good for other people who have better prospects, then yes.I think it would be reasonable for governments to say,  This treatment is not going to be provided on the national health service if it s a country with a national health service. Or in the United States on Medicare or Medicade. And I think it will be reasonable for insurance companies also to say,  You know, we won t insure you for this or we won t insure you for this unless you are prepared to pay an extra premium, or perhaps they have a fund with lower premiums for people who don t want to insure against that. Because I think most people, when they think about that, would say that s quite reasonable. You know, I don t want my health insurance premiums to be higher so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Via: Examiner.com",0
17407,NO MORE FUN FREEBIES ON BACKS OF HARD WORKING AMERICANS: Kansas Takes “Fun” Activities Out Of Welfare,"Meanwhile, families with two full time working parents have been choosing generic cheerios from the cereal aisle at Kroger and forgoing vacations so welfare recipients can fill their leisure time with fun activities. If you re wondering how we ever got to this point, look no further than the Democrats freebies (on your dime) for votes scheme There s nothing fun about being on welfare, and a new Kansas law aims to keep it that way.Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signed House Bill 2258 into law Thursday. The measure means Kansas families receiving government assistance will no longer be able to use those funds to visit swimming pools, see movies, go gambling or get tattoos on the state s dime.Those are just a few of the restrictions contained within the law that aims to tighten regulations on how poor families spend their government aid. It will go into effect July 1.The measure   called the HOPE Act by supporters    provides an opportunity for success,  Brownback said in a statement after signing the bill.  It s about the dignity of work and helping families move from reliance on a government pittance to becoming self-sufficient by developing the skills to find a well-paying job and build a career. State Sen. Michael O Donnell, a Wichita Republican who has advocated for the bill, said the legislation was designed to pressure those receiving Temporary Assistance for Needy Families to spend  more responsibly. We re trying to make sure those benefits are used the way they were intended,  O Donnell, vice chair of the state senate s standing committee on public health and welfare, told the Topeka Capital-Journal earlier this year.  This is about prosperity. This is about having a great life. That, according to the legislation, means limiting spending on body piercings, massages, spas, tobacco, nail salons, lingerie, arcades, cruise ships or visits to psychics. The measure   which limits TANF recipients from withdrawing more than $25 per day from ATMs   also forbids recipients from spending money at a: theme park, dog or horse racing facility, parimutuel facility, or sexually oriented business or any retail establishment which provides adult-oriented entertainment in which performers disrobe or perform in an unclothed state for entertainment, or in any business or retail establishment where minors under age 18 are not permitted. I just think we are simply saying to people,  If you are asking for assistance in this state, you re sort of less than other people and we re going to tell you how and where to spend your money,  state Rep. Carolyn Bridges, a Wichita Democrat, said during a House debate, according to the Associated Press.The Kansas House and Senate passed the bill April 2 with wide support from Republicans, who control both legislative chambers, according to the APVia: Washington Post",0
17408,(VIDEO) LAWYER FOR “Patriot” Gyrocopter Mailman Who Landed On White House Lawn Asks A Very Good Question," I m Doug Hughes, I m 61 years old and I m a mailman working out of Riverview, Florida. No sane person would do what I m doing. I had carefully planned it so that no one would get hurt, including me especially me. I thought about being 75 years old and watching the collapse of this country, and thinking that I had an idea that might have arrested the fall  and didn t do it. And I will tell you, completely honestly that I d rather die in the flight than live to be 80 years old and see this country fall. The wife of a Florida man who was arrested after he landed a one-man gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol building to protest money in politics insists that her husband is a patriot.While she says that she was not aware that her husband was going to attempt the illegal flight to Washington, Alena Hughes nonetheless believes that her husband is a  patriot  who  loves his country. I think he s a patriot and I m proud of him,  Mrs. Hughes told the media.Still, the whole incident has been  stressful,  Alena said.Doug Hughes, 61, a post office employee from Tampa Bay, Florida, told Capitol police that his gyrocopter mission was to highlight  money in politics  and he intended to deliver a letter to each member of Congress to urge them to initiate campaign finance reform.Since his arrest, the 61-year-old also claimed that the 2012 suicide of his son, John Joseph, also motivated him to make his protest flight.Hughes hired an attorney in Washington, but Mrs. Hughes also hired Paul Carr, her own attorney, just in case.Mrs. Hughes  attorney had an interesting take on Mr. Hughes  actions.  Tell me what restrictions mailmen have to deliver mail,  Carr said. The attorney went on saying,  He has a right to deliver mail. In fact, it s his obligation. Purportedly getting money out of politics has been a long-time goal of the left-wing. But Hughes is fighting against several Supreme Court decisions that holds that donating to politicians and political causes equates to a protected right of free speech. Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS THE VIDEO FOOTAGE TAKEN BY A TEACHER OUTSIDE OF THE WHITE HOUSE AS HUGHES MADE HIS LANDING ON THE WHITE HOUSE LAWN:",0
17409,"(VIDEO) INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY? AIR FORCE VET LOSES $60,000 OVER CIVIL FORFEITURE WITHOUT BEING CHARGED WITH A CRIME","Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty? The government bullies are playing judge, jury and executioner when they take assets in civil forfeiture. Policing for profit Mark Brewer is a decorated Air Force veteran who fought in the global war on terror. But last month, he became a casualty in the drug war.In late March, the U.S. 8th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the federal government could take more than $60,000 of Brewer s cash with civil forfeiture, even though he was never charged with a crime. The decision lets many Midwestern states continue to take property from people who have done nothing wrong.A former military police officer and weapons specialist, Brewer earned several medals during his service in the Air Force, before he was medically discharged in 2008. Brewer said he developed Posttraumatic Stress Disorder after a deployment in Afghanistan.In November 2011, Brewer was driving on Interstate 80 in Nebraska, when Douglas County Sheriff s Deputy Dave Wintle pulled Brewer over for crossing traffic lanes without signaling. During the stop, Wintle performed a criminal background check, which  revealed no major violations. After gaining Brewer s consent, Wintle walked around the car with a canine unit; the dog alerted to the trunk. When he searched the trunk, Wintle found two backpacks that had a  strong odor of raw marijuana  and $63,530 in cash.Brewer said he was travelling to Los Angles to visit his uncle and planned to use the money as a down payment for a house. According to Brewer, he had been saving that cash during his military service and from disability payments. Wintle did not believe his story, so Brewer s cash was seized and his car was towed. At the Douglas County Sheriff s Office, a later search  located disability documents, old paystubs and tax returns in the vehicle, along with two articles entitled  How to Make Wicked Hash  and  How to Make Weed Oil Without Blowing Yourself Up. But deputies never found any drugs in the car. Nor did the government ever charge Brewer with a crime. Deputy Wintle didn t even issue Brewer a traffic citation the basis for the stop.Read more: Forbes",0
17410,WHY CHRISTIANS ARE ASKING THEIR FELLOW CHRISTIANS TO WEAR ORANGE TO CHURCH #orangejumpsuit,"It s about time Rev. Patrick Mahoney, of Church on the Hill in Washington, D.C. says that Christians in America cannot afford to be silent about what s going on.Speaking with Fox News on Friday, he discussed the persecution of Christians worldwide. Every five minutes, a Christian dies for their faith around the world. That s over 100,000  a year, he said.Mahoney started the #orangejumpsuit project to raise awareness, encouraging supporters to wear orange in a show of support for Christians being murdered for their faith. The color represents the jumpsuits worn by captives of ISIS, including the 20 Egyptian Copts beheaded in Libya in February.As Christians around the country embrace the campaign by wearing orange to church, Mahoney argued that it is not a strictly Christian movement. Americans need to realize we are seeing a genocide the likes we have not seen in a generation,  he said.And for women, forced into marriages and sold into sex trafficking operations, he said, it is  especially horrifying. Mahoney has been working with religious leaders of many faiths   including Muslims   to be more vocal in condemning the persecutions.He recently stood outside the White House personally wearing an orange jumpsuit bearing the name of Saeed Abedini, an American pastor jailed in Iran.Via: Biz Pac Review",0
17411,"LOW FLUSH TOILETS, DELTA SMELT, PAYOFFS, NEIGHBORHOOD SNITCHES AND STATISTS…Why The Radical Left Is Lying About A Water Crisis In CA","Dr. Gina Loudon is hands down one of our favorite conservative writers. She nails it with this piece about the truth behind the lies of the California drought I found it supremely ironic this week that two of the big stories were about a man-made lack of water in California, and a man lost in a vast sea off of Florida.Gov. Jerry  Moonbeam  Brown announced the dire circumstances, not from the Capitol in Sacramento, but from the dramatic backdrop of a mountaintop. His narrative held that there should be five feet of  snow pack,  but alas, there was none. Brown, and the radical Marxists, couched as  environmentalists  he represents, have convinced most Americans to hold two radically opposing views simultaneously. Ostensibly, California is in danger of being flooded by rising sea levels caused by global warming and melting polar ice caps, and it is also utterly out of water.There is no shortage of water. This is an environmentalist-created drought that is costing billions.I waver between utter disgust and admiration when I watch how the leftists sell these things, always with straight faces. Every major news outlet in America and many around the world swallowed the narrative like fish on a baited hook. They tell us there is no water, no snow to provide water for the summer, and the farmers are taking too much so people must suffer. There is an all-out war on grass, and no one is safe. Sorry, Shaggy, your  grass  is to blame as well.There is hand wringing in every club house as the boards are told they are coming for the rough grass, your fairways and greens are safe, for now. Evil rich guys in colorful knickers and almond farmers in overalls are the scourge of California. Off with their heads! Oh, and you can forget about the luxury of children playing on the lawn. If you want that, you breeders should move to flyover land! Don t you dare sneak and water the backyard after dark; Brown makes it easy for your neighbors to snitch on you. I m not making this up. They really have a state hotline for that.Those of us who pay attention know well the proverb,  Where there is no vision, the people perish.  The people who built California into the greatest agricultural producer in America gave us dams, canals, reservoirs and all kinds of conveyance of water. They harnessed the rivers that reach from the Pacific Northwest down well into Northern California and even draw water to the Golden State from the Colorado River. That was then. Nothing has changed since then, except political power.For the last several decades, the radical fringe has taken full control of California, and it hates people. Dennis Prager observed that statists love humanity but hate humans. Watch how they latch onto dreams of egalitarian states but begin the execution of their plans by marginalizing, isolating and then executing anyone who disagrees with them. They dine in the finest restaurants in San Francisco, the likes of Brown, Pelosi, Boxer and Feinstein, planning lawsuits to cut the flow of water to the farms of Central California and the people in Southern California, caring not a wit that 40,000 agricultural workers, mostly Hispanic, are unemployed.Just this week, in the middle of a human crisis, federal fish agents ordered the release of billions of gallons of water purportedly to save six fish. You read that right. Not to save six species of fish, but literally, six fish. Apparently, these special six stood their, err ground, and when 29 of their compadres rode the 10 billion gallon man-made wave to the ocean in March, they refused to go with the flow (sorry).You can t make this stuff up. But when you do, people actually believe it.So Obama administration agents want a second toilet flush to give these hard-headed steelheads a second nudge. The idea that nature itself may be holding the fish where they are is of no concern to statists who love telling both man and beast what they think is good for them. Sadly, this latest mind-boggling atrocity is getting very little media coverage. I found excellent coverage in the Manteca Bulletin. Why hasn t the Los Angeles Times reported on this?The current shortage is based primarily on the release of billions of gallons daily into the San Francisco Bay to sustain the bait fish known as the Delta smelt. This is a simple distribution issue; there is plenty of water.Prior to the statists taking over California, massive pumps were diverting water from rivers into the canal system (built before Brown and his ilk took control of the state). They have all but turned these pumps off to protect the fish from their Darwinian demise, and billions upon billions of gallons of fresh water is continuously dumped into the ocean.For the people-hating San Francisco cabal, cutting off water from the people is the real goal. They want fewer people to begin with, but the ultimate goal is control. Few environmentalists admit it publicly, but they want zero farming in the central valley, preferring to  allow  land to return to its prehistoric state. The cabal wants to control water so they can control people. Brown is just the messenger today. He is telling America that water access is a privilege, he has the power to pick winners and losers, and we have to just take it.If Brown decides tomorrow that he wants to withhold water from almond farmers, Americans will just have to accept it. Have you ever wondered why any business owner would give campaign donations to Marxist, business-hating politicians? Now you know why. They must give to buy protection. Business owners do not donate to Brown, Pelosi or Harry Reid because those politicians are good for business; they give to be sure they are not the next targets.The problem with all of this is that water is a limitless natural resource. Just ask the sailor who faced drowning daily or the people in the Midwest who were deluged this week. It is one thing to argue for conservation of animals, or even trees, or  green space,  but water? Water is a limitless natural resource. Not even the most self-important leftist believes he could make water go away, no matter how hard he tried. How did they convince us to accept this lie?They got us to buy the lie that water is scarce by telling it often enough and pounding it into generations of schoolchildren. Using federal law and acts of Congress, they forced people from water-soaked regions to accept low flush or what some call  two flush  toilets the same as desert-dwelling Californians. And we fell for it. At least the Democrats among us fell for it.Thus it is that Brown got to have his cake and eat it, too. He told Californians, and really all Americans and the world, that lack of water was not his fault for lacking the vision to feed the distribution system created by the real men who built California. He repeats that it is not the fault of the Marxists  Endangered Species Act that prefers hard-headed fish over people. The lack of water is the result of the lack of  snow pack,  which is the result of  climate change,  which is the result of greedy people being well, people. The Delta smelt and steelhead trout must live and we mere humans should all just die.Meanwhile, Jerry Brown is committed to spending $100 billion for trains, but he has made zero commitment to allowing water to flow to people instead of fish, and zero commitment to finding funding for his  twin tunnels  alternate solution. And why would he? We are cutting back our water use, ratting on our neighbors and accepting higher produce prices across America. The Marxists in San Francisco are toasting total victory. The farmers and country club board members are suing for peace. Lord help usVia: WND",0
17412,ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PLANS ‘BLACKS ONLY’ FIELD TRIP TO COLLEGE FOR THIRD GRADERS,"Because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?Parents criticized Indiana school officials Thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders, ABC 57 reported.School officials defended the trip, saying the outing sends a positive message to black students who may believe the prospect of college is out of reach. We take them to a college campus, have them meet African-American students, modeling the idea that as a black person, college is a great place,  Dr. G. David Moss, the head of the African-American services at the South Bend Community Schools Corporation, told the station.The initiative has been criticized by parents in the community, not because of its ambitions, but because it excludes students with other backgrounds.One parent whose son is going on the trip told the station that she believes  all kids should be going. Moss told the station that he did not mean to offend anyone with the trips, but said he was hired to  look at the issues facing African-American kids  in the community.Via: FOX News",0
17413,FLASHBACK: HILLARY COURTS ILLEGAL ALIEN VOTE BY LYING About Her Three “Immigrant” Grandparents,"As it turns out, 67 year old Hillary Cinton used to hear her grandparents talk about the immigrant experience when she was a young girl, so she just thought they were immigrants Mission accomplished. No more clarification is necessary.On Wednesday in Iowa, Hillary Clinton invented three immigrant grandparents to push for more foreign workers. All my grandparents, you know, came over here and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and worked there until he retired at 65,  she reportedly said.  So I sit here and I think well you re talking about the second, third generation. That s me, that s you. But according to a BuzzFeed report, three of her grandparents were born in the United States while her paternal grandfather was an immigrant from England. Last year, Clinton also falsely claimed that her paternal grandmother, Hanna Jones Rodham,  immigrated with her family as a young girl to Scranton. As BuzzFeed noted, according to Census records,  Hanna Jones Rodham, Clinton s paternal grandmother (the wife of Hugh Rodham Sr.) was born in Pennsylvania in 1882, according to the 1910 census  while her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr.,  was born in England and immigrated with his parents as a child.  Clinton s maternal grandparents were both born in Illinois, according to Census records.A Clinton spokesperson told BuzzFeed that Clinton s  grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and, as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants.   As has been correctly pointed out, while her grandfather was an immigrant, it appears that Hillary s grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the U.S. in the early 1880s,  he added.Clinton invented her immigrant grandparents while pushing for more foreign workers, which may not resonate with the  everyday Americans  who have not recovered from the recession and are trying to move up the economic ladder. We are turning down people who really want to work. I mean they are here to work And a lot of them now have children who are American citizens, and they are doing the best they can to try to make a good life for themselves and their families,  she reportedly said at a campaign event at Capital City Fruit.  And we are saying to all these other people who want the same dreams and the same aspirations and the willingness to work hard just like our families did that no, we re not going to make it easy for you, we re not going to make it legal for you. And I just think that s such a short term, unfortunate outcome for us and well as for them. Via: Breitbart News",0
17414,STEVE JOBS’ WIDOW ANNOUNCES SUPPORT FOR “Revolutionary” HILLARY On Same Day Hillary’s Busted For Faking This…,"You d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum, question Hillary s integrity Apple founder Steve Jobs  widow Laurene has told of her admiration for Democratic White House front-runner Hillary Clinton.Ms Jobs, 51, called former First Lady Hillary a  revolutionary  woman, and added that it s not just because she s a woman   but  the type of woman she is .Speaking to Time 100, Ms Jobs said:  Hillary Clinton is not familiar. She is revolutionary. Not radical, but revolutionary: The distinction is crucial. She is one of America s greatest modern creations. Her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities. Indeed, those same decades have conferred upon her what newness usually lacks: judgment, and even wisdom. Oops wrong picture! It matters, of course, that Hillary is a woman. But what matters more is what kind of woman she is. Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday   and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet  ordinary  voters in Iowa.But she was blasted for her  staged  visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa.Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated  from beginning to end .Bird told Daily Mail Online that campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city. Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.The three got the lion s share of Mrs. Clinton s time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a  roundtable  the first of many in her brief Iowa campaign swing. Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events. He interned with President Obama s 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014 when he visited Davenport. What happened is, we were just asked to be there by Troy,  Bird said Wednesday in a phone interview. We were asked to come to a meeting with Troy, the three of us, at the Village Inn. The other two, he confirmed, were University of Iowa College Democrats president Carter Bell and Planned Parenthood of the Heartland employee Sara Sedlacek. It was supposed to be a strategy meeting,  Bird recalled,  to get our thoughts about issues. But then all of a sudden he says,  Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her? And then we got in a car   Troy s car   and we went up to the coffee house, and we sat at a table and then Hillary just came up and talked with us. Bird said  we all were called. I mean, Troy asked us all to do   to go to a meeting with him. And we didn t really know what it was about. I mean, he did. He knew. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17415,"HILLARY CLINTON: We All Know She’s Deceitful And Dishonest, But I Bet You Didn’t Know This…"," She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. I ve decided to reprint a piece of work I did nearly five years ago, because it seems very relevant today given Hillary Clinton s performance in the Benghazi hearings. Back in 2008 when she was running for president, I interviewed two erstwhile staff members of the House Judiciary Committee who were involved with the atergate investigation when Hillary was a low-level staffer there. I interviewed one Democrat staffer and one Republican staffer, and wrote two pieces based on what they told me about Hillary s conduct at the time.I published these pieces back in 2008 for North Star Writers Group, the syndicate I ran at the time. This was the most widely read piece we ever had at NSWG, but because NSWG never gained the high-profile status of the major syndicates, this piece still didn t reach as many people as I thought it deserved to. Today, given the much broader reach of CainTV and yet another incidence of Hillary s arrogance in dealing with a congressional committee, I think it deserves another airing. For the purposes of simplicity, I ve combined the two pieces into one very long one. If you re interested in understanding the true character of Hillary Clinton, it s worth your time to read it.As Hillary Clinton came under increasing scrutiny for her story about facing sniper fire in Bosnia, one question that arose was whether she has engaged in a pattern of lying.The now-retired general counsel and chief of staff of the House Judiciary Committee, who supervised Hillary when she worked on the Watergate investigation, says Hillary s history of lies and unethical behavior goes back farther   and goes much deeper   than anyone realizes.Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old Hillary Rodham on the committee. Hillary got a job working on the investigation at the behest of her former law professor, Burke Marshall, who was also Sen. Ted Kennedy s chief counsel in the Chappaquiddick affair. When the investigation was over, Zeifman fired Hillary from the committee staff and refused to give her a letter of recommendation   one of only three people who earned that dubious distinction in Zeifman s 17-year career.Why? Because she was a liar,  Zeifman said in an interview last week.  She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that? She couldn t do it by herself, but Zeifman said she was one of several individuals   including Marshall, special counsel John Doar and senior associate special counsel (and future Clinton White House Counsel) Bernard Nussbaum   who engaged in a seemingly implausible scheme to deny Richard Nixon the right to counsel during the investigatioWhy would they want to do that? Because, according to Zeifman, they feared putting Watergate break-in mastermind E. Howard Hunt on the stand to be cross-examined by counsel to the president. Hunt, Zeifman said, had the goods on nefarious activities in the Kennedy Administration that would have made Watergate look like a day at the beach   including Kennedy s purported complicity in the attempted assassination of Fidel Castro.The actions of Hillary and her cohorts went directly against the judgment of top Democrats, up to and including then-House Majority Leader Tip O Neill, that Nixon clearly had the right to counsel. Zeifman says that Hillary, along with Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar, was determined to gain enough votes on the Judiciary Committee to change House rules and deny counsel to Nixon. And in order to pull this off, Zeifman says Hillary wrote a fraudulent legal brief, and confiscated public documents to hide her deception.The brief involved precedent for representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding. When Hillary endeavored to write a legal brief arguing there is no right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding, Zeifman says, he told Hillary about the case of Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas, who faced an impeachment attempt in 1970. As soon as the impeachment resolutions were introduced by (then-House Minority Leader Gerald) Ford, and they were referred to the House Judiciary Committee, the first thing Douglas did was hire himself a lawyer,  Zeifman said.The Judiciary Committee allowed Douglas to keep counsel, thus establishing the precedent. Zeifman says he told Hillary that all the documents establishing this fact were in the Judiciary Committee s public files. So what did Hillary do? Hillary then removed all the Douglas files to the offices where she was located, which at that time was secured and inaccessible to the public,  Zeifman said. Hillary then proceeded to write a legal brief arguing there was no precedent for the right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding   as if the Douglas case had never occurred.The brief was so fraudulent and ridiculous, Zeifman believes Hillary would have been disbarred if she had submitted it to a judge.Zeifman says that if Hillary, Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar had succeeded, members of the House Judiciary Committee would have also been denied the right to cross-examine witnesses, and denied the opportunity to even participate in the drafting of articles of impeachment against Nixon.Of course, Nixon s resignation rendered the entire issue moot, ending Hillary s career on the Judiciary Committee staff in a most undistinguished manner. Zeifman says he was urged by top committee members to keep a diary of everything that was happening. He did so, and still has the diary if anyone wants to check the veracity of his story. Certainly, he could not have known in 1974 that diary entries about a young lawyer named Hillary Rodham would be of interest to anyone 34 years later.But they show that the pattern of lies, deceit, fabrications and unethical behavior was established long ago   long before the Bosnia lie, and indeed, even before cattle futures, Travelgate and Whitewater   for the woman who is still asking us to make her president of the United States.Franklin Polk, who served at the time as chief Republican counsel on the committee, confirmed many of these details in two interviews he granted me this past Friday, although his analysis of events is not always identical to Zeifman s. Polk specifically confirmed that Hillary wrote the memo in question, and confirmed that Hillary ignored the Douglas case. (He said he couldn t confirm or dispel the part about Hillary taking the Douglas files.)To Polk, Hillary s memo was dishonest in the sense that she tried to pretend the Douglas precedent didn t exist. But unlike Zeifman, Polk considered the memo dishonest in a way that was more stupid than sinister. Hillary should have mentioned that (the Douglas case), and then tried to argue whether that was a change of policy or not instead of just ignoring it and taking the precedent out of the opinion,  Polk said.Polk recalled that the attempt to deny counsel to Nixon upset a great many members of the committee, including just about all the Republicans, but many Democrats as well. The argument sort of broke like a firestorm on the committee, and I remember Congressman Don Edwards was very upset,  Polk said.  He was the chairman of the subcommittee on constitutional rights. But in truth, the impeachment precedents are not clear. Let s put it this way. In the old days, from the beginning of the country through the 1800s and early 1900s, there were precedents that the target or accused did not have the right to counsel. That s why Polk believes Hillary s approach in writing the memorandum was foolish. He says she could have argued that the Douglas case was an isolated example, and that other historical precedents could apply.But Zeifman says the memo and removal of the Douglas files was only part the effort by Hillary, Doar, Nussbaum and Marshall to pursue their own agenda during the investigation.After my first column, some readers wrote in claiming Zeifman was motivated by jealousy because he was not appointed as the chief counsel in the investigation, with that title going to Doar instead.Zeifman s account is that he supported the appointment of Doar because he, Zeifman, a) did not want the public notoriety that would come with such a high-profile role; and b) didn t have much prosecutorial experience. When he started to have a problem with Doar and his allies was when Zeifman and others, including House Majority Leader Tip O Neill and Democratic committee member Jack Brooks of Texas, began to perceive Doar s group as acting outside the directives and knowledge of the committee and its chairman, Peter Rodino.(O Neill died in 1994. Brooks is still living and I tried unsuccessfully to reach him. I d still like to.)This culminated in a project to research past presidential abuses of power, which committee members felt was crucial in aiding the decisions they would make in deciding how to handle Nixon s alleged offenses.According to Zeifman and other documents, Doar directed Hillary to work with a group of Yale law professors on this project. But the report they generated was never given to the committee. Zeifman believes the reason was that the report was little more than a whitewash of the Kennedy years   a part of the Burke Marshall-led agenda of avoiding revelations during the Watergate investigation that would have embarrassed the Kennedys.The fact that the report was kept under wraps upset Republican committee member Charles Wiggins of California, who wrote a memo to his colleagues on the committee that read in part:Within the past few days, some disturbing information has come to my attention. It is requested that the facts concerning the matter be investigated and a report be made to the full committee as it concerns us all.Early last spring when it became obvious that the committee was considering presidential  abuse of power  as a possible ground of impeachment, I raised the question before the full committee that research should be undertaken so as to furnish a standard against which to test the alleged abusive conduct of Richard Nixon.As I recall, several other members joined with me in this request. I recall as well repeating this request from time to time during the course of our investigation. The staff, as I recall, was noncommittal, but it is certain that no such staff study was made available to the members at any time for their use.Wiggins believed the report was purposely hidden from committee members. Chairman Rodino denied this, and said the reason Hillary s report was not given to committee members was that it contained no value. It s worth noting, of course, that the staff member who made this judgment was John Doar.In a four-page reply to Wiggins, Rodino wrote in part:Hillary Rodham of the impeachment inquiry staff coordinated the work. . . . After the staff received the report it was reviewed by Ms. Rodham, briefly by Mr. Labovitz and Mr. Sack, and by Doar. The staff did not think the manuscript was useful in its present form. . . .In your letter you suggest that members of the staff may have intentionally suppressed the report during the course of its investigation. That was not the case.As a matter of fact, Mr. Doar was more concerned that any highlight of the project might prejudice the case against President Nixon. The fact is that the staff did not think the material was usable by the committee in its existing form and had not had time to modify it so it would have practical utility for the members of the committee. I was informed and agreed with the judgment.Mr. Labovitz, by the way, was John Labovitz, another member of the Democratic staff. I spoke with Labovitz this past Friday as well, and he is no fan of Jerry Zeifman. If it s according to Zeifman, it s inaccurate from my perspective,  Labovitz said. He bases that statement on a recollection that Zeifman did not actually work on the impeachment inquiry staff, although that is contradicted not only by Zeifman but Polk as well.Labovitz said he has no knowledge of Hillary having taken any files, and defended her no-right-to-counsel memo on the grounds that, if she was assigned to write a memo arguing a point of view, she was merely following orders.But as both Zeifman and Polk point out, that doesn t mean ignoring background of which you are aware, or worse, as Zeifman alleges, confiscating documents that disprove your argument.All told, Polk recalls the actions of Hillary, Doar and Nussbaum as more amateurish than anything else. Of course the Republicans went nuts,  Polk said.  But so did some of the Democrats   some of the most liberal Democrats. It was more like these guys   Doar and company   were trying to manage the members of Congress, and it was like,  Who s in charge here?  If you want to convict a president, you want to give him all the rights possible. If you re going to give him a trial, for him to say,  My rights were denied,    it was a stupid effort by people who were just politically tone deaf. So this was a big deal to people in the proceedings on the committee, no question about it. And Jerry Zeifman went nuts, and rightfully so. But my reaction wasn t so much that it was underhanded as it was just stupid. Polk recalls Zeifman sharing with him at the time that he believed Hillary s primary role was to report back to Burke Marshall any time the investigation was taking a turn that was not to the liking of the Kennedys. Jerry used to give the chapter and verse as to how Hillary was the mole into the committee works as to how things were going,  Polk said.  And she d be feeding information back to Burke Marshall, who, at least according to Jerry, was talking to the Kennedys. And when something was off track in the view of the Kennedys, Burke Marshall would call John Doar or something, and there would be a reconsideration of what they were talking about. Jerry used to tell me that this was Hillary s primary function. Zeifman says he had another staff member get him Hillary s phone records, which showed that she was calling Burke Marshall at least once a day, and often several times a day.A final note about all this: I wrote my first column on this subject because, in the aftermath of Hillary being caught in her Bosnia fib, I came in contact with Jerry Zeifman and found his story compelling. Zeifman has been trying to tell his story for many years, and the mainstream media have ignored him. I thought it deserved an airing as a demonstration of how early in her career Hillary began engaging in self-serving, disingenuous conduct.Disingenuously arguing a position? Vanishing documents? Selling out members of her own party to advance a personal agenda? Classic Hillary. Neither my first column on the subject nor this one were designed to show that Hillary is dishonest. I don t really think that s in dispute. Rather, they were designed to show that she has been this way for a very long time   a fact worth considering for anyone contemplating voting for her for president of the United States.By the way, there s something else that started a long time ago. She would go around saying,  I m dating a person who will some day be president,  Polk said.  It was like a Babe Ruth call. And because of that comment she made, I watched Bill Clinton s political efforts as governor of Arkansas, and I never counted him out because she had made that forecast. Bill knew what he wanted a long time ago. Clearly, so did Hillary, and her tactics for trying to achieve it were established even in those early days.Vote wisely.Via: Patriot Net Daily",0
17416,BREAKING: VIDEO OF YOUNG OBAMA EMERGES Discussing Mentor Frank Marshall Davis’ Advice About Growing Up In A White Racist World,"Who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism, communism and hate for America?In his 1995 book, Dreams from My Father, Barack Obama never discussed the identity of the mysterious  Frank  who had given him important advice on growing up black in what was described as a white racist world. We learned in 2008 that  Frank  was Frank Marshall Davis, a member of the Communist Party who was the subject of a 600-page FBI file. Still, the major media never asked Obama about this important relationship during his growing up years in Hawaii.Now, in an extraordinary development, video of Obama explicitly and openly identifying  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis has suddenly surfaced on the Internet. The footage is said to have been recorded on September 20, 1995, with the program originally airing on Channel 37 Cambridge Municipal Television as an episode of the show,  The Author Series. It s not clear how many saw this program when it aired. For some reason, this  From the Vault  Barack Obama presentation was just recently posted on YouTube. In the video, Obama is introduced as a Harvard Law School student and President of the Harvard Law Review. He discusses  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis at about 8:37 in the video.In his remarks, Obama never identifies Davis as a communist or even a leftist. But the remarks do reflect the significant influence that Davis had over his young life as he was growing up in Hawaii. Obama talks about how Davis  schools  him on the subject of race relations. The term implies a teacher-student relationship the two of them had, confirming what we had reported back in 2008, that Davis had functioned as Obama s  mentor. It s important to understand what Obama is saying here. Getting ready to read directly from his book, Dreams from My Father, Obama talks about the passages ending with  me having a conversation with a close friend of my maternal grandfather, a close friend of gramps, a black man from Kansas, named Frank, actually at the time a fairly well-known poet named Frank Marshall Davis, who had moved to Hawaii and lived there, and so I have a discussion with him about the kinds of frustrations I m having, and he sorts of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations Davis was indeed a black poet. His works included attacks on Christianity. One Davis poem referred to Christ irreverently as a  nigger.  Davis was himself an atheist.However, Davis was better known as a communist propagandist whose work for the Communist Party in Hawaii earned him surveillance by the FBI and placement on its  security index.  Davis was also a pornographer who engaged in bizarre sexual practices, even pedophilia.Needless to say, Obama s willingness to identify  Frank  as Davis before this audience raises questions as to why  Frank  wasn t identified by his full name Frank Marshall Davis in the book itself. Obama made references to  Frank  22 times throughout his book. Paul Kengor notes that Obama s audio version of Dreams from My Father omitted every reference to  Frank  that was in the book. Those omissions were clearly designed to keep people from asking questions about  Frank,  since Obama was considering a run for the presidency.Today, in 2015, discovering film of Obama identifying  Frank  as Davis is confirmation of the obvious. It doesn t make a lot of difference politically, since Obama is serving out his second term. But it could have made a difference seven years ago, in 2008, when we identified  Frank  as Davis, during Obama s campaign for his first term in office.The clip of Obama talking about Davis during his 1995 Cambridge presentation is important for other reasons, however.By his own admission, Obama was preoccupied with his own feelings and thoughts about race relations. He saw himself as an  angry young man  whose father was absent from his life. He said he was  without father figures around who might guide and steer my anger. That s significant because it s clear, from the passages he reads, that Davis became that father figure. Davis was indeed picked by his white grandfather to be a role model or father figure for the young Barack Obama.In the passages he read back in 1995, Obama discussed inviting some white friends to a black party and seeing them squirm.  They re trying to tap their foot to the beat and being extraordinarily friendly,  he said. They are trying to fit in but they are uncomfortable and they tell Obama they want to leave. Obama concluded,  What I have had to put up with every day of my life is something that they find so objectionable that they can t even put up with a day. This is like a revelation to Obama about the world of white racism. All of this he says  triggers  something in his head and he comprehends a  new map of the world.  He gets a sense of the anger and betrayal in society and even in his own family, where he is being raised by his white grandfather,  Gramps,  and white grandmother,  Toot.  This leads him to seek advice from  Frank.  Frank Marshall Davis then  sort of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations,  Obama says.The passages that he reads from the book before the Cambridge audience include a discussion of when his own white grandmother was accosted by a black panhandler. Davis told Obama that his grandmother was right to be scared and that  She understands that black people have reason to hate. In other words, Davis did not encourage Obama to pursue racial harmony or reconciliation. He told Obama that blacks have a reason, or right, to hate.Via:AIM.comh/t Weasel Zippers",0
17417,(VIDEO) ICE DIRECTOR: AGENTS COULD BE FIRED IF THEY DON’T ENFORCE OBAMA’S LAWLESS IMMIGRATION POLICY,"It s simple and it s wrong: The Obama border policy asks ICE agents to disobey federal law. It would be nice if people we ve elected to Congress would stand up for the LEGAL citizens of America. It s literally been an invasion from Central America that is now on its second wave. Please pick up the phone and call your ELECTED Congressmen and tell them to do their job! It does make a difference!During a hearing on ICE oversight on April 14, Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) referred to Obama s statement during a town hall event in February, during which the President said there would be  consequences  for ICE agents who enforce federal immigration laws outside of his mandated enforcement priorities.Representative Franks then asked Saldana what those consequences would be. The president also said, and I know this question was proffered earlier, if somebody s working for ICE and they don t follow this policy, there s going to be consequences for it,  Franks explained.  Have you enforced that? I mean is there, are there consequences for not following that policy? There are consequences for not following the rule of the employee s status with the agency. I have a whole manual on that     Saldana said before being cut off. What would the consequences be if someone in the position that required them to follow through with the president s directives   and again we ll set the constitutional issue aside for the moment, if the president s done that then I guess we can do that   what would be the consequences for doing that?  Franks pressed. Well, whether it s that directive, or assaulting an employee in the office, or not abiding by some other rule or policy, the range of punishment can range from anything to a verbal meeting, where you counsel that person, to ultimately what s available to any employer and that s termination,  Saldana said.",0
17418,TREY GOWDY TO DEA CHIEF ON MISCONDUCT: “WHAT THE HELL DO YOU GET TO DO?!”, ,0
17419,MEDIA COULDN’T BE FOUND DURING BENGHAZI SCANDAL…But Watch Them Sprint After Hillary’s “Scooby” Van To Catch Her First Campaign Stop,Not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  They re the reason the most crooked woman in America is even a contender in this race.,0
17420,HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",0
17421,Lesbians4Hillary? Wait…What About Her Unyielding Support For Traditional Marriage In This Video?,"Yep Hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. Or is she? It s hard to tell exactly what Hillary stands for. She seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. Hillary Clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the White House: The nation s largest lesbian political action committee.The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady s bid to become the nation s first female president.Lesbians4Hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, said:  Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion   specifically for women and the LGBTQ community. Her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next President of the United States of America. I am honored to join LPAC and help lead our effort to elect Hillary Clinton in 2016.  King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group  Women for Hillary  in 2008, as well.But wait what about this video showing Hillary s unyielding support for traditional marriage?In the video released yesterday announcing Clinton s candidacy for president, two gay couples were included. Among them, two lesbians who look lovingly into each other s eyes.However, in her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage. It took her five years   to publicly say that she supported gay marriage. President Barack Obama publicly announced his support for gay marriage nearly a year earlier in March 2012.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
17422,THE LIST OF OBAMA’S HISTORIC FIRSTS AKA HOW CHICAGO POLITICS CORRUPTED WASHINGTON EVEN MORE,"Wow! What a list of accomplishments! The problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. Just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and Chicago style politics transplanted to D.C. via Obama. Not pretty!Law and Justice  First President to Violate the War Powers Act (Unilaterally Executing American Military Operations in Libya Without Informing Congress In the Required Time Period   Source: Huffington Post)  First President to Triple the Number of Warrantless Wiretaps of U.S. Citizens (Source: ACLU)   First President to Sign into Law a Bill That Permits the Government to  Hold Anyone Suspected of Being Associated With Terrorism Indefinitely, Without Any Form of Due Process. No Indictment. No Judge or Jury. No Evidence. No Trial. Just an Indefinite Jail Sentence  (NDAA Bill   Source: Business Insider)   First President to Refuse to Tell the Public What He Did For Eight (8) Hours After Being Informed That a U.S. Ambassador Was Facing Imminent Death During a Terror Attack (Source: Mediate)   First President to Lie About the Reason For an Ambassador s Death, Blaming it on an Internet Video Rather Than What He Knew to be the Case: the Al Qaeda-linked Terror Group Ansar al-Sharia (Source: House Oversight Committee, et. al.)   First President to Have an Innocent Filmmaker Thrown in Jail After Lying About the Cause for a Deadly Attack on U.S. Diplomats, Using the Filmmaker as a Scapegoat (Source: CNN)   First President to Use the IRS to  Unfairly Target Political Enemies  as Well as pro-Catholic and pro-Jewish Groups (Source: Sen. Ted Cruz)   First President to Unlawfully Seize Telephone Records of More than 100 Reporters to Intimidate and/or Bully Them (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Witness a Single Cabinet Secretary Commit Multiple Hatch Act Violations Without Acting, Speaking Out, Disciplining or Firing That Person (Source: New York Times)   First President to Systematically Release Detained Illegal Aliens Charged With Homicide Into the U.S. Population (Source: USA Today)   First President to Release 40,000 Illegal Aliens with Serious and/or Violent Criminal Records Inside the U.S. (Source: Judicial Watch)   First President to Create Secret Police Units Inside Government Agencies to Block Lawful Investigations by Inspectors General (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Personally Lobby Senators to Violate Senate Rules and Destroy the Filibuster Through  The Nuclear Option  to Consolidate More Executive Power (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to create his own propaganda news network and  bypass journalists   [having] developed [his] own network of websites, social media and even created an online newscast to dispense favorable information and images  (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Barricade Open-Air Government Monuments During a Partial Government Shutdown (Source: Rep. Steve Stockman)   First President to Have His Attorney General Held in Criminal Contempt of Congress For His Efforts to Cover Up Operation Fast and Furious, That Killed Over 300 Individuals (Source: Politico)   First President to claim Executive Privilege to shield a sitting Attorney General from a Contempt of Congress finding for perjury and withholding evidence from lawful subpoenas (Source: Business Insider)   First President to Issue Unlawful  Recess-Appointments  Over a Long Weekend   While the U.S. Senate Remained in Session (against the advice of his own Justice Department   Source: United States Court of Appeals)   First President to Fire an Inspector General of Americorps for Catching One of His Friends in a Corruption Case (Source: Gawker)   First President to  Order a Secret Amnesty Program that Stopped the Deportations of Illegal Immigrants Across the U.S., Including Those With Criminal Convictions  (Source: DHS documents uncovered by Judicial Watch)   First President to Sue States for Enforcing Voter ID Requirements, Which Were Previously Ruled Legal by the U.S. Supreme Court (Source: CNN)   First President to Encourage Racial Discrimination and Intimidation at Polling Places (the New Black Panthers voter intimidation case, Source: Investors Business Daily)   First President to Refuse to Comply With a House Oversight Committee Subpoena (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Arbitrarily Declare an Existing Law Unconstitutional and Refuse to Enforce It (Defense of Marriage Act   Source: ABC News)   First President to Increase Surveillance of American Citizen Under the Patriot Act by 1,000 Percent in Four Years (Source: NBC News)   First president to appoint a convicted cop killer s advocate to the Department of Justice (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First Administration to Be Ruled by a Federal Judge as Aiding and Abetting Human Trafficking (Source: Federal District Court Judge Andrew S. Hanen)   First President to Demand a Company Hand Over $20 Billion to One of His Political Appointees (BP Oil Spill Relief Fund   Source: Fox News)   First President to Have a Law Signed By an  Auto-pen  Without Being  Present  (Source: The New York Times) Scandals   First President to publicly announce an enemies list (consisting of his opponents campaign contributors; and to use the instrumentalities of government to punish those on the list   Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Attempt to Block Legally-Required 60-Day Layoff Notices by Government Contractors Due to His Own Cuts to Defense Spending   Because The Notices Would Occur Before the Election. (Source: National Journal)   First President to Intentionally Disable Credit Card Security Measures (in order to allow over-the-limit donations, foreign contributions and other illegal fundraising measures   Source: Power Line)   First President to send 80 percent of a $16 billion program (green energy) to his campaign bundlers and contributors, leaving only 20% to those who did not contribute. (Source: Washington Examiner)   First President to Propose an Executive Order Demanding Companies Disclose Their Political Contributions to Bid on Government Contracts (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to issue an Executive Order implementing a  Racial Justice System , a system that tries to achieve  racially equivalent outcomes  for crimes (Source: Daily Caller)   First President to Leak Confidential IRS Tax Records to Groups Aligned Politically With Him for Partisan Advantage (Source: The Hill Newspaper)   First President to Use the EPA to Punish Political Enemies and Reward Political Allies (Source: Competitive Enterprise Institute)   First President to Send Millions in Taxpayer Dollars to His Wife s Former Employer (Source: White House Dossier)   First President to Openly Use the Department of Justice to Intimidate Political Opponents and Threaten Companies to Donate to His Campaign (Source: Peter Schweizer, Extortion)   First President to Direct His Census Dept. to Make Up Favorable Employment Data In Run-Up to His Reelection Campaign (Source: New York Post)   First President to Have His Administration Fund an Organization Tied to the Cop-Killing Terrorist Group, the Weather Underground (Source: National Review)   First President to have the EPA conduct hazardous experiments on the ill, infirm and elederly to push a radical environmental agenda, in a manner not dissimilar to the Third Reich s inhuman medical experiments (Source: The EPA Office of the Inspector General).   First President to be Accused by His Own Party of Ordering the CIA to Spy on Congress (Source: Washington Post)  First President to allow deadly Ebola disease-ridden patients to enter the U.S., refusing to restrict travel from infected countries like other Western allies (Source: New York Daily News)   First president to order his EPA to unilaterally overturn a Federal Statute (changing the borders of Wyoming established by an act of Congress, Source: Casper Star-Tribune).   First president to systematically delay enacting a wide variety of controversial rules until after a presidential election (Source: Washington Post)   First president to have Politifact designate one of his statements  Lie of the Year  (Source: Politifact)Economy   First President to Preside Over a Cut to the Credit Rating of the United States Government (Source: Reuters)   First President to Bypass Congress and Implement the DREAM Act Through Executive Fiat (Source: Christian Science Monitor)   First President to Move America Past the Dependency Tipping Point, In Which 51% of Households Now Pay No Income Taxes (Source: Center for Individual Freedom)   First President to Increase Food Stamp Spending By More Than 100% in Less Than Four Years (Source: Sen. Jeff Sessions)   First President to Spend a Trillion Dollars on  Shovel-Ready  Jobs   and Later Admit There Was No Such Thing as Shovel-Ready Jobs (Source: President Obama during an early meeting of his  Jobs Council )   First President to Threaten Insurance Companies After They Publicly Spoke out on How Obamacare Helped Cause their Rate Increases (Source: The Hill)   First President to Abrogate Bankruptcy Law to Turn Over Control of Companies to His Union Supporters (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Propose Budgets So Unreasonable That Not a Single Representative From Either Party Would Cast a Vote in Favor (Sources: The Hill, Open Market)   First President Whose Economic Policies Have the Number of Americans on Disability Exceed the Population of New York (Source: CNS News)   First President to Sign a Law Requiring All Americans to Purchase a Product From a Third Party (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Sue States For Enforcing Immigration Laws Passed by Congress (Source: The Arizona Republic newspaper)   First President to See America Lose Its Status as the World s Largest Economy (Source: Peterson Institute)   First President to redistribute $26.5 billion of the taxpayers  funds to his union supporters in the UAW (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Threaten an Auto Company (Ford) After It Publicly Mocked Bailouts of GM and Chrysler (Source: Detroit News)   First President to Run a Record 5 Straight Years of Deficits for the Disability Trust Fund (Source: CNS News)   First President to Attempt to Bully a Major Manufacturing Company Into Not Opening a Factory in a Right-to-Work State (Boeing s facility in South Carolina   Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President Since 1872 to See the U.S. Economy Sink From 1st to 2nd Largest in the World (Source: Financial Times).   First President to Conceal Food Stamp Data From Public Scrutiny (Source: Judicial Watch:  8th Circuit Says USDA Can t Keep Hiding Food Stamp Data )   First President to Leave the American Middle Class No Longer the World s Richest (Source: The New York Times)   First President to Retaliate Against a Rating Agency for Downgrading the United States Debt (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First President to Expand the Regulatory State to an Unprecedented Degree ( New record: Feds issued 56 regs for every new law, 3,659 in 2013 , Source: Washington Examiner)Energy Policy   First President to Endanger the Stability of the Electric Grid by Shutting Down Hundreds of Coal-Fired Plants Without Adequate Replacement Technologies (Source: National Electric Reliability Corporation   PDF)   First President to Have His EPA Repudiated by a Federal Judge for  Overstepping Its Powers  When They Attempted to Shut Down Coal Operations in Appalachia (Source: Huffington Post)   First President to be Held in Contempt of Court for Illegally Obstructing Oil Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico (Source: Politico) National Security and World Affairs   First President to Lie Repeatedly to the American People About the Murder of a U.S. Ambassador and Three Other Diplomatic Personnel for Purely Political Reasons, Rewriting a  Talking Points  Memo No Fewer Than a Dozen Times to Avoid Referencing a Pre-Planned Terror Attack (Source: ABC News)   First President to Openly Defy a Congressional Order Not To Share Sensitive Nuclear Defense Secrets With the Russian Government (Sources: ABC News, Rep. Michael Turner)   First President to Leak Highly Classified Military and Intelligence Secrets to Hollywood In Order to Promote a Movie That Could Help His Reelection Campaign (Source: Judicial Watch)Read more: kenn niemann",0
17423,RUSSIA SELLS MISSILES TO IRAN IN DEFIANCE OF OBAMA’S “RED LINE”,"Russia decides to ignore Obama s red line and sells missiles to Iran.  With a weak leader like Obama, it s no wonder Putin thumbs his nose at us Russia s announcement on Monday that it will proceed with the sale of advanced missile systems to Iran crosses a so-called  red line  established by the Obama administration in 2010, according to comments by senior administration officials.Following years of dissent from the United States, Russia announced on Monday that it would proceed with the sale of the advanced S-300 air defense missile system to Iran, which has been vying to purchase the hardware for years.The announcement sparked criticism from the Obama administration, which has been pressuring Iran since at least 2010 to withhold the sale.Russia s previous ban on selling Tehran the powerful defense system was hailed as a coup by the Obama administration and promoted by it as an example of President Obama s ability to rein in Russian intransigence on the military front.However, Monday s announcement by Russia threatens to complicate an already fractured relationship with Moscow and throw into further jeopardy the ongoing negotiations with Tehran over its nuclear program.Experts have warned that the reversal threatens to split the international coalition currently working to halt Iran s nuclear program a narrative that the White House is working to downplayThe Russian executive order effectively  lifts the ban on transit of the S-300 air defense missile systems via Russian Federation territory (including by air), export from the Russian Federation to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and transfer of the S-300 to the Islamic Republic of Iran outside the Russian Federation s territory, using ships or aircraft flying the Russian Federation flag,  according to an announcement by Moscow.Russia s decision to arm Tehran with the S-300 system erodes a long-promoted narrative by the Obama administration about its success in preventing Russian proliferation.Read more: WFB",0
17424,100% FED UP! WITH HILLARY 2016? WE’VE GOT THE AWESOME ANSWER AND REASONS #WHYIMNOTVOTINGFORHILLARY,"Yada, yada, yada  Hillary Clinton announced her 2016 presidential bid in a two-minute video that she uploaded to YouTube. Is everyone else as 100% FED Up! with the Hillary 2016 push from the main stream media? Yep, I thought so BUT THIS IS AWESOME AND YOU SHOULD PARTICIPATE ON TWITTER: Within minutes of her announcement, Twitter blew up with the following hashtag: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary. It quickly became the number one trending hashtag.In honor of this awesome hashtag, here is a list of some of the best reasons why Americans are choosing to NOT vote for Hillary Clinton: America should not be run by crooks. She hasn t cared about the Middle Class in 70 years. She s starting now???? I support women! That includes the unborn in the womb. I won t support anyone that supports Planned Parenthood. When terrorists murdered a US ambassador and 3 other Americans, her response was,  What difference does it make? She takes money from countries that execute homosexuals and oppress women. She couldn t satisfy her husband how is she going to satisfy a whole country? Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, and Glen Doherty. Because she s morally bankrupt! Judge Jeanine: Hillary Clinton is only out for herself. She is the poster child for what s wrong with our government. She is a criminal. She is a liar. She has accomplished nothing. I don t believe in socialism. The left believes in the supremacy of govt over the individual. Do you want tyranny or liberty? I don t believe in political dynasties. Because God must be ignored to adopt her   Ends Justifies the Means   ideology. She is Bill and Obama but without the charm. Enough is too much already. Corruption, incompetence, dishonesty, elitism  just a few reasons. As a Hispanic, black woman I feel insulted by Dems who feel my needs are only abortion, immigration and racism. Because her greatest accomplishment has been accomplishing nothing worthy of our votes. I ve taken European History. I know the dangers of a socialist leader. Because she s worse than Caligula. Worse than the Oakland Raiders. Worse than Obamacare. Almost as bad as cancer.  Boo yah!Please feel free to join in on the trend and issue your own #WhyImNotVotingForHillary tweet!Via: Down Trend",0
17425,CUBA STILL A COMMIE HELLHOLE AFTER OBAMA’S “NORMALIZATION”: 4 YEARS IN THE SLAMMER FOR “SOCIAL DANGEROUSNESS”,"Don t you know Obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. Well, the Cuban government has only increased their detention of political dissenters since the  normalization  of relations with the Communist country. Basically, we ve just given Cuba more money to oppress its people it ll all a big fat NOTHING-BURGER The Cuban Human Rights and National Reconciliation Commission, or CCDHRN, said Thursday that Cuba s government detained 610 people for political reasons in March, the highest number in the past seven months. There is a noticeable trend toward increasing repressive activities of this kind,  the CCDHRN said in its monthly report.  At the same time, we also identify 95 cases of people who suffered other forms of political repression including physical attacks, police harassment and vandalism and hostile demonstrations. The exercise of all civil and political rights is still a crime,  the group said, noting that the Cuban penal code still includes an offense called  pre-criminal social dangerousness,  which is punishable by up to four years in prison.The country is unlikely to see an improvement in respect for fundamental, civil and political rights  as a result of the government s inflexible posture and its opposition to any effort or proposal leading to the urgent judicial, economic and political reforms that the Cuban people need and deserve,  the commission said. Read more: Latin American Herald",0
17426,THEIR EVIL KNOWS NO BOUNDS: TALIBAN EXECUTES 5 “SAVE THE CHILDREN WORKERS” AS ISIS KIDNAPS 120 SCHOOLCHILDREN TO BE TRAINED AS TERRORISTS,"The Taliban or ISIS? Does it really matter? Radical islam is just evil and knows no bounds.Killing aid workers is as low as they could go except now they ve brought it down to the kid level Five aid workers who d been kidnapped were found murdered:The bodies of five Afghan aid workers working for Save the Children were found on Friday, 39 days after their abduction by the Taliban in the central province of Uruzgan, a spokesman for provincial governor Dost Mohammad Nayab said.ISIS KIDNAPS 120 CHILDREN:The Islamic State group has abducted 120 schoolchildren in the embattled Iraqi city of Mosul, it was reported Sunday, and has transported the kids to an unknown locationAccording to Iraqi sources quoted by the German DPA wire service, the children, aged 12-15, were reportedly snatched from their classrooms and loaded on military vehicles by the Islamist extremists.According to local reports, the abducted children were taken by IS to be trained as fighters for the terror group. The children of wealthy families are said to be ransomed back to their families for significant sums that can run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.On Saturday, Islamic State fighters launched suicide attacks against the Baiji oil refinery, Iraq s largest, a senior army officer said. The jihadist group claimed it broke in but the Iraqi army said the site, which has been the scene of fierce battles since IS swept across the region last year, remained under its control.The Islamic State group launched a massive offensive on northwestern Iraq in June and swept across much of the country s Sunni Arab heartland within days.Counter-terror and other forces tasked with protecting the vital Baiji refinery held out and remained besieged for months.VIA: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
17427,"PRO ABORTION PAC, Emily’s List Doing Its Part To Keep Minority Population In Check… Endorses Hillary","Of course Emily s List is going to support Hillary, because Democrats have been doing their part to keep the   unwanted  or  undesirable  babies from making it out of the womb alive for decades .WASHINGTON, D.C.   Today EMILY s List, the nation s largest resource for women in politics, endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. Clinton is on track to become the first woman to win the Democratic nomination, and if elected, the first woman president of the United States. Hillary Clinton is a lifelong champion for women and families and the most qualified candidate to be president,  said Stephanie Schriock, President of EMILY s List.  With roots in the middle class, Hillary s top priority is changing the economic reality for American families. Her focus is on strengthening the middle class, creating jobs, and making sure hardworking families get a fair shot. No one will work harder than Hillary. She knows how to lead so Washington fights for all Americans. As president, Hillary will create more opportunities than ever for women and girls (give them access to on demand abortions) and for all hardworking Americans across the country, just as she has done throughout her exceptional career. The EMILY s List community   now more than three million members strong   is proud to endorse Hillary Clinton for president. Hillary Clinton has devoted her entire career to fighting for women and families (supporting the killing of unborn babies). Instead of going to a big law firm after graduating from Yale Law School, she took her first job going door to door for the Children s Defense Fund. She helped lead the fight for the Children s Health Insurance Program as first lady of the United States, and she put emphasis on women s rights as a  cornerstone of American foreign policy  as Secretary of State.A visionary leader who s always worked to create opportunity for others, Hillary has said she believes  our challenge is to be clear-eyed about the world as it is while never losing sight of the world as we want it to become.  When she is elected president, it will mean more opportunities for women, more opportunities for girls, and more opportunities for hardworking Americans across the country.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
17428,[Video] OBAMA TAKES ADVANTAGE Of Opportunity To Speak In Front Of Communists in Panama About Racist America: ‘There Are Dark Chapters in Our Own History’," We have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. Obama makes sure to let everyone know  Americans never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to  change.' We re pretty sure every communist and socialist in the room would approve of Obama s version of  change. h/t red flag news",0
17429,FEEL GOOD STORY OF THE DAY: [Video] HOW CHRISTIAN OWNERS OF MEMORIES PIZZA WILL SPEND THE $842K In Donations They Received After Death Threats From The Left Shut Them Down,"  I don t hate these people. They are just angry.    Mr. O Connor, owner of Memories PizzaMemories Pizza-1 Gay Mafia-0 If a child of mine was gay I would love them, but I still wouldn t go to the wedding. The pizza parlor owners who received death threats and were subjected to an online hate campaign will reopen for business tomorrow with the backing of $842,000 from well wishers and a defiant message that they stand by their opposition to gay weddings. They were going to open today but were advised to hold off for security reasons.In an exclusive first interview inside Memories Pizza restaurant since it closed down last week, owner Kevin O Connor and daughter Crystal emerged from hiding and told Daily Mail Online they had been heartened by the support of 29,000 people who donated and many more who wrote to them.They revealed they are set to share their new fortune with disabled children, a women s help group, fire fighters, police trusts, Christian churches and Washington florist Barronelle Stutzman, 70, who was fined after declaring she would not serve a gay wedding.The tiny pizza joint in the unremarkable town of Walkerton, which has a population of just over 2000, became the focal point of a raging national debate over Indiana s Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was passed last month.Critics said it would allow individuals and businesses to use religion as a defense against any accusation of discrimination from gay people.The bill was severely tested over the last week after Crystal, 22, a devout Christian, told a local radio station that the restaurant she runs with her father would never cater a wedding of two people of the same sex.Mr. O Connor and his daughter were still adamant today, despite the furor that has engulfed them, that they would refuse to serve gay marriages with their pizzas. He added:   If any child of mine came out as gay and entered into a gay marriage, I would still love them, but Daddy wouldn t be going to the wedding. The O Connors, who serve around 100 pizzas a week to locals, admitted they had never actually been commissioned to provide their 16 inch $12.99 cheese pizzas or pulled pork $5.75 sandwiches to a same sex wedding.Crystal said:  I was asked a hypothetical question and that was the answer I gave. But I didn t hope to gain anything by saying what I said.  I wasn t trying to score points. It is something I believe in from my heart and my faith about gay weddings. But I don t regret what I said.  I have been scared, but God is giving me strength. I think it is nothing compared to what Christ had to suffer. Speaking to ABC57 a week ago, Crystal said:  If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding, we would have to say no.  The remark was quickly picked up by opponents of the new law and sparked an intense and angry debate, with threats being made against the O Conners, forcing them to close down and go into hiding until today.Crystal said:  I don t like attention, period. Before all this I was the  Pizza Girl  and I didn t like that and now I got even more attention. I don t know how to take it.  She said the abuse in telephone calls and in online remarks had frightened her of being attacked when walking along the sidewalk in tiny Walkerton which is primarily set around a small stretch of a busy highway. I didn t want to leave my apartment. I was scared.  People were looking at me and all that brought my spirits down. But the support we got also lifted me and made me stronger and humbled. But it has been difficult. Her father, who has owned the business for around nine years, said:  I am overwhelmed and not just because of the money, but the positive feedback that we have met with.  There are just a lot of good people out there. It seems like all we hear about is the bad ones and when something like this happens, it seems like the bad ones are the first to come out and get after you. I don t hate these people. They are just angry. I am not really sure what they are so angry about. So many things today are topsy turvey. What used to be wrong is now right and what used to be right is now wrong. I don t hold anything against them.  When this country was founded it was a Christian nation and those were the rights given to us by the founders and before that by God. People just don t want you to have those rights any more. I just don t understand it all. But it is kind of like fighting the fire. The fire burns big until the fire trucks get there. The fire rages and the more supportive people are like the fire trucks as they come in and start displacing the flames, putting it down and building your spirits back up. He recalled how the fury began over a few words Crystal chose to reveal her deep rooted opposition to same sex marriages. This all happened last Tuesday. Crystal was by herself and I was by myself in a different spot.  He said his daughter telephoned him to discuss a reporter s request for an interview on the ramifications of the new law and whether she should agree to talk.Mr O Conner said he considered the situation after he recalled a verse from the Bible   when Christ said  If you deny me before a man, I will deny you before the father . He said he felt it would be denying his and his daughters Christian beliefs if they did not admit to their opposition against gay marriage.After the interview had been broadcast and the negative remarks began, he said he saw his daughter s despair.  She was feeling more and more helpless about it and I was telling her  Its going to be ok its not going to be that big.  And then it just blew up and the ugliness arrived. But it was not a throwaway remark that she made. We do not believe in gay marriages, so we will not support them. A local teacher sent a message out on Twitter, which was quickly deleted, calling for Memories Pizza to be firebombed. The message is now the subject of a police investigation and charges are being considered against her. The sports school coach has been suspended.Mr O Connor said he had read some of the remarks against him and his daughter and he found them  vile and disgraceful .  I have seen some of the stuff and it disgusts me and I don t know how one human being can think about doing something like that to another. I had never really thought about being hated before. But on the day after which was a Wednesday, stuff started rolling in and it really started lifting ourspirits.  There were a whole lot of people out there who began voicing our support and just building our confidence. It is very encouraging to know there are other people out there who think the way you do and feel the same way you feel.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17430,(VIDEO) UNBELIEVABLE! BLACK JUDGE BERATES VICTIMS OF HOME INVASION AND YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHY,"You won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. Can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?The reason Judge Olu Stevens of Louisville, Kentucky berated a family that was terrorized by two black home invaders   in court and on Facebook   will knock your socks off. In all my years, I don t think I ve ever seen such an egregious example of race-card abuse.The judge was  troubled  and  offended  by the fact that a three year victim was so traumatized by a violent home invasion, she is now fearful of black males.Jordan and Tommy Gray s 3-year old daughter was watching  SpongeBob  when two black armed men broke into her home and robbed her family at gunpoint   one of the perps pointing a gun in her father s face.Mom and dad honestly noted on the their victim impact statement that she is still afraid of black men 2 years later. Whenever we are running errands, if we come across a black male, she holds me tight and begs me to leave,  the mother said.  It has affected her friendships at school and our relationships with African-American friends. Tommy Gray also wrote that since the crime, his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for Gregory Wallace, 27, who had pleaded guilty to robbery. If holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation, then our system is flawed,  Gray said.But when Wallace was brought up for sentencing Feb. 4 in Jefferson Circuit Court, it was the parents, not Wallace, who suffered Judge Olu Stevens  wrath. I am offended.   I am deeply offended that they would be victimized by an individual and express some kind of fear of all black men,  he said. This little girl certainly has been victimized, and she can t help the way she feels,  he said.  My exception is more with her parents and their accepting that kind of mentality and fostering those type of stereotypes. The Grays were not in court as Stevens denounced their statements and granted probation to Wallace, whom he said deserved the opportunity to redeem himself.But they did see when Stevens condemned their statements again, in a post on Facebook. Do three year olds form such generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions of others?  he wrote.  I think not. Perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them. That a supposedly unbiased judge would ask such an ridiculously biased  leading question  does not speak well of him.It s obviously true that three year olds generally don t develop  generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions (as if you could call her fears those things)  on their own.  This young tot had a little help   She was traumatized when a couple of black home invaders terrorized her family. Is this judge stupid?The family is obviously unhappy that the ordeal has negatively impacted their daughter s view of blacks. How did he miss that? It s why they listed it it on the impact statement.Later Stevens said,  I wasn t criticizing the victims, I was criticizing a statement that I thought was a generalization against an entire race of people. He was criticizing the feelings of a three year old victim of a crime. Shame on him. #SMDHMeanwhile    Wallace and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, both 27, were arrested about three weeks after the robbery. Both pleaded guilty and McAfee, who was on probation for a prior crime, was sentenced to 10 years in prison, which he is serving.Assistant Commonwealth s Attorney Richard Elder objected to probation for Wallace, who pleaded guilty to a 20-year sentence, saying he was  guilty as hell  and  put a gun in that little girl s father s face. Via: nice deb",0
17431,"THIS IS GREAT! ANTI-HILLARY STREET ART POPS UP EVERYWHERE IN BROOKLYNHillary Clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… The area around Hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:          ","Hillary Clinton s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive The area around Hillary s campaign headquarters was plastered with this: ",0
17432,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,0
17433,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,0
17434,(VIDEO) OBAMA THROWS AMERICA UNDER THE BUS…AGAIN," I am a student of history so I tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. I am the first one to acknowledge that America s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. And, I m certainly mindful that there are dark chapters in our own history in which we have not always observed the principles and ideals upon which the country was founded. Just a few weeks ago I was in Selma, Alabama celebrating the 50th anniversary of a march across a bridge that resulted in horrific violence and the reason I was there and the reason it was a celebration is because it was a triumph of human spirit in which ordinary people without resort to violence were able to overcome systematic segregation. There voices were heard and our country changed. America never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to change. ",0
17435,FIGHTING BACK: [VIDEO] Ben Carson’s Brilliance Was More Than CNN’s Chris Cuomo Bargained For As He Desperately Attempts To Paint Him As A ‘homophobe’,"It s so refreshing to see these GOP candidates who are unwilling to allow the left to misrepresent their beliefs and create a distorted view of their positions on social issues.Having identified what they perceive as his Achilles heel, the liberal media continues to go at potential Republican presidential contender Ben Carson over gay issues.But Carson is clearly learning.The latest attempt at  gotcha jornalism  took place early Thursday when the retired neurosurgeon sat down with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo, who started off lecturing Carson about not being able to  duck issues  as president. As president of the United States, do you understand that you wouldn t be able to duck issues just because they make you uncomfortable or you don t do well on them?  Cuomo asked.  You understand that?(Gone are the days when such a condescending question would have resulted in a widespread media outcry of racism   after all, Carson is a Republican.)Taking the question at face value and asking what issues Cuomo had in mind, Carson was hit with  gay issues,  which Cuomo called  a very important issue to the development of the American culture. https://youtu.be/GE0O5AwP97sCarson responded with understated class, noting sexuality is a personal issue that he didn t find it nearly as interesting as Cuomo, who then tried to swing the conversation to gay marriage. Carson countered to say he would like to see the rights of Christians receive the same intensity, which prompted an interesting exchange. I would like to see as much emphasis on the rights of Christians as there is to some of the other groups,  Carson said.  I would like to see a much greater conservation about Christians and their rights. Why are we not talking about that? We are right now,  Cuomo replied.  The LGBT community gets far less legal protection, as you know No, not as I know,  Carson interjected. How do you not know that?  Cuomo asked.Carson then hit home on the crux of what defines the Democratic Party   identity politics. The important thing is for us as a nation to recognize that all citizens of the United States are protected by our Constitution,  he said.  We need to stop deciding that one group versus another is the flavor of the day. Via: Biz Pac Review",0
17436,EGYPTIAN COURT SENTENCES MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD LEADER AND 13 OTHERS TO DEATH AND LEADER’S “Peaceful” U.S.-Egyptian Brother To Life In Prison,"But wait wasn t the Muslim Brotherhood s Arab Spring (Sharia Law for all Egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? An Egyptian court sentenced Mohamed Badie, leader of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood, and 13 other senior members of the group to death for inciting chaos and violence, and gave a life term to a U.S.-Egyptian citizen for ties to the Brotherhood.The men were among thousands of people detained after freely elected Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was toppled in 2013 by the military under Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who is now president.Sisi describes the Brotherhood as a major security threat. The group says it is committed to peaceful activism and had nothing to do with Islamist militant violence in Egypt since Mursi s fall following mass protests against his rule.Egypt s mass trials of Brotherhood members and people accused of links to the group, as well as its tough crackdown on Islamist and liberal opposition alike, have drawn international criticism of its judicial system and human rights record.The sentences, pronounced at a televised court session on Saturday, can be appealed before Egypt s highest civilian court in a process that could take years to reach a final verdict.U.S.-Egyptian citizen Mohamed Soltan was sentenced to life in jail for supporting the veteran Islamist movement and transmitting false news. He is the son of Brotherhood preacher Salah Soltan, who was among those sentenced to death.Mohamed Abdel-Mawgod, one of the defense lawyers, condemned the verdicts.  The court did not differentiate between the defendants and put them all in the same basket,  he told reporters at the courthouse. None of the defendants were present during the hearing.Badie is the Brotherhood s General Guide and has already been sentenced to several death and life sentences. His deputy Khairat El-Shater was given a life sentence on Saturday. OPERATIONS ROOM  TRIALRights groups say Egypt, where a popular uprising toppled veteran autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011 and started years of political turmoil, is now cracking down on all dissent. Sisi says stability is needed to revive the shattered economy.Rights advocates have criticized a U.S. decision to end a freeze on military aid to Cairo, saying Washington is putting human rights on the backburner. The United States has said the decision to end the freeze was in the interest of national security.Mohamed Soltan, 27, arrested in August 2013, had been on hunger strike while in prison. He deserves the punishment because of the money and instructions from the Brotherhood which were found with him, and for spreading chaos and horror in society,  presiding Judge Mohamed Nagi Shehata told reporters.Sara Mohamed, a relative of the Soltan family, said they would appeal the verdict.  It was a farce trial of the first class None of the defendants attended the session,  she told Reuters by phone.A website calling for Mohamed Soltan s release says he was not a member of the Brotherhood, describing him as a U.S.-educated peace activist who was involved in youth events and charities. The website shows pictures of him lying emaciated on a stretcher while in detention.Saturday s case was known in local media as  The Rabaa Operations Room  trial. This is in reference to a sit-in at Rabaa square in 2013 in which hundreds of people protesting at the overthrow of Mursi were killed when security forces tried to clear the area by force.Cairo has defended its actions, saying it had given protesters the opportunity to leave peacefully and that armed elements within the Brotherhood initiated the violence.Saturday s session sentenced 51 people. Those who were not sentenced to death were given a life sentence. The long list of charges included leading and funding an outlawed group, overturning the constitution and planning to spread chaos, a court source said.Via: Reuters",0
17437,BREAKING: WHY DID MASSACHUSETTS OFFICIALS WAIT SO LONG To Release This Video Showing Thug Shooting Police Officer In Face? [VIDEO],"Where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? It clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on March 27, 2015 and the video is just being released today Massachusetts officials on Friday released video footage showing the near-fatal shooting of a Boston police officer last month by a man who was subsequently shot dead by other officers.The decision to release the footage comes amid protests in several major U.S. cities over a series of killings of civilians in recent months. The latest occurred last Saturday when a white officer in South Carolina was videotaped shooting an unarmed black man as he fled after a traffic stop. It is in everyone s best interest to share (this) information as soon as possible in order to tamp down speculation and rumors meant to inflame and not inform,  Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said at a news conference.The video shows six-year Boston Police Department veteran John Moynihan and two colleagues approaching a car stopped at about 6:40 p.m. on March 27 in Boston s Roxbury neighborhood.As Moynihan stands near the driver s door, a man identified by police as 41-year-old Angelo West jumps out of the vehicle, shoots Moynihan in the face and runs out of the camera frame as Moynihan falls to the ground.Authorities say West, who had a criminal record including prior gun charges, was shooting at police as he ran and that Moynihan s fellow officers returned fire, killing him.Moynihan, 34, is recovering after surgery to remove a bullet lodged in his neck.Local leaders at the news conference said that anger toward police over the incident was minimal. We need to be very aware that the work of police officers is indeed very dangerous,  said Rev. Mark Scott, of the Azusa Christian Community in Boston s Dorchester neighborhood.He called West s death  tragic,  but added that once someone pulls a gun on a police officer,  you don t leave the police any other option but to respond. The Suffolk District Attorney s office is investigating the shootings and has said it will release a full report on the incident later.Via: Reuters",0
17438,"JIHAD FOR DUMMIES: How US Army Enlistee, Mohammed Abdullah Hassan Was Caught Attempting To Bomb US Army Base","Note to little Johnny you might want to consider using a diary next time you write about how you d like to engage in violent jihad in the name of ISIS.A 20-year-old Kansas man plotted to kill American soldiers with a vehicle bomb at the Fort Riley military base, an attack he planned to carry out on behalf of the ISIS terror group, prosecutors announced Friday.John T. Booker, also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, was arrested as part of a lengthy FBI investigation. Federal authorities said he was arrested near the army base in Manhattan, Kansas, as he completed final preparations to detonate the bomb, which had, in fact, been rendered inert while he was under FBI surveillance. As alleged in the complaint, John Booker attempted to attack U.S. military personnel on U.S. soil purportedly in the name of (ISIS),  said Assistant Attorney General John Carlin.  Thanks to the efforts of the law enforcement community, we were able to safely disrupt this threat to the brave men and women who serve our country. Protecting American lives by identifying and bringing to justice those who wish to harm U.S. citizens remains the National Security Division s number one priority. Prosecutors said Booker repeatedly stated he wanted to engage in violent jihad on behalf of ISIS. He became an Army recruit and said he intended to commit an insider attack against American soldiers, like Major Nidal Hassan at Fort Hood in Texas.Booker is the latest among a number of ISIS sympathizers who have been arrested by the FBI in recent weeks.A criminal complaint unsealed Friday charged Booker with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction (explosives), one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization.He was due to appear Friday afternoon in federal court in Topeka.The criminal complaint Friday alleged that Booker spent months developing and attempting to execute a plan that would result in his own death as an ISIS suicide bomber. It also alleged that he  planned to pull the trigger of the explosives himself so that he would die in the explosion,  Kansas U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said at a news conference. I want to assure the public there was never any breach of Fort Riley Military Base, nor was the safety or the security of the base or its personnel ever at risk,  said Kansas City FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Jackson.  Recently the Command Staff at Fort Riley has been working hand in hand with law enforcement to ensure the utmost security and protection for the men and women who serve our country, and the surrounding community that supports the base. Booker allegedly plotted to construct an explosive device for attack on American soil for months during meetings with two FBI informants. He told one killing Americans was permissible because the Koran  says to kill your enemies wherever they are. Prosecutors said the jihadi wannabe advanced the plot by acquiring components for a vehicle bomb, producing a propaganda video and renting a storage locker to store components for the explosive device.Prosecutors said he identified Fort Riley as the target and talked about his commitment to trigger the device himself and become a jihadi martyr.His arrest came behind the wheel of a van he belived was packed with 1,000 pounds of explosive.Last year FoxNews.com reported exclusively that Booker was under investigation for threatening online to commit a  Fort Hood-inspired  act of terror just weeks away from reporting for basic training.The military learned of his radicalism   which had apparently been on display for months in online posts where he praised Usama bin Laden and pledged to die for radical Islam.FoxNews.com reported then that Booker was the subject of an FBI alert. Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush! I am so nervous,  read a March 19. 2014 post on the Facebook page authorities believe belonged to Booker.  NOT because I m scared to die but I am EAGER to meet my lord. FoxNews.com reported Booker enlisted in the Army in February 2014 and was due to report for basic training less than two months later on April 7. But the FBI interviewed him in March and alerted the Army, which formally discharged him.Via: FOX News",0
17439,[Video] MONTEL WILLIAMS BROUGHT TO TEARS OVER TREATMENT OF US MARINE JAILED IN IRAN #FreeAmirNow," Find out how many are going to sign up to go to war when we keep doing this to those who protect us.              Montel WilliamsMontel Williams got emotions during his appearance on Greta Van Susteren s  On The Record,  when discussing U.S. Marine veteran, Amir Hekmati who has been held in an Iranian prison for more than three years.Amir Hekmati, 31, has been jailed in the most dangerous Iranian prison for more than 1,300 days. The Iranian-American was born in Arizona but held dual citizenship when he flew to Iran to visit his dying grandmother.Hekmati was arrested and charged with spying for the United States government. He was sentenced to death, but that sentence was reversed. Hekmati was then convicted of a lesser charge and sentenced to 10 years in prison.Williams told Greta Van Susteren that the jailed Marine has been whipped and even made addicted to drugs just so that he could be tortured with withdrawal.Hekmati recently renounced his Iranian citizenship in an effort to be freed. It has become very clear to me that those responsible view Iranian-Americans not as citizens or even human beings, but as bargaining chips and tools for propaganda,  Hekmati said.  Considering how little value the Ministry of Intelligence places on my Iranian citizenship and passport, I, too, place little value on them and inform you, effective immediately, that I formally renounce my Iranian citizenship and passport.  Williams said that it s an  abomination  that Americans don t know that a U.S. Marine who served in Iraq is now imprisoned in Iran. The State Department has not been speaking to Hekmati s family, Williams said.Williams had a request tonight for Fox News viewers. Please, hashtag #FreeAmirNow, start blasting this tonight so that by tomorrow morning when these [Iran nuclear weapon] discussions get ready to come to an end, we don t leave another Marine behind,  Williams said.Via: FOX News",0
17440,Meet The CA Sheriff Who Won’t Be Bullied By Obama And Illegal Immigrant Activists Who Believe The Laws Don’t Apply To Lawbreakers," If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse.  Sheriff Donny YoungbloodThat kind of stance has won him enemies in California s immigrant-rights movement and frequent comparisons to Joe Arpaio, the brash Arizona sheriff notorious for his workplace raids and ID checks.Youngblood, 64, said he isn t trying to make headlines. The Vietnam War veteran, who grew up working in the potato sheds around Bakersfield, said he s happier hiking or riding his quarter horse, Sparky.He lives in the same modest suburban neighborhood where he grew up, on Bakersfield s now heavily Latino Eastside, and bristles at accusations that his policies encourage racial profiling, pointing out that a third of his deputies are Latino.As he drove through town on a recent morning, past oil derricks, gated golf courses and strip malls lined with Mexican restaurants and carnicerias, Youngblood outlined his philosophy on immigration.The federal government should start enforcing immigration laws   or write new ones, he said. He criticized President Obama s new deportation policies, which say most immigrants who have not committed serious crimes and have fewer than three minor crimes on their records should not be priorities for removal. You re in this country illegally and we re going to give you three bites of the apple? That s three victims!  Youngblood said.  If you commit crimes, you oughta go. Youngblood s defiant views have made him a rare voice of dissent in what has become the nation s most welcoming state for people in the country illegally.At a time when the Democrat-controlled Legislature has moved to allow such immigrants to drive, practice law and pay in-state college tuition   passing 26 immigrant-friendly laws last year alone, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures   Youngblood is an outlier.He has largely refused to sign paperwork that immigrant crime victims need to apply for U visas, which allow some victims to stay in the country lawfully. As president of the Major County Sheriffs  Assn., a national advocacy group, he has asked Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials to share data with police so patrol officers can determine whether the person they stop may be in the country illegally.Youngblood said his department began following the Trust Act last year on the advice of county attorneys. But he said he reserves the right to violate it. If ICE calls me and says,  You have someone there who has committed this heinous crime, and we really need you to hold them,  I m probably going to hold them,  he said.Youngblood s approach has been celebrated by those who believe, as he does, that Obama has been too lax on immigration enforcement.And it has made him the target of activists who accuse him of setting his own immigration policy and of sowing fear among the estimated 66,000 immigrants in this rural county illegally. People are scared,  said Lorena Lara, an immigrant who was brought to the country illegally by her farmworker father and who now works for a community organizing group called Faith in Action Kern County.  They re afraid to call the police because they think they might be deported. Immigrant advocates have been pushing for more protections and political representation in the Central Valley since Cesar Chavez launched the modern immigrant-rights movement in the grape fields here half a century ago. In recent years, Kern County has been the scene of tense standoffs between protesters on opposing sides of the immigration debate, including a well-publicized shouting match outside the Bakersfield office of Republican Rep. Kevin McCarthy in 2013.The majority of Kern County residents are Latino, but it wasn t until the 1990s that a Latino was elected to the Bakersfield City Council or the Kern County Board of Supervisors. (Political scientists point out that Latinos make up only about a third of registered voters and tend to turn out for elections at much lower rates than their white counterparts.)Youngblood says his views are in line with the conservative voters who have put him in office three times since 2006. Their ideas about immigration and government couldn t be more different than the electorate in Los Angeles, he added, even though Kern borders Los Angeles County. We are right-of-the-center on things,  he said.  I always say Kern is a county that ought to be in Arizona. Not far from Youngblood s home, Jose and his wife live in a run-down gray bungalow. There s a large portrait of the Virgin of Guadalupe in the living room and a dirt yard out front. On a recent evening, as the couple cleaned up after a long day in the fields, a locomotive screeched on nearby tracks.The couple came here from Mexico nine years ago to find work. Jose, who didn t want to give his full name because he said he fears retaliation from the sheriff, now earns $9 an hour picking almonds and oranges. He made $9 a day as a bus driver back home.Jose said that in 2013 he and his wife were attacked by armed robbers while they slept. The thieves stole everything of value and beat Jose for an hour, shattering his ribs.Organizers with the United Farm Workers encouraged Jose to apply for a U visa, saying he had a slam-dunk case. The crime was sufficiently severe, they said, and he had cooperated with the sheriff s deputies who responded to the 911 call.To apply for the visa, immigrants must present a declaration from the law enforcement agency that investigated the crime saying that they were or will be helpful.The Bakersfield Police Department, like most agencies in the nation, has a policy of signing all U visa declarations. Youngblood doesn t.Out of 160 requests between 2012 and 2014, he signed just four, according to Sheriff s Department records. I think he has something personal against Latinos,  said Jose, who prays that Youngblood  will find it in his heart to reconsider. We are at his mercy,  he said.Youngblood said he hasn t signed most declarations because he doesn t believe in the premise of the law. If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse,  he said.The sheriff s stance has won him supporters, such as Ellen Fluhart, 70, a retired rancher who lives in the northeastern part of the county. She said Youngblood s decision not to sign U visa petitions  is his prerogative. Fluhart said Youngblood s views are refreshing in a state where politicians have passed bills that she says encourage unlawful immigration. They broke the law,  Fluhart said.  They shouldn t be rewarded. Tensions between law enforcement and immigrant laborers in this community go back decades, said Gonzalo Santos, a sociologist at Cal State Bakersfield. In the 1930s, sheriff s officials deputized farm owners so they could use their badges to shut down labor protests, Santos said. Some farmworkers were killed.Now the department is intervening in immigration matters, said Santos, who called Youngblood  a rogue sheriff. Youngblood argues that Brown and the Legislature were interfering when they passed the Trust Act. Conflicting state and federal mandates put sheriffs like him  in the crosshairs,  he said. It s unfair, because the law is so unclear,  Youngblood said.  Really what we re looking for is clear law, clear direction. Via: LA Times",0
17441,FAMILY OF S.C. SHOOTING VICTIM HAS A MESSAGE FOR AL SHARPTON And He’s Not Gonna Like It…,"Poor little Al if he s not race baiting, he s hanging out with our  President  at the White House just waiting for the next white on black  injustice.  Heck if we didn t know better, we d almost think he enjoys being in front of the camera holding up the grieving parents but that would be so so insincere Stay away, Rev. Al. We don t want another Ferguson type of circus here,  a source close to the Scott family told The Daily News.That was the message from the family of South Carolina police shooting victim Walter Scott to the civil rights activist Thursday two days before the funeral for the slain father of four.That was a reference to the Missouri town that was rocked by violent demonstrations last year after black teen Michael Brown was killed by a white cop.Sharpton gave a rousing speech at the 18-year-old s funeral, which was attended by thousands.Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said they appreciate Sharpton s support but  the funeral is only going to be close family members. Via: NY Daily News",0
17442,NOT NEWS: [Graphic Video] Michigan Woman Runs Over Rival With Car Following Street Brawl,"This is a story that will never make the news. A woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately, it s just another day of black on black crime, so it doesn t fit the media s narrative A wild fight between two 19-year-olds along a Michigan street Monday came to a dramatic end when one ran over her rival with a car.What began as a fight in the middle of the street with onlookers encouraging   and sometimes interfering   with the one-on-one showdown devolved into a hit-and-run, shocking video shows. Let them fight,  at least one bystander yells repeatedly.Police have issued a warrant for Jalin Smith-Walker, accused of being behind the wheel during the graphic assault, The Grand Rapids Press reported. It was a fight between two former friends. It ultimately ended with blows being thrown,  Grand Rapids Sgt. Terry Dixon told the Press.Smith-Walker has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder.***Warning***This is a violent video with graphic language.Smith-Walker smiled broadly in her police mug shot after being arrested a few miles from the mall.After Monday s brawl in which the two tussled on the hood of one car, video shows a woman who police claim is Smith-Walker get into a car across the way and pull into the street.Via: NY Daily News",0
17443,"OBAMA’S RACISM CZAR, “REVEREND” AL SHARPTON CALLS FOR FEDERAL POLICE FORCE","Yeah putting the federal government in charge of our entire police force, sounds like a great idea Al. We re waiting for Al to call for an all black police force next you know, in the name of  fairness. Rev. Al Sharpton called for national policing legislation akin to the Civil Rights Act this morning at the kickoff his National Action Network s annual convention, just after the arrest of a white South Carolina police officer for murder in the shooting of an unarmed black man. There must be national policy and national law on policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.  We can t go from state to state, we ve got to have national law to protect people against these continued questions. Mr. Sharpton s comments, coming on the heels of multiple instances of police killings of unarmed men of color around the country, were met with applause from the crowd and from the dais, which was packed with elected officials including Mayor Bill de Blasio, Congressman Charles Rangel, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, city Comptroller Scott Stringer and state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoliThe convention kickoff, which featured a ribbon cutting with the lawmakers, came just hours after it was announced last night that North Charleston, S.C., police officer Michael T. Slager would be charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott who can be seen in a widely publicized video running away from Mr. Slager, while the officer shoots into the man s back repeatedly. The video offers a markedly different story than the one Mr. Slager first offered up: that Scott had stolen his taser and left him in fear for his life.Mr. Sharpton praised the city s mayor and police chief for bringing the charges, but said the nation couldn t rely on the judgement of local officials. We commend them, but we cannot have a justice system that hopes we have a mayor in the right city or a police chief,  he said.  We have to have one policy that is national. Mr. Sharpton later noted that the comparatively small town s officials had been braver than police leaders in bigger cities. He has been vocal about his belief that New York City police Daniel Pantaleo should have been charged with a crime in the death of an unarmed black Staten Island man, Eric Garner. A grand jury declined to indict Mr. Pantaleo, spurring protests throughout the city.That death, too, was captured in a widely published video. And though the footage did not lead to any charges, Mr. Sharpton said today the national legislation should focus on  cameras  as well as  accountability. He compared the fight for police reform to the civil rights struggle, noting that activists did not try to fix discrimination in individual states or cities. They fought for a national Civil Rights Act, a national Voting Rights Act. It s time for this country to have national policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.After the ribbon cutting, Mr. de Blasio whose first year in office was dominated by an effort to reform police-community relations after Garner s death and a subsequent City Hall feud with police union leadership said he agreed some kind of national standard should be set. It s a broad point he s making, and I think he way he made the analogy to the Voting Rights Act is the right one. We ve got to figure out how to create the right relationship between police and community,  Mr. de Blasio told reporters.  The vast majority of police do their job well and want to work more closely with the community. Obviously community residents want to work more closely with the police. But we have to create more of a national standard that says we all have to be on the same page. The relationship between Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Sharpton was fodder for his woes with police unions last year: they took umbrage when Mr. Sharpton was seated next to the mayor and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton at a City Hall round table, and dismissed Mr. Sharpton as divisive. A poll later showed voters didn t like the approaches of either Mr. Sharpton or the union leaders and rank-and-file officers who later turned their backs on Mr. de Blasio at the funeral for two slain officers.Today, Mr. Sharpton offered a full-throated defense his relationship with the mayor, saying it was based not on political power but on a long history of working together, citing Mr. de Blasio s support on issues like wage increases and the silent march against stop, question and frisk before his election. He marched with us when other candidates wouldn t. So don t begrudge us for knowing somebody that we always knew, and that was there in the trenches with us,  Mr. Sharpton said, saying he had never asked for favors or back room deals only access and policy changes.  There s nothing in the back room we want. We want everything out front. Via: The Observer",0
17444,Wake Up America! “SEED COMMUNITIES” Of Muslim Refugees Are Sprouting Up All Over The U.S.,"Be aware and be ready to push back on this effort by the State Department and the United Nations to spread  seed communities  (their term) all over the U.S. Pretty soon we ll be covered up in refugees who are mostly (90%) muslim. We already have millions of illegals from Central America that we cannot and should not support. We now know that small towns across America like Athens, GA and Spartanburg, SC are being targeted for a influx of muslim refugees. Because it s very secretive (for obvious reasons), you need to keep your ear to the ground and push back like Athens and Spartanburg. Below is a fantastic piece that will fill you in on what s REALLY going on:With Muslim immigrants streaming into the United States at a rate of 100,000 per year, some of the communities targeted for new arrivals are seeking information on their new neighbors, only to be frustrated by federal bureaucrats and their hired contractors.How does a city get on the U.S. State Department s list of 190 communities selected for refugee resettlement? How can cities find out who will be coming and when? What services will they use, and what will be the cost to taxpayers?And, the granddaddy of all questions: Can the communities be assured that foreign nationals with ties to ISIS, al-Shabab and other Islamic terrorist groups won t slip through the government s porous screening process posing as  refugees ?The answers to these questions are simple. Very little information is available. And there are no guarantees that some very bad apples won t arrive in your town, says a leading expert on the refugee resettlement program. One community that is trying to get information right now is Spartanburg, South Carolina.On March 16, Ann Corcoran, author of the Refugee Resettlement Watch blog, spoke at a national security summit in Columbia, South Carolina, hosted by former Defense Department analyst Frank Gaffney. A few days before that conference, on March 9, a story broke in the local Spartanburg newspaper that World Relief, one of the nine resettlement agencies that works under contract with the federal government, was planning to open an office in Spartanburg.When an agency like World Relief opens an office in a city, it means refugees will be arriving soon. There are no public hearings or announcements in local media, Corcoran said. Typically a story will appear in the local newspaper just before or after the first arrivals appear in town.Corcoran met some activists at Gaffney s conference who wanted to find out more about the plans for resettling United Nations-certified refugees in their city. It is like pulling teeth to get any information,  Corcoran said.  And these are long-term grassroots activists who know how to get information. One of the activists is Christina Jeffrey, a political science professor and former U.S. House of Representatives historian who ran against Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., in last year s Republican primary. Gowdy is now chairman of the House subcommittee on immigration and refugees. He is chair of this committee, and so they want to set up a refugee office in his home district, and we still can t get any information,  Corcoran said.Jeffrey has asked the federal government to prepare a comprehensive impact statement, detailing the impact the refugees will have on Spartanburg s public services. Schools, health facilities, housing, the job market and public welfare programs will all be affected, but so far nobody is saying to what extent.The mayor of Athens, Georgia, who asked for the same type of report last year, encountered the same blackout of information.St. Cloud, Minnesota, residents have also inquired about how many more Somali refugees will be arriving in light of recent problems with Somali student protests at a local community college. Dozens of other Somalis have either left the country to fight for al-Shabab or ISIS while others have been charged and convicted with sending material support to overseas terrorist organizations. They re trying to get information because residents have heard the rumor that there are 1,500 more Somalis getting ready to be resettled there in St. Cloud,  Corcoran said.The resettlement agencies hold lots of meetings and place lots of phone calls with  stakeholders  in the targeted communities, but these collaborative efforts almost always occur outside of the public spotlight. The term  stakeholders  does not apply to you, the taxpayer footing the bill for all of this,  Corcoran said.According to a March 8 article in the Spartanburg Herald-Journal,  a partnership of faith leaders  called Come Closer Spartanburg issued an invitation more than a year ago to World Relief to open a refugee office in Spartanburg. The March 8 article was the first public revelation of this effort even though World Relief had been working behind the scenes with  stakeholders  for a year. An initial group of 65 refugees will arrive this year, starting in April or May, from Congo, Bhutan and Syria.Jeffrey, in a March 30 op-ed in the local newspaper, shed more light on the group, Come Closer Spartanburg, and its goals: On its website, Come Closer Spartanburg describes the city of Spartanburg as  home to what has been identified as the fifth most dangerous neighborhood in the United States. We have extremely high rates of unemployment, poverty and domestic violence. Overall, we were recently listed as the fourth most  miserable  city to live in our country. It does not take long to realize that we are a city in need of transformation. Jeffrey discovered that the objective is to plant a  seed community  in Spartanburg that will eventually blossom and transform the city. The federal government is creating communities within communities often pitted against each other economically and culturally.It s the same tactic that has been used for decades in Europe. Looking at other U.S. cities with new refugee communities, it appears that contractors often keep sending refugees to the same place until there is a community within a community. Unassimilated communities have created problems in Europe, and we are beginning to have similar problems here in the United States (witness Milwaukee, Wis., and Lewiston, Maine),  Jeffrey writes.Corcoran said the word  assimilation  is no longer used by the resettlement agencies and their friends in the federal government. Rather, the new buzzword is  integration.  The goal of integration is to have a multitude of diverse cultures living side by side in  coexistence  but never assimilating.President Obama issued an executive memorandum dated Nov. 21, 2014, to all federal agencies directing them on  Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrated Immigrants and Refugees. This sort of backroom dealing between the federal government, its hired resettlement contractors and local officials is not designed to provide information to the people who live and work in the targeted refugee cities, Corcoran said. They don t like this whole idea that their town is being secretly selected,  she said.  This has been going on for over a year now in Spartanburg, and the refugees are now due to start arriving in a month or so. And these people have no information until it s actually upon them. The mayor of Athens, Nancy Denson, requested a plan. The city of Spartanburg is asking for the same consideration. That s what these people in Spartanburg are asking for, and they are asking that when you have a plan that you present it publicly at a public hearing,  Corcoran said.  They don t want to have to show any of that to the public. They re saying it s only 65; well, it s only 65 for the first year. It will continue to be more every year afterward once you become a seed community. Of the more than 500 Syrian refugees brought to the U.S. so far this past year, 90 percent of them have been Muslim, Corcoran said.Read more: wnd ",0
17445,BREAKING: IRAN THROWS DOWN ULTIMATUM: …Your Move Barry," The nuclear industry is a necessity, for energy production, for desalination, and in the fields of medicine, agriculture and other sectors.  -Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali KhameneiSo many lies Is it finally time for the US to act before it s too late?Iran s president on Thursday said Tehran will not sign a final nuclear deal unless world powers lift economic sanctions imposed on the country immediately.The United States, United Kingdom, France, Russia, China and Germany   the so-called P5 +1 group   reached an understanding with Iran last week on limits to its nuclear program in return for lifting crippling economic sanctions, after extended talks in Lausanne, Switzerland.The U.S. has previously said the sanctions would be lifted in phases, but the details have not yet been negotiated.However, in a televised speech on Thursday, President Hassan Rouhani appeared to rule out a gradual removal of the successive round of sanctions that have hit hard its energy and financial sectors   and crippled its economy. We will not sign any deal unless all sanctions are lifted on the same day,  Rouhani said, according to Reuters.  We want a win-win deal for all parties involved in the nuclear talks. Rouhani was speaking at a ceremony to mark Iran s nuclear technology day. The Iranian nation has been and will be the victor in the negotiations,  he said.The deal negotiated in Switzerland says that sanctions will be suspended after international monitors verify that Iran is abiding by the limitations set out, and that the sanctions will resume if Iran fails to fulfill its obligations. It has never been our position that all of the sanctions against Iran should be removed from Day One,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday.Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Thursday said there is no guarantee a full agreement will be reached by the end of June, the AFP news agency reported. What has been done so far does not guarantee an agreement, nor its contents, nor even that the negotiations will continue to the end,  he said, according to the agency. Everything is in the detail, it may be that the other side (the six world powers), which is unfair, wants to limit our country in the details,  he added.  Officials say that nothing has been done yet and there is nothing binding. I am neither for nor against. The nuclear industry is a necessity, for energy production, for desalination, and in the fields of medicine, agriculture and other sectors. Negotiators have until June 30 to fill in the critical details to assure Iran it will get relief from the sanctions as soon as possible, and guarantee the world powers that Iran won t develop a nuclear weapon.Rouhani on Thursday also called for an end to airstrikes by a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, and said they were a  mistake. Not singling out any country in particular, he said,  You learned that it was wrong. You will learn, not later but soon, that you are making mistake in Yemen, too,  the Associated Press reported.(Wouldn t that be considered a threat?)Rouhani also called for a cease-fire in Yemen to enable talks to end the crisis, the AP said, adding to calls by the Red Cross and Russia for a cease-fire to allow aid into the war-torn nation.On Wednesday, the Pentagon said the U.S. military has begun air-refueling operations for the coalition conducting the airstrikes, as Shiite rebels known as Houthis continued their advance on the southern port city of Aden.The Pentagon also said the United States would expedite delivery of ammunition including bombs and guidance systems to the Saudis and other coalition members.Via: USA Today",0
17446,WHY DID HARRY REID LIE ABOUT THE “ACCIDENT” He Had That Left Him Blind In One Eye?,"Dirty Harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. He used to be pretty good at hiding it Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome New Year s Day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.Previously, Reid claimed that an exercise band he was using  broke. I was doing exercises that I ve been doing for many years with those large rubber bands and one of them broke and spun me around and I crashed into these cabinets and injured my eye,  (emphasis added) Reid said at a press conference on January 22.(You can see the video of that press conference here.)But now, in an interview conducted by Fusion (a joint venture between ABC and Univision), excerpts of which have been released today, Reid tells Univision anchor Jorge Ramos that the exercise band  slipped,  rather than  broke. [T]he [elastic band] strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet,  Reid tells Ramos.Reid s latest version of the incident, as told to Ramos, differs from previous versions advanced by his team in another very significant way. Sources familiar with the incident said Reid was exercising in his bathroom, with the exercise band attached to the shower door,  Politico reported on January 22. (emphasis added)As Breitbart News reported previously, that version of the story, almost certainly told to Politico by Reid s staffers with his approval, is not credible.Now, however, Reid tells Ramos a different story. The exercise band was not attached to the shower door in his bathroom, Reid says, but was instead attached to  a big metal hook that came out from the wall  in an unspecified room in his new Nevada home.Here s a partial transcript of the excerpt of the interview released by Fusion:Ramos: You said recently that the accident had nothing to do with your decision to retire.However, we are seeing the consequences of what happened.What really happened?Was it really with an elastic band?Reid: Yeah, I had a big, that thick (Reid gestures with his hands), that I had been using for about four years and I was, you know, trying to maintain my, uh, firmness, and, uh, that was my weight training. I was doing that in my new home here in Nevada and a big metal hook that came out from the wall that was hooked there that the strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard that uh Ramos: It looked like somebody had hit you.Reid: I am so fortunate that, um, it wasn t over just a fraction of this way and hit me in the temple.Ramos: How s your eye?Reid: I am sightless in my right eye.Watch the full video of the excerpts of the Fusion interview here:Ramos then switched gears and asked Reid about  the most difficult moments of [his] 28 years in the Senate. Ramos failed to ask some key follow up questions about Reid s New Year s Day injury incident.For instance, Ramos failed to ask Reid if the accident took place in his bathroom, as Reid s office had previously claimed. According to Reid s latest version of the story, we do not know in which room of his house he now claims he sustained these injuries.Breitbart News has asked Senator Reid s office, which has carefully controlled the release of information about his New Year s Day injuries, to comment on his changed version of the story of his New Year s Day injuries, but has received no reply.Via: Breitbart News",0
17447,OBAMA AND UNION LEADERS SELL OUT AMERICAN WORKERS By Turning Illegal Alien Into Union Members,"This story just proves what we ve been saying all along. When it comes to unions, it s not about the members, it s about the union leadership and how they can increase their membership numbers (dues). Aiding union leadership in their quest to add members to flailing union membership numbers is just a way for Obama to keep the skids greased and ensure future contributions from one of the largest Democrat party donors (unions) in America. Congressional investigators say they ve uncovered another attempt by the Obama administration to aid illegal immigrants in the U.S.   this time, by teaching foreign workers lessons on union organizing.The National Labor Relations Board has entered into agreements with Mexico, Ecuador and the Philippines to teach workers from those countries in the United States their rights when it comes to union activity.The agreements reportedly don t distinguish between illegal and legal immigrants. But lawmakers are worried it s part of an effort to shield illegal immigrants specifically, by encouraging them to join a union and get protection.NLRB spokeswoman Jessica Kahanek explained to Fox News that under the National Labor Relations Act,  employees, whether documented or undocumented, are protected from retaliation due to union or other protected concerted activity. That means employers could be charged for dismissing an illegal immigrant worker   if the firing is determined to be tied to the worker s union activityHouse Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican from Virginia, argued illegal immigrant workers could soon learn to exploit the system, creating a catch-22 for businesses. They could instead be charged with violating the National Labor Relations Act because someone will claim that they re doing it because the individual is engaged in unionization activities,  Goodlatte said.He also claimed the Obama administration was trying to keep the NLRB union education agreements, which were originally signed in 2013 and 2014, quiet. This is the first we ve learned of this and it s the first that news organizations have learned of this   and they didn t learn it because the administration came out and told them,  Goodlatte told Fox News. They learned about it because of leaked materials, and again, that is not the kind of transparency the American people expect of their government. An NLRB official, though, disputed the notion that the agreement was a  new development or something that was intentionally being kept out of the news. Yet it isn t just the NLRB that could view union activity as a shield for illegal immigrants.In June 2011, then-Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton issued a memo saying:  ICE officers, special agents and attorneys are reminded to exercise all appropriate discretion on a case-by-case basis when making detention and enforcement decisions in the cases . . . [of] individuals engaging in a protected activity related to civil or other rights (for example, union organizing). While this may serve as a way to boost union membership at a time when their numbers are trending downward, one activist said it will likely hurt U.S. citizen union members in the end. It seems that the union is almost selling out the interests of American workers and legal immigrant workers in order to boost its membership by appealing to illegal workers and getting the assistance of other countries in doing that,  Jessica Vaughan, of the Center for Immigration Studies, told Fox News.Via: FOX News",0
17448,BREAKING: COURAGEOUS FEDERAL JUDGE DENIES OBAMA’S REQUEST TO LIFT STAY ON EXECUTIVE AMNESTY,"If I were U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen, I d be keeping these guys close by:The injunction that has blocked President Barack Obama s executive amnesty will remain in place following the ruling of a federal judge Tuesday night in this Texas border city.In a late night ruling, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen sided with the State of Texas and 25 other states that are suing to stop the executive action that would grant legal status to at least 5 million illegal immigrants.The states have sued the federal government claiming that Obama s amnesty would cause irreparable harm and financial loss to their state if the executive action continues. Earlier this year Hanen granted an injunction requested by the 26 states seeking to halt the implementation of Obama s amnesty. They states claimed the damage would have already been caused and even if they won the lawsuit there would be little they could to at that point.Hanen s new ruling comes after the U.S. Government tried to fight the judge s ruling by asking for a stay of the injunction and also after information pointed to a possible violation by the federal government by granting a three year extension to the program known as DACA which granted status to hundreds of thousands of undocumented aliens in school.Read Hanen s decision below.Hanen RulingVia: Breitbart News",0
17449,BREAKING: TWO RUSSIAN NAVY SPY SHIPS OPERATING OFF U.S. COAST…White House Computers Are Hacked By Russians," Attacks against us are increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication and severity of impact. Although we must be prepared for a catastrophic large scale strike, a so-called cyber armageddon, the reality is that we ve been living with an expanding and constant barrage of cyber attacks for some time.    James Clapper, Director of National IntelligenceRussia reportedly hacked into a sensitive part of the White House computer system recently. They were able to view Obama s schedule.And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast.The Russian RFS VIKTOR LEONOV CCB175 was spotted near Havana in 2014.The Pentagon says there are now two Russian naval ships operating off of US shores. A second ship has recently come up from Venezuela.https://youtu.be/iIc2p3B0br0And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast. One ship recently left Venezuela to CNN reported:Russian hackers behind the damaging cyber intrusion of the State Department in recent months used that perch to penetrate sensitive parts of the White House computer system, according to U.S. officials briefed on the investigation.While the White House has said the breach only ever affected an unclassified system, that description belies the seriousness of the intrusion. The hackers had access to sensitive information such as real-time non-public details of the president s schedule. While such information is not classified, it is still highly sensitive and prized by foreign intelligence agencies, U.S. officials say.The White House in October said it noticed suspicious activity in the unclassified network that serves the executive office of the president. The system has been shut down periodically to allow for security upgrades.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17450,[VIDEO] HUNDREDS OF MORMON FUNDAMENTALISTS SURROUND Mother Who Escaped Cult Community To Prevent Her From Extracting Her Children,"Evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard A 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist Mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,  ex-cult member Flora Jessop, who helped Tetzner through her legal battle, told KSL.Cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding Tetzner s van, the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors. A Mohave County judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm Thursday, but Tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen. FOX 10 News | fox10phoenix.comIt was only at midnight that they returned, and were quickly shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm s house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother.Tetzner spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended. When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning, and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying, Tetzner called police to intervene on her children s behalf. Sheriff s deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother s waiting arms.Allegedly, the children were not so happy to leave, since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell. Deputies escorted Tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern Utah, and reportedly FLDS members tailed them the whole way there.Since leaving the sect, she has remarried a man named Chase Tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together. A photo posted to her Facebook in August 2012, shows her in a half-white, half-camouflage wedding dress.Defenders of Children, a non-profit group that has been aiding Tetzner through her custody battle, said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman s children. Tetzner left the FLDS church eight years ago, about a year after the cult s leader Warren Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls. He is currently serving a life sentence in prison, but continues to head the church from behind bars.Custodial interference charges are pending against Samantha Holm, the aunt who initially wouldn t hand over Tetzner s children.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
17451,SHOCKING: Why Our Fed Government Will Grant “Disabled” Status With Benefits To Spanish Speaking Residents Of Puerto Rico,"If we didn t know better, we d almost believe our Federal Government was attempting to give special privileges to Spanish speaking citizens. Perhaps they re establishing a precedent for taxpayer funded benefits for millions of illegal immigrants who will soon be American citizens The Social Security Administration (SSA) approved disability benefits for hundreds of Puerto Ricans because they do not speak English, despite the fact that Puerto Rico is a predominantly Spanish-speaking territory.According to a new audit by the Office of Inspector General (OIG), the agency is misapplying rules that are intended to provide financial assistance to individuals who are illiterate or cannot speak English in the United States. Under the rules, Puerto Ricans are allowed to receive disability benefits for their inability to speak English as well. We found the Agency did not make exceptions regarding the English-language grid rules for claimants who reside in Puerto Rico, even though Spanish is the predominant language spoken in the local economy,  the OIG said.The audit said a person applying for disability in Puerto Rico who cannot speak English  may increase his/her likelihood of receiving disability benefits. The agency does not currently have a system in place to keep track of the number of beneficiaries who receive disability insurance for not being able to speak English.However, the OIG was able to identify 218 cases between 2011 and 2013 where Puerto Ricans were awarded disability due to  an inability to communicate in English.  Furthermore, 4 percent of disability hearings in Puerto Rico involved looking at the individual s ability to speak, read, write, and understand English.Though 95 percent of Puerto Ricans speak Spanish at home, according to the rules a Spanish-speaking nurse in Puerto Rico would be considered  unskilled,  the OIG said.The SSA told the OIG that the rules are applied one-size-fits-all. SSA managers at various disability decision levels stated Social Security is a national program, and the grids must be applied to the national economy, regardless of local conditions,  the audit said.The SSA takes into account an individual s education level when considering awarding disability benefits if they do not qualify for medical reasons. Part of the education requirement involves looking at a person s ability to speak English, to determine whether it limits his ability to find a job.Last year Sen. Jeff Sessions (R., Ala.) raised concerns that the Obama administration was broadly applying the education rule under the Social Security Act to allow individuals to receive disability payments solely because they cannot speak English.He noted that the Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) rolls swelled 230 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the U.S. population only grew 9.7 percent.Former SSA judges have also testified that individuals have been approved for disability in the United States without having to prove they cannot speak English.The hundreds of Puerto Ricans noted in the OIG s report have received disability insurance despite a 1987 U.S. District Court ruling that appears to contradict the SSA s policy. Benefits were denied on the grounds that  it is the ability to communicate in Spanish, not English, that is vocationally important in Puerto Rico. It should be noted, however, that the court explicitly declined to apply this rationale outside of this one case,  the OIG said.The SSA agreed with the OIG s recommendations to figure out how many individuals have been  awarded disability based on their inability to communicate in English,  and to  evaluate the appropriateness  of applying the English-speaking rules to Puerto Rico.The SSA is currently gathering information for a proposed regulation that  could lead to changes  to the English-speaking rule, the agency said.Via: Free Beacon",0
17452,A MUST READ: OBAMA’S TREASON GOES INTO OVERDRIVE,"Our culture is what makes this Nation great and very exceptional. Unfortunately, we ve elected a president who s changing our nation at warp speed with  refugees  (their words) deposited into towns everywhere: Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. THE CULTURE WAR WE RE INAmericans believe that they are exceptional because their country is exceptional. So the left eagerly swarms to argue that America is not exceptional, except maybe that it s exceptionally bad.Americans believe that individuals succeed with hard work. Obama and Elizabeth Warren bray that  You didn t build that. Americans believe in religion and family. The left sets out to destroy them by proving that these institutions are evil and oppressive. Religious leaders are pedophiles. The family is setting for abuse that makes gay people feel bad. When the dust settlers, the only  good  religion and family are the kind defined by the left. Having destroyed the existing system of organization, the left replaces it with its own. That is the ultimate goal of a culture war. Not mere destruction, but absolute power.The culture war begins by attacking abstract ideas. Then it attacks organizations. Then it attacks people.By attacking the ideas, it undermines the organizations based on them so that it can seize control of them or destroy them. Once that s done, it controls a sector of society and begins enforcing its conformity agenda on individuals. Much of that is underway. The war is drilling down to the individual level. We are approaching the tyranny threshold.At the individual level, the goal of the culture war is to destroy your will to resist them. The left has many tools for doing this.Please read the entire piece by Daniel Greenfield: This Culture War We re InOBAMA ESCALATES CULTURAL GENOCIDEIt isn t enough to invite illegal aliens to invade the USA in their numberless hordes and then quickly distribute them along with their exotic diseases throughout the country. Obama is now using your money to fly them directly from Central America, so as to save them the bother of traveling through Mexico:To facilitate the often treacherous process of entering the United States illegally through the southern border, the Obama administration is offering free transportation from three Central American countries and a special refugee/parole program with  resettlement assistance  and permanent residency.  The new arrivals will be officially known as Central American Minors (CAM) and they will be eligible for a special refugee/parole that offers a free one-way flight to the U.S. from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The project is a joint venture between the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the State Department.Readers will recall that DHS was originally set up to defend the homeland. Under the Orwellian Obama Regime, it is in charge of orchestrating an invasion of the homeland.After Pearl Harbor, some feared a Japanese invasion. It would have been preferable to what is happening to us now. If the Imperial Japanese had successfully invaded, they would have ruled for a time, but eventually would have been kicked out. The current invaders aren t going anywhere, and they reproduce much faster than Americans.Plus the Japanese never expected us to pay them to invade us:The candidates will then be granted a special refugee parole, which includes many taxpayer-funded perks and benefits. Among them is a free education, food stamps, medical care and living expenses.  A State Department official promoted CAM as a  family reunification  program that will be completely funded by American taxpayers, though the official claimed to have no idea what the cost will be.Who can put a price on the future?The fig leaf of  refugees  being allowed into the country ahead of immigrants likely to make a positive contribution because their lives are supposedly in danger has been dropped.The State Department official assured that applicants need not express or document a credible fear to qualify under CAM because  we want to make sure this program is open to as many people as possible. Consider this as part of the bigger picture of what is being done to America, and it goes beyond treason. It is cultural genocide.Our rulers know exactly what they are doing. From the official federal propaganda outfit Voice of America:America s demographics are changing like never before. In less than 30 years, whites will no longer be the racial majority in the United States.On the large scale, race and culture are inseparable. Americans are effectively becoming a minority within our own country. Our own democracy will be used against us to relegate us to a permanent second class status (as South Africa demonstrates, whites being a minority hardly spares them from Affirmative Action).Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. Eventually intermarriage will breed the last of our kind out of existence, as VOA happily implies:In 1960, multiracial marriages accounted for only 0.4 percent of all marriages in the United States. By 2010, that figure rose to 8.4 percent, with interracial couples accounting for 15 percent of all new marriages   a trend that experts say will only continue.The VOA piece was given the Orwellian title,  Experts: Coming Demographic Shift Will Strengthen US Culture.  What they mean by this is that the deliberately engineered demographic shift will erase US culture, so that it can be replaced by a multicultural utopia preconceived by cultural Marxists.It used to be genocide meant herding unwanted demographic sectors into gas chambers. But that was crude and inefficient. Simply diluting us out of existence can be done without mess   and incredibly, without resistance.Via: moonbattery",0
17453,WHY IS THE PRESENCE OF RUSSIAN AIRCRAFT FIGHTER JETS NEAR U.S. SHORES INCREASING?,"Is our Community Organizer In Chief being tested by Putin?The air is frigid and the wind is howling as Air Force Col. Frank Flores lifts a pair of foot-long binoculars and studies a hazy dot about 50 miles west across the Bering Strait. That s the mainland there,  he shouts above the gusts.It s Siberia, part of Russia, on the Asian mainland.Named for an old mining camp, Tin City is a tiny Air Force installation atop an ice-shrouded coastal mountain 50 miles below the Arctic Circle, far from any road or even trees. The Pentagon took over the remote site decades ago and built a long-range radar station to help detect a surprise attack from the Soviet Union.At least from this frozen perch, America s closest point to Vladimir Putin s Russia, the Cold War is turning warm again.U.S. F-22 fighter jets scrambled about 10 times last year   twice as often as in 2013   to monitor and photograph Russian Tu-95  Bear  bombers and MiG-31 fighter jets that flew over the Bering Sea without communicating with U.S. air controllers or turning on radio transponders, which emit identifying signals.The Russian flights are in international airspace, and it s unclear whether they are testing U.S. defenses, patrolling the area or simply projecting a newly assertive Moscow s global power. They re obviously messaging us,  said Flores, a former Olympic swimmer who is in charge of Tin City and 14 other radar stations scattered along the vast Alaskan coast.  We still don t know their intent. U.S. officials view the bombers   which have been detected as far south as 50 miles off California s northern coast   as deliberately provocative. They are a sign of the deteriorating ties between Moscow and the West since Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region in March of last year and its military intervention to support separatists in eastern Ukraine.Similar Russian flights in Europe have irked leaders in Britain, Ireland, Sweden, Norway and elsewhere. In January, British authorities were forced to reroute commercial aircraft after Russian bombers flew over the English Channel with their transponders off.In all, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization says its jets scrambled to monitor Russian warplanes around Europe more than 100 times last year, about three times as many as in 2013. Russian air patrols outside its borders were at their highest level since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, NATO said.Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement in November, as tensions heightened over Ukraine, that Russia s strategic bombers would resume patrols in both the Atlantic and the Pacific. In the current situation we have to maintain military presence in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific, as well as the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico,  he said.Although the Arctic draws less attention, Russia is flexing muscles there after years of decline. President Vladimir Putin s government has announced plans to reopen 10 former Soviet-era military bases, including 14 airfields, that were shuttered along the Arctic seaboard after the Cold War.A shipyard in Severodvinsk, the largest city on the Russian Arctic Coast, has begun building four nuclear-powered submarines for the first time in decades, according to Russian news reports. The Pentagon says the reports are accurate.The Pentagon has responded by spending $126 million last year to upgrade Tin City and other coastal radar stations in Alaska. It also has added military exercises with northern allies   including flying U.S. strategic bombers over the Arctic for the first time since 2011.Last week, four B-52s flew from bases in Nebraska and Louisiana on simultaneous, round-trip sorties to the Arctic and North Sea regions, the Air Force announced. Along the way, the bomber crews engaged in  air intercept maneuvers  with fighter jets from Canada, England and the Netherlands.The Air Force has said it may base the first squadrons of next-generation F-35 fighter jets at Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska starting next year.The buildup comes as melting ice caps are opening valuable new sea lanes, sparking a scramble for oil and other untapped natural resources by the eight nations with territorial or maritime claims in the far north. We re experiencing a reawakening of the strategic importance of the Arctic,  said Navy Adm. William E. Gortney, commander of the Pentagon s Northern Command and of the North American Aerospace Defense Command. Is this a second Cold War? It doesn t matter what we think,  Gortney said.  Maybe they think the Cold War never ended. Via: LA Times",0
17454,TROLL CONGRESSWOMAN WANTS YOU TO SELL YOUR GUNS TO THE GOVERNMENT,"It s not for her to decide! We have the Second Amendment and that s enough for any American. DeLauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. It might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.Gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed Monday.The Support Assault Firearm Elimination and Education of our (SAFER) Streets Act expected to be reintroduced next week by Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. Assault weapons are not about hunting, or even self-defense,  DeLauro said.  There is no reason on earth, other than to kill as many people as possible in as short a time as possible, that anyone needs a gun designed for a battlefield. Though DeLauro is in favor of stronger guns laws that would completely ban assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition, she emphasized this bill would not force gun owners to turn in their firearms. The legislation would provide up to $2,000 in tax credits for gun owners who voluntarily hand over assault weapons to their local police departments.The assault weapons legislation comes in response to the horrific mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., DeLauro s home state, in December 2012.Via: The Hill",0
17455,(VIDEO) UN CLIMATE CHANGE FREAKS: “We should make every effort to decrease the world population”,"What an evil bunch of freaks! The agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. Overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. These people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. I m 100% FED Up! with the UN climate freaks and their agenda.Climate One founder Greg Dalton and the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) Christiana Figueres, held a discussion in 2013 on the role of women in fighting Global Warming.During the interview Secretary Figueres stated, We should  make every effort,  to reduce the world s population in an effort to fight Climate Change:DALTON: A related issue is fertility rates in population. A lot of people in energy and environmental circles don t wanna go near that because it s politically charged. It s not their issue. But isn t it true that stopping the rise of the population would be one of the biggest levers and driving the rise of green house gases?FIGUERES: I mean we all know that we expect nine billion, right, by 2050. So, yes, obviously less people would exert less pressure on the natural resources.DALTON: So is nine billion a forgone conclusion? That s like baked in, done, no way to change that?HERE S THE VIDEO-IF YOU WANT TO SKIP THE BS THEN JUST GO TO THE 4:20 MARK: A LITTLE MORE ON CHRISTIANA FIGUERES-THE 70 S CALLED AND THEY WANT THEIR RADICAL HIPPIE BACK! AT THE 2:40 MARK SHE SAYS WE NEED A  TRANSFORMATION  (SOUND FAMILIAR) AND A  REVOLUTION  TO CHANGE OUR WAY OF LIFE: FIGUERES: Well there again, there is pressure in the system to go toward that; we can definitely change those, right? We can definitely change those numbers and really should make every effort to change those numbers because we are already, today, already exceeding the planet s planetary carrying capacity, today. To say nothing of adding more population that is really going to overextend our capacity. So yes we should do everything possible. But we cannot fall into the very simplistic opinion of saying just by curtailing population then we ve solved the problem. It is not either/or, it is an and/also.Via: Progressives Today",0
17456,SHERIFF WON’T ENFORCE GUN CONTROL LAW HE CALLS ‘BORDERLINE TREASONOUS’,"The gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. The sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. He s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! Bravo!While Oregon Democrats stood with Gabby Giffords and the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence to push expanded background checks on April 1, Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer stood for the law-abiding citizens whom the checks will target by describing the gun control push as  borderline treasonous. Palmer also made clear that if the Democrats pass the measure there is zero chance of his office enforcing it.The push for expanded background checks in Oregon is being spearheaded by state senator Floyd Prozanski (D-Eugene). His efforts are strongly supported by the Brady Campaign and Giffords.Giffords, in particular, believes every potential gun purchaser should have to pass the same background check her attacker passed to acquire his firearm, which the same background check Jerad and Amanda Miller (Las Vegas), Aaron Ybarra (Seattle Pacific University), Elliot Rodger (Santa Barbara), Ivan Lopez (Fort Hood 2014), Darion Marcus Aguilar (Maryland mall), Karl Halverson Pierson (Arapahoe High School), James Holmes (Aurora theater), Nidal Hasan (Fort Hood 2009), and many, many others passed to get the guns they used in their crimes.The irony is not lost on Sheriff Palmer, who sees the push for expanded background checks as just another way to infringe on the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens without impacting crime or criminals. For these reasons, Oregon Live said Palmer described the push as  borderline treasonous. Moreover, Palmer said the background checks pose a nightmare scenario for law enforcement officers who will be straddled with the responsibility of determining when a background should have been done but was not, as well as when a background check is not necessary to begin with.Palmer said he has  no intention  of enforcing Prozanski s bill if it becomes law.Via: Breitbart News",0
17457,ILLEGAL INVASION CONTINUES: NYC RAMPING UP TO GIVE 1 MILLION ILLEGALS VOTING RIGHTS,"Insane! This really is the definition of insanity. Letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! When you elect a socialist radical as mayor then I guess that s what you get New York City lawmakers and Mayor Bill de Blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. The Guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed,  legally documented residents who have lived in New York City for at least six months will be able to vote in municipal elections.  Lawmakers are reportedly  discussing the legislation with Mayor Bill de Blasio s office  and  a bill might be introduced as soon as this spring.  Two years ago, city councilman Daniel Dromm  won the support of 35 of the city council s 51 members, forming a veto-proof majority  when he tried to advance the non-citizen voting bill,  but he faced the obstruction of then council speaker Christine Quinn and the unbreakable opposition of the Bloomberg administration.  De Blasio has said he is  willing to continue the conversation  on non-citizen voting. Non-citizens  make up as much as half the population  in areas that Dromm represents and studies have found that more than a million would be eligible to vote citywide if such de Blasio were to sign such a bill. New York recently instituted its IDNYC card, which gives illegal immigrants access to a variety of city services in addition to the municipal identification card. As the Guardian points out,  many Americans find the idea of non-citizen voting entirely unpalatable and fear that it undermines the sanctity and privilege of citizenship.  Peter Schuck, an emeritus professor of law at Yale University, told the outlet,  My guess is that it would cause many Americans to wonder what the point of citizenship is if anyone can vote without even bothering to learn or be committed enough to apply for naturalization.  Eric Ulrich, one of three Republicans on the city council, recently told Newsday,  The right to vote is a privilege and a sacred obligation that citizens have enjoyed. It should only be for United States citizens. It s also a reason for people who are on a path to citizenship to aspire to citizenship. It s something for them to look forward to.   Six Maryland jurisdictions and Chicago allow non-citizens to vote in some local elections,  and  activists in Amherst, Massachusetts, Madison, Wisconsin, and Burlington, Vermont are also clamoring to give voting rights to non-citizens.  -Breitbart NewsVia: Brietbart News",0
17458,NO TOILET PAPER?! SOCIALISM IS IN ITS FINAL STAGES FOR VENEZUELA SO BYOTP,"Socialism doesn t work but I guess Venezuela didn t get the memo. No toilet paper? No food? Yes, it s come to that in this socialist hellhole Venezuela s product shortages have become so severe that some hotels in that country are asking guests to bring their own toilet paper and soap, a local tourism industry spokesman said on Wednesday .  It s an extreme situation,  says Xinia Camacho, owner of a 20-room boutique hotel in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada national park.  For over a year we haven t had toilet paper, soap, any kind of milk, coffee or sugar. So we have to tell our guests to come prepared.  Montilla says bigger hotels can circumvent product shortages by buying toilet paper and other basic supplies from black market smugglers who charge up to 6-times the regular price. But smaller, family-run hotels can t always afford to pay such steep prices, which means that sometimes they have to make do without. Camacho says she refuses to buy toilet paper from the black market on principle.  In the black market you have to pay 110 bolivares [$0.50] for a roll of toilet paper that usually costs 17 bolivares [$ 0.08] in the supermarket,  Camacho told Fusion.  We don t want to participate in the corruption of the black market, and I don t have four hours a day to line up for toilet paper  at a supermarket . Recently, Venezuelan officials have been stopping people from transporting essential goods across the country in an effort to stem the flow of contraband. So now Camacho s guests could potentially have their toilet paper confiscated before they even make it to the hotel. Shortages, queues, black markets, and official theft. And blaming the CIA. Yes, Venezuela has truly achieved socialism.But what I never understood is this: Why toilet paper? How hard is it to make toilet paper? I can understand a socialist economy having trouble producing decent cars or computers. But toilet paper? And soap? And matches?Sure, it s been said that if you tried communism in the Sahara, you d get a shortage of sand. Still, a shortage of paper seems like a real achievement.Read more: CATO",0
17459,MarkLevin is Freaking Awesome: Obama negotiates with Iran; Iranian general says Israel’s destruction is not negotiable,Let s get real with some awesome truth from Mark Levin.Is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! Why can t we have more of him! Patty and I can t get enough of Levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.,0
17460,ENTITLED IRS ETHICS LAWYER DISBARRED FOR ETHICS VIOLATIONS: “…reckless disregard for the truth”,"Don t you just love an entitled IRS lawyer who claims she can t be fired? What s even better is she was an ethics lawyer who really had no ethics at all. She was fired from the IRS but just yesterday was disbarred.A lawyer who worked in the IRS ethics office was disbarred Thursday by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, which concluded she misappropriated a client s funds from a case she handled in private practice, broke a number of ethics rules and showed  reckless disregard for the truth  in misleading a disbarment panel looking into the matter.The lawyer, Takisha Brown, reportedly had bragged that she would never be punished because her boss would protect her, but an IRS spokesman said Wednesday that she was no longer an employee at the agency. Our records indicate that this employee no longer works for the IRS,  spokesman Matthew Leas said, though he wouldn t comment further on the case, which became another black eye for the embattled tax agency when The Washington Times first reported on it last year.Ms. Brown had her licenses suspended and then was disbarred after misusing money she won for a client in an automobile accident case. Under terms of the deal, Ms. Brown was to use part of the settlement to pay the victim s medical bills, but the lawyer withdrew the money herself and ignored repeated requests from the client s physicians to make good on the bills, the appeals court said.Ms. Brown also misled a disbarment hearing panel when it began looking into the matter, the court said. The record amply supports the conclusions that Ms. Brown intentionally misappropriated funds and made false statements with reckless disregard for the truth,  the appeals court concluded in a 14-page order finalizing her disbarment.Read more: WASHINGTON TIMES",0
17461,BARBRA STREISAND Gives Up On Dream Of Impeaching Trump Over Fake Trump-Russian Collusion…Tweets HILARIOUS New Reason Trump Should Be Impeached,"Barbra Streisand was an Obama sycophant and one of the corrupt Clinton s most loyal fans. She is also part of the Hollywood liberal  resistance  movement. Much like Rosie O Donnell, Kathy Griffin, and literally hundreds of overpaid celebrities, Barbara Streisand is obsessed with tweeting about how much she hates President Trump. It s Streisand s latest tweet that has conservatives calling her out for her complete and utter  stupidity .Streisand tweeted: Collusion or no collusion, @realDonaldTrump should be impeached for sheer stupidity. Collusion or no collusion, @realDonaldTrump should be impeached for sheer stupidity.  Barbra Streisand (@BarbraStreisand) December 30, 2017Twitter users wasted no time DESTROYING the  has been  entertainer.This tweet suggested her music and acting awards should be recalled due to the  sheer stupidity  of the recipient.I can think of a lot of Oscars, Emmy s, Tony s and Grammy s that should be recalled due to sheer stupidity of the recipient. Particularly this one:   https://t.co/f4KtzLsOQA  AnneMarie (@bulliegirl1959) December 30, 2017Dan Bongino suggested that talent aside, Streisand should be mocked for failing constitutional basics 101.Singing or no singing @BarbraStreisand should be mocked for failing constitutional basics 101. https://t.co/EeFKkiYtOb  Dan Bongino (@dbongino) December 30, 2017 Mike  truly schooled Streisand when he explained to her,  You can t impeach a President, because of your feelings, Barbra. You can't impeach a President, because of your feelings, Barbra. https://t.co/vsmuW223pI  Mike (@Fuctupmind) December 30, 2017Barbra got destroyed in one powerful image reminding her that  Impeachment requires an actual crime  pic.twitter.com/BBW1lEY9hn  chach malone (@chachmalone) December 30, 2017OUCH!  Rita  replied to Barbra that she used to be a fan, but no more. She even took it a step further, and let Barbra know that she was now on her  boycott list!!! I was a Fan of you!!! Now you are on my boycott list!!!  Rita Reisch Afd    (@rita_reisch) December 30, 2017Finally, this Twitter user refers to Barbra Streisand as a  has been  vs the President.There ya go!! A has been vs the President  beaner (@CWhitam) December 30, 2017",0
17462,WATCH: SENATOR LINDSEY GRAHAM DROPS BOMBSHELL… FINALLY Confirms The Fake Russian Dossier Was Used To Obtain FISA Warrant To Spy On Trump,"Everyone suspected the sketchy Steele Dossier was what corrupt FBI and DOJ officials used to get the October 2016 FISA warrant against Trump. FBI and DOJ officials refuse to answer that question publicly.Rep Ron DeSantis (R-FL) said in a statement: We now know that the so-called Steele dossier was paid for by the Democratic Party in an effort to gin up negative information regarding then-candidate Trump. What the American people deserve to know is whether the information compiled by Steele on the Democrats  dime was used by the Obama administration to obtain approval to conduct surveillance against Trump associates. The FBI has stonewalled producing these documents for months and their production shouldn t be limited to closed door viewing by a small number of members of Congress. The Trump administration should immediately declassify all the documents used to obtain surveillance warrants against Trump or his associates. Immediately after his inauguration, President Trump came out swinging over the  fake  Russian dossier. He even went as far as to blame the intelligence community.  President Trump was immediately criticized for his comments, and the media behaved as though he was insane to even insinuate such a wild theory. As it turns out, he wasn t too far off the mark.CT   Despite a hundred different ways congressional investigators have asked the question, and despite numerous on-camera questions to FBI and DOJ officials about the 2016 FISA process, no-one had definitively confirmed the Christopher Steele  Russian Dossier  was the underlying evidence for the 2016 FISA application to gain wiretaps and electronic surveillance upon presidential candidate Donald Trump. UNTIL NOW.Senator Lindsey Graham just confirmed the sketchy Steele Dossier was used to get the wiretap and surveillance warrant from the FISA court. Brian Kilmeade understood what he was hearing was serious, but didn t quite catch the specific gravity of it. Watch at starting at the 04:10 mark: The back-story to the FISA warrant is the cornerstone. The back-story contains both the FBI and the DOJ scheme. Expose it, remove it, and the entire  muh Russia conspiracy  collapses under the weight of sunlight This is critical and important because the specific use of the Steele Dossier underpins the BIG UGLY and exposes the entire top-tier apparatus of the FBI Counterintelligence Division (Peter Strzok, Bill Priestap, James Baker, Andrew McCabe) and the DOJ National Security Division (John Carlin, Stuart Evans, Mary McCord and Sally Yates), as well as DOJ Bruce Ohr and FBI lawyer Lisa Page directly to  conspiracy  charges.The 2016 FBI counterintelligence operation was surveillance on the Trump Campaign and was thinly disguised under the fraudulent auspices of a FISA warrant, sold as a defense of U.S. democracy from Russia, which permitted the wiretaps and surveillance etc.The DOJ involvement surrounds legal arguments, processing of FISA applications, and use of the legal system to support the FBI operation with actionable legal framing (against Trump). The DOJ National Security Division carried out that collaboration with the FBI.Tablet Mag did a deep dive into the Fusion-GPS connection to the creation of the Steele Dossier; and more specifically how Fusion-GPS head Glenn Simpson and his wife Mary Jacoby were instrumental in getting the dossier assembled and into the hands of the White House prior to the DOJ and FBI applying for the FISA warrant   SEE HERE.Tablet Mag outlines how Mary Jacoby even bragged about getting the  Russiagate  narrative started:A Tablet investigation using public sources to trace the evolution of the now-famous dossier suggests that central elements of the Russiagate scandal emerged not from the British ex-spy Christopher Steele s top-secret  sources  in the Russian government which are unlikely to exist separate from Russian government control but from a series of stories that Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson and his wife Mary Jacoby co-wrote for TheWall Street Journal well before Fusion GPS existed, and Donald Trump was simply another loud-mouthed Manhattan real estate millionaire.Understanding the origins of the  Steele dossier  is especially important because of what it tells us about the nature and the workings of what its supporters would hopefully describe as an ongoing campaign to remove the elected president of the United States.[ ] In a Facebook post from June 24, 2017, that Tablet has seen in screenshots, Jacoby claimed that her husband deserves the lion s share of credit for Russiagate. (She has not replied to repeated requests for comment.)  It s come to my attention that some people still don t realize what Glenn s role was in exposing Putin s control of Donald Trump,  Jacoby wrote.  Let s be clear. Glenn conducted the investigation. Glenn hired Chris Steele. Chris Steele worked for Glenn. This assertion is hardly a simple assertion of family pride; it goes directly to the nature of what became known as the  Steele dossier,  on which the Russiagate narrative is founded. (read more)The Tablet-Mag outline shows the distinct trail of the finished Steele Dossier entering into the White House and how President Obama likely saw and reviewed the content.However, missing from this report is an origination angle even more nefarious.Remember, previous media reporting -in conjunction with Clinton campaign admissions- have confirmed the DNC and Clinton Campaign financed Fusion-GPS through their lawyers within Perkins Coie. Fusion then hired Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr who thereafter sub-contracted with retired British MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write/research/provide credibility for  the dossier. The dates here are important because they tell a story.The origin of the Clinton effort with Fusion-GPS was April 2016. That s the same month Fusion hired Nellie Ohr, wife of DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr, to gather opposition research on candidate Trump. It would be most likely that Nellie Ohr was in contact with Christopher Steele. DOJ Deputy Attorney Bruce Ohr was later demoted for his unreported contacts with Christopher Steele and Fusion-GPS founder Glenn Simpson in October 2016; the same month the FISA warrant was granted.However, there was another event in this April 2016 timeline which enhances the trail of the Dossier origination. [Hat Tip Katica] Check this out:In April 2016 Mary Jacoby shows up on White House visitor logs meeting with President Obama officials. In April 2016 the Clinton Campaign and DNC hired Fusion-GPS to organize the Russia research, that later became known as the  Steele Dossier .(link to White House Logs)The wife of Glenn Simpson (Fusion GPS), Mary B. Jacoby, with years of Russia-angled reporting  including Donald Trump  visits the White House in April 2016, at the same time as the DNC and Clinton hire Fusion GPS to conduct the opposition research on Donald Trump, surrounding Russia?This timeline is entirely too obvious to be coincidental.Expand slightly and consider:April: Mary Jacoby, wife of Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson, visits the White House. The Clinton Campaign and DNC then hire Fusion GPS to conduct  Opposition Research , with a Russian emphasis. Fusion GPS then hires Nellie Ohr who specializes in Russian-centric counterintelligence. Nellie Ohr then contacts MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write a Russian Dossier. A month later, May 2016: Nellie Ohr s husband inside the DOJ, Bruce Ohr, is then working with FBI counterintelligence head Peter Strzok. By June 2016: Peter Strzok, Bruce Ohr, and DOJ Attorney Lisa Page then apply for the first FISA warrant.[June 24th, 2017, Mary Jacoby appears on Facebook taking credit for the origination of the Russiagate narrative.]This timeline is so transparent it s deafening.[More from the Tablet] Simpson and Jacoby had ID d Manafort as a world-class sleazeball and they were right. A slick Georgetown Law grad running in GOP circles since the Reagan campaign, Manafort used his talents and connections to get paid by some very bad people. I would only add here that, in my personal experience, journalists are not in the habit of forgetting major stories they ve written, especially stories with a character like Manafort at the center.So when the Trump campaign named Paul Manafort as its campaign convention manager on March 28, 2016, you can bet that Simpson and Jacoby s eyes lit up. And as it happened, at the exact same time that Trump hired Manafort, Fusion GPS was in negotiations with Perkins Coie, the law firm representing the Clinton campaign and the DNC, to see if there was interest in the firm continuing the opposition research on the Trump campaign they had started for the Washington Free Beacon. (more)Mary Jacoby and Glenn Simpson   Fusion GPSIf the counterintelligence FISA warrant was obtained through deception, misleading/manipulated information, or fraud; and that warrant is what led to the wiretapping and surveillance of candidate Donald Trump and General Flynn; and that warrant was authorized by FISA Court Judge Contreras  who was the judge in Flynn s case, and is now recused  the entire tenuous FBI and DOJ operation begins to collapse and the outline of a  conspiracy  becomes clearly evident.The back-story to the FISA warrant is the cornerstone. The back-story contains both the FBI and the DOJ scheme. Expose it, remove it, and the entire  muh Russia  conspiracy fraud collapses under the weight of sunlight.Go HERE to see the entire fascinating investigation compiled by The Conservative TreehouseWATCH President Trump tell FOX Business  Lou Dobbs what he thinks about the Democratic efforts to smear him during his presidential campaign in an exclusive interview.",0
17463,“CONSERVATIVE GAY GUY” BLASTS Pence’s Aspen Neighbors For Hanging “Make America Gay Again Banner” In Front Of House,"It s been said that good fences make good neighbors. But in Aspen, Colo., this week, Vice President Mike Pence has something different posted between his vacation lodging and that of the people next door.Specifically, it s a rainbow banner reading  Make America Gay Again.  It appeared on a stone pillar in front of the house where Pence and his wife are staying this week.VP @mike_pence is staying in a house near #Aspen on vacation. His neighbors have a colorful message for him. https://t.co/Ldef4h1G8U via @JasonAuslander pic.twitter.com/PzWqmN9Iml  Aspen Times (@TheAspenTimes) December 30, 2017The daughters of the couple across the street and one of their girlfriends reportedly draped the rainbow banner on the pillar while a Pitkin County deputy and Secret Service members stood nearby, the Aspen Times reported. The stone pillar is situated at the end of the driveway between the two homes.According to the Times, the Secret Service agents were unfazed when the women draped the banner over the pillar, telling them,  We re not here to control your free speech rights.    FOX News Conservative Gay Guy  expressed his disgust for the people who placed the  Make America Gay Again  banner across from the Pence family vacation retreat. He tweeted:  I may be gay, but I m tired of this crap. My life doesn t revolve around my sexuality. I m a person first. The so-called tolerant left just continues to cause more division in this country. Mike Pence's neighbors in Aspen hung a ""Make America Gay Again"" banner.I may be gay, but I'm tired of this crap. My life doesn't revolve around my sexuality. I'm a person first. The so-called tolerant left just continues to cause more division in this country.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 30, 2017Conservative Gay Guy is not afraid to call out liberal gays for being intolerant, he s also not afraid to call out his liberal friends for their hypocrisy:None of my conservative family members or friends turned their back on me when I came out as gay.However, 2 of my friends became social justice warriors & stopped being friends with me over my political views.The side that claims to be tolerant/compassionate isn't really so.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 7, 2017When Muslim  feminst  (LOL!) activist Linda Sarsour tweeted in support of Sharia Law, Conservative Gay Guy destroyed her with his response:You'll know when you're living under Sharia Law if suddenly all your loans & credit cards become interest free. Sound nice, doesn't it?  Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) May 13, 2015I'll know when I'm thrown off a building for being gay. https://t.co/bxREbbopLb  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 28, 2017Conservative Gay Guy hit the nail on the head with this illegal immigration analogy:If half a family bought tickets to Disneyland & half snuck in, would they be breaking up families by kicking out the ones who snuck in? Isn't the half who paid allowed to leave with them? Please take the free education & go back to your country now that you know how to fix it.  Conservative Gay Guy (@ConservGayGuy) December 28, 2017",0
17464,WHITE COLLEGE SNOWFLAKES Can ‘Identify’ As Black….Call It The ‘Pocahontas Policy’ But We Call It Delusion [Video],"The latest video from Campus Reform shows just how far some college students think universities should go to recognize people s racial identity delusion and all!The Ivy League setting of Brown University shows Cabot Phillips asking students about a hypothetical  Pocahontas policy  that would allow students to self-identify based on race. Overall I think it s a good thing,  one student said. However, that student later said in the video that he  feels weird talking about this as not a person of color. Phillips asked,  But what if you feel like one though? Another student answered,  It s intended to create uh, you know, an atmosphere of inclusion and support diversity and I don t see anything wrong with that. If somebody identifies as something it should be their right to,  another student said.Soooo these college snowflakes choose to live in the land of delusion and call it an  atmosphere of inclusion and diversity . In our day we called it mental illness .Via: Daily Caller",0
17465,BILL NYE The FAKE Science Guy THREATENS Conservatives…Blue States Will “Impose Economic Sanctions” Against Climate Change Denying States,"Friday on MSNBC, climate activist Bill Nye warned conservatives to  watch out,  saying progressive blue states will  address climate change  on their own.Nye said,  Only 40 percent of people in the U.S. think that Congress should be addressing this and that s because certain conservative groups, especially from the fossil fuel industry, have been very successful in introducing the idea that scientific uncertainty, plus or minus two percent, is the same as plus or minus 100 percent. He continued,  There s a lot of emphasis from conservatives on what are writ-large states rights. Just watch out, conservatives, if states rights include California, Illinois, New York   these places that, where people voted in a progressive fashion   watch out if all those places start to address climate change and then impose economic sanctions, either overtly or by default, on places that have not embraced the work that needs to be done. Then you ll end up with this states rights working the other way. He added,  We ve got to remind people that we re all in this together. The people I think about all the time are what are eloquently stated as the hillbillies. We want to engage everybody. Not working to address climate change is in no one s best interest. It is not in the best interest, especially of your children and grandchildren. A couple of times you mentioned that I am against the president and so on. I m not especially against the president. I just think he s gotten himself surrounded by people who are willing to mortgage the future, to let the people who are coming into the workforce now pay for the future. This is true, not just with regard to the national debt, which will almost certainly increase the same way it tripled under the beloved Ronald Reagan, not only will that national debt increase, but the climate debt, in a sense, what we have to do to address climate change, will be more and more difficult to pay back or pay down.    Breitbart NewsThe climate change debate went nuclear last year, over a whistleblower s explosive allegation that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association manipulated data to advance a political agenda by hiding the global warming  pause. In an article on the Climate Etc. blog, John Bates, who retired last year as principal scientist of the National Climatic Data Center, accused the lead author of the 2015 NOAA  pausebuster  report of trying to  discredit  the hiatus through  flagrant manipulation of scientific integrity guidelines and scientific publication standards. In addition, Mr. Bates told the Daily [U.K.] Mail that the report s author, former NOAA National Centers for Environmental Information director Thomas Karl, did so by  insisting on decisions and scientific choices that maximized warming and minimized documentation. Gradually, in the months after [the report] came out, the evidence kept mounting that Tom Karl constantly had his  thumb on the scale    in the documentation, scientific choices, and release of datasets   in an effort to discredit the notion of a global warming hiatus and rush to time the publication of the paper to influence national and international deliberations on climate policy,  Mr. Bates said Saturday on Climate Etc.The June 2015 report,  Possible artifacts of data biases in the recent global surface warming hiatus,  which updated the ocean temperature record, was published six months before the U.N. s Paris summit.The accusations sparked a fierce back-and-forth Sunday between so-called climate warmists and skeptics over the validity and implications of Mr. Bates  claim, which he defended on the Climate Etc. blog run by former Georgia Tech climatologist Judith Curry.Zeke Hausfather, Berkeley Earth climate scientist, said in a Sunday  fact-check  on the CarbonBrief blog that the Karl paper s conclusions  have been validated by independent data from satellites, buoys, and Argo floats and many other independent groups. While NOAA s data management procedures may well need improvement, their results have been independently validated and agree with separate global temperature records created by other groups,  Mr. Hausfather said, citing Berkeley Earth and the U.K. s Met Office Hadley Centre.He said the record  strongly suggests that NOAA got it right and that we have been underestimating ocean warming in recent years. Meanwhile, the whistleblowing prompted a  we-told-you-so  moment from Republicans on the House Science, Space and Technology Committee who have long suspected the Obama administration of retroactively fiddling with climate data in order to erase the 1998-2013 pause in global temperature increases. Now that Dr. Bates has confirmed that there were heated disagreements within NOAA about the quality and transparency of the data before publication, we know why NOAA fought transparency and oversight at every turn,  said Chairman Lamar Smith in a Sunday statement.The panel launched an investigation into the NOAA pausebuster report after whistleblowers said the study was  rushed to publication before underlying data issues were resolved to help influence public debate about the so-called Clean Power Plan and upcoming Paris climate conference. Dr. Bates  revelations and NOAA s obstruction certainly lend credence to what I ve expected all along   that the Karl study used flawed data, was rushed to publication in an effort to support the president s climate change agenda and ignored NOAA s own standards for scientific study,  Mr. Smith said.Mr. Bates said he decided to come forward after reading a Washington Post article Dec. 13 that said federal scientists are  frantically copying U.S. climate data, fearing it might vanish under Trump. As a climate scientist formerly responsible for NOAA s climate archive, the most critical issue in archival of climate data is actually scientists who are unwilling to formally archive and document their data,  he said on Climate Etc.In his experience, the  most serious example of a climate scientist not archiving or documenting a critical climate dataset was the study of Tom Karl et al. 2015 (hereafter referred to as the Karl study or K15), purporting to show no  hiatus  in global warming in the 2000s. NOAA did not return immediately Sunday a request for comment. The Daily Mail said that Mr. Karl  admitted the data had not been archived when the paper was published  but denied trying to influence the climate summit. Asked why he had not waited, he said:  John Bates is talking about a formal process that takes a long time. He denied he was rushing to get the paper out in time for Paris, saying:  There was no discussion about Paris,  said the Daily Mail article.The American Geophysical Union issued a statement saying it was  very closely monitoring the situation, have considered the possible implications, and will be sharing any new information or response by AGU with you here. ",0
17466,EMBARRASSING: Anti-Trump “THE HILL” Gets SLAMMED For Publishing Article Claiming MTV’s “Jersey Shore” Reality Star “Schooled” Trump On Global Warming ,"#JokeNewsAfter record, cold temperatures were reported across the United States, President Trump took to Twitter to mock the  Global Warming  scam supported by shyster politicians like Al Gore and Barack Obama, who were poised to extort trillions of US taxpayer dollars to fund their global climate change scam.Trump tweeted:  In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up! In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 29, 2017Accuweather backed up President Trump s tweet with this report:Cold air rivaling that of the past 100 years for late December and early January will make it painful to be outdoors and may lead to damage in the central and the northeastern United States.AccuWeather RealFeel  Temperatures are projected to be below zero over much of the Northeast and well below zero in much of the Midwest.In the coming days, RealFeel temperatures 5 to 20 degrees below zero will be common. in the northern tier, RealFeel temperatures may dip as low as 30 to 40 degrees below zero.From The Hill:Former  Jersey Shore  cast member Vinny Guadagnino shot back at President Trump on Thursday after Trump said the United States could use some  good old global warming  to heat up cold states. I think climate change is more complex than global warming will make it hotter,  Guadagnino tweeted to Trump.  It has to do with disruptions of atmospheric conditions, ocean patterns, jet streams and s t like that. ""Jersey Shore"" cast member schools Trump on climate change https://t.co/Vlfl6hskeT pic.twitter.com/URSHWTqgw0  The Hill (@thehill) December 29, 2017The former MTV reality star later responded to Twitter users who mocked him for replying to Trump, asking  why does having a summer shore house automatically make [you] stupid? Per my last tweet about global warming and ppl saying it s bad when someone from  jersey shore  educates the president etc.I get the joke but why does having a summer shore house automatically make u stupid?No smart ppl ever partied with friends on weekends?  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 29, 2017The Hill then attempted to prove how smart Vinny Guadagnino s was because other Democrats also mocked President Trump s tweet:Democratic lawmakers also slammed Trump following the tweet.Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) tweeted that the U.S. has a  moral obligation  to combat climate change, and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) blasted the tweet as  embarrassing. Trump has denied that global warming exists in the past, claiming it was  created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. Here s a closer look at the guy who  The Hill  claims  schooled  President Trump on phony  Global Warming  on Twitter: The energizer bunny ! Follow me on   vinguadagnino for more inspiration in a chipmunk voice pic.twitter.com/JWj3OmKhf5  Vinny Guadagnino (@VINNYGUADAGNINO) December 6, 2017Here s how Twitter users responded to  The Hill s  tweet:Mueller Day mocked  The Hill  for using a guy who coined the phrase  GTL  (gym, tan, laundry) for suggesting he  schooled our President.Ok, the dude who was instrumental in coining the phrase ""GTL"" (gym, tan, laundry) has just schooled the ""president"" on the science behind global warming. The world can end now. We've come full circle and there's nothing left to do.  Mueller day (@TiersOfLove) December 29, 2017This Twitter user mocked  The Hill  for using a reality MTV show cast member s tweet to disproved President Trump s belief about phony global warming science:Yikes! You're scraping the bottom of the barrel, aren't ya? Who's next? Mama June on foreign affairs          (@EuroRaver) December 30, 2017nea sportsfan reminds  The Hill  that the  Founder of the Weather Channel says climate change is bull Founder of weather channel says climate change is bull  nea sportsfan (@sportsfanNEA) December 30, 2017twentyman also mocked  The Hill  for using the reality MTV star s tweet, calling them #FakeNews: Jet streams and shit like that    what  school  are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?""Jet streams and shit like that""   what 'school' are you referring to, you #FakeNews propagator?  twentyman (@tirbagofah) December 29, 2017Justin hilariously reminded  The Hill  of a 2015 tweet by Bernie Sanders:Maybe Vinny can ""school"" Bernie too.https://t.co/wW9qEuhykH  Justin   (@JustCrum79) December 29, 2017Here s the tweet from Bernie Sanders where he blames a 65-degree day on Christmas Eve in 2015 on  climate change :Nobody can recall a Christmas Eve where the temperature was 65 degrees. Why is it that we're not effectively addressing climate change?  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 28, 2015",0
17467,TOP FIVE Food Stamp Fraud Takedowns of 2017…Do You See The Common Thread?," After the Obama years of record food stamp usage, President Trump is pushing new initiatives to get people off of the government dole. The number was higher than 39.5 million (all-time high of 47.6 million in 2015) but you see the explosion with the graph below:  The fraud in the food stamp program is so rampant and easy to commit, we ve become a global magnet for grifters who immigrate and set up shop to cash in on money for food stamps. This program is ripe for reform but what s most disturbing is the very lenient penalty for the crime of food stamp fraud. The fraudsters are usually given a very light jail sentence and ordered to pay back the money. The problem is that the money has probably gone overseas and will NEVER be paid back. These grifters fade into the woodwork only to resurface when they reoffend. THE TOP 5 FOOD STAMP FRAUD CASES FROM 2017:  After the Obama years of record food stamp usage, President Trump is pushing new initiatives to get people off of the government dole. The number was higher than 39.5 million (all-time high of 47.6 million in 2015) but you see the explosion with the graph below:The fraud in the food stamp program is so rampant and easy to commit, we ve become a global magnet for grifters who immigrate and set up shop to cash in on money for food stamps.This program is ripe for reform but what s most disturbing is the very lenient penalty for the crime of food stamp fraud. The fraudsters are usually given a very light jail sentence and ordered to pay back the money. The problem is that the money has probably gone overseas and will NEVER be paid back. These grifters fade into the woodwork only to resurface when they reoffend.THE TOP 5 FOOD STAMP FRAUD CASES FROM 2017:The food stamp program is a federally-funded program administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and federal investigators are most often the ones who catch those engaged in fraudulent activities..Investigators often uncover millions of dollars worth of food stamp fraud, mostly from people who run convenience stores in low-income areas where many patrons receive food stamps through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).To show how many millions of dollars these criminals have taken away from the federal government, here are the 5 biggest takedowns of food stamp fraud of 2017.IMMIGRANT FRAUD IS THE COMMON THREAD!1. Ohio Convenience Store Owner Sentenced to 33 Months in Prison for $2.8 Million in Food Stamp FraudA former Ohio convenience store owner got caught carrying out a $2.8 million food stamp fraud scheme where he allowed benefit recipients to exchange their food stamps for cash.The USDA revealed in an audit that the store, Breaden Market, cashed in on SNAP benefits more than ten times the amount of larger stores in the area, raising red flags among investigators.A judge eventually convicted and sentenced George Rafidi, 62, to 33 months in prison in February and ordered him to pay that $2.8 million back.2. Florida Investigators Discover More than $20 Million in Food Stamp FraudThe agency said it uncovered the majority of fraud when paging through SNAP benefit applications stating fraudulent household information.3. Baltimore Man Sentenced to Four Years for $3.7 Million Food Stamp FraudA Baltimore store owner got slapped with a four-year prison sentence for carrying out $3.7 million worth of food stamp fraud.Mohammad Shafiq, 51, was one of 14 other Baltimore-area retailers sentenced for $16 million worth of food stamp fraud, where they exchanged SNAP benefits for cash.The judge ordered Shafiq to pay back that $3.7 million to the federal government and serve three years of supervised release following the end of his sentence.4. Three Wisconsin Men Who Carried Out $1.2 Million Food Stamp Fraud Sentenced to Hard TimeA judge sentenced three Milwaukee, Wisconsin, convenience store owners Kanwar Gill, 67, Raviinder Gill, 27, and George Nance, 59 to prison terms ranging from 15-20 months in October after the three had been found guilty of exchanging cash for SNAP benefits.Their store, Quick N EZ, had been an authorized retailer that accepts food stamp benefits, but the $1.2 million in benefits the store redeemed was far beyond the amount the small convenience store was expected to redeem.Records show that all three men had been ordered to pay back the $1.2 million in fraudulently earned money. An Iraqi immigrant pleaded guilty to $1.4 million in food stamp fraud in November for conspiring with others to defraud the U.S. government.Ali Ratib Daham, 40, of Maine, gave customers cash in exchange for SNAP and Women, Infant, and Children (WIC) program benefits. He then redeemed the full value of the benefits to obtain more money from the government fraudulently.The naturalized U.S. citizen is expected to face a harsh prison sentence for his crime he faces up to 20 years behind bars and will most likely be expected to pay back the $1.4 million to the government.Via: Breitbart",0
17468,IT ONLY TOOK ONE TWEET FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP For Billionaires To Open Up Their Wallets For This “FIGHTER!”,"A week after President Trump endorsed Ron DeSantis for Florida governor via Twitter, a handful of billionaires have thrown their support behind the three-term Republican congressman, per Politico.Here s President Trump s tweet endorsing Rep. Ron DeSantis for governor of Florida.  Trump tweeted:  Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER! Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2017Why it matters: The monetary support DeSantis has received could prove instrumental in his race, because, in a  state as big as Florida, where a week s worth of saturation TV during next year s general election could cost as much as $3 million, cash is king,  per Politico.Supporters include casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, hedge fund heiress Rebekah Mercer, investment tycoon Foster Friess, as well as other donors who have funded Trump s 2016 campaign and the conservative Koch brothers  network, per Politico.  AxiosRepresentative Ron DeSantis (R-FL) is a fighter. Here s an example of how DeSantis took on the fake Trump-Russian collusion story:Sun Sentinel   DeSantis, who hasn t officially announced his candidacy, thanked Trump in a press release with the headline,  President Trump Backs Ron DeSantis for Governor of Florida. I m grateful to have the president s support and appreciate what he has done,  DeSantis said, adding praise for Trump achievements that have pleased conservatives: recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, signing the tax reform legislation, and appointing conservative judges.DeSantis, a Republican from Ponte Vedra Beach, has been a strong supporter of Trump.In August, he proposed cutting off funding for special counsel Robert Mueller s investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election.DeSantis  proposal, which went nowhere, would have stopped money for the investigation 180 days after it becomes law. And it would have prevented Mueller from investigating  matters  that occurred before Trump announced his presidential campaign.Also in August, DeSantis used an appearance at the Palm Beach County Republican Party s annual lobsterfest to advertise his pro-Trump credentials.As he delivered a combination political speech and invocation, the big screens at the front of the room flashed a picture of DeSantis, his wife, their infant daughter, the president and First Lady Melania Trump outside the White House.DeSantis said the president complimented his wife on her appearance.At that Palm Beach County appearance, and at events throughout the state, DeSantis has been laying the groundwork for a 2018 candidacy for the Republican nomination to run for governor.Here s Ron DeSantis blasting the press and our government agencies for giving Barack Obama a free pass over his support for Hezbollah:The Trump effect: DeSantis reflects the shifting type of Republican candidate under Trump: he s a Fox News contributor, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, a supporter of Trump s recent decision to make Jerusalem the home of the U.S. embassy in Israel, and he opposes Special Counsel Bob Mueller s Russia probe (even calling for it to end after just six months).",0
17469,WATCH HERO Singlehandedly Shut Down Anti-Trump Protest: “Hey! This is library!” [Video],"The video below is one of the highlights from the protests last year. Protesters at the University of Washington were firmly reminded that their shouting in a library was not appreciated. This is epic!About two dozen social justice warriors gathered in the normally quiet zone, a couple students wielding megaphones, and began to chant  Who s got the power?   We ve got the power!   What kind of power?   Equal power! The small protest took place about an hour after the inauguration, says the description on the YouTube video uploaded by KING 5 s Alex Rozier.But just as the momentum is getting louder, a lone voice calling  Hey, hey   hey!  interrupts the protest. Everyone quiets down as the camera dramatically pans to a young man in a dark-blue buttoned up shirt and glasses. This is library!  he scolds them.The protesters are stunned into silence for several moments, though a few feebly call out insults, including one woman who seems to ask if he s going to go back to Beijing. The man turns and leaves.Read more: barstoolsports.com",0
17470,FINALLY RELEASED! Email from Huma Abedin Includes Classified Documents [Video],"Thanks to the persistence of Judicial Watch, the emails from Huma Abedin were finally released today. Within those emails are classified documents that are  heavily redacted . Chris Farrell just commented on the documents:  A national security crime that Mr. Comey thinks is no big deal .@JudicialWatch Director of Investigations Chris Farrell on release of Huma Abedin emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop: ""Yet another really grave national security crime that Mr. Comey apparently thinks is no big deal."" https://t.co/xAzOlbGImt pic.twitter.com/YwvR2CIL3E  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 29, 2017Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch:Thanks to @JudicialWatch, we know classified info from Hillary Clinton s email server was on Anthony Weiner's laptop. There is an urgent need for a criminal investigation by the @RealDonaldTrump Justice Department. pic.twitter.com/rTCS8zD206  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 29, 2017New York Post Reports:The State Department Friday released a trove of emails from Huma Abedin that the feds discovered on her husband Anthony Weiner s laptop   including at least five that were marked as  classified. Most of the emails were heavily redacted because they contained classified material   but one that was sent on Nov. 25 2010 was addressed to  Anthony Campaign,  an apparent address belonging to Weiner.The message contained a list of talking points for then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who was prepping to make a call to Prince Saud of Saudi Arabia to warn him about sensitive documents that had been given to WikiLeaks by then-Army intelligence officer Bradley Manning. I deeply regret the likely upcoming WikiLeaks disclosure,  read one of the talking points. This appears to be the result of an illegal act in which a fully cleared intelligence officer stole information and gave it to a website. The person responsible will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law  the message continued. This is the kind of information we fear may be released: details of private conversations with your government on Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan. State was expected to dump roughly 2,800 emails as a result of a court case won by the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch.Thanks to @JudicialWatch, State Department now posting government docs from Clinton/Abedin found on Anthony Weiner laptop. Weiner campaign received classified info through Abedin/Clinton emails. Docs being posted here: https://t.co/dHCRPEk3gn  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 29, 2017This is a major victory,  Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton, said in a statement. After years of hard work in federal court, Judicial Watch has forced the State Department to finally allow Americans to see these public documents. ",0
17471,"CNN’S DON LEMON LOSES IT: Screams No! No! No! When Hillary, Huma, Weiner Scandal Brought Up [Video]","CNN host Don Lemon continues to show his extreme bias when it comes to Democrats vs Republicans. His most recent show of bias was his interview with a panel that included Ben Ferguson. When Ferguson brought up the Hillary, Huma, Weiner scandal, Lemon screamed  No!  over and over again. He thinks this is  old news  but it s a fact that the emails from Weiner s laptop are coming out today. We took a screenshot of Lemon s smirk at the end of the video (SEE BELOW) showing his irritation at the direction Ferguson took during the interview.EMAILS TO BE RELEASED TODAY   THIS ISN T OLD NEWS!.@StateDept will publish releasable portions of 2800 government docs that @FBI found on Anthony Weiner laptop tomorrow (Dec. 29th). Again, thanks to @JudicialWatch lawsuits. Will @RealDonaldTrump DOJ finally take action on Clinton/Abedin misdeeds? https://t.co/8X4p0srBa9  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 28, 2017A screenshot from the last moment of the interview shows Lemon s disgust and frustration with the fact that Ben Ferguson brought up a topic the Dems would like to forget:ONE OF OUR ALL TIME FAVORITES WITH LEMON IS WHEN ROY MOORE S ATTORNEY TROLLED HIM ON-AIR SO FUNNY!Roy Moore s attorney just called political hack Don Lemon a funny name on air. The CNN host was not pleased with the attorney s quip of  Don Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy Roy Moore attorney calls CNN host 'Don Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy'   pic.twitter.com/dDyvj81xnO  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) November 12, 2017",0
17472,"CNN’S FAKE NEWS BACKFIRES! CNN Legal Analyst Agrees With Trump On FBI, DOJ: “Off the rails!” [Video]","Hell has frozen over! CNN is actually reporting the truth! CNN legal analyst Paul Callan agrees with the assessment that the FBI and DOJ need to be  purged . They refer to Rep. Rooney s (see below) take that the FBI and DOJ are off the rails:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON REP ROONEY S TAKE ON THE CORRUPT DOJ AND FBI:THIS IS PRICELESS! The video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the FBI and DOJ.When a Republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the FBI and Justice Department, the MSNBC host Hallie Jackson was clearly agitated and shocked: I m very concerned that the DOJ and the FBI, whether you call it deep state or what, are off the rails,  Florida Rep. Francis Rooney stated then cited reasons behind his concern. The anti-Trump bias and the demotion of Bruce Ohr were just two of the examples Rooney gave.Jackson shot back,  Congressman, you just called the FBI and the DOJ off the rails. Something that you re okay with talking about here? How does that not sort of undermine the work that the agencies are doing? I don t want to discredit them. I would like to see the directors of those agencies purge it,  said Rooney.  And say look, we ve got a lot of great agents, a lot of great lawyers here, those are the people that I want the American people to see and know the good works being done, not these people who are kind of the deep state. Jackson responded:  Language like that, Congressman, purge? Purge the Department of Justice? Rooney responded,  Well, I think that Mr. Strzok could be purged, sure. Ms. Jackson might want to read up on the corruption that s been uncovered so far with the FBI and DOJ.",0
17473,WHY THIS Democrat Stronghold County Voted For Trump…And Why They’ll Vote For Him Again: “He’s a fighter…nobody’s gonna push him into a corner” [VIDEO],"AP News  The regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table, the one next to an old box television playing the news on mute.Steven Whitt fires up the coffee pot and flips on the fluorescent sign in the window of the Frosty Freeze, his diner that looks and sounds and smells about the same as it did when it opened a half-century ago. Coffee is 50 cents a cup, refills 25 cents. The pot sits on the counter, and payment is based on the honor system.People like it that way, he thinks. It reminds them of a time before the world seemed to stray away from them, when coal was king and the values of the nation seemed the same as the values here, in God s Country, in this small county isolated in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.Everyone in town comes to his diner for nostalgia and homestyle cooking. And, recently, news reporters come from all over the world to puzzle over politics   because Elliott County, a blue-collar union stronghold, voted for the Democrat in each and every presidential election for its 147-year existence.Until Donald Trump came along and promised to wind back the clock. He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse. There was a new energy about everybody here,  says Whitt. I still see it. Despite the president s dismal approval ratings and lethargic legislative achievements, he remains profoundly popular here in these mountains, a region so badly battered by the collapse of the coal industry it became the symbolic heart of Trump s white working-class base.The frenetic churn of the national news, the ceaseless Twitter taunts, the daily declarations of outrage scroll soundlessly across the bottom of the diner s television screen, rarely registering. When they do, Trump doesn t shoulder the blame   because the allegiance of those here is as emotional as it is economic.It means God, guns, patriotism, saying  Merry Christmas  and not Happy Holidays. It means validation of their indignation about a changing nation: gay marriage and immigration and factories moving overseas. It means tearing down the political system that neglected them again and again in favor of the big cities that feel a world away.On those counts, they believe Trump has delivered, even if his promised blue-collar renaissance has not yet materialized. He s punching at all the people who let them down for so long   the presidential embodiment of their own discontent. He s already done enough to get my vote again, without a doubt, no question,  Wes Lewis, a retired pipefitter and one of Whitt s regulars, declares as he deals the day s first hand of cards.He thinks the mines and the factories will soon roar back to life, and if they don t, he believes they would have if Democrats and Republicans and the media   all  crooked as a barrel of fishhooks    had gotten out of the way. What Lewis has now that he didn t have before Trump is a belief that his president is pulling for people like him. One thing I hear in here a lot is that nobody s gonna push him into a corner,  says Whitt, 35.  He s a fighter. I think they like the bluntness of it. He plops down at an empty table next to the card game, drops a stack of mail onto his lap and begins flipping through the envelopes. Bill, bill, bill,  he reports to his wife, Chesla, who has arrived to relieve him at the restaurant they run together. He needs to run home and change of out his Frosty Freeze uniform, the first of several work ensembles he wears each day, and put on his second, a suit and tie. He also owns a local funeral home and he s the county coroner, elected as a Democrat.The Whitts, like many people here, cobble together a living with a couple jobs each   sometimes working 12 or 15 hours a day   because there aren t many options better than minimum wage. There s the school system, and a prison, and that s pretty much it. Outside of town, population 622, roads wind past rolling farms that used to grow tobacco before that industry crumbled too, then up into the hills of Appalachia, with its spectacular natural beauty and grinding poverty that has come to define this region in the American imagination.Whitt slides a medical bill across the table. Looks like this one is the new helmet,  he says, and his wife tears the envelope open and reports the debt: $3,995. They will add it to a growing pile that s already surpassed $40,000 since their son was born nine months ago with a rare condition. His skull was shaped like an egg, the bones fused together in places they shouldn t be. Tommy, their baby boy with big blue eyes, has now outgrown three of the helmets he s been required to wear after surgery so his bones grow back together like they should.They pay $800 a month for insurance. But when they took their baby to a surgeon in Cincinnati, they learned it was out of network. In-network hospitals offered only more invasive surgeries, so they opted to pay out of pocket. At the hospital they were told that if they d been on an insurance program for the poor, it would have all been free.This represents the cracks in America s institutions that drove Whitt, a lifelong Democrat, from supporting President Barack Obama to buying a  Make America Great Again  cap that he still keeps on top of the hutch. Many of their welfare-dependent neighbors, he believes, stay trapped in a cycle of handouts and poverty while hardworking taxpayers like him and his wife are stuck with the tab and can t get ahead. Where s the fairness in that?  he asks.But Whitt doesn t blame Trump for the failure this year to repeal the health care law and replace it with something better. He blames the  brick wall  in Washington, the politicians he sees as blocking everything Trump proposes while  small people  like them in small places like this are left again to languish.A third of people here live in poverty. Just 9 percent of adults have a college degree, but they always made up for that with backbreaking labor that workers traveled dozens of miles to neighboring counties or states to do, and those jobs have gotten harder to find.Many here blame global trade agreements and the  war on coal    environmental regulations designed by Obama s administration to curb carbon emissions   for the decline of mining and manufacturing jobs. When Trump bemoans the  American carnage  of lost factories and lost faith, it feels like he s talking to the people in these Appalachian hills. When he scraps dozens of regulations to the horror of environmentalists and says it means jobs are on the way, they embrace him.Coal has ticked up since Trump took office; mining companies have added 1,200 jobs across the country since his inauguration, more than 180 of them in Kentucky. But industry analysts say that was tied largely to market forces and dismiss Trump s repeated pledges to resuscitate the coal industry as pie in the sky. Coal has been on the decline for many decades for many reasons outside of regulation: far cheaper natural gas, mechanization, thinning Appalachian seams. With the opposition he s had, I think he s pulling the plow pretty good,  offers Wes Lewis from the card table. A few months ago, he says, he saw four brand-new coal rigs going through town.  For the longest time, under Obama, all we saw were trucks being pulled on wreckers, because people turned belly up, they went broke. Lewis says he s heard about friends of friends being called back to work. He s noticed new trucks in people s driveways, too, which he takes as evidence that his neighbors are feeling confident about their futures. These tiny signs stack up to him as proof. Lewis fishes the tag out of the bib of his overalls:  Made in Mexico,  it reads. Trump s bringing them back,  he says.Lewis, a registered Democrat, trusts Trump because he trusts his values. And because of that, he trusts Trump s other promises   so strongly he can t think of anything that would shake that faith in him. If the factories and mines don t come back, he ll blame the opposition. If there isn t a wall on the Mexico border, he says, it won t be because Trump didn t try. If investigators find his campaign colluded with Russians, it s because so many people are so determined to bring him down.Go HERE to read entire story.",0
17474,"REMEMBER “Pam” From “The Office”? The Real-Life Actress, Jenna Fischer, Just Got CALLED OUT On Twitter For Using Bad Information To Bash Trump’s Tax Bill","Jenna Fischer is best known for playing the very likeable character,  Pam , in the hit series  The Office . Actress Jenna Fischer decided to use her huge fan base of over 750,000 followers on Twitter to point out how the GOP Tax bill that President Trump worked so hard to push through was punishing teachers. The only problem is, Fischer s tweet was incorrect.Maybe she should stick to comedy.Actress Jenna Fischer, best known for her role as Pam on NBC s  The Office,  found herself in hot water after she shared inaccurate information about the GOP tax bill on Twitter. I can t stop thinking about how school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes something they shouldn t have to pay for with their own money in the first place. I mean, imagine if nurses had to go buy their own syringes. #ugh,  Fisher tweeted on Saturday.After Fischer got destroyed on Twitter for posting bad information, she DELETED her tweet.Twitter users were quick to point out that Fischer was misinformed; the $250 school supplies deduction was included in the bill.Please don't spread half-truths! Teachers will still have up to a $250 deduction for supplies with the new plan! It's not enough but it is still something.  Matt Campbell (@mcampbell77) December 23, 2017The 43-year-old followed up her tweet writing,  It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn t have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers. It was capped at $250 which is woefully insufficient especially considering they shouldn't have to go out of pocket at all. #iloveteachers  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 24, 2017However, the actress was still incorrect and the Twitterverse was more than happy to correct her.  Fox NewsThis tweet is 100% wrong, because the final bill KEPT this deduction, but 14,000 RT s later  https://t.co/nanRynSOWu  Matt Rossetto (@mdrossetto) December 24, 2017It s been $250 for years. Nothing changed.  Jason Ensley (@JasonKensley) December 24, 2017To her credit, Fischer admitted she was wrong and even made a formal apology on Twitter for posting information that was not accurate about the GOP tax bill.Thanks for your tweets! I had some facts wrong. Teachers surveyed by Scholastic in 2016 personally spent an average of $530 on school supplies for students. Teachers who worked at high-poverty schools spent an average of $672. The tax deduction was capped at $250.  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 25, 2017I've deleted a tweet and would like to issue an apology. Please read and re-tweet to help me spread the word! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/R6CNyn4bVV  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) December 27, 2017This isn t the first time actress Jenna Fischer expressed his dislike for President Trump and his policies. On November 30, Fischer attempted to capitalize on the anger her followers may have had about two Britain First videos that President Trump re-tweeted, by asking them to donate to Miry s List, a group who welcomes refugee families to America.If you were upset by the President's tweets yesterday, please consider making a small donation to Miry's List   they are trying to raise $75,000 to welcome 100 refugee families by the end of the year. They do good work and I'm proud to support them. https://t.co/XuIrMr5uGW  Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) November 30, 2017 ",0
17475,SAY WHAT? PROSECUTORS Claim Convicted ISLAMIC TERRORIST Used His LAPTOP and Jihadi Materials To Radicalize Fellow Prisoners In NY Prison,"According to The Sun, George W. Bush  successor, Barack Obama, promised to close the camp in 2009, calling it a  sad chapter in American history .But he faced strong opposition from Congress and succeeded only in reducing the number of inmates from 245 to around 40, as detainees were either freed or transferred to other countries.Since his election in 2016, Donald Trump has vowed to keep the prison open and use it to detain  bad dudes .He has also stated he would happily use torture against inmates.He said:  I would bring back waterboarding, and I d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding  Don t tell me it doesn t work torture works  if it doesn t work, they deserve it anyway, for what they re doing to us. We have to fight fire with fire. According to CNN, the man convicted in the 2016 bombing in New York s Chelsea neighborhood that injured 30 people has been trying to radicalize other inmates, federal prosecutors say.Ahmad Khan Rahimi also told a judge he is on a hunger strike.Rahimi provided inmates with copies of terrorist propaganda and jihadist materials, including speeches by Osama Bin Laden and the late militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, bomb-making instructions, books on jihad and issues of the al Qaeda-backed magazine Inspire, prosecutors said.Rahimi  has been attempting to radicalize fellow inmates in the Metropolitan Correction Center by, among other things, distributing propaganda and publications issued by terrorist organizations,  according to a letter from Acting U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim to US District Judge Richard Berman.Rahimi let other inmates view the items on his laptop and gave them electronic copies, Kim s letter said. Discs of the materials were found in two inmates  possession.Defense attorneys for Rahimi have yet to respond to the allegations.Prosecutors said Rahimi began distributing these materials in October if not earlier. Rahimi was convicted October 16 on eight federal charges in connection with the Chelsea bombing.Among the inmates Rahimi gave the materials to, prosecutors say, is Sajmir Alimehmeti, who is scheduled to go on trial next month on terrorism-related charges.Rahimi was arrested and charged after a pressure cooker bomb went off in New York s Chelsea neighborhood on September 17, 2016. A second pressure cooker bomb was found a few blocks away, on 27th Street, but didn t detonate.Earlier the same day, a bomb went off near the start of a Marine Corps charity run in Seaside Park, New Jersey.After a two-week trial and roughly four hours of jury deliberation, Rahimi was convicted of charges including the use and attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, bombing a public place, destroying property by means of fire or explosives, and using a destructive device in furtherance of a crime of violence.During the trial, the prosecution presented evidence   including DNA and fingerprints   linking Rahimi to the bombs that were placed in New Jersey and New York.Rahimi faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison, according to an earlier statement from Kim.Rahimi faces separate charges in other jurisdictions in connection with the bomb that went off in Seaside Park, a backpack containing improvised explosive devices found the following day at a transit station in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and a shootout he had with police before being taken into custody.",0
17476,ISRAEL WILL NAME New Train Station Near Western Wall After President Donald Trump,"Israel s transportation minister is pushing ahead with a plan to extend Jerusalem s soon-to-open high-speed rail line to the Western Wall, where he wants to name a future station after President Donald Trump. The Western Wall is the holiest place for the Jewish people, and I decided to name the train station that leads to it after president Trump   following his historic and brave decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel,  Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz told the Jerusalem Post.The national daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth was first to report Tuesday that Katz had approved final construction plans for the train, which will include excavating a 2-mile tunnel from the Umma (nation) station at the entrance to the city to the Cardo in the Jewish Quarter.The route will take travelers through downtown Jerusalem and under the politically and historically sensitive Old City. The Western Wall is the holiest site where Jews can pray.Transportation Ministry spokesman Avner Ovadia said Wednesday the project is estimated to cost more than $700 million and, if approved, would take four years to complete.Katz s office said in a statement that the minister advanced the plan in a recent meeting with Israel Railways executives, and has fast-tracked it in the planning committees.Katz said a high-speed rail station would allow visitors to reach  the beating heart of the Jewish people   the Western Wall and the Temple Mount. Donald Trump: It s time to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.Trump s announcement acknowledging Jerusalem as Israel s capital   and his pledge to move America s embassy there   enraged Palestinians and much of the Muslim world.The United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution last week rejecting the U.S. s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, with several traditional American allies voting in favor of the motion.The Western Wall train proposal will likely face opposition from the international community, which doesn t recognize Israeli sovereignty over east Jerusalem and the Old City, which Israel captured in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed. ThePalestinians seek east Jerusalem and the Old City, home to Muslim, Christian and Jewish holy sites, as capital of a future state.  Daily Mail ",0
17477,"WHY THIS BLUE-COLLAR DEMOCRAT STRONGHOLD County Is Still Fighting For Trump: “He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse” [VIDEO]","AP News  The regulars amble in before dawn and claim their usual table, the one next to an old box television playing the news on mute.Steven Whitt fires up the coffee pot and flips on the fluorescent sign in the window of the Frosty Freeze, his diner that looks and sounds and smells about the same as it did when it opened a half-century ago. Coffee is 50 cents a cup, refills 25 cents. The pot sits on the counter, and payment is based on the honor system.People like it that way, he thinks. It reminds them of a time before the world seemed to stray away from them, when coal was king and the values of the nation seemed the same as the values here, in God s Country, in this small county isolated in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.Everyone in town comes to his diner for nostalgia and homestyle cooking. And, recently, news reporters come from all over the world to puzzle over politics   because Elliott County, a blue-collar union stronghold, voted for the Democrat in each and every presidential election for its 147-year existence.Until Donald Trump came along and promised to wind back the clock. He was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse. There was a new energy about everybody here,  says Whitt. I still see it. Despite the president s dismal approval ratings and lethargic legislative achievements, he remains profoundly popular here in these mountains, a region so badly battered by the collapse of the coal industry it became the symbolic heart of Trump s white working-class base.The frenetic churn of the national news, the ceaseless Twitter taunts, the daily declarations of outrage scroll soundlessly across the bottom of the diner s television screen, rarely registering. When they do, Trump doesn t shoulder the blame   because the allegiance of those here is as emotional as it is economic.It means God, guns, patriotism, saying  Merry Christmas  and not Happy Holidays. It means validation of their indignation about a changing nation: gay marriage and immigration and factories moving overseas. It means tearing down the political system that neglected them again and again in favor of the big cities that feel a world away.On those counts, they believe Trump has delivered, even if his promised blue-collar renaissance has not yet materialized. He s punching at all the people who let them down for so long   the presidential embodiment of their own discontent. He s already done enough to get my vote again, without a doubt, no question,  Wes Lewis, a retired pipefitter and one of Whitt s regulars, declares as he deals the day s first hand of cards.He thinks the mines and the factories will soon roar back to life, and if they don t, he believes they would have if Democrats and Republicans and the media   all  crooked as a barrel of fishhooks    had gotten out of the way. What Lewis has now that he didn t have before Trump is a belief that his president is pulling for people like him. One thing I hear in here a lot is that nobody s gonna push him into a corner,  says Whitt, 35.  He s a fighter. I think they like the bluntness of it. He plops down at an empty table next to the card game, drops a stack of mail onto his lap and begins flipping through the envelopes. Bill, bill, bill,  he reports to his wife, Chesla, who has arrived to relieve him at the restaurant they run together. He needs to run home and change of out his Frosty Freeze uniform, the first of several work ensembles he wears each day, and put on his second, a suit and tie. He also owns a local funeral home and he s the county coroner, elected as a Democrat.The Whitts, like many people here, cobble together a living with a couple jobs each   sometimes working 12 or 15 hours a day   because there aren t many options better than minimum wage. There s the school system, and a prison, and that s pretty much it. Outside of town, population 622, roads wind past rolling farms that used to grow tobacco before that industry crumbled too, then up into the hills of Appalachia, with its spectacular natural beauty and grinding poverty that has come to define this region in the American imagination.Whitt slides a medical bill across the table. Looks like this one is the new helmet,  he says, and his wife tears the envelope open and reports the debt: $3,995. They will add it to a growing pile that s already surpassed $40,000 since their son was born nine months ago with a rare condition. His skull was shaped like an egg, the bones fused together in places they shouldn t be. Tommy, their baby boy with big blue eyes, has now outgrown three of the helmets he s been required to wear after surgery so his bones grow back together like they should.They pay $800 a month for insurance. But when they took their baby to a surgeon in Cincinnati, they learned it was out of network. In-network hospitals offered only more invasive surgeries, so they opted to pay out of pocket. At the hospital they were told that if they d been on an insurance program for the poor, it would have all been free.This represents the cracks in America s institutions that drove Whitt, a lifelong Democrat, from supporting President Barack Obama to buying a  Make America Great Again  cap that he still keeps on top of the hutch. Many of their welfare-dependent neighbors, he believes, stay trapped in a cycle of handouts and poverty while hardworking taxpayers like him and his wife are stuck with the tab and can t get ahead. Where s the fairness in that?  he asks.But Whitt doesn t blame Trump for the failure this year to repeal the health care law and replace it with something better. He blames the  brick wall  in Washington, the politicians he sees as blocking everything Trump proposes while  small people  like them in small places like this are left again to languish.A third of people here live in poverty. Just 9 percent of adults have a college degree, but they always made up for that with backbreaking labor that workers traveled dozens of miles to neighboring counties or states to do, and those jobs have gotten harder to find.Many here blame global trade agreements and the  war on coal    environmental regulations designed by Obama s administration to curb carbon emissions   for the decline of mining and manufacturing jobs. When Trump bemoans the  American carnage  of lost factories and lost faith, it feels like he s talking to the people in these Appalachian hills. When he scraps dozens of regulations to the horror of environmentalists and says it means jobs are on the way, they embrace him.Coal has ticked up since Trump took office; mining companies have added 1,200 jobs across the country since his inauguration, more than 180 of them in Kentucky. But industry analysts say that was tied largely to market forces and dismiss Trump s repeated pledges to resuscitate the coal industry as pie in the sky. Coal has been on the decline for many decades for many reasons outside of regulation: far cheaper natural gas, mechanization, thinning Appalachian seams. With the opposition he s had, I think he s pulling the plow pretty good,  offers Wes Lewis from the card table. A few months ago, he says, he saw four brand-new coal rigs going through town.  For the longest time, under Obama, all we saw were trucks being pulled on wreckers, because people turned belly up, they went broke. Lewis says he s heard about friends of friends being called back to work. He s noticed new trucks in people s driveways, too, which he takes as evidence that his neighbors are feeling confident about their futures. These tiny signs stack up to him as proof. Lewis fishes the tag out of the bib of his overalls:  Made in Mexico,  it reads. Trump s bringing them back,  he says.Lewis, a registered Democrat, trusts Trump because he trusts his values. And because of that, he trusts Trump s other promises   so strongly he can t think of anything that would shake that faith in him. If the factories and mines don t come back, he ll blame the opposition. If there isn t a wall on the Mexico border, he says, it won t be because Trump didn t try. If investigators find his campaign colluded with Russians, it s because so many people are so determined to bring him down.Go HERE to read entire story.",0
17478,CHRISTMAS IN DETROIT: FIGHTS Break Out…THUG MOM Pulls Knife At Toy Giveaway Where Thousands Wait For Free Toys [VIDEO],"Large crowds, fights and a woman arrested for pulling a knife   none are normally synonymous with a toy giveaway. But Saturday on Detroit s west side, hundreds, if not thousands, gathered for free Christmas toys.Police had to be called in because, at times, the crowds were unruly. People were fighting over toys, so they shut the door,  one person said.It was likely a first for any kind of toy giveaway, crowds so large Detroit police had to step in, and those trying to get toys, at times, getting out of control.Saturday night s toy giveaway is part of a program called Toys Making I.M.P.A.C.T.S. For months, those in need could register for free toys for their children, and when the doors opened at Tower Center Mall on Grand River Avenue at 4 p.m., close to 6,000 children were signed up.And more families who didn t sign up showed up.The organizers admit that organization and crowd control is on them. They just weren t expecting so many people.A 39-year-old woman was arrested after pulling a knife on someone during a fight. No one was hurt, but this happened in front of her children, so Detroit police had to take them back to the precinct and try to find other family members.  WDIV ",0
17479,“ENTITLED” DEM REP. SHEILA JACKSON LEE Has Been Taking Advantage Of Her “Public Servant” Status On Airplanes For Decades: “Don’t you know who I am?…Where is my seafood meal?”,"Jean-Marie Simon, a passenger on a United Airlines flight from Houston to Washington D.C. has accused United Airlines of giving her first-class seat to U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee. D-Houston.  When the flight attendant saw her taking a picture of the congresswoman who was seated in her front row, first-class seat, she threatened to remove her from the plane.Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) in seat 1A the one I paid for dearly, and the one United gave to her without my consent or knowledge! Fellow congressman on same flight said she does it repeatedly. @united pic.twitter.com/Q2c6u6B0Yp  Jean-Marie Simon (@JeanMarieSimon1) December 23, 2017A mechanical problem with the plane delayed take-off and after about 50 minutes, she said, passengers were invited to consult with a gate agent about alternative flights.Simon said she went to the front and snapped a photo of Jackson Lee and told a flight attendant that she knew why she d been bumped.In her statement, Jackson Lee said she overheard Simon speaking with an African-American flight attendant and saw her snap the photo.JACKSON LEE PULLS THE RACE CARD: Since this was not any fault of mine, the way the individual continued to act appeared to be, upon reflection, because I was an African American woman, seemingly an easy target along with the African American flight attendant who was very, very nice,  Jackson Lee said in the statement.  This saddens me, especially at this time of year given all of the things we have to work on to help people. But in the spirit of this season and out of the sincerity of my heart, if it is perceived that I had anything to do with this, I am kind enough to simply say sorry. Simon said Jackson Lee s statement accused her of racism, adding:  I had no idea who was in my seat when I complained at the gate that my seat had been given to someone else,  she said.  There is no way you can see who is in a seat from inside the terminal. It was just so completely humiliating,  said Jean-Marie Simon, a 63-year-old attorney and private school teacher who used 140,000 miles on Dec. 3 to purchase the first-class tickets to take her from Washington D.C. to Guatemala and back home.According to True Pundit   The Democrat has developed a reputation for making life hell for any clerk, stewardess, or pilot unwilling or unable to make her three-and-a-half-hour flight anything less than glamorous. She takes advantage of federal travel perks to book multiple flights (only to cancel at the last minute and at no charge). She demands an upgrade to premier seats. She expects, in her words,  to be treated like a queen. Sometimes it gets ugly. For instance, when one peasant of a flight attendant failed to serve the food Jackson Lee requested, the congresswoman went wild.  Don t you know who I am?  she reportedly shrieked.  I m Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee. Where is my seafood meal? I know it was ordered! That inflight incident was in 1998, and Jackson Lee has only increased in seniority since. She sits on the Committee on Homeland Security and she serves as the ranking member of the subcommittee on transportation security, no doubt, giving her, even more, sway over the airlines and even more of a reason to feel entitled.When accused of taking an ill-gotten first-class seat, Jackson Lee was adamant she didn t do anything wrong. It s just the way she expects to be treated.  I asked for nothing exceptional or out of the ordinary and received nothing exceptional or out of the ordinary,  the congresswoman said in a statement.  True Pundit",0
17480,WHY FINAL “Sunday Night Football” Game Was Canceled… Is Low Attendance The Reason?,"The NFL announced Tuesday that the final  Sunday Night Football  game of the season has been canceled Was it due to low attendance in previous weeks? Well, it s part of the reason. Low attendance has been plaguing the league since the kneeling controversy took hold.Recently, a liberal news source tried to downplay the boycott from NFL fans by citing injuries from key star athletes in the NFL as the reason for low interest in games.  We think the kneeling controversy has more to do with the lack of interest in games. It s being reported that the attendance is down 9% from last year:We ve seen stadiums with hundreds of empty seats along with low viewership.There are a few other reasons why the game was canceled but low attendance was certainly part of it:Daily Caller reports:The league had yet to announce who would play during the primetime game next Sunday, but with the chance that none of the matchups would have playoff implications for one or both of the teams, they opted not to schedule the game.NEW YEAR S EVE:The other problem the league faced was broadcasting a game on New Year s Eve, which would invite lower number of viewers traditionally on that night. We felt that both from a competitive standpoint and from a fan perspective, the most fair thing to do is to schedule all Week 17 games in either the 1 p.m. or 4:25 p.m. windows,  NFL broadcast chief Howard Katz said in a statement.The last time a  Sunday Night Football  game took place on the final night of the year was in 2006 when the Chicago Bears hosted the Green Bay Packers. That game was Hall of Fame member Brett Favre s final game with the Packers. Despite that fact, the game only drew 13.4 million viewers, which for that season was a quarter of the typical audience for  SNF. In a season plagued with lower ratings due to the national anthem protests, the league s decision was not surprising.",0
17481,FLASHBACK: CNN HOST Concerned Working Americans “Are Going To Vote For Donald Trump Again” After Getting Bonuses and Pay Raises,"CNN s Allyson Camerota expressed her concern about how the tax breaks for Americans will harm the Democrats chances of winning in the mid-term elections with Michigan s Democrat Congresswoman Debbie Dingell.Camerota appeared somewhat panicked, as she started out her segment whining to Dingell about bonuses and pay raises that Americans will receive as a result of Trump s GOP tax bill:  Just, ever since the tax reform was announced, or the tax overhaul, or whatever you want to call it, there have been this whole slew of companies that have come forward and saying,  Guess what? We re going to give out bonuses, now, to our employees.  I mean, I have just a partial list in front of me, and there s nine companies on here from AT&T, to Boeing, to Comcast, Bank of America, Sinclair, Wells Fargo, PNC. There s all sorts of companies that say they re going to give something to a thousand dollars worth of bonuses to their hundreds of thousands of employees. Fifth Bank Corp is gonna boost the minimum wage to $15 per hour. Obviously, they could have done this before the tax overhaul was announced. They were sitting on profits. But they didn t, they did it when the tax overhaul was announced. And I m wondering if you, as a Democrat are you worried about the wind in their sails? People vote with their pocketbooks. I don t have to tell you this. So if you get a thousand dollar bonus, you re voting for Donald Trump again. Although Rep. Debbie Dingell (D-MI) voted against the tax cut bill, she smartly responded to Camerota s question by saying that she s  never going to complain that any working man or woman will get an extra boost in their, uh, income.  Dingell then told Camerota that at some point a lot of people are still going to see a tax increase at some point. Camerota interrupted her to say,  Years from now Years from now! Well after the mid-terms. So couldn t this carry Republicans through the mid-terms? RT @RealSaavedra: CNN ""journalist"" Allisyn Camerota frets over how many businesses are giving back to their employees as a result of the tax cuts and worries it may help GOP. #TheFive #Tucker #SpecialReport pic.twitter.com/xUHXHHJ8wk  Tosca Austen (@ToscaAusten) December 26, 2017Businesses and major corporations tweeted about bonuses and pay raises they would be giving their employees as a direct result of Trump s GOP tax reform bill that was passed without a single Democrat vote:Here is AT&T s full statement: Boening announced on Twitter that a $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future:#Boeing announces $300M employee-related and charitable investment as a result of #TaxReform legislation to support our heroes, our homes and our future. pic.twitter.com/ZNawbAW7AY  The Boeing Company (@Boeing) December 20, 2017",0
17482,MEDIA IGNORES TRUMP’S FIRST Record-Breaking Christmas Season…Retail Sales Of $600 BILLION: “This is literally the best season since before the recession”,"The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017CBS News reported on the retailer s record-breaking holiday season without ever mentioning President Trump:Total retail sales this holiday season added up to a record $598 billion dollars   up $33 billion from last year.Not surprisingly, the AP also failed to mention President Trump: Experts have issued rosy forecasts for the season. Shoppers seemed to be in the mood with unemployment at a 17-year low and consumer sentiment at its highest level since 2000. Shoppers have been spending at a pace not seen since the Great Recession, says Craig Johnson, president of retail consulting group Customer Growth Partners. The Wall Street Journal reported sales were up for retailers like Macy s and Wal-Mart. The Wall Street Journal even mentioned that spending was up in all income categories, as shoppers were encouraged by rising wages and low unemployment, but failed to attribute any of the retailer s success to President mention Trump:Retailers are enjoying some extra Christmas cheer.Fueled by high consumer confidence and a robust job market, U.S. retail sales in the holiday period rose at their best pace since 2011, according to Mastercard SpendingPulse, which tracks both online and in-store spending.Sales, excluding automobiles, rose 4.9% from Nov. 1 through Christmas, compared with a 3.7% gain in the same period last year, according to the Mastercard Inc. unit, which tracks all forms of payment. E-commerce continued to drive the gains, rising 18.1%. Overall, this year was a big win for retail,  Ms. Quinlan said.That newfound buoyancy is a relief to retailers from department-store giants like Macy s Inc. to mall favorites like Gap Inc. that struggled through a difficult year of store closures, declining foot traffic and bankruptcies by chains including the Sports Authority, Toys  R  Us and Payless Shoes.Investors, who have abandoned many retail stocks even as the broader stock market surged, have started to return. Shares of Macy s and Gap, for example, have jumped 24% and 18%, respectively, in the past month, compared with a 3% gain in the S&P 500. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has rallied 40% on the year and, like online nemesis Amazon.com Inc., is trading near all-time highs. Unlike in past years, when spending was driven by high-income shoppers, this holiday season a broader swath of the population opened their wallets, encouraged by rising wages and low unemployment, analysts and economists said. Fewer people are living paycheck to paycheck,  said Chris Christopher, executive director of economic-research firm IHS Markit.  There is a lot more spending from the lower- and middle-income groups, while the upper-income groups are splurging. Fox Business News reported the amazing Christmas season sales, but neglected to mention President Trump s positive effect on the economy:Retailers are finally enjoying some Christmas cheer.Fueled by high consumer confidence and a robust job market, U.S. retail sales in the holiday period rose at their best pace since 2011, according to Mastercard SpendingPulse, which tracks both online and in-store spending.Sales, excluding automobiles, rose 4.9% from Nov. 1 through Christmas Eve, compared with a 3.7% gain in the same period last year, according to the Mastercard Inc. unit, which tracks all forms of payment. E-commerce continued to drive the gains, rising 18.1%. It started with a bang in the week leading up to Black Friday,  said Sarah Quinlan, a senior vice president of marketing insights at Mastercard. She added that retailers benefited this year from Christmas Day falling on a Monday, giving shoppers a full weekend to scoop up last-minute purchases. Dec. 23 ranked next to Black Friday in terms of spending, according to Mastercard.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
17483,MOVIEGOING HITS 22-YR LOW…LA Times Blames Everyone But ANTI-TRUMP HOLLYWOOD,"The LA Times is reporting that moviegoing is at the lowest level since 1995. The article blames Americans who are going to see fewer movies, on streaming services, which, to some extent, could be true, but from the majority of the comments we ve seen on our Facebook page, which reaches almost 1.7 million followers, Americans are no longer interested in paying their hard-earned money to support the anti-American and anti-Trump hate machine that is Hollywood. While there are a few openly conservative actors in Hollywood, the majority of them are swimming in a cesspool of liberalism and are consumed with hate for President Trump and his deplorable supporters.  From George Clooney trashing Trump over his stance on refugees coming to America from Muslim hotbed nations, to Meryl Streep using a televised award ceremony to trash our newly inaugurated President, to has-been pop stars like Madonna saying she d like to blow up the White House; America has had it up to their eyeballs with people who are some of America s top earners, thanks to the support of people they openly mock for supporting President Trump.  The LA Times reports, that Hollywood is celebrating the end of 2017 with astronomical sales from  Star Wars: The Last Jedi,  which is on track to soon exceed $1 billion in global ticket sales and eventually become the biggest movie of the year. But that won t be enough to write a happy storyline for the industry.Although movie ticket sales in the U.S. and Canada are expected to dip just below last year s record of $11.38 billion, the number of tickets sold is projected to drop 4% to 1.26 billion   the lowest level since 1995, according to preliminary estimates from studio executives.The falloff in ticket sales can mostly be explained by a handful of movies that flopped, especially during the dreary summer season that posted the worst results in more than two decades. Even such massive hits as  Wonder Woman,   Thor: Ragnarok  and  It  couldn t make up for a lackluster summer lineup populated by rickety franchises ( Alien: Covenant ) and poorly reviewed retreads ( The Mummy ).However, the long-term decline in attendance reflects systemic challenges facing the industry. Audiences are spending less time going to the movies and are consuming more entertainment on small screens and through streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon that are spending billions on original video content.Sorry to burst your liberal bubble, but now that the curtain has been pulled back, the deplorable crowd isn t interested in supporting hate-filled, liberal Hollywood. Deal with it ",0
17484,WHY OBAMA’S CORRUPT INNER CIRCLE Is Desperately Fighting To Protect His Failed Reputation," History shows that we can, if we must, tolerate nuclear weapons in North Korea. Those words were written by former National Security Adviser Susan Rice on Thursday in the New York Times, in arguing for appeasement towards Kim Jong-un.It was also the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with Barack Obama s feckless foreign policy   and it explains why the world that President Donald Trump inherited is so dangerous and unstable.The Obama administration believed it was worth living in the shadow of terror and nuclear aggression as long as the U.S. could maintain a dignified posture that could not provoke anyone.  BreitbartNoah Rothman of Commentary Magazine wrote a brilliant article about the  death rattle of Obama s reputation . In his article, Rothman reminds us of the ineffective and dangerous path former President Barack Obama took our nation down, and why the successes of President Trump are forcing his corrupt inner circle to speak out against Trump in defense of Obama s failed legacy.The members of Barack Obama s administration in exile have become conspicuously noisy of late even more so than usual. Former CIA Director John Brennan accused Donald Trump and his administration of engaging in  outrageous,   narcissistic  behavior typical of  vengeful autocrats  by threatening proportionate retaliation against countries that voted to condemn the United States in the United Nations, as though that were unprecedented. It is not. James Clapper, Obama s director of national intelligence, all but alleged that the president is a Russian  asset.  Perhaps the most acerbic and incendiary series of accusations from the former Democratic president s foreign-policy professionals were placed in the New York Times by Obama s national security advisor, Susan Rice. In her estimation, America has abdicated its role as a  force for good. Rice s attacks on the Republican administration deserve the most attention, if only because they are the most apoplectic. Donald Trump s recently released national-security review paints a  dark,   almost dystopian  vision of the world, Rice contended. His world is full of  hostile states and lurking threats.  Rice claimed that there is  no common good  in Trump s worldview. What s more, there is no  international community  and no  universal values.  There are just  American values. Rice acknowledges that Moscow is a threat to regional stability and peace,  Western values,  and U.S. sovereignty. She implies that Trump is a menace because he declines to recognize that. In fact, it was Obama much more so than Trump who has failed to see the obvious.Barack Obama was inarguably the least Atlanticist president since the end of World War II. Within a year of Russia s brazen invasion and dismemberment of the former Soviet Republic of Georgia, Obama scrapped George W. Bush-era agreements to move radar and missile interceptor installations to Central Europe. In 2013, the last of America s armored combat units left Europe, ending a 69-year footprint on the Continent. By 2014, there were just two U.S. Army brigades stationed in Europe. The folly of this demobilization became abundantly clear when Vladimir Putin became the first Russian leader since Stalin to invade and annex territory in neighboring Ukraine.A year later, Putin intervened militarily in Syria, where U.S. forces were already operating, resulting in the most dangerous escalation of tensions between the two nuclear powers since the end of the Cold War. Putin s move in Syria should not have come as a surprise; Barack Obama outsourced the resolution of the Syrian conflict to Moscow in 2013, if only to avoid making good on his self-set  red line  for intervention in that conflict despite the norm-shattering use of WMDs on civilians. Even Rice s chief complaint about Trump, his failure to condemn Putin s brazen intervention in the 2016 election, didn t elicit a reaction from Barack Obama until the final month of his presidency.By contrast, and to the surprise of just about everyone, the Trump administration has been tough on Russia. Trump has ordered harsh sanctions on Moscow s Iranian allies for violating United Nations resolutions a course the Obama administration declined to take even if it allowed Hezbollah terrorists with direct links to Putin to operate with impunity. He ordered long overdue airstrikes on Putin s vassal regime in Syria, halting any further use of chemical weapons in the process. Trump not only declined to lift Obama-era sanctions on Moscow, as many feared he would, but expanded them. This administration closed Russian consulates and annexes in the United States. It has targeted Putin allies like Chechen strongman Ramzan Kadyrov under the Magnitsky Act the same act that Kremlin cutout Natalia Veselnitskaya lobbied the Trump campaign to scuttle. Trump has even gone so far as to open U.S. arms sales to Ukraine, representing a significant blow to Putin s ambitions in Europe. It is without a doubt that Trump now has a stronger record on Russia than Barack Obama ever did. No wonder Susan Rice is so angry.Rice further alleged that Trump recklessly accused China of being an  avowed opponent  of the U.S. rather than just a competitor, and then insisted that China has not  illegally occupied its neighbors.  Tell that to Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam, or Taiwan, each of which lay claim to strategic territory in the South China Sea that the People s Republic seized and turned into forward air and naval bases. Rice suggested that Trump s  realists  decided to  lump  Beijing in with Moscow, not because it is a rising military and economic power, but because they wanted to  placate  American nationalists. Though this White House declined to defibrillate the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement back to life when it inherited its corpse, it has done a far more comprehensive job of working with Beijing to isolate Pyongyang than Obama did. As the North Korean nuclear crisis intensifies, China has backed fresh sanctions on North Korean financial institutions, cut off all access to Chinese iron, lead, and coal, and may even scale back petroleum deliveries to the Stalinist state by as much as 90 percent. And all in the space of one year.Rice contended that the document failed to itemize the discrete identities on whose behalf the U.S. should labor: LGBT people, people in poverty, people with AIDS, people under 30, et cetera. Rather, the document insists that all mankind, regardless of conditions or accidents of birth, are objects of U.S. interest. Rice complained that climate change is no longer viewed as a threat to national security. Good. Climate change is not itself a threat to American national security but a threat multiplier, as the weather has always been. Save for some valid concerns about the prospect of an overly restrictive immigration policy and the precariousness of U.S. free-trade obligations, Rice painted a picture not of a radical administration but one that is returning to a familiar status quo ante. In nearly all respects, it was Obama s White House, not Trump s, that adopted an ideological foreign policy and rendered the U.S. and the world less safe as a result.Even as early as March of 2017, it was clear that the Obama administration s foreign-policy professionals were quite insecure about how posterity would remember their stewardship of American interests abroad. They had every reason to be. For now, at least, the Trump administration has declined to govern as Trump campaigned; not as a populist firebrand but a conventional Republican. Susan Rice and her former White House colleagues have every reason to worry, but not for the United States. Their reputations, however, are another matter entirely.To read the entire article, click here. ",0
17485,JUST IN: PRESIDENT TRUMP BLASTS “Retiring” FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and “’Leakin’ James Comey” After JUDICIAL WATCH Uncovers A McCabe Bombshell,"After Judicial Watch exposed a serious ethics issue related to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s involvement in his Democrat wife s VA Senate campaign, President Trump just took to Twitter to expose FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, calling him:  The man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (33,000 illegally deleted emails)  Trump seemed to be stunned that McCabe could be  given $7000,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  into her emails.How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin  James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017President Trump then tweeted:FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2017Judicial Watch today released 79 pages of Justice Department documents concerning ethics issues related to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s involvement with his wife s political campaign. The documents include an email showing Mrs. McCabe was recruited for a Virginia state senate race in February 2015 by then-Virginia Lieutenant Governor Ralph Northam s office.The news that Clinton used a private email server broke five days later, on March 2, 2015. Five days after that, former Clinton Foundation board member and Democrat party fundraiser, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, met with the McCabes. She announced her candidacy on March 12. Soon afterward, Clinton/McAuliffe-aligned political groups donated nearly $700,000 (40% of the campaign s total funds) to McCabe s wife for her campaign.Judicial Watch obtained the documents through a July 24, 2017, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed after the Justice Department failed to respond to an October 24, 2016, FOIA request (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice (No. 1:17-cv-01494)). Judicial Watch seeks:All records of communication between FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and other FBI or Department of Justice officials regarding ethical issues concerning the involvement of Andrew McCabe and/or his wife, Dr. Jill McCabe, in political campaigns; All records related to ethical guidance concerning political activities provided to Deputy Director McCabe by FBI and/or DOJ officials or elements.Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton tweeted about McCabe using his FBI email account to promote his wife s campaign that was  funded with Clinton crony cash . Fitton then suggested that McCabe is  retiring  after he was also implicated in the FBI anti-Trump texts, saying:  No wonder he s  retiring ..@JudicialWatch uncovered docs suggesting FBI #2 Andrew McCabe used his FBI email account to promote his wife's campaign (funded with Clinton crony cash). He was also implicated in the FBI anti-@RealDonaldTrump texts. No wonder he's ""retiring."" https://t.co/BCEaX1mFQ8  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) December 23, 2017An October 23, 2016, email shows McCabe running the response effort to a Wall Street Journal article that was published that day, titled  Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official s Wife.  McCabe provides Michael Kortan, the assistant director of Public Affairs, his version of a timeline of events surrounding the Clinton investigation and his wife s campaign. McCabe said he contacted then-FBI Chief of Staff Chuck Roseburg about Jill McCabe s candidacy and was told that  the D [Comey] has no issue with it.  (Judicial Watch earlier this month released documents showing that McCabe finally did recuse himself from the Clinton investigation only a week before last year s presidential election.)Internally, the Wall Street Journal article started a flurry of emails among Mrs. McCabe s campaign, Kortan, Director McCabe, and the FBI s General Counsel. Part of that exchange is an email from McCabe to someone in the General Counsel s Office:  Sucks pretty much. Buckle in. It s going to get rough.  The colleague responds,  I know. It s awful. I shouldn t be shocked by now, but I really am appalled.  McCabe also forwarded the article to Comey who responded,  Copy. On October 24, 2016, a memo was sent to all Special Agents in Charge, Assistant Directors, Executive Directors and the General Counsel s Office regarding the Wall Street Journal article discussing campaign activities concerning Mrs. McCabe. Kortan suggested that questions could be referred to his office and he attached an  Overview of Deputy Director McCabe s Recusal Related To Dr. McCabe s Campaign for Political Office.  The Overview itself was previously reported by Judicial Watch.The documents also show repeated use of the official FBI email system in connection with Mrs. McCabe s political campaign. For example:On March 13, 2015, Mrs. McCabe emails to her husband s official FBI email account a draft press release announcing her run for state Senate.In August 2015, McCabe uses his official FBI email account to advise a redacted recipient to visit his wife s campaign website:  Jill has been busy as hell since she decided to run for VA state senate (long story). Check her out on Facebook as Dr. Jill McCabe for Senate. On November 2, 2015, Mrs. McCabe forwards an email to her husband   then the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI s Washington Office   that accuses her opponent of extorting local businessmen. The email was sent to her husband s official FBI account.The documents include an October 2016 letter from House Government Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to McCabe questioning a possible conflict of interest by noting that Clinton headlined a Virginia fundraiser on June 26, 2015, for Mrs. McCabe.  A significant amount was donated after the FBI had initiated its investigation and begun meeting with Secretary Clinton s attorneys in August 2015. The documents also show that FBI leadership was sensitive to reports of FBI internal dissent with then-Director Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation. On October 24, 2016, Mrs. McCabe forwarded to Director McCabe a True Pundit article titled,  FBI Director Lobbied Against Criminal Charges For Hillary After Clinton Insider Paid His Wife $700,00.  The story reported that former FBI Executive Assistant Director John Giacalone resigned in the middle of the Clinton email investigation because he saw it going  sideways  and that Jill McCabe received money from a PAC headed by McAuliffe, who was under investigation by the FBI for campaign finance law violations. McCabe forwarded the article to Comey, noting  FYI. Heavyweight source.  Comey replied to McCabe, copying Chief of Staff James Rybicki, saying,  This still reads to me like someone not involved in the investigation at all, maybe somebody who heard rumors  These new documents show that the FBI leadership was politicized and compromised in its handling of the Clinton email investigation,  said Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch President.  It well past time for a do-over on the Clinton emails that requires a new, honest criminal investigation of her misconduct. The Senate Judiciary Committee and the U.S. Special Counsel have opened investigations into whether McCabe violated the Hatch Act and failed to properly disclose payments to his wife s campaign on his ethics report. The Justice Department s Inspector General is examining McCabe for failing to recuse himself from the Clinton investigation due to his meeting with McAuliffe.",0
17486,"BREAKING: FBI ARREST STOPS Horrific San Francisco “MASS CASUALTY” Christmas Day Attack By MUSLIM, Truck Driver and Former Marine Sharpshooter","Truck attacks are becoming increasingly popular with Muslim extremists as a way to threaten large groups of people in popular areas. Meanwhile, the US Appeals Court has just ruled President Trump s travel ban violates federal law and goes beyond  the scope of his delegated authority. The ban, which targets people from six Muslim-majority countries, should not be applied to people with strong US connections, the court said.Breitbart News   The FBI announced on Friday that it arrested California tow truck driver Everitt Aaron Jameson for plotting a Christmas terror attack on Pier 39 in San Francisco.In statements to undercover informants, Jameson outlined a plan that would have involved running civilians down with his truck, deploying improvised explosives, and using his skills as a Marine sharpshooter to increase the body count. A note he evidently intended for publication after the attack swore allegiance to ISIS and cited President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a reason for his actions.FBI documents state that Jameson planned to use his tow truck for a mass-casualty attack on Pier 39 because he  had been there before and knew it was a heavily crowded area.  He reportedly said Christmas would be  the perfect day to commit the attack. I m glad to know we Muslims are finally hitting back. Allahu Akbar! The kuffar deserve everything and more [for] the lives they have taken,  he allegedly told an FBI informant after the November 2 truck jihad attack in New York City, which killed eight people. Allahu akbar! It says he was one of us. May Allah grant him Jannah firtuidus Amin,  he said of New York City truck terrorist Sayfullo Saipov, indicating that he hoped Saipov would enter paradise as a reward for attacking the infidels.Jameson also reportedly spoke approvingly of the attack on a Christmas party by a husband-and-wife jihadi team in San Bernardino in December 2015 and suggested his operation would include vehicles, explosives, and firearms. He told an undercover agent that America  needed another attack like New York or San Bernardino. Communicating with FBI assets he believed were representatives of the Islamic State, Jameson advertised himself as a military veteran and offered to put his skills at the service of the caliphate. In a meeting with undercover informants, he added that he was  well versed  in the Anarchist Cookbook, a manual for making bombs and other implements of terrorism. He also offered financial assistance to ISIS, offered to travel to Syria if needed, and said he was ready to die for  the cause.  He demonstrated fluency in spoken Arabic during a telephone call. I was a soldier in the kuffar army before I reverted,  he said.  I have been trained in combat and things of war. Inshallah, anything of that nature, as well as funding. Anything for Allah. The FBI confirmed that Jameson attended U.S. Marine Corps basic training and earned a  sharpshooter  rifle qualification. He was eventually discharged for  fraudulent enlistment,  apparently because he failed to disclose a history of asthma to the recruiters.When the undercover FBI operatives asked what he needed for the attack, Jameson outlined an ambitious plan involving M-16 and/or AK-47 rifles, timers, remote detonators, and pipe bomb materials.When a search warrant was executed at Jameson s residence in Modesto, a number of pistols, rifles, and ammunition were confiscated, along with his last will and testament and a handwritten letter he signed as  Abdallah abu Everitt ibn Gordon al-Amriki.  The letter was evidently meant to be published after he carried out his terror attack. It reads:I, Abdallah adu Everitt ibn Gordon, have committed these acts upon the Kuffar, in the name of Dar al Islam, Allahu Akbar! You all have brought this upon yourselves. There is no innocent Kuffar! Each and every Kuffar in this Nationalistic, Godless society has a hand in this. You ve allowed Donald J. Trump to give away Al Quds to the Jews. Both You and he are wrong, it belongs to the Muslemeen. We have penetrated and infiltrated your disgusting country. These Acts will continue until the Lions of Islam overtake you. Turn to Allah, make tawbah and fight with us, the soldiers who fight in the day and the night. Allah SWT is most forgiving. I am not. Long live Isil, Long Live Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Allahu akbar!Dar al Islam means the  house of Islam.  Kuffar is a derogatory term for non-Muslims. Al Quds is an Arabic name for Jerusalem. Muslemeen is another way of saying  Muslim  Tawbah means  repent.  Allah SWT is a shorthand way of saying  Allah the most glorious and exalted.  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is the  caliph  or leader of the Islamic State.According to the FBI, Jameson was a voracious consumer of Islamic State propaganda online, and wrote numerous  social media posts that are supportive of terrorism. ",0
17487,JUST IN: SUSPECTED LEAKER and “Close Confidant” of James Comey Has Been Reassigned From His Post As TOP FBI Lawyer [VIDEO],"On December 5, 2017, Circa s Sara Carter warned there would be a major shake-up at the FBI after the Inspector General s report was completed. So far, Sara Carter has been right on everything she s reported on, as it relates to the Mueller investigation. In the video below, Carter tells Sean Hannity why she believes the FBI will have a major shake-up soon there are 27 leakers that the IG is looking at! Yes, 27 leakers!Sara Carter: We re going to see parts of that report before December (end of the month). We re going to see other parts of his report coming out after January. And they re looking at Peter Strzok. They re looking at Comey. They re looking at 27 leakers. It would not surprise me if there was a shake-up at the FBI and a housecleaning.Watch:Is the FBI s former top attorney, James Baker, one of the first  leaker  casualties?  James Baker, the FBI s leading lawyer who was a confidante of fired FBI Director James Comey, has been reassigned from his post, as the agency s top personnel are under high scrutiny.Baker told colleagues he will assume different duties for the bureau, the Washington Post reported.Baker oversees the bureau s Office of General Counsel and has received such awards as the George H.W. Bush Award for Excellence in counter-terrorism in 2006.He also was the subject of a leak investigation over the summer after Attorney General Jeff Sessions ordered a crackdown on leakers.The FBI had no comment when asked why Baker was being reassigned and what he would be doing.His reassignment comes at a time of increased scrutiny and pressure on the agency, following the release of private text messages between agents working in the Hillary Clinton email probe.   Daily Mail Three sources, with knowledge of the investigation, told Circa that Baker is the top suspect in an ongoing leak investigation, but Circa has not been able to confirm the details of what national security information or material was allegedly leaked.A federal law enforcement official with knowledge of ongoing internal investigations in the bureau told Circa,  the bureau is scouring for leakers and there s been a lot of investigations. The revelation comes as the Trump administration has ramped up efforts to contain leaks both within the White House and within its own national security apparatus.Baker is a close confidant of former FBI Director James Comey, and recent media reports suggested he was reportedly advising the then-FBI director on legal matters following private meetings the former director had in February with President Trump in the Oval Office.Baker was appointed to the FBI s general counsel by Comey in 2014 and has had a long and distinguished history within the intelligence community.",0
17488,“NEVER-TRUMPER” and Weekly Standard Editor Sends Vile Tweet Mocking VP Pence…Suggests Pence Has Replaced God With President Trump,"The former Fox News contributor and editor of the Weekly Standard, Bill Kristol, took to Twitter to appease his newfound liberal friends with a disgusting tweet, mocking devout Christian and genuine conservative, Vice President Mike Pence. Ever since President Trump won the election, Kristol and his  never-Trump  friends have become unhinged with hate for the President and for anyone he surrounds himself with. Yesterday, Vice President Mike Pence made a surprise visit to the troops in war-torn Afghanistan to roll out President Trump s new  fight to win  policy.Pence addressed the troops at a Bagram Airfield hangar, telling them that before he made his trip, he asked president Trump what message he wanted to be delivered to the troops. Here is Pence s touching message to the troops from President Trump:Pence told the troops,  Before I left the White House yesterday, I asked Trump if he had a message for our troops here in Afghanistan. And he looked at me and said,  Tell them I love them.  And he did.WATCH:Before I left the @WhiteHouse yesterday, I asked @POTUS Trump if he had a message for our troops here in Afghanistan. And he looked at me and said,  Tell them I love them.  pic.twitter.com/PO4F7Z5vOx  Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) December 21, 2017 Never-Trumper  and former frequent FOX News guest Bill Kristol mocked Vice President Mike Pence over his speech to our troops. Kristol wrote:And I, a mere humble and unworthy VP, gazed back into the kindly and understanding eyes of the great and glorious POTUS, and said,  Thank you O POTUS! And thank you for letting us say once again, Merry Christmas! And I, a mere humble and unworthy VP, gazed back into the kindly and understanding eyes of the great and glorious POTUS, and said,  Thank you O POTUS! And thank you for letting us say once again, Merry Christmas!  https://t.co/RAQwmQk2Sq  Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) December 22, 2017Little sad man, Bill Kristol, who was once respected by conservative Americans, has been reduced to retweeting glowing articles about himself published by liberal rag publications like The Slate to discuss  where Republicans went awry, whether Palin abetted Trump s rise, and the costs of rationalization. NEW @IHaveToAskPod: @BillKristol talks about where Republicans went awry, whether Palin abetted Trump's rise, and the costs of rationalization. https://t.co/rEwacCUfZx  Isaac Chotiner (@IChotiner) December 21, 2017 ",0
17489,PELOSI CHUCKLES AND MOCKS President Trump when Asked About Their Relationship [Video],"What a bizarre exchange between a reporter and Democrat leader Nancy Pelosi! She is asked during a press conference what her relationship is with President Trump and she laughed. What s even stranger is she mocked the way Trump says  DACA .It s as if she detests the president so much that she can t bring herself to speak his name. Notice how she talks in disjointed sentences and stops suddenly to think. She cannot even form a complete thought! This is yet another example of the strange behavior of Pelosi that is ignored by the main stream media like an enabling spouse.Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) chuckled Thursday when asked to characterize her relationship with President Donald Trump, saying there is a  good rapport  there but mainly focusing on their stark disagreement over tax reform.After a reporter asked the question, Pelosi paused and smiled, appearing to gather her thoughts for a diplomatic response given her strong criticism of the administration. I think we have a good rapport,  Pelosi said.  I don t think we ve accomplished much together. Pelosi said she and Trump could find a  path  together on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, although she gently mocked his pronunciation of  DACA.  Read more: WFBShe went on the rant against the Republican tax bill in another disjointed word salad moment. How can anyone take her seriously when she uses terms like  armageddon  to describe the tax bill?",0
17490,BIG MOUTH ROSIE O’DONNELL Could Be Heading To Prison After Taking Her Hate For President Trump Too Far,"Many are suggesting that the former comedian, turned militant, leftist activist, Rosie O Donnell needs to be treated by federal authorities like every other American when it comes to being held accountable for her actions. O Donnell broke the law when she offered to pay two Republican lawmakers for voting against Trump s tax cut bill on Twitter. Even offering this is illegal. You are not above the law but I guess you are since the Feds haven't been knocking on your door. with all these tweets you obviously are not joking.  Androgynous Priest (@AndrogynPriest) December 21, 2017After ex-comedian Rosie O Donnell s meltdown on Twitter before the Senate s big tax vote Tuesday night, President Donald Trump can reasonably direct federal authorities to lock her up   and even to  take some money out of her fat-ass pockets,  which he once infamously cited as a personal goal.Starting a few hours before the legislation passed, O Donnell tweeted:so how about this i promise to give 2 million dollars to senator susan collins and 2 million to senator jeff flakeif they vote NO NO I WILL NOT KILL AMERICANS FOR THE SUOER RICH DM me susan DM me jeff no shit 2 million casheach  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Even after another Twitter user, Louise Mensch, replied that O Donnell was irresponsibly advocating bribery, O Donnell doubled down.i disagree it is obvious there is a price corker had one collins tooflake almost brave he crawled out backwards2 million to any GOP senator who votes noon KILLING AMERICANS MILLIONS WITH OUT HEALTH CARE MY GOD HAVE WE NO SO  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Federal law addresses O Donnell s actions.18 U.S. Code   201 criminalizes the attempted bribery of federal officials by whoever  directly or indirectly, corruptly gives, offers or promises anything of value to any public official   with intent to influence any official act. The penalty? For Rosie, she could spend up to 15 years in jail, suffer a lifetime ban from elective office and pay up to a cool $12 million:The statute calls for a fine of  not more than three times the monetary equivalent of the thing of value, whichever is greater, or imprisoned for not more than fifteen years, or both, and may be disqualified from holding any office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States. In court, O Donnell would probably argue that her attempted bribe was in jest, or perhaps a syndrome of a mental illness.After all, her attorneys would argue, who, while seriously attempting to bribe members of the U.S. Congress would do so in such a reckless, public manner that would all but ensure a conviction?   Daily CallerThe emboldened screwball doubled down on her vile tweets calling for people to rise up against our government and  mobilize , to call 911 and again, offered to pay US Senators millions of dollars to vote against tax cuts for working, American families.WE CANNOT SIT AT HOME WHILE THEY ROB OUR NATION   YOUR NEIGHBORS HEALTH CARE   FOR THE FUCKING MERCERS AND KOCH BROTHERS   FUCK THEM   RISE UP  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017She even asked her followers to call 911 to report a  fake  crime. There has to be a law against this:call 911   crime in progressUS SENATEthis is too much  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017What does Rosie mean when she calls on people to  mobilize  against our government? Isn t that the same thing as calling for a coup? Isn t that also considered to be illegal?WHY HAVENT THE MOBILIZE PEOPLE   MOBILIZED https://t.co/wEucdcLqoH  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017And then, she doubled down on stupid with this tweet:heres the thing al   i am not looking to give more money to a corrupt system   however   this bill is criminal   i therefore offer 2 million for any GOP senator that votes no   to them personally   or directed to A NON PROFIT OF THEIR CHOICE no strings attached DO WHATS RIGHT  ROSIE (@Rosie) December 20, 2017Here s how a few Twitter users responded:What you just tweeted is criminal check yourself on that !  LaDeplorable  (@NenaPacino) December 20, 2017Send that 2 million and any benefit you receive from the tax cuts back to the government. Better yet, why not go out in the streets of L.A. and find 40 homeless people and give each 50 grand for job training for a career that will change their life 4ever.  D.B. (@boingboingbong) December 20, 2017 ",0
17491,JUST IN: FORMER NBC NEWS ANCHOR Tom Brokaw Tells Morning Joe Hacks “We’re At War” With Trump…and “Fox News Is On A Jihad” [VIDEO],"This morning, President Trump tweeted a note of congratulations to Fox and Friends, after they were named,  The Most Influential Show In News . In his tweet, President Trump told Fox and Friends,  You deserve it    three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success! Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it   three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 21, 2017Trump s tweet was enough to put the maniacal Trump hater Mika Brzezinski over the edge. She mockingly read the tweet to the MSNBC show s panel, then turned to Tom Brokaw to ask for his reaction to President Trump s tweet.  Brokaw smugly told Brzezinski that President Donald Trump watches Fox News because it  reinforces what he believes . Brokaw then went on to exclude leftist crybaby Shepard Smith from his disgusting and inflammatory assertion that Fox News is on a jihad. Fox News, after Shepard Smith, in the late afternoon, is on a jihad right now on the whole question about whether there is a fairness about this or not,  Brokaw told Brzezinski.  The whole assault is on the institutions. Brokaw then went on to criticize Newt Gingrich for daring to call out the corrupt and biased behavior of the FBI, that s recently been uncovered as a result of the Trump-Russian collusion witch hunt. Brokaw told the panel,  Newt Gingrich looking in the camera and saying the FBI is a corrupt organization, right? Three months earlier he had said Bob Mueller is one of the great, distinguished public servants we have. Newt Gingrich looking into the camera and saying the FBI is a corrupt organization   three months earlier he d said Bob Mueller is one of the great, distinguished public servants we have. So, we re at war here,  Brokaw told the like-minded leftist hack panel at MSNBC.Watch (audio is missing for the first second of the video):",0
17492,OOPS! Emails Prove Woman Who Accused Trump Of Sexual Assault In The 1990’s Is A Phony…Tried to Get A Job On Trump’s Campaign That Would Require Her To Be Close To Him,"Just a few months before reports of her sexual assault lawsuit against Donald Trump rocked the campaign, cosmetics executive Jill Harth lobbied to be the then-candidate s make-up artist.On Monday, The Hill detailed the story of Harth s repeated efforts to become Trump s campaign makeup artist and to pitch her new male cosmetics product line,  Made Man.  Her solicitations, in both emails and in person, came a few months before her 1997 lawsuit was brought to light, along with several other sexual misconduct allegations against the candidate. The Hill learned of her appeals to Trump in an interview with Harth in December about her friendship with celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom; Trump s lawyers then provided the emails. The Hill followed up with Harth, who defended both her attempts to work with the man she accused of sexual assault and her current call for him to be impeached.In 1997, Harth sued Trump for allegedly pushing her up against a wall and trying to get his hands up her dress during a meeting at Mar-a-Lago in 1993. She eventually withdrew the lawsuit as part of a settlement over Trump allegedly pulling out of a business deal. But as The Hill notes, the tone of her emails to Trump in 2015 was  starkly different  than the tone of her 1997 lawsuit and the interviews she gave about it in 2016.The Hill provides some examples of the emails Harth personally sent to Trump between the summer of 2015 and early 2016: Hi Donald, you are doing a tremendous job of shaking things up in the United States. I am definitely on Team Trump as so many others are,  Jill Harth wrote the future president in an Oct. 1, 2015, email sent to him through his New York company s headquarters. I can t watch television without seeing you or hearing your name everywhere! It s a good thing for sure but PLEASE let me do your makeup for a television interview, a debate, a photo session, anything!  Harth wrote. It kills me to see you looking too orange and with white circles under the eyes. I will get your skin looking smoother and even toned,  she added, boasting she would  sculpt your face  to look good on high-definition television sets.The Hill also notes that Harth is one of the accusers who financially benefited from her work with Bloom on the allegations: the attorney set up a GoFundMe page for Harth that paid off her mortgage and an email revealed that Harth s sales soared after Bloom appeared on TV to discuss her allegations.  Daily WireBIG PAYDAYS FOR TRUMP ACCUSERS:According to FOX News, Legal powerhouse Lisa Bloom tried to line up big paydays for women who were willing to accuse President Trump of sexual misconduct during the final months of last year s election, according to an explosive report.Proud to call Attorney @LisaBloom my friend. She is very warm, smart, caring, & REAL. Watch her interview on  The View . You ll see what I mean. She even mentions me. pic.twitter.com/rAW9CvxGYn  Jill Harth (@jillharth) November 11, 2017The Hill reported Friday that Bloom worked with campaign donors and tabloid media outlets to arrange compensation for the alleged victims and a commission for herself, offering to sell their stories. In one case, Bloom reportedly arranged for a donor to pay off one Trump accuser s mortgage and attempted to score a six-figure payment for another woman. The former ultimately declined to come forward after being offered $750,000, the clients told The Hill. ",0
17493,BREAKING: Federal Judge Declares MISTRIAL In Bundy Case After Prosecutors Willfully Withheld Evidence Of FBI Snipers and Surveillance Used During Standoff,"Who could forget the unbelievable standoff in Oregon between patriots and the government? Who could forget the dramatic shooting of patriot Lavoy Finicum who traveled from Arizona to Oregon from to stand with American ranchers against the BLM, an overbearing government agency? Oregon State Police troopers fired the three rounds that killed the Arizona rancher and father of 11 during a confrontation on a remote road, law enforcement officials said at a news conference in Bend. Go HERE to see the actual video showing patriot Lavoy Finicum being shot to death by authorities.Here s a great video showing the historic standoff between patriots and the overreaching BLM government agency:Recently FOX News  Bret Bair did a special report, where he asked,  whatever happened to the Bundy s? On October 27, 2016, Ammon and Ryan Bundy were been found not guilty of conspiracy. Their five co-defendants Jeff Banta, Shawna Cox, David Fry, Kenneth Medenbach and Neil Wampler have all been found not guilty as well. Jurors were unable to reach a verdict on Ryan Bundy s theft of government property charge.The jury returned its verdict after some six weeks of testimony followed by less than six hours deliberations, and the last minute replacement of a juror after an allegation surfaced that he was biased.The jury was instructed to disregard their previous work and to reconsider the evidence. It was a pretty jaw-dropping verdict,  said OPB reporter Amelia Templeton of the climate in the courtroom. The jury began by reading out the verdict for Ammon Bundy, ostensibly the leader of the occupation, and when we heard that Ammon Bundy was not guilty, it became clear very quickly that likely no one in the case was going to be found guilty, and indeed, everyone has been acquitted. After the verdict was read, Ammon Bundy s attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled to the ground by five U.S. Marshals. He insisted his client was free to go. Ammon Bundy faces a US Marshall hold and is supposed to be transferred to Nevada where he faces charges for the Bunkerville standoff.Here is Ammon Bundy explaining why they are protesting:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.11';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Standing for the rights of men & womenBREAKING! SHARE! Standing for the rights of Men & Women. Calling all freedom loving people to come to Harney County Oregon, come to the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge. The people are finally getting some good use out of a federal facility.Posted by Bundy Ranch on Saturday, January 2, 2016Judge Gloria Navarro dismissed jurors Wednesday, several weeks after the trial began against Bundy, his sons Ammon and Ryan Bundy, and militia member Ryan Payne, who were accused of leading an armed standoff with federal land agents in 2014.Navarro cited five key pieces of information that prosecutors did not disclose: records about surveillance and snipers at the Bundy Ranch; unredacted FBI logs about activity at the ranch in the days around the standoff; threat assessments about the Bundys dating to 2012; and internal affairs reports about the BLM.Withheld evidence at issueNavarro methodically laid out her reasoning for about an hour, citing legal standards and case law, before delivering her ruling.She said the evidence that was withheld could have been favorable to the accused and could have affected the outcome of the case.Navarro stopped short of dismissing charges against the four men. It is unclear whether the case will be retried because Navarro did not rule whether the mistrial was with or without prejudice.She has set another hearing for January and has tentatively scheduled a new trial to begin Feb. 26.Navarro suspended the trial two weeks ago and warned of a potential mistrial after prosecutors for the first time disclosed several documents that appeared to support defense claims about the government s use of video surveillance and sniper teams during the standoff.Prosecutors have long maintained the FBI was not involved in the standoff and that no video surveillance or sniper teams were used. They charged defendants with making false claims about snipers and videos to incite militia in the runup to the standoff.Lawyers raise self-defenseDocuments turned over by the prosecution after the start of the trial indicated the FBI played an active role in the standoff and that surveillance camera and armed tactical teams were positioned around the Bundy Ranch.Defense lawyers filed motions to dismiss the case, arguing the new documents provided critical evidence that would have allowed them to challenge the government s charges, impeach government witnesses and lay the foundation for self-defense claims.The Bundys launched a social-media rallying cry. Hundreds of supporters, including members of several militia groups, converged on the Bundy Ranch. Federal agents abandoned the roundup, saying they were outgunned and in fear for their lives.Last year, the government charged 19 people with conspiracy, assault, extortion and weapons violations for their roles in the standoff. Two men took plea deals. Trials for the remaining 17 defendants were broken into three tiers based on their alleged levels of culpability.Bundy has maintained there was no conspiracy and that supporters were staging a peaceful protest and exercising their constitutional rights to bear arms.For many Americans, images of the four-day standoff in a dusty wash below Interstate 15 about 70 miles northeast of Las Vegas were shocking. Hundreds of protesters, ranchers and militia members took armed positions around federal law-enforcement officers, some lying prone on freeway overpasses and sighting down long rifles.But making a solid case against Bundy and his supporters has so far eluded prosecutors. Two federal juries in Las Vegas have rejected conspiracy claims against six defendants in earlier trials.   AZ Central Here is a video showing Cliven Bundy asking the local Sheriff, on behalf of  We The People  to disarm the Park Service: ",0
17494,WISCONSIN PRIEST COMES OUT AS “GAY” During Sunday Mass…Gets Standing Ovation…Wait…What?,"In 1992, the Vatican under Pope John Paul II published the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which stated, among many other things, that  homosexual tendencies  are  objectively disordered.  One of the principal theologians who shaped the document was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, who would succeed John Paul II as Pope Benedict XVI. He too would take a hard-line stance against homosexuality.Two decades later, Pope Francis has signaled what many believe to be a softening on the matter.In 2013, when asked about gay priests, he famously replied,  Who am I to judge?  He has continued to call for the Catholic Church to treat LGBT people with dignity and respect, and to fight discrimination against sexual minorities.  RNSFrom the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel   The Rev. Gregory Greiten told his congregation Sunday,  I am Greg. I am a Roman Catholic priest. And, yes, I am gay! The priest in the Milwaukee Archdiocese serves as the pastor of St. Bernadette Parish. On Monday, he came out to the rest of the world with a column in the National Catholic Reporter. He received a standing ovation from his parishioners when he made his announcement before the column s publication.Greiten said he was breaking the silence of gay men in the clergy so he could reclaim his own voice.While it is established that there are gay men who serve as priests, it is rare for a priest to come out to his congregation in this way. Greiten shares an estimate in his article that there are between 8,554 and 21,571 gay Catholic priests in the United States from  The Changing Face of the Priesthood.  Church theology teaches that acting upon homosexuality is a sin.In announcing his identity as a gay man, Greiten chastised the Catholic Church for its stance on homosexuality.He wrote: By choosing to enforce silence, the institutional church pretends that gay priests and religious do not really exist. Because of this, there are no authentic role models of healthy, well-balanced, gay, celibate priests to be an example for those, young and old, who are struggling to come to terms with their sexual orientation. This only perpetuates the toxic shaming and systemic secrecy. NYP-Greiten wrote that has decided to stand with the  few courageous priests who have taken the risk to come out of the shadows and have chosen to live in truth and authenticity. The church s silent stance on gay priests perpetuates toxic shaming and systematic secrecy, Greiten wrote. The church needs healthy role models for priests who are struggling to come to terms with their sexual orientation, he said.Greiten met with Milwaukee Archbishop Jerome Listecki before coming out, according to an archdiocese spokeswoman. We support Father Greiten in his own personal journey and telling his story of coming to understand and live with his sexual orientation,  Listecki said in a statement Monday.  As the Church teaches, those with same-sex attraction must be treated with understanding and compassion. ",0
17495,LEBRON JAMES Brags About Being “Well-Spoken”…Proceeds To Use Vocabulary Of A 4-Yr-Old To Trash President Trump,"Is anyone else sick and tired of overpaid athletes who can t even formulate a proper sentence, criticizing President Donald J. Trump, one of the most successful businessmen of our time?After taking a stand for harmony and togetherness by wearing black sneaker and white sneakers with the word  Equality  written on them, to a game in Washington, DC, on Sunday night, NBA star LeBron James took a decidedly less conciliatory tone, in his post-game comments about President Trump.James said,  Obviously I ve been very outspoken and well-spoken about the situation that s going on at the helm here, and we re not going to let one person dictate us, us as Americans, how beautiful and how powerful we are as a people. It certainly was nice of James to add that he s been  well-spoken,  in addition to being outspoken.The three-time NBA champ and future Hall of Famer continued,  No matter the skin color, no matter the race, no matter who you are, I think we all have to understand that having equal rights and being able to stand for something and speak for something and keeping the conversation going. James did not elaborate on what rights he felt were in danger, nor did he explain exactly what  the conversation  was, or where it was going.However, James did speak from a place of unrivaled authority on the subject of being outspoken. In many ways, James has been the anti-Jordan, whereas MJ avoided political entanglements whenever possible, at least since 2012, James has embraced them whenever and wherever possible.James appeared in a photo with his teammates wearing hoodies in honor of Trayvon Martin, a black teenager shot to death by George Zimmerman in 2012. James wore an  I Can t Breathe  t-shirt to warm-ups at Madison Square Garden to show support for Eric Garner, a New York man who died after an altercation with police in 2014.The 13-time All-Star has also held nothing back when it comes to President Trump. In September, James called President Trump  a bum,  after the president rescinded a White House invite to Golden State guard Steph Curry. ",0
17496,WE GUESS SHE SHOWED ‘EM! Lefty Woman Rips Off Her Top in House Gallery During Protest To Stop Tax Vote [Video],"We can t imagine congressmen thinking  we d better not pass this bill. Some woman might take her top off. House protesters gone wild: woman takes her top off in the gallery of the House protesting tax vote.  Anna Palmer (@apalmerdc) December 19, 2017Reporter Jonathan Allen chimed in that she still had her bra on LOL!Woman protesting tax cut bill takes her top off (still wearing bra)  Jonathan Allen (@jonallendc) December 19, 2017This reminds us of the topless women who showed up at Trump s polling place on the morning of the election:Does this tactic ever work? We think not!Fox News reports:The House on Tuesday approved a massive tax overhaul that would usher in steep rate cuts for American companies, double the deduction millions of families claim on their annual returns and make a host of other changes as part of the biggest rewrite of the tax code since the Reagan administration.The bill passed on a 227-203 vote.Here's the moment Speaker Paul Ryan banged a gavel to signify that the House approved the tax reform bill https://t.co/E82gFFdTvV pic.twitter.com/SMxAuwJDfz  CNN (@CNN) December 19, 2017The $1.5 trillion bill, presuming it clears the Senate as expected, would hand President Trump his first major legislative victory just days before year s end and the congressional recess.WATCH: House passes GOP tax bill by 227-203 vote. Senate expected to vote this evening. pic.twitter.com/ymdgA664WW  NBC News (@NBCNews) December 19, 2017A woman shouts  you re lying  then Republicans shout  throw her ass out WATCH: House passes GOP tax bill by 227-203 vote. Senate expected to vote this evening. pic.twitter.com/ymdgA664WW  NBC News (@NBCNews) December 19, 2017",0
17497,WHOA! PAUL RYAN Channels Trump…Blasts POLITICO During Press Conference Over #FakeNews Story About His Retirement [VIDEO],"House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.) on Tuesday pushed back against a report from last week that speculated he would not seek reelection in 2018.Ryan spoke at the weekly House Republican leadership press conference and took questions on an array of issues ranging from the House tax bill to speculation that he will not seek reelection in 2018.The speaker was asked about a Politico report that speculated he wouldn t run for reelection, prompting Ryan to push back in a visibly irritated manner. Oh, look. I m not going anywhere anytime soon and let s leave that thing at that,  Ryan said.  I actually think that piece was very irresponsible. It was a speculative piece and it was faulty speculation, and I want to put it to rest. Watch:Last week, Politico reported they interviewed approximately three dozen people, including fellow lawmakers, congressional and administration aides, conservative intellectuals and Republican lobbyists, about Ryan s future in Congress and whether he would seek reelection. None of the people said they believed Ryan would stay in Congress past 2018, according to the report.The House Republican Conference held a closed-door meeting prior to the press conference where Ryan reportedly first clarified he wasn t going anywhere.Politico reporter Rachael Bade, who co-wrote the initial report, tweeted that Ryan  told conference he s not going anywhere and got a standing ovation. .@SpeakerRyan told conference he s not going anywhere and got a standing ovation.  Rachael Bade (@rachaelmbade) December 19, 2017 WFB ",0
17498,THE LEFT Freaks Out at Trump’s Water Drinking Skills…”A sure sign of dementia” [Video],"The media has become unhinged again at the sight of President Trump drinking water. They re even saying his technique proves he s suffering from dementia. Nope, they can t focus on what a great speech he delivered about our national security. They only want to point out that he drank his water with two hands .Oh Lordy!The Cut reports: President Trump delivered a speech in which he outlined a new  America First  national security strategy   a daunting task which clearly left him parched, because a few minutes in, the president paused to lift a small glass to his mouth with both hands, and sip from it like a tiny, woodland creature lapping from a stream:just an extremely normal way to drink out of a small glass of water pic.twitter.com/GmBbpubBkj  Matt Binder (@MattBinder) December 18, 2017Despite having mocked Senator Marco Rubio for the water break he took during his 2013 response to the State of the Union, this is not the first time Trump has become overwhelmed by thirst during a speech. In November, while discussing the U.S. trade deficit, he paused to take an extremely natural swig of Fiji water:pic.twitter.com/0L44F0EFB5  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) November 15, 2017JUST A SAMPLING OF THE RIDICULOUS TWEETS FROM THE LEFT:",0
17499,SARAH PALIN’S SON BREAKS Into Family Home…Savagely Beats Dad…Leaves Him Covered In Blood,"The eldest son of ex-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin beat the daylights out of his own father after he broke into his parents home in a drunken rage, according to documents released by local police.Track Palin, 28, was busted Saturday and charged with first-degree burglary, fourth-degree assault and criminal mischief, and remains in custody.A court document said that the younger Palin wanted to visit the home to retrieve a truck.But his father, Todd Palin, told him to stay away because Track Palin was drunk and on pain medication, according to a police affidavit and charging documents obtained by the Los Angeles Times. Track told him he was [going to] come anyway to beat his ass,  according to an affidavit filed by Wasilla Police Officer Adam LaPointe.Todd Palin answered the door armed with a pistol when his son arrived, but Track broke a window to get into the house and then started savagely beating him, cops said.The younger Palin threw his dad to the ground and hit him repeatedly on the head, leaving him covered in blood and with a liquid oozing from his ear, the documents said.Sarah Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee, called police at 8:30 p.m. and said her son was  freaking out and was on some type of medication. When cops arrived, they saw the parents fleeing the house in separate vehicles, Todd Palin with blood running down his face and Sarah Palin looking  visibly upset,  the paper reported.Police confronted Track Palin, who called them  peasants,  and told them to lay down their weapons, according to the documents. Eventually, Palin left the house and was handcuffed.He told cops that had told his father to shoot him several times, according to the documents.  NYP",0
17500,WATCH SWAMP MONSTER James Clapper Make False Claim That Trump is an “Intelligence Asset” for Putin [Video],"Watch some fake news from a swamp creature who should be in jail:Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper referred to President Donald Trump on Monday as an intelligence  asset  for Russian President Vladimir Putin. The term  asset  refers to people with countries or organizations being spied upon who serve as resources for outside spies.Clapper appeared on CNN to discuss Trump s national security strategy speech given Monday, where he referred to Russia as a rival but also said he wanted to form a partnership.The two leaders have also expressed recent gratitude to each other, with Putin calling and thanking Trump for sharing intelligence that helped foil a terror plot and Trump thanking Putin for his recent praise of the American economy.IS THIS GUY KIDDING:This is on the same day that we learn the following about the Obama administration:The Obama administration intentionally derailed investigations into the terrorist group Hezbollah s drug trafficking operation to secure the Iran nuclear deal, according to a new bombshell report.Politico spoke with several members of Project Cassandra, a joint effort between the Drug Enforcement Agency and the Pentagon that was founded in 2008 under the Bush administration to identify and prosecute a drug trafficking, money laundering, and smuggling operation run by the Iranian-backed militants.Over the next eight years, agents working out of a top-secret DEA facility in Chantilly, Virginia, used wiretaps, undercover operations, and informants to map Hezbollah s illicit networks, with the help of 30 U.S. and foreign security agencies.They followed cocaine shipments, some from Latin America to West Africa and on to Europe and the Middle East, and others through Venezuela and Mexico to the United States. They tracked the river of dirty cash as it was laundered by, among other tactics, buying American used cars and shipping them to Africa. And with the help of some key cooperating witnesses, the agents traced the conspiracy, they believed, to the innermost circle of Hezbollah and its state sponsors in Iran.Read more: WFB",0
17501,YOU’LL NEVER GUESS Who The New York Times Is Blaming For North Korea’s Decades-Long Famine,"After North Korea s most recent missile launch, the North Korean dictator, Kim Jong Un claimed he had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.  US Defense Secretary James Mattis claimed that North Korea now has the ability to hit  everywhere in the world. Meanwhile, the New York Times is blaming the Trump administration for starving the North Koreans, after placing stricter sanctions on the rogue nation.The left-leaning New York Times bizarrely claimed this week that the decades-long famine plaguing North Korea is not the fault of its brutal communist regime, but most likely due to American interference and foreign policy, saying the  hunger is devastating. And it s our fault. The article, published over the weekend, lays the blame of millions of starved and tortured North Koreans at the feet of the American administration, saying the US and its allies have  crippled  Kim Jong Un s ability to feed his own people. Led by the United States, the international community is crippling North Korea s economy,  writes the author.  In August and September, the United Nations Security Council passed resolutions banning exports of coal, iron, lead, seafood and textiles and limiting the import of crude oil and refined petroleum products. The United States, Japan and South Korea have each imposed bilateral sanctions on Pyongyang to further isolate the country. We are trying to inflict pain on the North Korean regime to stop the development of nuclear weapons and missiles. That s understandable. But in the process, we are also punishing the most vulnerable citizens and shackling the ability of humanitarian agencies to deliver aid to them,  the author adds.North Korea s massive food shortages date back to the 1990s when dictator Kim Jong Il s regime was incapable of handling droughts and other natural disasters that cut dwindling food supplies by over 30%.   Hannity.com ",0
17502,JUST IN: OBAMA REGIME Demanded Homeland Security Officials Stop Using “Sharia” and “Jihadist” Language…Look Who Just Changed That Language [VIDEO],"President Trump addressed the America people today, as he outlined a new and bold national security strategy. The American people are generous. You are determined, you are brave, you are strong, and you are wise. When the American people speak, all of us should listen. And just over one year ago, you spoke loud and you spoke clear. And On November 8th, 2016, you voted to Make America Great Again. You embraced new leadership, and very new strategies, and also a glorious new hope, that is why we are here today. But to seize the opportunities of the future, we must first understand the failures of the past. America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Legal Insurrection reports- The White House has unveiled President Donald Trump s national security strategy. It has four main points: Protect America, promote our prosperity, preserve peace through strength, and advance our influence.But one of the biggest points is the return of using  jihadist  and  Sharia,  language President Barack Obama s administration tried to avoid.From Fox News: The primary transnational threats Americans face are from jihadist terrorists and transnational criminal organizations,  the document states, according to excerpts released ahead of the speech.A search of the document shows the word jihadist appears 24 times in the 68 page document. Obama s 2015 national security strategy mentioned Islam twice.The document mentions that America  will pursue threats to their source, so that jihadist terrorists are stopped before they ever reach our borders. Trump listed the ways to do this: disrupt terror plots, take direct actions, eliminate terrorist safe havens, sever sources of strength, share responsibility, and combat radicalization & recruitment in communities.David Reaboi at Security Studies Group noted another massive change:Here is my favorite part of the National Security Strategy and it s MASSIVE Admin acknowledges Sharia is goal and driving force behind Islamist terror groups. Obama effectively banned use of any of this terminology. pic.twitter.com/2HVHhnVqjX  David Reaboi (@davereaboi) December 18, 2017He is correct. Back in January 2016, Homeland Security released a report that called for officials to stop using jihad and sharia. The Washington Free Beacon reported at the time:Under the section on terminology, the report calls for rejecting use of an  us versus them  mentality by shunning Islamic language in  Countering Violent Extremism  programs, or CVE, the Obama administration s euphemism that seeks to avoid references to Islam.Under a section on recommended actions on terminology, the report says DHS should  reject religiously-charged terminology and problematic positioning by using plain meaning American English. Government agencies should employ  American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma,  states the June 2016 report by the Council s countering violent extremism subcommittee. The DHS report stated that to avoid a confrontational  us versus them  stance in public efforts to counter Islamic radicalization, government programs should use the term  American Muslim  instead of  Muslim American. The Obama administration insisted on this even though ISIS made it NO secret that they wanted the world to live under Sharia law. The terrorist group even formed an all female brigade to help enforce Sharia law through brutal and violent means. ",0
17503,Over Half Of The 23 NFL Players Still Kneeling During The National Anthem Are From One Team,"Are you one bit surprised by the fact that the one team still doing the most kneeling during the national anthem is the Seattle Seahawks? Seattle happens to be home to many, many social justice warriors so this protest is perfect for the city of Seattle.Daily Caller reports: The national anthem protest has mostly subsided 15 weeks into the NFL season, and the players on just one team outnumber those around the rest of the league who are continuing to kneel.Twelve players on the Seattle Seahawks knelt for the national anthem ahead of their game against the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday. Only 11 other players among the other 31 teams in the NFL are also continuing to protest, according to a breakdown by CNS News.The only other team with multiple players kneeling on Sunday was Colin Kaepernick s former team, the San Francisco 49ers. The Oakland Raiders, Tennessee Titans, Los Angeles Rams, New York Giants, Miami Dolphins, Los Angeles Chargers and Kansas City Chiefs each had one player kneel.Kaepernick began the national anthem protest at the start of the 2016-17 season when he was still quarterback of the 49ers. The former player turned activist opted out of his contract during the off-season and has not been picked up by another team since.He s a hero to the left and to the perpetual victims out there ",0
17504,JUST IN: Obama Regime Helped Terror Group #Hezbollah Traffic Drugs In U.S “So The Iran Nuke Deal Would Go Ahead”…Proceeds Were Allegedly Used To Design New IED’s That Killed US Troops In Iraq,"This could be one of the largest scandals of our time.  Meanwhile, back in Washington it s all about Trump and Russia, Russia, Russia.The Obama administration has been accused of sabotaging an operation to stop Hezbollah smuggling drugs into the US so that the nuclear deal with Iran could proceed.In a stunning expos  by Politico, the former US President s officials are said to have opened the door for trafficking and money laundering operations by the terror group founded by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.The nuclear deal agreed to scrap crippling economic sanctions on Iran in return for a promise from to Tehran to stop nuclear development. By putting themselves between the DEA and Hezbollah, the Obama administration helped the militant group grow into a global security threat that is suspected of designing IEDs used to kill American troops, the report said. Donald Trump s White House slapped at his predecessor Sunday night, with press secretary Sarah Sanders tweeting that the story shows a contrast of  President Trump s success against ISIS vs. President Obama s appeasement of terrorists. And a Republican House leadership aide told DailyMail.com on Monday that the Obama White House  was the worst of the worst when it came to fighting terrorism in the ways that mattered most. The Drug Enforcement Administration led a complex venture called Project Cassandra to tackle the criminality of the Lebanese militant group from 2008 on.But it is claimed Obama s people threw down a number of roadblocks, effectively paving the way for Hezbollah s illegal activities including cocaine smuggling into the US which agents believe raked in $1 billion for the terror group. DEA agents claim the Obama administration stopped them arresting key figures linked to Hezbollah as an agreement on the Iran nuclear deal approached   and scrapped Project Cassandra entirely once the terms were agreed in 2015. Hezbollah s $1 billion-a-year international criminal operation. International drug smuggling operation founded by the mastermind of the bombing of Beirut bombing that killed 241 US Marines in 1983.The organization is now expected to be working with the Zetas cartel to smuggle tonnes of cocaine into the United States One of the world s top cocaine traffickers called  The Ghost  is a Hezbollah operative.Same man accused of selling chemical weapons to Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad.Hezbollah launders its drugs profits by allegedly shipping used cars from America to Africa and selling them.Money laundering also takes place through South America, the Middle East, and the US.Lebanese arms dealer Ali Fayad is a suspected top Hezbollah operative, according to Politico, and is believed to report to Vladimir Putin.Fayad is accused of plotting the murder of American government workers.Venezuela s vice president Tareck El Aissami is believed to be deeply involved in cocaine trafficking and is an ally of Hezbollah.Hezbollah is believed to be providing weapons and training to anti-American Shiite militias.An alleged Hezbollah drugs kingpin is based in Colombia and is accused of working with the Zetas cartel to smuggle cocaine into the US.Proceeds from the operations were allegedly used to design new IEDs that killed US troops in IraqThe nuclear deal agreed to scrap crippling economic sanctions on Iran in return for a promise from to Tehran to stop nuclear development.By putting themselves between the DEA and Hezbollah, the Obama administration helped the militant group grow into a global security threat that is suspected of designing IEDs used to kill American troops, the report said.David Asher, who helped establish Project Cassandra, told Politico:  This was a policy decision, it was a systematic decision.  They serially ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down. He added that the closer Obama came to finalizing the Iran nuclear deal, the more difficult the DEA s job became.The weapons agreement was announced in January 2016, which coincided with Project Cassandra officials being moved on to other assignments.  Daily Mail ",0
17505,"HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? LATINO IMMIGRANT, ANTI-TRUMP Activist Group With Ties To George Soros and ACORN Awarded More Than $25 MILLION In Taxpayer Funds","The fact that it has taken so long to uncover massive taxpayer funds being used to directly target our President and one of two major political parties in America should frighten ever taxpaying American.WFB   A liberal activist group that has been involved in direct action campaigns against President Donald Trump and Republicans was recently awarded $400,000 more in taxpayer-backed government grants, records show.Make the Road New York (MRNY), a New York City-based Latino immigrant group with nearly 20,000 dues-paying members, is closely linked to an $80 million dollar anti-Trump network and an approved funding group of the Democracy Alliance, a secretive liberal donor network.MRNY has already hauled in millions of dollars in government grants. Between 2002 and 2014, the group was the recipient of more than $20 million in grants, the Washington Free Beacon previously reported. The amount that they received in 2015 and 2016 are not fully known, given the group s most recently available tax form is from 2014.According to USASpending, a site that tracks federal government grants, MRNY was given $725,000 in grants in 2015 and more than $4.4 million in 2016. However, figures on the site show only a fraction of the total amount in government grants the group has received in previous years as marked on their tax forms.On August 10, MRNY was awarded another grant totaling $420,000 from the Department of Education, records show.MRNY was behind the widely covered protests at the JFK airport following Trump s initial travel ban. The protests, which were billed as spontaneous at the time, were later found to be in the works since one day after the presidential election.The group was involved in the #DeleteUber campaign after Uber allowed drivers to pick up passengers from the airport during the protests. Travis Kalanick, Uber s founder, stepped down from Trump s advisory council following the activist campaign.MRNY was also a part of the #GrabYourWallet campaign, which targeted retailers that sold Trump family products. Nordstrom dropped Ivanka Trump products following the campaign, but cited declining sales as the reason why it had made the decision.MRNY has  partnered  with the Center for Popular Democracy, a New York-based liberal nonprofit that contains old chapters of the controversial and now-defunct Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), on a  Corporate Backers of Hate  campaign that targeted companies the group s claimed could profit from Trump s policies.The Center for Popular Democracy refers to MRNY as its  sister  organization in the biography of Ana Maria Archila, one of its co-executive directors, on its website. The two groups have swapped a number of individuals throughout recent years. Archila was the co-executive director of MRNY prior to her current position.Andrew Friedman, the other co-executive director of the Center for Popular Democracy, founded MRNY in 1997 and spent years building up the organization before moving to the Center for Popular Democracy. Friedman also sits on the board of directors of MRNY.Javier Valdes, the co-executive director of MRNY, sits on the board of directors of the Center for Popular Democracy.The groups have additionally transferred hundreds of thousands of dollars to each other. In 2013, MRNY passed $122,112 to the Center for Popular Democracy. In 2014, MRNY gave the group $25,000, according to tax forms.The Center for Popular Democracy sent $253,900 to MRNY in 2013 with another $100,000 going to its action fund. The Center for Popular Democracy then sent $286,042 to MRNY in 2015.The Center for Popular Democracy s action fund is also spearheading a massive $80 million dollar anti-Trump network that will span across 32 states with 48 local partners.Members of the Democracy Alliance, a secretive network of deep-pocketed liberal donors that was co-founded by billionaire George Soros, are recommended to donate to the Center for Popular Democracy, which receives generous funding from Soros. ",0
17506,"ATLANTA: PANDEMONIUM As World’s Largest Airport Goes DARK…Airport Evacuated…1,161 Flights Canceled [VIDEO]","There has to something more to this story than what we re being told. If there isn t more to this story, then Atlanta Airport officials and Georgia Power are going to have some explaining to do A complete power outage at the nation s busiest airport, the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, grounded flights Sunday afternoon, threatening to cause a holiday travel nightmare for fliers across the country just over a week before Christmas.Thousands of passengers were stranded and flights were grounded or delayed as a power outage crippled Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport   the world's busiest airport pic.twitter.com/WpWQLGu5GD  EAGLE WINGS (@NIVIsa4031) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said that repairs are  well underway  at the airport and power is expected to be restored around midnight on Sunday, and the airport tweeted that  Power on Concourse F is back ON! Washington Examiner s Byron York tweeted only two hours ago, that  no one seems to know why  the power outage happened.The Atlanta airport story is huge. By far the nation's largest airport, it just goes dark, operations shut down. Thousands stranded, in very difficult situations. And nobody seems to know why.  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 17, 2017 We are working with great urgency w/ @Georgia Power to restore power through rest of airport,  the tweet read.According to FlightAware.com, 1,161 flights have been canceled at Hartsfield-Jackson as of 8:20 p.m. ET.Delta passengers were not happy with how things were being handled, especially the passengers who were stuck on the tarmac for several hours, unable to disembark from the planes:Oh. My. God. Just left ATL airport last night at midnight after 15 hours of travel. If I had been stuck against my will in my plane on tarmac..Gives me anxiety just thinking about it. That s A LOT of ppl in tight space.  SidNey (@OhGoSquid) December 18, 2017Fox News reported on the outage:Power outage at Atlanta airport causes 'pandemonium,' grounds flights https://t.co/Och4XslbLi pic.twitter.com/VX5lnpZMFQ  Fox News (@FoxNews) December 17, 2017Georgia Power said in a statement Sunday evening that  the issue may have involved a fire which caused extensive damage in a Georgia Power underground electrical facility. The airport said power had been restored to one of its six concourses around 7:30 p.m., about seven hours after the initial outage, and Georgia Power said it expects to have power fully restored to the airport by midnight.CNBC News reporter Ethan Kraft reports that Chick-fil-A s CEO Dan Cathy will coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at the airport:Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed says he spoke with Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy to coordinate meals for thousands of stranded passengers at #ATLairport, who have been in the dark since 2p ET  Ethan Kraft (@ethan_kraft) December 18, 2017Fire crews were able to extinguish the fire and had begun assessing damage and beginning repairs, but they had not yet been able to ascertain the cause of the blaze, the utility said.  FOX NewsNBC News  Airport officials said a large portion of the facility had been affected and that repair teams had been working to address the situation since around 1:30 p.m. ET.Not everyone is buying the  fire  story however. This Twitter user believes that terror threat is the cause for the evacuation:The #atlairport has been evacuated, passangers are standing outside on the tarmac, no one is allowed to leave. I think a high level #Hivite was trying to get away, or they've disrupted a major terror attack. It's not being reported by @CNN (headquarters in Atlanta) #MediaBlackOut  Sarah Ruth Ashcraft (@SaRaAshcraft) December 17, 2017Many citizens are questioning the story they are being told about a simple power outage, and wondering why, in the largest airport in the world, there isn t any back up power?https://twitter.com/tonyabonya/status/942576639887663104Officials with the Atlanta Police Department told WSB-TV the airport is evacuating travelers inside.A spokesperson told The Associated Press that no areas outside the airport were affected by the outage. However, flights at Chicago airports O Hare International and Midway both have canceled flights   but it s not yet clear if they were canceled due to Atlanta s outage. Dealing with the power outage at the Atlanta airport was actually insane and I'll post other scary videos later. But the staff was having to slide down the escalators to help people and it was amusing. Finally in the car headed home. #atlantaairport #atl #atlantaA post shared by  sarahmanleyy (@sarahmanleyy) on Dec 17, 2017 at 2:54pm PSTDelta Airlines, which is headquartered in Atlanta, said it had canceled approximately 900 mainline and Delta Connection flights. Passengers should check the status of their flights, the airline said. Pending full resumption of power, Delta anticipates a near-full schedule Monday in Atlanta, though some delays and cancellations can be expected,  the airline said on its website.The airline said it would issue a waiver to those who were traveling through Atlanta with the airline on Dec. 17 or 18. The airline also said it would give travelers a refund if they would like to cancel their trip because their flight was canceled or delayed more than 90 minutes.Those arriving for their flights were met with long lines and a pitch dark airport. No escalators, elevators or information screens were operational.Brian Moote, 36, the morning host of an Atlanta radio show, said he was returning home on a flight from Dallas when the power went out in the airport. Moote said he and his fellow passengers had been stuck in their plane on the tarmac for nearly six hours, beginning at around 12:30 p.m. ET. ",0
17507,“GUATEMALAN” MAN DIES After Falling Into WASTE GRINDER At Meat Plant…Former Worker Claims They Hire “90% Illegal Aliens”…Including “10-12 Yr Old Kids”,"This story is absolutely horrific, but not surprising. Bleeding heart liberals aren t doing illegal aliens any favors by fighting for them to come here, only to be abused by their employers, who hire them, and then hold their illegal immigration status over their heads when they demand safer working conditions. (See video below)A worker caught in a machine at a meat processing plant has died in Ohio, according to local authorities.Samuel Martinez, 62, was killed by the machine on Saturday afternoon at the Fresh Mark plant in Canton, Ohio.The  Guatemalan national  died at the scene.According to the Stark County Coroner s Office, the man stepped into a chute and was stuck in the waste grinder.In a statement released on Saturday, Fresh Mark said that they would work with local law enforcement to figure out what caused the accident.This afternoon just before 5 pm, we experienced a work-related fatality at our Canton facility, they said. Our primary concern rests with the wellbeing of this employee s family, as well as with the safety and well-being of all our employees in the Canton and other Fresh Mark facilities. We are working with authorities to determine the facts regarding this incident. The incident marks the second of such to happen at the company.In 2011, an employee was electrocuted while trying to plug in a fan as he was standing in water.The company sells pork related meat under the Superior and Sugardale brands.  Daily Mail In 2011, Steve Salvi, the founder of Ohio Jobs & Justice PAC interviewed an Ohio worker that made some startling allegations regarding the alleged hiring of underaged illegal aliens at one of Fresh Mark s Sugardale meatpacking plants in Canton, Ohio. In addition to outing the company for hiring underage illegal alien workers, the former Fresh Mark employee claims a veteran returned from Iraq and applied for a job at the meat processing company. The veteran was allegedly turned down until he could prove that he spoke the Spanish language.In May 2017, the very liberal New Yorker published a story about a 17-year old Guatemalan boy who was too young to work in a factory, and lost his leg due to the unsafe working conditions at neighboring Case Farms in Ohio. The New Yorker says the Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America.Osiel sanitized the liver-giblet chiller, a tublike contraption that cools chicken innards by cycling them through a near-freezing bath, then looked for a ladder, so that he could turn off the water valve above the machine. As usual, he said, there weren t enough ladders to go around, so he did as a supervisor had shown him: he climbed up the machine, onto the edge of the tank, and reached for the valve. His foot slipped; the machine automatically kicked on. Its paddles grabbed his left leg, pulling and twisting until it snapped at the knee and rotating it a hundred and eighty degrees, so that his toes rested on his pelvis. The machine  literally ripped off his left leg,  medical reports said, leaving it hanging by a frayed ligament and a five-inch flap of skin. Osiel was rushed to Mercy Medical Center, where surgeons amputated his lower leg.Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America. In 2015 alone, federal workplace-safety inspectors fined the company nearly two million dollars, and in the past seven years, it has been cited for two hundred and forty violations. That s more than any other company in the poultry industry except Tyson Foods, which has more than thirty times as many employees. David Michaels, the former head of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), called Case Farms  an outrageously dangerous place to work.  Four years before 17 year old Guatemalan worker, Osiel L pez P rez lost his leg, Michaels s inspectors had seen Case Farms employees standing on top of machines to sanitize them and warned the company that someone would get hurt. Just a week before Osiel s accident, an inspector noted in a report that Case Farms had repeatedly taken advantage of loopholes in the law and given the agency false information.  The company has a twenty-five-year track record of failing to comply with federal workplace-safety standards,  Michaels said.Case Farms has built its business by recruiting some of the world s most vulnerable immigrants, who endure harsh and at times illegal conditions that few Americans would put up with. When these workers have fought for higher pay and better conditions, the company has used their immigration status to get rid of vocal workers, avoid paying for injuries, and quash dissent. Thirty years ago, Congress passed an immigration law mandating fines and even jail time for employers who hire unauthorized workers, but trivial penalties and weak enforcement have allowed employers to evade responsibility. Under President Obama, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agreed not to investigate workers during labor disputes. Advocates worry that President Trump, whose Administration has targeted unauthorized immigrants, will scrap those agreements, emboldening employers to simply call ice anytime workers complain.",0
17508,TINGLE UP HIS LEG? NBC Paid Off Chris Matthews Staffer After Sexual Harassment Claim,"Here s yet another claim that s really iffy because the  victim  experienced  juvenile  and  inappropriate  comments from Matthews If this is sexual harassment then 99.9% of men AND women have encountered this sort of behavior We re obviously not fans of Matthews but this is a ridiculous claim by a staffer not matter who it is REMEMBER WHEN MATTHEWS WAS CAUGHT ON A HOT MIC  OGLING  THE FIRST LADY:PAYOUT TO ACCUSER:An MSNBC spokesman confirmed Saturday the company made a separation-related payment to one of Chris Matthews employees after the woman complained about sexual harassment.Matthews paid $40,000 to settle with an assistant producer on his show,  Hardball with Chris Matthews,  in 1999 after she accused him of harassment. An MSNBC spokesperson contested that claim to the Caller, saying the company instead paid significantly less as part of a severance package.The woman complained to CNBC executives about Matthews making inappropriate comments and jokes about her while in the company of others.The MSNBC spokesman said that they thoroughly reviewed the situation at the time and that Matthews received a formal reprimand. Based on people who were involved in matter, the network concluded that the comments were inappropriate and juvenile but were not intended to be taken as propositions.The woman received separation-related compensation when she left MSNBC and has gone on to work in a number of high-profile media positions. NBC declined to comment on whether the employee left because of Matthews or whether this was the only claim in Matthews  history at the company.Read more: Daily Caller",0
17509,WATCH: Democrat Heads Are Exploding After What Newly Elected Alabama Senator Doug Jones Just Said In Defense Of President Trump and His Supporters," The newly elected US Senator Doug Jones (D-AL) just won the election by a small margin in a state where a Republican hasn t won for 25 years. Jones was pegged as a  liberal  and a  pro-abortion  by his opponents in the highly contentious race against the accused sexual predator, and ultra-conservative candidate, Roy Moore. Jones, however, is no dummy. In a deep-red state who voted overwhelmingly for President Trump in 2016, Jones knows that he will be a one-term senator unless he gets behind the wildly popular Donald Trump, and based on his first interview with the press, that s exactly what he plans to do.Senator-elect Doug Jones is already breaking with some prominent Democrats by refusing to call for President Trump to step down over ongoing sexual harassment allegations. I don t think that the president ought to resign at this point,  Jones (D-Ala.) told CNN s  State of the Union. In his first round of Sunday show interviews since securing a stunning victory in red state Alabama over accused sexual predator Roy Moore, Jones said he doesn t want to get bogged down in Trump s sexual harassment allegations and would rather work on  real issues. I think we need to move on and not get distracted by those issues,  Jones added.  Let s get on with the real issues that are facing the people of this country right now. That s at odds with some high-profile Democrats like Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (NY) and Cory Booker (NJ) who believe the president should step down because at least 19 women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct.Unlike other politicians who have stepped down, like Sen. Al Franken and Rep. John Conyers, Jones said the difference is the voters knew about these allegations and still elected Trump to the highest office. Those allegations were made and he was elected president of the United States,  Jones said.  I think the American people spoke. Jones said he s willing to work with Republicans on passing some of Trump s priorities like infrastructure investment said the sexual harassment allegations are not reason to get on Trump s bad side. We need to move on and try to work with some real issues that are facing the country and not worry about getting at odds with the president any more than we have to,  Jones said.Gillibrand last week said Trump  committed assault  according to the  very credible allegations  and  he should resign. Trump, who has routinely denied any wrongdoing, shot back at the junior senator with what was widely panned as a sexually suggestive tweet Tuesday   the same day Democrats turned out in droves for Jones in Alabama to defeat a Trump-backed candidate.  NYP",0
17510,JUST IN: DISGRACED DEMOCRAT HARRY REID Funneled MASSIVE Taxpayer Funds To Donor For UFO Research Through SECRET Defense Department Program,"The Defense Department secretly set up a program ten years ago to investigate unidentified flying objects, or UFOs, at the urging of then-Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, according to new reports.Both The New York Times and the website Politico published stories Saturday revealing the existence of the Pentagon s now-defunct Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program.The New York Times said the UFO program began in 2007, while Politico reported in began in 2009.According to the reports, Reid, a Nevada Democrat, helped steer money under the program to a donor s aerospace research company.A Pentagon spokesman said the UFO program ended in 2012, though The New York Times said the Defense Department still investigates potential episodes of unidentified flying objects. The Advanced Aviation Threat Identification Program ended in the 2012 timeframe,  Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White told Politico.  It was determined that there were other, higher-priority issues that merited funding and it was in the best interest of the DoD to make a change. White added:  The DoD takes seriously all threats and potential threats to our people, our assets, and our mission and takes action whenever credible information is developed. Politico said the program was not classified but few officials knew about it. Reid secured the funding for the program in 2009 with the help of former Hawaii Democratic Sen. Daniel Inouye and former Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens, who have both since died.Both outlets said Reid s interest in UFOs was the result of friend, and donor Bob Bigelow, who owns Bigelow Aerospace and has said before he is  absolutely convinced  aliens exist and UFOs have visited Earth.The New York Times said the program had a $22 million annual budget and  most of the money  went to Bigelow s research company, which hired subcontractors and solicited research for the program. I m not embarrassed or ashamed or sorry I got this thing going,  Reid told the newspaper.  I think it s one of the good things I did in my congressional service. I ve done something that no one has done before. Both outlets said the person who ran the program, Luis Elizondo, resigned in October and complained about a lack of interest from top officials about it.   FOX News",0
17511,IT JUST GOT REAL! GOP Rep. Jim Jordan Tells Judge Jeanine Key Players in anti-Trump Scam Will Be Subpoenaed [Video],"One of the big players in trying to get to the truth about the bias against President Trump just told Judge Jeanine that this is getting serious and very real. Four key players will be subpoenaed!FIREWORKS!   GOP Rep. Jim Jordan reveals the House Judiciary Committee will subpoena Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, Bruce and Nellie Ohr pic.twitter.com/PO8o6nsI0k  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) December 17, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON JORDAN: Rep. Jordan is firm in his desire to get to the bottom of what is going on at the FBI and DOJ:GOP Rep. Jim Jordan on Lou Dobbs: Listen you can t make this stuff up. It gets worse each and every day. What deep down scares me, if this actually happened the FBI had a concerted effort with the people at the top to go after one party s nominee to help the other party s nominee. If that actually happened in the United States of America and everything each and every day points to more and more likely that that is what took place, it is sad for our country if that took place. And I think it did based on everything I am seeing. All the evidence points to that..@Jim_Jordan on Peter Strzok: ""In case the American people, in his mind, are crazy enough to elect Donald Trump we need something else to stop Trump. That's what this guy was thinking at the highest levels  at the FBI."" pic.twitter.com/vNWUhDvDuE  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) December 14, 2017The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testified yesterday about the clear case of corruption and political bias in our intel agencies. Changing Hillary s charge from grossly negligent to extremely careless is disturbing enough but it s clear that Jim Jordan knows this goes much deeper. Hillary was protected by the political hacks in the intel agencies but a target was put on President Trump s back using the FISA court to open up spying on the him and those around him using a doctored up opposition research document that was never proven to be anywhere close to true The questioning from Jordan is well worth watching:BYRON YORK:An insurance policy? From the Strzok-Page texts. https://t.co/Ru5P1dWFXI pic.twitter.com/hiyApwb7Jg  Byron York (@ByronYork) December 13, 2017BRET BAIER:Text-from Peter Strzok to Lisa Page (Andy is Andrew McCabe): ""I want to believe the path u threw out 4 consideration in Andy's office-that there's no way he gets elected-but I'm afraid we can't take that risk.It's like an insurance policy in unlikely event u die be4 you're 40""  Bret Baier (@BretBaier) December 13, 2017ANDREW MCCARTHY COMMENTED ON THE TWEET THAT EXPOSED THE AGENTS FOR THEIR POLITICAL BIAS:Obviously, this is not political banter. Clearly indicates professional duties infected by political viewpoints, which is disqualifying. I was going on the published accounts I'd seen, which didn't include this one. Should follow my own advice to wait til all facts in. https://t.co/fXk7GPnk5U  Andrew C. McCarthy (@AndrewCMcCarthy) December 13, 2017",0
17512,BIZARRE 2006 FILM Starring Former White House Staffer OMAROSA Surfaces With Crazy Plot Around Stealing Donald Trump’s Hair,"There are conflicting reports about why the outrageous Omarosa Manigault Newman is leaving her undefined job at the White House. It was first reported that she was escorted out of the White House by Secret Service after General Kelly had enough of her nonsense, and fired her. Omarosa appeared on Good Morning America the following day to refute those claims, saying she resigned from her job and was not fired or escorted out of the White House as reported. So who is Omarosa, and why is she such a polarizing figure? Does this 2006 video that just emerged offer any clues?A pop-culture polymath sent Page Six a link to  Soul Sistahs,  an ultra-camp, hyper-kitsch, uber-low-budget 10-minute sci-fi short film.While the plot is virtually incomprehensible, as far as we can tell it focuses on an intergalactic yenta in a housecoat who kidnaps Omarosa in an attempt to steal Donald Trump s hair as part of a difficult-to-understand get-rich-quick scheme.The mini-flick was made back in 2006   two years after Omarosa shot to fame on Trump s NBC show  The Apprentice. In this vaguely  Barbarella -inspired work, the aging villain drugs Omarosa by feeding her spiked cake, whereupon the red PVC-clad former director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison goes off on a motorcycle to steal the future president s hair in a showdown on top of a CGI-created Trump Tower.The film, which has been viewed a mere 6,000 times   as our source put it:  It s a cult classic. I m the cult    was made by former In Touch Weekly photo director Michael Todd, tabloid veteran Matt Coppa and his brother Andrew Coppa.   NYP ",0
17513,FOX NEWS BOMBSHELL REPORT: Trump Transition Team Lawyer Accuses Robert Mueller Of Improperly Obtaining Documents Related To Russian Probe,"On Friday, Democrats were doing their best to push a rumor that President Trump is about to fire special counsel Robert Mueller before Christmas. According to The Hill   Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, said Friday that  rumors  on Capitol Hill suggest President Trump could fire special counsel Robert Mueller before Christmas, after Congress leaves Washington for the winter recess. The rumor on the Hill when I left yesterday was that the president was going to make a significant speech at the end of next week. And on Dec. 22, when we are out of D.C., he was going to fire Robert Mueller,  Speier told California s KQED News.The ranking Democrat on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff (Calif.), also said Friday that he is worried that Republicans leading the committee are seeking to shut down the committee s investigation by the end of the year. Republicans have scheduled no witnesses after next Friday and none in 2017 [sic]. We have dozens of outstanding witnesses on key aspects of our investigation that they refuse to contact and many document requests they continue to sit on,  he tweeted Friday.The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Rumors that Trump could fire Mueller have swirled since Mueller s appointment in May.While Democrats are spreading rumors about Mueller s firing, Fox News has dropped another Mueller bombshell.FOX News   A lawyer for the Trump presidential transition team is accusing Special Counsel Robert Mueller s office of inappropriately obtaining transition documents as part of its Russia probe, including confidential attorney-client communications, privileged communications and thousands of emails without their knowledge.In a letter obtained by Fox News and sent to House and Senate committees on Saturday, the transition team s attorney alleges  unlawful conduct  by the career staff at the General Services Administration in handing over transition documents to the special counsel s office.The transition legal team argues the GSA  did not own or control the records in question  and the release of documents could be a violation of the 4th Amendment   which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures.Kory Langhofer, the counsel to Trump for America, wrote in Saturday s letter that the GSA handed over  tens of thousands of emails  to Mueller s probe without  any notice  to the transition.The attorney said they discovered the  unauthorized disclosures  by the GSA on December 12th and 13th and raised concerns with the special counsel s office. We understand that the special counsel s office has subsequently made extensive use of the materials it obtained from the GSA, including materials that are susceptible to privilege claims,  Langhofer writes.The transition attorney said the special counsel s office also received laptops, cell phones and at least one iPad from the GSA.Trump for America is the nonprofit organization that facilitated the transition between former President Barack Obama to President Trump.The GSA, an agency of the United States government, provided the transition team with office space and hosted its email servers. We continue to cooperate fully with the special counsel and expect this process to wrap up soon,  Sarah Sanders, the White House press secretary, said Saturday.The special counsel s office declined to comment Saturday. ",0
17514,NFL NIGHTMARE CONTINUES…Seahawks Player Caught On Video Taunting Female Officer During Arrest: “Are you scared of me?”…“I got a lot of f**king money you broke-ass n*ggas”,"In case anyone was confused about how the whole  kneeling for the national anthem  thing came about, it was the former 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who had the bright idea to kneel, as a way to bring attention to how unfairly blacks are treated by law enforcement.A few days ago, the entitled NFL athlete, Seattle Seahawks rookie, defensive-lineman, Malik McDowell, found himself in a little hot water with the law. Unfortunately for McDowell, his disrespectful interaction with the female law enforcement officer who was attempting to arrest him for disorderly conduct was all caught on camera and shared with TMZ.From Deadspin: The video features a male officer who appears to be tasked with transporting McDowell, but not the one who originally arrested him putting handcuffs on McDowell. At the same time, McDowell is taunting a female cop standing nearby. Are you scared of me?  he asks her repeatedly.  Why is you a cop then? McDowell and the officer go back and forth about why he was arrested for disorderly conduct, and he calls her a bitch multiple times. Bitch, I got money. That s why I can talk shit,  McDowell says, adding that the officers will never make as much money as he s made in the past few months.McDowell then apparently shouts at some passersby,  Hey, they re trying to plant some shit on me!  which causes the officers to laugh. I got a lot of fucking money you broke-ass niggas,  McDowell says as they search him.  Put me in fucking jail, please, so I can bond out.  NFL fans reacted to the kneeling players disrespect for our flag, our active and retired military and law enforcement officers by turning off their TV s and skipping the games, leaving empty seats in NFL stadiums across the nation for 11 weeks in a row.",0
17515,"Liberal, Man-Hating Movement DESTROYS Career Of Top TX Lawyer For Posting #MeToo Letter From A Rape Survivor: “If everyone is a victim, no one is. Victim means nothing anymore”"," Lauren McGaughy of The Dallas Morning News did a disgusting hit job on a top Texas lawyer and former judge. As a mother of 3 girls, I m offended by  journalists  like Lauren McGaughy, who wrote about a lawyer who was fired from his law firm for posting an article written by a rape survivor about her views on the now hijacked feminazi #metoo movement. It s sad to see the left grabbing onto the serious issue of sexual assault and doing the exact same thing they did to racism, using it as a political football, and trying to make it a Republican or conservative thing. If everyone s a racist, then no one is a racist. Lauren McGaughy, a reporter for Dallas Morning News didn t stop at exposing the firing of a top Texas lawyer over an article he shared on his personal Facebook page about the #MeToo movement (that was written by a rape survivor), she went after him with a bizarre vengeance, as though she had been personally harmed by his words. McGaughy didn t stop after pointing out that his law firm fired Andrew D. Leonie in a shameful case of censorship, she went on to tie him to  conservatives  and prove that he s actually (gasp) supported Republican candidates in the past.  McGaughy took it a step further, and provided evidence that this horrible human being was also involved in litigating a case against are you ready? Muslim students praying in public schools!McGaughy wrote: Leonie was behind an AG s office letter that blasted a Frisco-area high school for allowing Muslim students to use an empty classroom to pray. The letter, which alleged the school might be infringing on the constitutional rights of its non-Muslim students, was called a  political stunt  by district staff who said the room was open to all students.From the Dallas Morning News article:A top lawyer in the Office of Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton resigned Thursday after reports he wrote a Facebook post that called women s sexual misconduct allegations  pathetic. The Dallas Morning News reported Thursday morning Associate Deputy Attorney General Andrew D. Leonie posted on Facebook this week:  Aren t you also tired of all the pathetic  me too  victim claims? If every woman is a  victim , so is every man. If everyone is a victim, no one is. Victim means nothing anymore. The post went up at 2:40 a.m. on Wednesday. By Thursday afternoon, Leonie had resigned. In a press release, Paxton s office said Leonie s exit was effective immediately. The views he expressed on social media do not reflect our values,  Paxton s Director of Communications Marc Rylander wrote.  The OAG is committed to promoting and maintaining a workplace that is free from discrimination and harassment. Leonie s post was removed late Thursday afternoon. His bio was changed from  Associate Deputy Attorney General  to  Retired. The Dallas Morning News was fortunately, able to get a screen shot of the offensive post for everyone to see:His Facebook post linked to an article from the conservative website The Federalist titled,  Can we be honest about women?  The teaser to the article, which was written by a woman, states:  Here s a little secret we have to say out loud: Women love the sexual interplay they experience with men, and they relish men desiring their beauty. He previously worked for Paxton s predecessor, Gov. Greg Abbott, as a regional chief for consumer protection and special litigator, according to Leonie s LinkedIn. His salary was listed as $150,984 in April on the Texas Tribune s salary explorer.Leonie s post comes as some conservatives question the increasing number of sexual harassment and assault claims against the nation s most powerful men in media, politics and business. While the stories have led to a number of high-profile resignations and apologies in the private sector, change is slower in the political realm, where it s usually up to voters to oust elected officials accused of sexual misconduct.In Texas, for example, Republican Congressman Blake Farenthold on Thursday decided not to run for reelection after allegations he made lewd comments and unleashed profanity-laced tirades on staffers. The decision was made after Farenthold declined to resign for weeks after news broke he once used $84,000 in taxpayer money to settlement a harassment claim. Accusations against state lawmakers   as well as concerns over the ability of elected officials to harass with impunity   have also led to new training requirements in the Legislature.OOPS! It looks likeThe Federalist-reported that Leonie s Facebook post linked to an article entitled  Can We Be Honest About Women?  authored by McAllister, who is a survivor of sexual assault. Here s a little secret we have to say out loud: Women love the sexual interplay they experience with men, and they relish men desiring their beauty,  McAllister writes.  Why? Because it is part of their nature. As a society, we need to encourage both sexes to become comfortable with who they are naturally and all the messy, uncomfortable, stumbling, tantalizing, and glorious twists and turns that come with it,  she continues.  Men and women need to show each other grace and respect as they engage as sexual beings in whatever sphere they interact. The article explicitly condemns sexual assault but argues that what some call sexual assault doesn t deserve that label and expanding its definition into innocent behavior hurts both men and women. In the past, McAllister has written about how our society has emboldened men in positions of power to think they can get away with sexually harassing or assaulting women.In a post entitled  It s Not Up To Women To End Sexual Harassment,  she explains why men need to step up their efforts to protect women from such evils. She has also criticized aspects of the #MeToo movement, writing recently that it is destroying trust between men and women because the social media movement denies human nature.The sexual tension between men and women will always exist, and if women assume a man s sexuality is a threat instead of a powerful complement to their own sexuality, they will always be on guard. In this environment of suspicion, there can be no privacy between a man and a woman. If there is any kind of interaction or discourse, even if it s not sexual, the man can t trust that the woman won t use it against him so communication is silenced. Fear is generated on both sides, and fear is the death of trust. It is also the death of love.Throughout McAllister s critiques of the #MeToo movement and discussions of sexual topics, she has repeatedly stated that women ought to be respected and that sexual assault and sexual harassment are wrong   a fact left out of the numerous media accounts of Leonie s resignation and her article.",0
17516,JUST IN: TRUMP Will Remove “Climate Change” From List Of National Security Threats,"Thank goodness we finally have a President who refuses to dump our taxpayer funds into climate scam that our former President actually identified as a national security threat According to The Federalist, The Trump administration will reverse course from previous Obama administration policy, eliminating climate change from a list of national security threats. The National Security Strategy to be released on Monday will emphasize the importance of balancing energy security with economic development and environmental protection, according to a source who has seen the document and shared excerpts of a late draft. Climate policies will continue to shape the global energy system,  a draft of the National Security Strategy slated to be released on Monday said.  U.S. leadership is indispensable to countering an anti-growth, energy agenda that is detrimental to U.S. economic and energy security interests. Given future global energy demand, much of the developing world will require fossil fuels, as well as other forms of energy, to power their economies and lift their people out of poverty. During his successful campaign, Trump mocked Obama s placement of climate change in the context of national security. Here s a sample of his approach from a campaign speech in Hilton Head, South Carolina, in late 2015:So Obama s always talking about the global warming, that global warming is our biggest and most dangerous problem, OK? No, no, think of it. I mean, even if you re a believer in global warming, ISIS is a big problem, Russia s a problem, China s a problem. We ve got a lot of problems. By the way, the maniac in North Korea is a problem. He actually has nuclear weapons, right? That s a problem.We ve got a lot of problems. We ve got a lot of problems. That s right, we don t win anymore. He said we want to win. We don t win anymore. We re going to win a lot   if I get elected, we re going to win a lot. (Applause)We re going to win so much   we re going to win a lot. We re going to win a lot. We re going to win so much you re all going to get sick and tired of winning. You re going to say oh no, not again. I m only kidding. You never get tired of winning, right? Never. (Applause)But think of it. So Obama s talking about all of this with the global warming and the   a lot of it s a hoax, it s a hoax. I mean, it s a money-making industry, OK? It s a hoax, a lot of it. And look, I want clean air and I want clean water. That s my global   I want clean, clean crystal water and I want clean air. And we can do that, but we don t have to destroy our businesses, we don t have to destroy our  And by the way, China isn t abiding by anything. They re buying all of our coal; we can t use coal anymore essentially. They re buying our coal and they re using it. Now when you talk about the planet, it s so big out there   we re here, they re there, it s like they re our next door neighbor, right, in terms of the universe.The draft of the National Security Strategy makes this approach policy, emphasizing national security and economic growth over climate change.President Obama made climate change, and the burdensome regulations that accompany its focus, a primary focus of his administration, including in his National Security Strategy released in 2015.  [W]e are working toward an ambitious new global climate change agreement to shape standards for prevention, preparedness, and response over the next decade,  that report said.Watch Barack Obama explain how  climate change  is national security threat: By contrast, President Trump s National Security Strategy will focus on conventional and immediate national security risks. The draft says, in part:North Korea seeks the capability to kill millions of Americans with nuclear weapons. Iran supports terrorist groups and openly calls for our destruction. Jihadist terrorist organizations such as ISIS and al Qaeda are determined to attack the United States and radicalize Americans with their hateful ideology. States and non-state actors undermine social order with drug and human trafficking networks, which drive violent crimes and cause thousands of American deaths each year . Strengthening control over our borders and immigration system is central to national security, economic prosperity, and the rule of law. Terrorists, drug traffickers, and criminal cartels exploit porous borders and threaten U.S. security and public safety. These actors adapt quickly to outpace our defenses.As for climate change, the draft report says  The United States will remain a global leader in reducing traditional pollution, as well as greenhouse gases, while growing its economy. This achievement, which can serve as model to other countries, flows from innovation, technology breakthroughs, and energy efficiency gains  not from onerous regulation. FOX News reported on the NOAA intentional manipulation of data that was given to President Obama and other world leaders prior to the 2015 Paris Climate summit where Western nations agreed to spend billions to combat phony climate change:  ",0
17517,KARMA: Race-Obsessed Detroit Free Press Editorial Editor Who Led Effort To Destroy Kid Rock’s Career Is FIRED Over Allegations of Inappropriate Behavior With Female Colleagues,"In September 2016, Stephen Henderson, the editorial editor of the Detroit Free Press, used the power of his pen to unjustly attack Kid Rock, after liberals feared Rock might actually be serious about running as a Republican contender against the do-nothing Democrat Senator Debbie Stabenow. As a Michigan resident, I can say with a great level of confidence, that besides Mike Illitch, the now deceased owner of the Red Wings and Detroit Tigers, Kid Rock has done more for the city of Detroit and for the black community than almost anyone in this state. When the Illitch s asked Detroit legend and philanthropist, Kid Rock to perform for the opening of their much anticipated Little Caesar s Arena, no one could have dreamed that the Detroit Free Press  Stephen Henderson would have used his position to push a lie, that Kid Rock, the single father of a black son, and NAACP award recipient is a  racist .Here s what Henderson had to say about Kid Rock, the man who has done so much for the city of Detroit:This is a musician who got rich off crass cultural appropriation of black music, who used to wrap his brand in the Confederate flag   a symbol inextricably linked to racism, no matter what its defenders say   and who has repeatedly issued profane denouncements of the very idea of African Americans pushing back against American inequality. Just last week, he trashed Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who s jobless right now because he dared challenge the nation s racism with a silent, kneeling protest during the pre-football game singing of the national anthem. Having Kid Rock open this arena is erecting a sturdy middle finger to Detroiters   nothing less. And the Ilitches, who ve done so much for this city and also taken so much from it, should be the last to embrace that kind of signaling.Here is how Kid Rock responded on his Facebook page:People! Pay NO attention to the garbage the extreme left is trying to create! (and by the way, fuck the extreme left and the extreme right!)They are trying to use the old confederate flag BS, etc. to stir the pot, when we all know none of this would be going on if I were not thinking of running for office. Pretty funny how scared I have them all and their only agenda is to try and label people / me racist who do not agree or cower to them!! No one had a word to say when we sold out the 6 shows at LCA back in January! My track record in Detroit and Michigan speaks for itself, and I would dare anyone talking trash to put theirs up against mine. I am also a homeowner and taxpayer in the city of Detroit, so suck on that too!I am the bona fide KING OF DETROIT LOVE and it makes me smile down deep that you haters know that! Your jealousy is merely a reflection of disgust for your own failures and lack of positive ideas for our city.I am however very disappointed that none of the people, businesses or charities I have so diligently supported in Detroit have had anything to say about all these unfounded attacks from these handful of jackasses and The Detroit Free Press. So for the unforeseen future I will focus my philanthropy efforts on other organizations besides the ones I have supported in the past. I would however employ that NAN go ahead and make up these losses since they claim to be so good for Detroit and do not want me opening the arena and generating tons of jobs and tax dollars for the city and people I LOVE  IDIOTS!  .. (Has Al Sharpton even paid his back taxes yet?)Today, the race-obsessed Stephen Henderson, got some very bad news AP   The Detroit Free Press fired Stephen Henderson, its managing director of opinion and commentary, after finding what it called credible allegations of inappropriate behavior with female colleagues, the newspaper announced Friday.Free Press Editor and Vice President Peter Bhatia announced Henderson s termination in a story that said the allegations go back several years. Gannett Co. Inc., the newspaper s parent company, says Henderson s behavior  has been inconsistent with company values and standards. Henderson said in a statement to The Detroit News and Crain s Detroit Business that he is  stunned. I dedicated 18 years to this newspaper over three decades, all of it performing at the highest level,  Henderson said.  I may have more to say on this later, but for now there is much other work to be done here in the city of Detroit. Stephen is a magnificent journalist and a treasured colleague who has done so much for Detroit,  Bhatia said. He added there were no accusations of sexual assault, but said the incidents involving inappropriate behavior and comments directed at Free Press employees ran counter to company policies.Less than 2 months ago, Henderson appeared on Meet The Press and called America a racist nation with a racist history:Rich Lowry of the National Review appeared with Stephen Henderson on Meet The Press to discuss Colin Kaepernick and other NFL players who disrespect the flag as a way to support Black Lives Matter. Henderson argued,  Some of the words in the national anthem are racist.  Henderson argued that it was appropriate to show disrespect for the American flag because he thinks America is a country whose history is racist. Henderson told the panel,  I think this is a country whose history is racist, whose history is steeped in white supremacy, and the anthem reflects that in its very words   (inaudible) . Lowry responded to Henderson by saying,  It s also a nation with very important ideals that have worn down those injustices over time and created a more just society. And people have died under that flag for those ideals. Watch:",0
17518,WATCH: “IT’S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR”…Trump Style,"With mainstream media and establishment politicians stacked against him from the moment he announced his run for the presidency, Donald J. Trump has been in an ongoing pitched battle to communicate his plans   and his eventual successes   to Americans. Through public rallies and social media, he has managed to bypass the traditional information gatekeepers and has spoken directly to the people.Yet, Americans are subjected to a relentless drumbeat from the Democratic Party, amplified by virtually the entire establishment press, that Trump is not only undisciplined, unfit for office and possibly racist, but that embarrassingly little has been accomplished by the Trump administration.But we  Deplorables  know better When Dana Kamide made this pro-Trump video last year, it was an instant hit. The hilarious video reminded Americans of why we re so blessed to have President Trump as our President. To date, the  It s The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year  viral video has been seen over 5.6 million times. This Christmas, let s all count our blessings and remember to be thankful for the bullet we dodged in 2016.    Enjoy WND   And while he has befuddled and disappointed some   with major promises such as Obamacare repeal and a border wall unfulfilled or put on the backburner   the stunning reality is this: Donald Trump has amassed a long and remarkable list of actions and accomplishments that will surprise average Americans, even those who support the president and consider themselves well-informed politically.Below, is an accounting of the truly significant achievements of the first eight months of the Trump presidency. The accomplishments are all the more noteworthy as they have been carried out in an environment of unrelenting negativity on the part of not only the Democrats and almost the entire news media, but the Beltway establishment itself, the entire donor class, the  Deep State,  and even many Republicans wedded to the D.C.  swamp. DECEMBERRegulatory reform: President Trump announced Dec. 14 his administration has far exceeded its promise to eliminate regulations at a 2:1 ratio and impose no lifetime net regulatory costs. In total, agencies issued 67 deregulatory actions while imposing only three new regulatory actions, a ratio of 22:1. Federal agencies also achieved $8.1 billion in lifetime net regulatory cost savings, the equivalent of $570 million per year. Jobs: Some 228,000 new jobs were created in November, highlighting the strongest U.S. labor market since the turn of the century. The government also reported Dec. 8 that unemployment was unchanged at 4.1 percent, but that s still nearly a 17-year low. Military: The Trump administration asked a federal court Dec. 7 for an emergency stay to delay a court order to begin opening the military to transgender recruits by Jan. 1. Israel: While the previous three U.S. presidents promised during their election campaigns to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, President Trump on Dec. 6 became the first to follow through. In his official order, Trump also ordered the U.S. Embassy to be moved to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded:  President Donald Trump, thank you for today s historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jewish people and the Jewish state will be forever grateful.  Immigration: The Department of Homeland Security released figures Dec. 4 showing Trump is delivering on his pledge to more strictly control immigration and deter would-be border-crossers. Border Patrol arrests dropped to a 45-year low in the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, down 25 percent from a year earlier. ICE said the number of people apprehended away from the border jumped 25 percent this fiscal year. The increase is 37 percent after Trump s inauguration compared to the same period the year before. States  rights: President Trump signed two executive orders Dec. 4 that gave back about 2 million acres of land to the state of Utah by modifying executive orders by President Obama. Arguing the Antiquities Act  requires that any reservation of land as part of a monument be confined to the smallest area compatible with the proper care and management of the objects of historic or scientific interest to be protected,  Trump reduced the federal government s control of the Bear s Ear National Monument to just 201,876 acres, pointing out that the important objects of scientific or historic interest described described in Obama s proclamation are protected under existing laws and agency management designations. He also reduced the Grand Staircase National Monument in Utah from nearly 1.9 million acres to about 1 million. Immigration: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced Dec. 3 the Trump administration is withdrawing from the Global Compact on Migration, arguing the pact would  undermine the sovereign right of the United States to enforce our immigration laws and secure our borders.  Tillerson made the announcement just before the opening of a global conference on migration in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. Tax reform: Propelled by the engagement of President Trump, the Senate on Dec. 1 passed the biggest rewrite of the nation s tax system since 1986, reducing rates for businesses and individuals. The Republican-led House passed a similar bill in November. The two chambers of Congress will negotiate a reconciliation of the two bills that they expect to put on the president s desk before the end of the year. Health care: The Senate tax-reform bill passed Dec. 1 eliminates Obamacare s individual mandate, the linchpin of Obama s government-controlled health-care system, which penalizes taxpayers for choosing not to buy health insurance.NOVEMBERStocks: The Dow Jones industrial average surged more than 331 points Nov. 30 to close above 24,000 for the first time in history. Stocks were buoyed by the possibility of the Senate passing the Republican tax-reform bill championed by President Trump. Mining: Mining increased 28.6 percent in the second quarter and was the leading contributor to growth for the nation and in the three fastest-growing states of North Dakota, Wyoming, and Texas, according to the Commerce Department s Bureau of Economic Analysis. North Korea: In response to North Korea s buildup of nuclear weapons and missiles, the communist nation was officially designated a state sponsor of terror by the Trump administration on Nov. 20. The Treasury Department followed up with sanctions on organizations and companies doing business with North Korea. Regulation reform: Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Nov. 17 the Department of Justice will cease the practice initiated by President Obama of issuing  guidance memos  to enact new regulations that sometimes have had the effect of changing federal laws. Iran: Trump issued a memorandum Nov. 16 determining that the U.S. has enough petroleum coming from countries other than Iran to permit  a significant reduction in the volume of petroleum and petroleum products  purchased from the mullah-led nation. China trade: During President Trump s visit to China in November, trade and investment deals worth more than $250 billion were announced that are expected to create jobs for American workers, farmers and ranchers by increasing U.S. exports to China and stimulating investment in American communities. Government transparency: The federal government on Nov. 9 made public more than 13,000 additional documents from its files on President John F. Kennedy s assassination, under orders from President Trump. It was the fourth released since October, when the president allowed the immediate release of 2,800 records by the National Archives. International liberty: President Trump proclaimed Nov. 7, the 100th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution, as the National Day for the Victims of Communism Religious liberty: The Department of Agriculture issued a guidance Nov. 6 that ensures Christians who opposed same-sex marriage would not be discriminated against for their beliefs. Job growth: President Trump announced in the Oval Office Nov. 2 that the semiconductor manufacturing company Broadcom Limited is moving its headquarters from Singapore to the United States. Broadcom is a Fortune 100 company that already employs more than 7,500 workers in the United States, and that number is expected to grow exponentially, with an estimated $20 billion to be spent on employees annually. Broadcom CEO Hock E. Tan said the decision to relocate Broadcom was driven by  his desire to give back to this country that has given me so much.  Government reform: EPA Director Scott Pruitt placed 66 new experts on three different EPA scientific committees who espouse more conservative views than their predecessors. To prevent conflicts of interest, Pruitt signed a directive Oct. 31 banning scientists who receive EPA grants from serving on the agency s independent advisory boards.OCTOBERJob growth: The White House announced Oct. 25 a new drone Integration Pilot Program that will accelerate drone integration into the national airspace system. Under the program, the Department of Transportation will enter into agreements with state, local, and tribal governments to establish innovation zones for testing complex UAS operations and to attempt different models for integrating drones into local airspace. Calling drones  a critical, fast-growing part of American aviation, increasing efficiency, productivity, and jobs, the White House said they  present opportunities to enhance the safety of the American public, increase the efficiency and productivity of American industry, and create tens of thousands of new American jobs.  Government reform: Melania Trump, while embracing a more active and public schedule as first lady, is running one of the leanest East Wing operations in recent history, according to a Fox News analysis of White House personnel reports that found she has significantly reduced the number of aides on the first lady s office payroll in comparison to her predecessor, Michelle Obama. During President Obama s first year in office, 16 people were listed working for Michelle Obama, earning a combined $1.24 million a year. This year, just four people were listed working for Melania Trump as of June, with salaries totaling $486,700. Obamacare: Trump signed an executive order Oct. 12 that directs three federal agencies to rewrite regulations to encourage the establishment of cheaper health plans that can be purchased across state lines and are not bound by certain Obamacare rules and regulations. The directive would allow small-business owners, trade groups and others to join together to purchase health insurance. The plans would not be required to include benefits such as prescription drugs. Trump also wants to expand the sale of stopgap policies that don t cover pre-existing conditions, mental health services and other costly benefits. Consumer optimism: U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly surged to a 13-year high as Americans  perceptions of the economy and their own finances rebounded following several major hurricanes, a University of Michigan survey showed Oct. 13. Iran nuclear agreement: President Trump announced Oct. 13 he will not certify the Iran nuclear deal and vowed that the U.S. would pull out unless changes are made. He also unveiled a new strategy, the culmination of nine months of deliberation with Congress and allies, on how to best protect American security from the rogue mullah-led regime. The plan includes denying the regime funding and any paths to a nuclear weapon and ballistic missiles. The Department of the Treasury sanctioned more than 25 entities and individuals involved in Iran s ballistic missile program. The U.S. also sanctioned 16 entities and individuals that have supported Iran s military and Revolutionary Guard Corps in the development of drones, fast attack boats and other military equipment. United Nations: The United States is quitting the United Nations  Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization. Heather Nauert, a State Department spokeswoman, announced the move will be made before the end of the year  This decision was not taken lightly, and reflects U.S. concerns with mounting arrears at UNESCO, the need for fundamental reform in the organization, and continuing anti-Israel bias at UNESCO.  Homeland security: The Supreme Court dismissed a major challenge to President Trump s travel ban on majority-Muslim countries Oct. 10 because it has been replaced by a new version, sending the controversy back to the starting block. The ruling is a victory for the Trump administration, which had asked the court to drop the case after Trump signed a proclamation Sept. 24 that replaced the temporary travel ban on six nations with a new, indefinite ban affecting eight countries. That action made the court challenge moot, the justices ruled. EPA reform: Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced Oct. 9 a new set of rules that will override the Clean Power Plan, the centerpiece of President Barack Obama s drive to curb global climate change. The agency is moving to undo, delay or block more than 30 environmental rules, the largest regulatory rollback in the agency s 47-year history. Immigration: The Trump administration submitted to Congress Oct. 8 a 70-point proposal that calls for increased border security, interior enforcement of immigration laws and a merit-based immigration system. It includes funding and completing construction of a southern border wall, improving expedited removal of illegal aliens, protecting innocent people in  sanctuary cities,  ending extended-family chain migration and establishing a point-based system for green cards to protect U.S. workers and taxpayers. Religious liberty: Attorney General Sessions on Oct. 6 issued guidance to all administrative agencies and executive departments regarding religious liberty protections in federal law in keeping with Trump s May 4 executive order. The guidance interprets existing protections for religious liberty in federal law, identifying 20 high-level principles that administrative agencies and executive departments can put to practical use to ensure the religious freedoms of Americans are lawfully protected. Attorney General Sessions also issued a second memorandum to the Department of Justice, directing implementation of the religious liberty guidance within the department. Among the principles are  the freedom of religion extends to persons and organizations,   Americans do not give up their freedom of religion by participating in the marketplace, partaking of the public square, or interacting with government  and government  may not restrict acts or abstentions because of the beliefs they display.  Missile defense: The Department of Defense reprogrammed approximately $400 million for U.S. missile defense systems. Religious liberty: The Trump administration expanded religious and moral exemptions for mandated contraceptive coverage under Obamacare. Obama s signature legislation required that nearly all insurance plans cover abortion-inducing drugs and contraception, forcing citizens to violate sincerely held religious or moral beliefs, pay steep fines, or forgo offering or obtaining health insurance entirely. The interim final rules note that the United States  has a long history of providing conscience protections in the regulation of health care entities and individuals with objections based on religious beliefs and moral convictions.  The rule aligns with the U.S. Supreme Court s unanimous ruling protecting the Little Sisters of the Poor, which says the government cannot fine religious groups for following their faith. Immigration: Amid strong Democratic opposition, the House Homeland Security Committee gave first approval to the broad scope of President Trump s border wall Oct. 4, clearing a bill that would authorize $10 billion in new infrastructure spending, new waivers to speed up construction, and 10,000 more border agents and officers to patrol the U.S.-Mexico line. Space exploration: President Trump revived the National Space Council for the first time in 25 years to assist him in developing and implementing long-range strategic goals for the nation s space policy. The pace program will refocus on human exploration and discovery. Vice President Mike Pence, who chaired the National Space Council s Oct. 5 meeting, said the administration aims to establish a renewed American presence on the moon and from that foundation become the first nation to bring mankind to Mars. The administration also will renew America s commitment to creating the space technology needed to protect national security. And Pence pointed out the intelligence community reports that Russia and China are pursuing a full range of anti-satellite technology designed to threaten our U.S. military effectiveness. Abortion: The Office of Management and Budget on Oct. 2 issued a Statement of Administration Policy (SAP) to strongly support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36), which would generally make it unlawful for any person to perform, or attempt to perform, an abortion of an unborn child after 20 weeks post-fertilization. Protecting life: The president issued a statement Oct. 1 renewing the nation s  strong commitment to promoting the health, well-being, and inherent dignity of all children and adults with Down syndrome.  The president observed  there remain too many people   both in the United States and throughout the world   that still see Down syndrome as an excuse to ignore or discard human life.  He said Americans and their government  must always be vigilant in defending and promoting the unique and special gifts of all citizens in need  and  should not tolerate any discrimination against them, as all people have inherent dignity.  Protecting life: The Department of Health and Human Services has published a draft of a new strategic plan that states in its introduction that life begins at conception. The personhood of the unborn child is central to the abortion debate   as even the justice who wrote the landmark Roe v. Wade opinion has acknowledged   because, if established in law, it would nullify a  right  to abortion. The largely overlooked HHS strategic plan for 2018-22 states the agency  accomplishes its mission through programs and initiatives that cover a wide spectrum of activities, serving and protecting Americans at every stage of life, beginning at conception.  Tax reform: Trump is working with Congress to lower taxes by seven points for the middle class and lower business taxes to a 15 percent rate.SEPTEMBERLower courts: Trump is filling up lower courts with lifetime appointees. In the estimation of Democratic official Ron Klain, a  massive transformation is underway in how our fundamental rights are defined by the federal judiciary.  Klain, lamenting Trump s moves, said the president  is proving wildly successful in one respect: naming youthful conservative nominees to the federal bench in record-setting numbers.  On Sept. 28, Trump announced an eighth wave of judicial candidates, with nine more names. Canada trade: In September, the Commerce Department, siding with Boeing, slapped a 219 percent tariff on the import of Canadian-made Bombardier jets, arguing they are supported by subsidies from the governments of Canada and the U.K., creating an unfair market. Korea trade: Trump began the process of renegotiating the United States-South Korea Free Trade Agreement in September. Climate: In September, Trump shut down a climate-change advisory panel under the direction of NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, that critics have contended was formed largely to promote President Obama s climate policies, arguing it lacked representation from  those who think the empirical evidence points to human actions contributing little to global warming and that attempting to reduce it would slow the conquest of poverty around the world.  The EPA also has decided not to renew the appointments of dozens of scientists on various scientific advisory panels. Economy: Household wealth reached a record high of $1.7 trillion in the second quarter due to rising property values and gains in financial assets, according to a Federal Reserve report. Homeland security: In September, Trump signed an executive order to enhance vetting capabilities and processes for detecting attempted entry into the United States by terrorists or other public-security threats. North Korea: After some 25 years of failed negotiations to contain Pyongyang s nuclear program, the communist regime s latest threatening actions were met by President Trump with a warning that military action, including a preemptive nuclear attack, would be considered. After Trump s warnings, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un backed off on his threat to attack the U.S. territory of Guam. North Korea: On Sept. 7, the U.S. fully deployed the THAAD missile defense system to South Korea despite objections from Pyongyang s chief ally, China. North Korea: In September, Trump signed an executive order significantly expanding U.S. authority to target individuals, companies and financial institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea, most of which are Chinese. Meanwhile, China s central bank has ordered banks in its massive banking system to immediately stop doing business with North Korea. United Nations: In his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Trump told the global body in September,  I put America first and you should do the same with your nations.  In the speech, he also explicitly denounced socialism and communism, pointing to Venezuela as an example of what happens when socialism is successfully implemented. Immigration: President Trump, in September, rescinded Obama s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals order, which gave de facto amnesty to some 800,000 people who came to the country as children with their illegal-alien parents. Trump delayed implementing his order for six months to give Congress time to come up with a legislative solution. Stock markets: Through the first week of September, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had 34 record highs. From Election Day to the Inauguration, the Dow rose more than 1,500 points. It climbed another 2,500 points from Inauguration Day, reaching more than 22,400 in mid-September, a gain of more than $4 trillion in wealth since Trump was elected. The Dow s spike from 19,000 to above 21,000 in just 66 days was the fastest 2,000-point rise ever. The S&P 500 and the NASDAQ also have set all-time highs. On Aug. 7, the Dow closed with an all-time high for the ninth day in a row, the first time the market has had a run of that length twice under one presidency.For the entire list, go to WND ",0
17519,WATCH: PRESIDENT TRUMP CHANNELS Successful Developer Days…Cuts Ribbon To Celebrate SHOCKING Number of Regulation Rollbacks…Businesses Cheer!,"WASHINGTON   President Trump said on Thursday that his administration was answering  a call to action  by rolling back regulations on environmental protections, health care, financial services and other industries as he made a push to showcase his accomplishments near the end of his first year in office.The remarks highlighted an area where Mr. Trump has perhaps done more to change the policies of his predecessor than any other, with regulatory shifts that have affected wide sections of the economy. We are just getting started,  Mr. Trump said, speaking from the Roosevelt Room of the White House. He described progress so far as the  most far-reaching regulatory reform  in United States history, a claim he did not back up.  In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room. Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!A post shared by  President Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Dec 14, 2017 at 12:39pm PSTEchoing his days as a real estate developer with the flair of a groundbreaking, Mr. Trump used an oversized pair of scissors to cut a ribbon his staff had set up in front of two piles of paper, representing government regulations in 1960 (20,000 pages, he said), and today   a pile that was about six feet tall (said to be 185,000 pages).His efforts   his staff said that the rules already rolled back had saved $8.1 billion in regulatory costs over their lifetime, or a total of an estimated $570 million a year   have brought cheers from the business community, most notably from companies that will benefit from the rollbacks.Several economic indicators   and comments from companies large and small   suggest that a shift in federal regulatory policy is building business confidence and accelerating economic growth, developments Mr. Trump certainly took credit for on Thursday.A survey of chief executives released this month by the Business Roundtable found that, for the first time in six years, executives did not cite regulation as the top cost pressure facing their companies. C.E.O.s appear to be responding to the administration s energetic focus on regulation,  Joshua Bolten, the roundtable s president, said this month.   New York Times ",0
17520,JUST IN: FCC VOTES To Repeal Obama’s Net Neutrality Rules After BOMB THREAT Clears Room,"Today, the FCC voted to repeal the net neutrality rules that govern internet service providers and how they treat certain websites. The left, along with major social media sites like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were all openly opposed to repealing Obama s net neutrality rules.ABC News   The five commissioners of the FCC voted along party lines   three Republicans to two Democrats   to roll back the rules, imposed in 2015 under President Barack Obama.JUST IN: FCC votes 3-2 to repeal Obama-era #NetNeutrality rules. https://t.co/4VEkXXEf23 pic.twitter.com/M7pYZa4dlT  ABC News (@ABC) December 14, 2017The left reacted to their decision with apocalyptic style tweets.Here s a typical leftist reaction on Twitter to the repeal of Obama s net neutrality:Me after finding out #NetNeutrality was repealed. pic.twitter.com/e7V05o0DJ8    (@exsuzx) December 14, 2017America s most prominent Socialist weighed in on the topic:This is an egregious attack on our democracy. The end of #NetNeutrality protections means that the internet will be for sale to the highest bidder. When our democratic institutions are already in peril, we must do everything we can to stop this decision from taking effect. https://t.co/8GGrJFMdrU  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 14, 2017Of course, #VeryFakeNewsCNN lied about the vote:Hey @CNN, absurd headlines like this are why people don't trust you. pic.twitter.com/dnAL7RM3NK  Curtis Kalin (@CurtisKalin) December 14, 2017The public debate over the rules had been heated at times and Thursday s decision came after a brief delay when, on the  advice of security,  FCC chairman Ajit Pai announced that they would need to take a recess and the hearing room was evacuated.Watch, as the room is cleared during the net neutrality vote:NEW: FCC meeting on net neutrality takes abrupt recess due to security concerns https://t.co/Vxi2egdIqZ pic.twitter.com/sEIW14RmGy  CBS News (@CBSNews) December 14, 2017Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai was in the middle of his speech during a hearing on net neutrality Thursday when he was interrupted by security responding to a bomb threat. I am being advised by security that we are going to have to take a break,  Pai calmly told the audience. Soon after, a security guard could be heard loudly advising everyone in the room   both the Commissioners and the public visitors   to exit and leave their belongings in the federal agency chambers.Foundation that there was a specific bomb threat. Another senior official in the room said someone called into the office and said a briefcase was set to explode.The Commissioners and the audience were eventually allowed back in after Federal Protective Services surveilled the area and situation.A bomb threat occurring right during the middle of Pai s testimony is not surprising as public intrigue around the issue of net neutrality has become so intense that many incensed people have resorted to vile, racist actions.  Daily CallerIs This The New  Normal  For The Left When They Don t Get Their Way?Repeal supporters claimed the rules unnecessarily regulated the industry and impeded upon the free market.Under the rules rescinded Thursday, internet service providers were prohibited from influencing loading speeds for specific websites or apps. The vote rolled back the policies that treated the internet like a utility and could potentially lead to the creation of different lanes of speeds for websites or content creators willing to pay for them. Critics worry that those costs could be passed along to consumers.Internet service providers will have to disclose whether they engage in certain types of conduct, such as blocking and prioritization, following Thursday s decision. They must further explicitly publicize what is throttled and what is blocked, with the information posted on an easily accessible website hosted by the company or the FCC.Repeal is a hallmark victory for the FCC s Republican chairman Ajit Pai whose 11-month tenure has seen him strongly advocate for reduced regulation. Pai was named FCC chairman in January by President Donald Trump, who has made no secret of his interest in reigning in Obama-era business regulations.In July 2017, net neutrality supporters organized a  Day of Action  in support of net neutrality regulations; large tech companies like Facebook, Google, and Amazon all showcased their support for the regulations.Net neutrality is the notion that Internet Service Providers (ISPs) shouldn t be able to  slow down, speed up, or block data as it is routed from its content originator to end users  in order to favor particular sites. The net neutrality regulations put in place under the Obama administration involved subjecting the Internet to Title II of the 1934 Communications Act, where it s considered a public utility that is subject to the iron grip of the FCC.The FCC is now trying to kill these regulations, and they are right do so. Here are seven reasons why.1. The instances of ISPs slowing down or blocking data to favor certain sites over others are few and far between.2. Under Title II, the Internet is subject to a bevy of regulations at the whim of the FCC.3. The FCC can also subject ISPs to a slew of taxes under Title II.4. The FCC also has the power to prevent ISPs from charging websites at rates they deem to be unfair and ends  paid priority. 5. It s a form of censorship.6. It s crony capitalism in favor of web giants like Facebook and Google. That s why they support net neutrality, since it targets their competitors.7. The better way to ensure net neutrality is to breathe more capitalism into the ISP market rather than government control.",0
17521,LOL! SARAH SANDERS MOCKS CNN’s April Ryan…Sends Hilarious Tweets To Verify Authenticity Of Her Homemade Pecan Pies,"One month ago, CNN political analyst and American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan took to Twitter, and without any evidence, suggested that White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders didn t actually bake the Thanksgiving Day pecan pie she posted on Twitter.Here s the tweet from Sanders showing the pie she baked with the message:  I dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! I  dont cook much these days, but managed this Chocolate Pecan Pie for Thanksgiving at the family farm! pic.twitter.com/rO8nFxtly7  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 23, 2017Ryan responded by actually demanding that Sanders do more than post a picture of the pie with a white background, and that she show Twitter users the pie on her table!Show it to us on a table. https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Ryan then took it a step further and doubled down, letting her Twitter users know that the legitimacy of Sanders  claim that she baked the pecan pie was no laughing matter.I am not trying to be funny but folks are already saying #piegate and #fakepie Show it to us on the table with folks eating it and a pic of you cooking it. I am getting the biggest laugh out of this. I am thankful for this laugh on Black Friday! https://t.co/ifeSBlSZW7  AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) November 24, 2017Never one to let the bad behavior of a leftist member of the media sharks go unnoticed, Sarah Sanders decided to share a step-by-step pictorial of her Christmas pecan pies for the petty CNN reporter April Ryan. Sanders tweeted directly to April Ryan this time, asking Ryan for her opinion on how to best prepare her pie:  It s pie time! With or without bourbon @AprilDRyan? #piegate It s pie time! With or without bourbon @AprilDRyan? #piegate pic.twitter.com/2xw58FDFg6  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Sanders then thanked VP Chief of Staff Nick Ayers for supplying the pecans from his family farm in Georgia:Thanks to @VP Chief of Staff @Nick_Ayers for supplying the pecans from his family farm in Georgia #piegate pic.twitter.com/Lx7LpMwF4V  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Sanders even offered to provide CNN s April Ryan with  further documentation  if she needed further proof to verify the authenticity of her homemade pecan pies:Ingredients all mixed up and pies in the oven! @AprilDRyan let me know if you need further documentation #piegate pic.twitter.com/OVYLg1gBgO  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Finally, Sanders ended her series of tweets with a zinger:  Excited to share these at tomorrow s press potluck. Merry Christmas to the WH press corps! Excited to share these at tomorrow s press potluck. Merry Christmas to the WH press corps! pic.twitter.com/PKqfHk3nXJ  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 14, 2017Could there be a classier or wittier person than Sarah Huckabee Sanders, when it comes to dealing with our rabid, Trump-hating, leftist media?",0
17522,UPDATE: BUSTED By The Secret Service…CNN’s April Ryan Called Out for Fake Report On Trump Aide’s Firing [Video],"The Secret Service pushed back on a CNN reporter s claim that a fired Trump aide was physically removed from the White House:Reporting regarding Secret Service personnel physically removing Omarosa Manigault Newman from the @WhiteHouse complex is incorrect.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) December 13, 2017Earlier today, CNN s April Ryan reported Trump administration aide Omarosa Manigault had to be escorted out of the White House by Secret Service officers after she was fired by Chief of Staff John Kelly. American Urban Radio Networks  White House correspondent April Ryan told the story about the aide s firing on CNN:.@AprilDRyan reports Omarosa is leaving the White House because General Kelly ""was tired of all the drama."" She ""was very vulgar, she was cursing"" when he let her know and tried to go see Trump in his residence, but was escorted out by Secret Service https://t.co/tXu1J9HEOw  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017THE LEFTY TRUMP HATERS WERE GLEEFUL: Watch how nasty Angela Rye is about a fellow black woman Shame on her!""Bye girl, bye   You have never represented the community.   Good riddance, goodbye, deuces out!"" @angela_rye celebrates the departure of Omarosa Manigault from the White House https://t.co/t2w0NBvunL https://t.co/1uHDdvobgy  Deena Zeina Zaru (@Deena_CNN) December 13, 2017THE SECRET SERVICE TWEETED OUT A SECOND TWEET THAT THEY JUST TOOK THE PASS OF THR PERSON LET GO:The Secret Service was not involved in the termination process of Ms Manigault Newman or the escort off of the complex. Our only involvement in this matter was to deactivate the individual's pass which grants access to the complex.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) December 13, 2017",0
17523,DOCTOR MENTIONED In Hillary Email Released By Wikileaks Found DEAD In Apartment…Police Say He Committed Suicide By Stabbing Himself To Death??,"54-year-old Dr. Dean Lorich, Associate Director of Orthopaedic Trauma Service at the Hospital for Special Surgery, as well as the Chief of the Orthopedic Trauma Service at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, was found dead in his apartment earlier this week.According to New York City police, he committed suicide by stabbing himself to death.That s a pretty normal way to commit suicide right?It s like the time when former President of the United Nations General Assembly John Ashe, was found dead in his apartment only days before he was set to testify against the Clintons in a corruption case. The official reports indicated that Ashe died of a heart attack.The problem, however, is that police on the scene reported Ashe died when his throat was crushed during a work-out accident.Adding to the mysterious nature of Ashe s death was the fact that he had been slated to be in court Monday with his Chinese businessman co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, from whom he reportedly received over $1 billion in donations during his term as president of the U.N. General Assembly. And then there was this: During the presidency of Bill Clinton, Seng illegally funneled several hundred thousand dollars to the Democrat National Committee.Now ABC News is reporting:An acclaimed trauma surgeon was found dead with a knife in his torso Sunday in his Park Avenue apartment in a suspected suicide, New York City police said.Dr. Dean Lorich, 54, was the associate director of the orthopedic trauma service at the Hospital for Special Surgery who treated Bono in 2014 after the U2 frontman was badly injured in a cycling accident in Central Park.Lorich was also a professor at Weill Cornell Medical College.His death is being investigated as an apparent suicide, a New York Police Department official told ABC News.Initial investigations did not find any signs of forced entry at his apartment, the official said. Authorities have not found a suicide note.Police responding to a 911 call of an assault in a Park Avenue apartment at 1:05 p.m. Sunday found Lorich unconscious and unresponsive with a knife in his torso, according to the NYPD. Emergency medical service responders pronounced him dead.The email Wikileaks published, was highly critical of the failed relief efforts in Haiti and was shared by Cheryl Mills with Hillary Clinton.In 2010, Lorich was part of a relief effort that flew to Haiti as a volunteer to offer his skills for civilians who had been injured during the earthquakes that devastated the region.Within 24 hours of the earthquake, a 13-member team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, and operating room nurses was assembled, with a massive amount of orthopedic operating room equipment, and flew to Port-au-Prince with Dr. Lorich.Bill and Hillary Clinton s  charitable  Clinton foundation led the relief effort in Haiti raising millions of dollars from around the world to help the people recover from the natural disaster. Sadly, most of the funds never reached the people of Haiti, but instead, lined the pockets of the Clintons  associates who were meant to redevelop the nation, but never delivered.Dr. Lorich and his team were there to help save the limbs of those injured, which without the proper medical treatment, would have meant amputation for a lot of people.Lorich described amputation in those conditions as a  death sentence  and hoped to treat as many sufferers as possible, saying:  We expected many amputations.  But we thought we could save limbs that were salvageable, particularly those of children.  We recognized that in an underdeveloped country, a limb amputation may be a death sentence.  It does not have to be so. With the amount of money that was being donated to Haiti for the victims, Lorich and his team expected to have full support when their plane touched down.Instead, he described the situation as  shameful  and witnessed, first hand, a huge misappropriation of funds, with the people affected by the disaster receiving no help whatsoever.Dr. Lorich was disgusted by what he saw and sent an email to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s Chief of Staff Cheryl D. Mills to report what he had seen.In July 2017, a 50-year-old Haitian tied to the Clinton Foundation was found dead with a gunshot wound to his head.It s no secret that the Clinton Foundation has been facing credible reports of robbing impoverished Haitians who were devastated by Hurricane Hanna in 2008, through their  foundation.  Haitians have been protesting for years outside of the Clinton Foundation offices over the theft of money that was donated by individuals and businesses to the Clinton Foundation that never made it to the poorest of the poor.One man was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation next week. That man was 50-year-old former Haitian government official Klaus Eberwein. He was found dead in his Miami home with a  gunshot to the head  that s been ruled a  suicide  by the Miami-Dade s medical examiner records supervisor. (Think Vince Foster)Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official who was expected to expose the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption and malpractice next week, has been found dead in Miami. He was 50.Eberwein was due to appear next Tuesday before the Haitian Senate Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission where he was widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake donations from international donors.Eberwein, who had acknowledged his life was in danger, was a fierce critic of the Clinton Foundation s activities in the Caribbean island, where he served as director general of the government s economic development agency, Fonds d assistance  conomique et social, for three years.According to Eberwein, a paltry 0.6% of donations granted by international donors to the Clinton Foundation with the express purpose of directly assisting Haitians actually ended up in the hands of Haitian organizations. A further 9.6% ended up with the Haitian government. The remaining 89.8%   or $5.4 billion   was funneled to non-Haitian organizations. The Clinton Foundation, they are criminals, they are thieves, they are liars, they are a disgrace,  Eberwein said at a protest outside the Clinton Foundation headquarters in Manhattan last year.The former director general of Haiti, who also served as an advisor to Haitian President Michel Martelly, was also a partner in a popular pizza restaurant in Haiti, Muncheez, and even has a pizza   the Klaus Special   named after him.According to the Haiti Libre newspaper, Eberwein was said to be in  good spirits , with plans for the future. His close friends and business partners are shocked by the idea he may have committed suicide. It s really shocking,  said Muncheez s owner Gilbert Bailly.  We grew up together; he was like family.   Your News WireAmericans were warned about the crooked dealings of the Clinton Crime family when in September of 2016, former Senate President of Haiti, Bernard Sansaricq, shocked a large crowd at a Trump campaign event in Little Haiti, FL. Sansaricq stood up during the public event and relayed his account of the Clinton s dirty dealings in Haiti while he was still in office. To his credit, candidate Donald Trump allowed Sansaricq to speak his mind, and to expose the crimes of the Clinton s, who were attempting to scratch and claw their way back into our White House.Sansaricq claimed he begged the Clinton Administration not to invade Haiti. His request was followed up with a visit by an anonymous messenger from the White House who encouraged him to  side  with the Clinton Administration and he would  be the richest man in Haiti. He also demanded that Hillary Clinton  disclose the audit of all money  related to the Haiti earthquake crisis, as he claimed they scammed the poorest citizens of Haiti out of BILLIONS of dollars through the Clinton Foundation. Not even 2% of that money went back to Haiti. So, Mr. Trump, we are asking you, begging you, the Haitian community will side with you if one day, you ask Hillary Clinton publicly to disclose the audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Haiti is a very poor country. Haiti needs defenders. You said you would champion our cause. We welcome you sir and we will work with you. Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti. Only a couple of days before Eberwein s death, a Republican donor, and operative from Chicago s North Shore who said he had tried to obtain Hillary Clinton s missing emails from Russian hackers killed himself in a Minnesota hotel room days after talking to The Wall Street Journal about his efforts, public records show.In a room at a Rochester hotel used almost exclusively by Mayo Clinic patients and relatives, Peter W. Smith, 81, left a carefully prepared file of documents, which includes a statement police called a suicide note in which he said he was in ill health and a life insurance policy was expiring.",0
17524,WATCH: INTERNATIONAL SHOPLIFTING PUNK LiAngelo Ball Makes Disgusting Admission About His Apology To President Trump…Proves He’s No Better Than His Ungrateful Dad,"It s beyond sad to watch these young men sitting through an interview with their overbearing, loudmouth dad controlling their every move. It s especially disturbing to see Lavar Ball and the hosts of The Breakfast Club laughing about LiAngelo and his fellow UCLA basketball players stealing Louis Vuitton sunglasses in China.He certainly isn t doing them any favors LiAngelo Ball said he wouldn t have apologized to President Trump if UCLA didn t make him do so.After Ball and teammates Cody Riley and Jalen Hill were arrested and released for shoplifting in China, the trio held a press conference after arriving in the United States where they thanked Trump for his role in their release. But according to LiAngelo, who along with his dad, LaVar, spoke about the apology with The Breakfast Club Wednesday morning, an apology wouldn t have been in the cards if he knew he wasn t going to play for UCLA again.Watch, as Lavar Ball, the father of 2 of these 3 unfortunate young men that were part of the interview with The Breakfast Club, talks about how differently he d be treated if he were white. Perhaps someone should explain to Lavar that the real reason he offends everyone within earshot of his big mouth, is because he s an arrogant ass, who owes any attention he gets from the media to his son s athletic abilities (which of course, he takes full credit for). They wanted to hear that, and he tweeted about it before my speech so I had to add it in there right before I gave it,  LiAngelo told the Power 105.1 morning show.According to the middle Ball son, the school reminded him about Trump right before he went up to speak to the press. If they didn t tell me to do it, it wouldn t have been in there,  Ball said on the program, in reference to the Trump apology.Trump fired off a tweet after the UCLA players returned questioning whether they would thank him for facilitating their release.Trump s tweet then prompted LaVar Ball to question how exactly Trump helped. Who?  Ball told ESPN.  What was he over there for? Don t tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Ball s response led to more beef between the two, with Ball reigniting the feud earlier in December when he tweeted a cartoon showing him dunking on the commander-in-chief.LiAngelo, who was suspended indefinitely by UCLA, left the school weeks later and, along with his younger brother, LaMelo, signed a professional contract with Lithuania basketball club Prienu Vytautas this week.  NYPOn November 21, 2017, we published an article about how a family member revealed the SICK reason LaVar Ball allegedly wouldn t let his sons see their mother after  surgery to remove portion of her skull So who is this crackpot LaVar Ball, and why would anyone in their right mind make such arrogant and ignorant remarks after the President of the United States just helped their son to escape a prison sentence in a foreign country? Andrew Stephens of the Armchair All Americans did a pretty good job of summing up what a horrible human being the self-serving, money, and fame-obsessed LaVar Ball really is. In his article, Stephens reveals a sick man, who is so controlling of his 3 sons and their basketball careers, that he wouldn t even let them visit their very sick mother in the hospital, over fears that it could create media attention that could damage his merchandise brand.On March 15, 2017, Andrew Stephens of Armchair All Americans published an article about Lavar Ball titled Lavar Ball: The epitome of what is wrong with modern sports. It touched on helicopter parenting and the monetization of potentially profitable children.Stephens claimed that in the article, without commenting on upbringing tactics, I attempted to delve into Lavar Ball s seemingly unnecessary promotion of his own sons for his personal benefit.About an hour after the article was run, I received a comment on it from a member of the Ball family, who wishes to remain anonymous. The comment (which has since been removed to protect the email address and identity of the commenter) read as follows:- Wow. You nailed it. Although you don t even know the half of it. Lavar took over the high school program, added the Coach, his puppet (which is why he quit last year after becoming the national coach of the year) and Lavar stepped on and crushed countless other kids  careers and love for the game to get his kids on the court. If you are allowed to shoot at any time from anywhere and never come out of the game, any decent idiot could score 30 points.Also, Tina Ball, his wife had a stroke on Feb 21. She had life-threatening skull surgery to relieve brain pressure   guess where Lavar was during the operation that could have killed his wife?   at the CHHS vs. LB Poly game with his sons, including Lonzo. He still has not allowed his kids to see their sick mother due to the media attention it would bring to him, and cause BBB sales to diminish. [Name of hospital] in [City of hospital], CA   Tina is there now and he only visits for 1 hour a few days a week, while her Mother has yet to leave her side. Pathetic!!! ",0
17525,LOL! #VeryFakeNewsCNN Claims Anderson Cooper’s Twitter Account Was Hacked After He Tweeted Nasty Message To President Trump,"After Roy Moore s ugly loss in the Alabama Senate race last night, President Trump took the high road and congratulated Democrat candidate Doug Jones who won by less than 1% of the vote. President Trump tweeted:  Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends! Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017Trump then tweeted an explanation as to why he didn t get behind Roy Moore in the primary, and chose instead, to support his Republican opponent Luther Strange.President Trump tweeted:  The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2017The  verified  Anderson Cooper account responded to President Trump s tweet by saying,  Oh Really? You endorsed him you tool! Twitter user  Blackish Jimmy Kimmel  took a screen shot of Cooper s tweet before it was deleted:This is CNN   #FactsFirst That awkward moment when You're @AndersonCooper trying to convince people that #FakeTweets are being made from your Verified twitter account. pic.twitter.com/tHexTfDv2e  Blackish JimmyKimmel (@StrokerAce90) December 13, 2017#VeryFakeNewsCNN s communication team got out ahead of the sh*t storm and tweeted,  This morning someone gained access to the handle @andersoncooper and replied to POTUS. We re working with Twitter to secure the account. This morning someone gained access to the handle @andersoncooper and replied to POTUS. We're working with Twitter to secure the account.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) December 13, 2017Normally, we d give the Twitter user the benefit of doubt, but in the case of #VeryFakeNewsCNN, they haven t proven that they re ethical or fair in their treatment of President Donald Trump in the past, so there s really no reason for most of America to believe that Anderson s tweet to President Trump wasn t sent by him.What are you thoughts? Do you believe CNN, or do you think Cooper Anderson simply sent a response to Donald Trump that he deleted after he realized he exposed his hate for our President? Tell us what you think in the comment section below.",0
17526,LYNCH MOB WINS By Less Than 1%…Why Republicans Are To Blame For LEFTIST DOUG JONES’ Victory,"They threw everything but the kitchen sink at Judge Roy Moore. Democrats outspent Moore 10-1, and more importantly, the Democrat Party unified, like they always do, to get behind their candidate (think Hillary Clinton), no matter their flaws, or how weak of a candidate he or she may be. Meanwhile, the Republicans did exactly what they always do they splintered, they argued amongst themselves, and they waited until the 11th hour to get behind Roy Moore, the Republican candidate who was accused (without evidence) by several women (one of whom admitted to committing forgery in a high school yearbook used as evidence of her claim against him) of sexual misconduct several decades ago. The media will try to blame this loss on President Trump, but the truth of the matter is, that the Republican Party came late to the game with funding and with support for Roy Moore, while half of the party either sat on their hands or openly condemned their candidate. The spineless Republican Party can take credit for the historic loss tonight in Alabama.AP   In a stunning victory aided by scandal, Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama s special Senate election on Tuesday, beating back history, an embattled Republican opponent and President Donald Trump, who urgently endorsed GOP rebel Roy Moore despite a litany of sexual misconduct allegations.It was the first Democratic Senate victory in a quarter-century in Alabama, one of the reddest of red states, and proved anew that party loyalty is anything but sure in the age of Trump. It was a major embarrassment for the president and a fresh wound for the nation s already divided Republican Party.A number of Republicans declined to support him, including Alabama s long-serving Sen. Richard Shelby. But Trump lent his name and the national GOP s resources to Moore s campaign in recent days.",0
17527,POCAHONTAS CALLS Trump’s Comments To Dem Senator Gillibrand “Slut-Shaming”…So Why Didn’t She Call Trump’s Comments About Romney During The Campaign “Slut-Shaming”? [VIDEO],"How quickly the Democrats and their allies in the media forget, that when the bear is poked, he fights back. Donald Trump has never been shy about punching back when he s being unfairly attacked, and Democrat Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (NY) is no exception. When she came after President Trump for allegations made by women for alleged sexual misconduct by then candidate-Trump, suggesting he should resign, Trump reminded everyone of how Gillibrand came to Trump, the former billionaire NYC business tycoon, begging him for campaign contributions.Here is Gillibrand s tweet calling for President Trump to either resign or threatening that Congress should investigate decades-old unfounded claims of sexual misconduct:President Trump should resign. But, of course, he won't hold himself accountable. Therefore, Congress should investigate the multiple sexual harassment and assault allegations against him.  Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) December 11, 2017Donald Trump responded:  Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office  begging  for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED! Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office  begging  for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017Fake Indian Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MS) took to Twitter in an attempt to  shame  President Trump. Here is the tweet by the female Senator who is more commonly known as  Pocahontas :Are you really trying to bully, intimidate and slut-shame @SenGillibrand? Do you know who you're picking a fight with? Good luck with that, @realDonaldTrump. Nevertheless, #shepersisted. https://t.co/mYJtBZfxiu  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) December 12, 2017Clearly Senator s Warren and Gillibrand never saw Trump attacking Mitt Romney during the campaign, otherwise, they surely would have tweeted about Trump  slut-shaming  him right?Watch:Donald Trump on Mitt Romney: ""He was begging for my endorsement. I could have said, 'Mitt, drop to your knees.' He would have dropped to his knees.""Was Trump sexually harassing/slut shaming Romney?No, this type of language is a part of Trump's vernacular. pic.twitter.com/DwwOYCGljJ  Ryan Saavedra   (@RealSaavedra) December 12, 2017When Trump attacked Romney during the campaign, the Business Insider reported about the incident:GOP frontrunner Donald Trump responded to Mitt Romney s broadside on Thursday by saying that the former Republican presidential candidate had  begged  for his endorsement. He was begging for my endorsement,  Trump said at a rally later in Portland, Maine. I could ve said,  Mitt, drop to your knees.  He was begging me,  Trump said.Trump was referring to the 2012 race for president in which Romney, the GOP nominee that year, sought Trump s endorsement.But if they were friendly four years ago, that relationship has clearly deteriorated.Earlier Thursday, Romney gave a speech in which he railed against Trump, whom he called a  fraud,   con man,   phony,  and  fake,  among other things. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University,  Romney jabbed.  He s playing the American public for suckers. He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat. Throughout Trump s subsequent speech in Maine, the real-estate developer repeatedly and extensively lashed back out at Romney. Mitt is a failed candidate   he failed badly,  Trump said.  That is a race that should have been won. He repeatedly called Romney a  choke artist  throughout the speech, an insult he s used against Marco Rubio, a top Trump rival for the 2016 nomination. He s a choke artist, I started hitting him so hard,  Trump said.  We can t take another loss. He choked, he choked like nobody I ve ever seen except for Rubio,  he continued.At other points in his speech, Trump called Romney a  disaster  candidate in 2012. The billionaire businessman then mentioned a fundraiser he held for Romney that  ruined  his carpet. Trump said Romney did not compensate him for the damages Senator Gillibrand was clearly not above cozying up to sexual predators for contributions or for leveraging their political clout. This Twitter user posted a picture of Gillibrand with Harvey Weinstein, the most notorious sexual predator in Hollywood:Senator Gillibrand is also a close friend of Harvey Weinstein. So much for being a strong feminist ally. pic.twitter.com/eXNO0iZSBx  DEPLORABLE MEDIA (@correctthemedia) December 12, 2017And here s Gillibrand posing with former President Bill Clinton the accused rapist and sexual assaulter, who was impeached for lying about having sex under the Oval Office desk with a 19-year old intern: ",0
17528,SENATOR GILLIBRAND Pulled Strings So Muslim Athlete Who Molested 12-Year Old Girl Could Come To U.S. After His Visa Was Denied,"Democrat Senator Kristen Gillibrand (NY) likes to think of herself as a champion of women. After multiple women came forward to accuse fellow Democrat Senator Al Franken of sexual assault (photos were also supplied as evidence of one of the accuser s claims), Gillibrand finally called for Franken to step down. Was Gillibrand s call for her fellow Senator to step down part of a larger plan to appear neutral, as she then attacked President Donald Trump for unfounded allegations against him only months before the election?  Isn t it kind of hypocritical for Gillibrand to call anyone out of sexual misconduct after she fought to bring a Muslim athlete to upstate New York who molested an innocent 12-year old girl while he was in America?The media CHEERED when NY Democrat Senator s Kirsten Gillibrand and Chuck Schumer helped a 24-yr old Muslim man enter the U.S. after he was denied entry The media was strangely SILENT, however, after he molested a 12-yr-old upstate NY girl while she was with her family at an event celebrating the Muslim athlete. Yesterday, it was discovered that the Islamic extremist who killed 9 people and injured dozens of others, when he rammed his truck into them on a busy bike path in New York City, entered our country on a  Diversity visa  that was the brainchild of none other than the Democrat Senator from NY, Chuck (I always put diversity before our nation s security) Schumer An Indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of U.S. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the World Snowshoe Championship in New York has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.It was a long journey for Indian snowshoe champion Hussain and his coach to the World Snowshoe Championships in Saranac Lake, New York last weekend.The US embassy in New Delhi rejected Tanveer Hussain s application for a visa so he could compete in the World Snowshoe Championship last month, Fox News reported.Local officials then appealed for help to Schumer and Gillibrand, and their offices reached out to the New Delhi embassy, which let Hussain successfully reapply for a visa.Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer, an outspoken opponent of President Trump s position on stricter immigration policies for immigrants and visa holders coming into the United States, bragged about getting around Trump s temporary travel restrictions to bring convicted pedophile Tanveer Hussain to New York on his Facebook page:Schumer s office told Fox he often intervenes to help international competitions. As we often do when local communities ask for help, at the request of Saranac Lake we helped to navigate the visa process so these athletes could compete at a local competition. The charges against one member of the group, who is accused of a serious crime and abusing our visa program, are extremely troubling. If he s found guilty, he should be punished to the fullest extent of the law,  a rep said.Gillibrand s office offered a similar response, adding that the charges are  extremely serious. Hussain hails from the Indian side of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which is predominantly Muslim. Although India is not one of the seven countries that were part of the initial travel ban, Hussain and Khan had alleged they were victims of it when their first attempt at procuring visas to travel to the United States was turned down in late January, the first business day after Trump s travel ban was put in place.Khan told the BBC that an employee at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi told them they were being rejected because of  current policy. U.S. officials said at the time that the denial was not connected to the travel ban. An embassy spokesman said they were preparing a statement for release later in the day.   National PostTanveer Hussain was indicted in August 2017, by an Essex County grand jury for allegedly having inappropriate contact with a 12-year-old Saranac Lake girl earlier this year.Tanveer is pictured below surrounded by young teenagers at Saranac Middle School. Taneer is pictured in center-left with his arms around a young girl.The grand jury returned the indictment charging Tanveer Hussain with one count of first-degree sexual abuse and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child, a report in the Adirondack Daily Enterprise quoted a press release from Essex County District Attorney Kristy Sprague as saying.The reckless and irresponsible acts of Democrat legislators like Senator Chuck Schumer, perfectly illustrates why Trump was right about demanding that we put additional vetting measures in place for immigrants.Hussain and team manager Abid Khan arrived Feb. 23 in the bucolic Adirondacks town, which had been following their visa ordeal and extended them a hero s welcome. Locals offered congratulations and free lodgings at an inn that in the snow looked like a  fairy tale scene from a movie,  Khan said in a Facebook post.The  fairy tale  was shattered Wednesday, when Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with felony sexual abuse and child welfare endangerment, police said.The parents of the 12-year-old girl allegedly involved said the incident happened Monday, after the end of the three-day snowshoe competition, and reported it to local authorities.Chief Charles A. Potthast Jr. of the Saranac Lake Village police force said the girl was playing pool Monday afternoon with other young people at the inn where Hussain was staying. There was a moment when the two were alone, and that s when the incident occurred,  Potthast said. The girl told police there was a  passionate kiss  and that Hussain touched her in an intimate area on top of her clothing.During their time in Saranac Lake, Hussein and his coach were honored with a special reception by the mayor and gave a talk about Kashmir at Saranac Lake Middle School, where students had waged a letter-writing campaign on their behalf.  Pack your bags. Next year you are coming to Kashmir,  Hussain told them, according to one of Khan s Facebook posts.  Washington Post",0
17529,"COWARDLY CHAIN MIGRATION TERRORIST Who Entered US During Obama’s Second Term, Mocked President Trump Just Before Failing To Blow Himself Up","Yesterday, a cowardly recipient of America s generosity, via a broken chain migration policy, walked through the busy subway terminal near the Port Authority Transit hub, where he planned to use a homemade bomb strapped to his body as a weapon to  terrorize as many people as possible.  The chain migration terrorist claims he chose the Port Authority site because the poor little radicalized Muslim who America welcomed with open arms, was triggered by the Christmas posters that hung in the hallways of the terminal. The chain migration terrorist, who was inspired by ISIS, failed miserably.The media will show their true colors when they ignore the ease with which radical Muslims from hotbed terror nations have been allowed to enter the United States, and will instead, will focus on Ullah s statement about wanting to punish President Trump for recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The media will also ignore the fact that we wouldn t even be having this conversation if Ullah was not allowed to enter the United States during Obama s presidency. It was actually during Barack Hussein Obama s second term in 2014, that Ullah began to explore ways to commit acts of terror against Americans, as a way to show his allegiance to the cowardly terror group, ISIS. (See paragraph  f. )Port Authority bomber Akayed Ullah wanted to send a message straight to the White House:  Trump you failed to protect your nation. Here is a screenshot of the complaint filed by Assistant United States Attorneys:That s what the 27-year-old ISIS adherent wrote on his Facebook page while on his way to blow himself up at the bustling transit hub Monday morning, according to the federal complaint filed Tuesday.He had also written in his passport:  O AMERICA, DIE IN YOUR RAGE. The charges also reveal that the 27-year-old Bangeldesh-born cabbie s online radicalization began in 2014, and he began researching how to build bombs a year ago   although he only constructed his crude explosive device at his Brooklyn home a week ago.Ullah built the bomb for  maximum damage,  federal prosecutors charge   filling it with metal screws   and performed the bombing on a workday because  he believed that there would be more people.   NYP ",0
17530,WATCH: ESTABLISHMENT REPUBLICAN Pollster Tries Desperately To Turn Alabama Voters Against Roy Moore…Gets BIG Surprise,"Establishment Republican pollster Frank Luntz looked more like a CNN host than a Republican pollster in a room full of committed Roy Moore voters. Luntz was obviously frustrated, as Alabama voters dug in their heels, and refused to back down on their support for Judge Roy Moore in today s Senate election to fill AG Jeff Sessions seat in Alabama.MONTGOMERY, Alabama   Frank Luntz, a GOP establishment messaging consultant, was visibly flabbergasted as every single one of his focus group participants in a Birmingham area Vice News-produced panel backed Judge Roy Moore for U.S. Senate. Titled  Why These Alabama Voters Are Sticking By Roy Moore,  Luntz s Vice News focus group aired on Vice News Tonight on Dec. 8 on HBO. Are you all Christians here?  Luntz opens the seven-and-a-half-minute long segment.  Yes,  all of the focus group participants, who joined Luntz in a Birmingham area restaurant, replied. Is Roy Moore a good Christian?  he followed up. Yes,  one woman replied.  Absolutely,  another said. Absolutely?  Luntz followed up in disbelief.  Yes,  the woman shot back.  Without any doubt whatsoever?  Luntz asked again.After some more back and forth, a man in the focus group spoke up. Scottie Porter, a real estate developer, said:He s not my choice, I m not voting for him because I like him. I m voting for him because I don t want Doug Jones. But Roy Moore is entitled to the presumption of innocence in the law and in the Bible just like anybody else should be. There are only accusations. There have been no charges filed. All you have is a group of women who have come forward. How many? How many?  Luntz pressed Porter. Seven,  he replied. There s really only three,  one woman yelled out. How many women have to come forward before you say  wait a minute, where there s smoke there s fire ?  Luntz asked the group.Chuck Moore, a retired sales consultant, replied:  It s about the legitimacy, not just how many. How many are not being paid? Or being coerced to do this? How many of them do you think are being paid?  Luntz asked the group. All of them,  some replied in unison. By a show of hands, how many of you think all the women are being paid?  Luntz asked the full group.Three hands in the group went up. Seriously?  Luntz asked in disbelief, before the camera turned to homemaker Jane Wade. To me, there are only two women that have a smoking gun but the women s their reputations are questionable at the time,  Wade said. Is this how you want to be treated as a woman if something were to happen to you? Do you want to be dismissed that way?  Luntz asked Gina Doran, a retired school bus driver. You better have proof,  Doran fired back at Luntz.Watch: Breitbart News",0
17531,Authorities Allowed NYC Chain Migration Terrorist To Stop Interrogation Several Times To Pray After Admitting He Was Triggered By CHRISTMAS Posters,"The poor little ISIS-inspired, chain migration, snowflake, terrorist can t even walk by a Christmas poster without being triggered. How long before Mayor DeBlasio starts the dialogue about removing triggering signs of Christmas from NYC, so as not to offend non-Christians? The taxi driver behind the failed terror attack in a New York City told investigators he meant to detonate his homemade pipe bomb in the busy subway station after seeing the walls festooned with Christmas posters   in revenge for violence against Muslims all over the world.While initial reports suggested the crude pipe bomb, made from a pipe, a 9-volt battery, match heads, sugar, Christmas tree lights and screws, had detonated prematurely, suspect Akayed Ullah, 27, insisted he set off the bomb deliberately.Ullah, who was arrested and taken for questioning after the bomb only partially detonated, told police he was walking through the underground tunnel at 7.20am, between the Port Authority station towards Times Square, when he saw the Christmas-themed posters on the wall, which reminded him of ISIS  calls last month for militants and lone wolves to attack holiday markets.  He acknowledges he purposely set it off then and there,  a senior law enforcement official told the New York Post.The Bangladeshi immigrant added that he was specifically inspired by ISIS,  not Al-Qaeda .Authorities say that if the explosive had fully detonated in the busy Midtown Manhattan subway station, there would have been more injuries and doubtless loss of life.The attack came days after Ullah s Brooklyn neighbors say they heard a huge row coming from his home, reporting yelling and screaming over the past two nights.Ullah, who was allowed to stop and pray multiple times during his interrogation, was taken to Bellevue Hospital to be treated for serious burns and lacerations to his abdomen and hands but is expected to survive. At the hospital, the Brooklyn resident told investigators that he was inspired to carry out the attack by the recent flare ups between Israelis and Palestinians in the Gaza Strip.Monday s attack was the first terror attack on U.S. soil since that proclamation, but only one of many violent demonstrations across the world since the controversial move was announced last Wednesday. It was also the second time in two months that New York City was the target of a terrorist attack.President Trump said in a statement that  lax  immigration policies were to blame for the attack, and urged Congress to  enact legislative reforms to protect the American people .Authorities say Ullah took the A train subway to the Port Authority Bus Terminal stop Monday morning, and started walking east towards Times Square via an underground terminal when a pipe bomb hidden underneath his clothes prematurely exploded. Law enforcement officials don t believe the passageway was the intended target since the  low-tech  bomb   attached to Ullah with Velcro and zip ties   did not explode fully.The chemical explosive appears to have ignited but the pipe itself did not burst. Screws were found at the scene, indicating that they may have filled the pipe and were intended to be used as shrapnel.In the end, Ullah was the only one seriously injured by the explosive (three others reported to hospitals for ringing in the ears and headaches).  Daily Mail ",0
17532,JUST IN: Pro-ISIS Terrorist Who Intended to Blow Up NYC Bus Terminal During Rush Hour Came To U.S. Through CHAIN MIGRATION Program Democrats Are Fighting For,"In September, President Donald Trump tweeted a new condition for a potential deal with Democrats on immigration. Trump warned that he would not budge on allowing the failed  chain migration  program to continue in the United States. CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!  he wrote.CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017 Business Insider attempted to paint a softer picture of the harsh realities (like terrorism) that chain migration brings with the unpopular program to the United States.Chain migration is a term almost exclusively used by immigration hardliners when referring to the family-reunification-based component of the US immigration system, through which US citizens or lawful permanent residents may sponsor close family members to join them in the US.Prominent anti-immigration groups like the Federation for American Immigration Reform and NumbersUSA have frequently denounced chain migration, describing it as a process that admits  indefinite  numbers of unskilled immigrants based on family connections alone and that prompts foreigners to view US immigration as a  right or entitlement. Immigration proponents, however, describe family-based immigration as essential in helping new immigrants assimilate into US society. The American Immigration Council argues that newcomers who can bring family members with them when they immigrate to the US have stronger social and economic support that helps them  navigate the system. Trump s tweet about chain migration on Friday could signal a new bump in the road for any immigration deal with Democrats. The bipartisan Dream Act, recently reintroduced in Congress by Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, includes a pathway to citizenship for the so-called Dreamers, whose protections under the DACA program will be phased out over the next six months.FOX News reports  An attempted suicide bomber who set off a rush-hour explosion at the nation s busiest bus terminal is a Bangladeshi national living in Brooklyn who was inspired by ISIS, law enforcement officials said.The suspect in Monday morning s blast at Port Authority in midtown Manhattan was identified as Akayed Ullah, 27. Ullah strapped a pipe bomb to his body with Velcro and zip ties, and it detonated in a subway corridor, police said.From police sources: pic.twitter.com/xFNagGmoh6  Joe Borelli (@JoeBorelliNYC) December 11, 2017Ullah lived in Brooklyn after he entered the U.S. in 2011 from Bangladesh on a chain migration visa, Department of Homeland Security Press Secretary Tyler Houlton said in a statement.The DHS said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F43 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens.He was considered a  Lawful Permanent Resident from Bangladesh,  Houlton told Fox News. ",0
17533,WHY ROY MOORE’S ELECTION WIN Is Critical For President Trump To Replace Leftist Federal and U.S. Supreme Court Activist Judges,"Tomorrow, Alabama residents (including thousands of felons who have been registered by Al Sharpton s alleged brother) will go to the polls to decide who they want to represent them in the US Senate. The Democrats have contributed over $10 million to their leftist, virtually unknown candidate, Doug Jones. So, why are they so eager to take this Senate seat?In June 2017, the Democrats spent an astounding $30 million in Georgia s 6th congressional district, to lose a House seat in a special election. They falsely believed that the only thing they needed for Democrat candidate John Ossoff to win the race, was enough Georgians who hated Donald Trump to come out and vote.Is history repeating itself in Alabama?Democrat Senate candidate Doug Jones raised nearly six times Moore s amount ahead of the Dec. 12 special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Jones headed into the final weeks of the race with roughly four times as much money in the bank than his GOP opponent.Jones raked in nearly $10.2 million compared to Jones  $1.8 million. Jones also spent roughly 5 times as much as Moore during that period, nearly $8.7 million compared to Moore s $1.7 million.Conservative Pat Buchanan asks,  Why would Christian conservatives in good conscience go to the polls Dec. 12 and vote for Judge Roy Moore, despite the charges of sexual misconduct with teenagers leveled against him? Answer: That Alabama Senate race could determine whether Roe v. Wade is overturned. The lives of millions of unborn may be the stakes.There is, however, so much more at stake than the single issue of abortion in this hotly contested Senate race. Democrats are not going to sit back and allow President Trump a pathway to remaking the radical leftist judicial system they ve worked so hard to put in place. Today, the GOP, holding Congress and the White House, has a narrow path to capture the Third Branch, the Supreme Court, and to dominate the federal courts for a decade. For this historic opportunity, the party can thank two senators, one retired, the other still sitting.The first is former Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada.In 2013, Harry exercised the  nuclear option,  abolishing the filibuster for President Obama s judicial nominees. The Senate no longer needed 60 votes to confirm judges. Fifty-one Senate votes could cut off debate, and confirm.Iowa s Chuck Grassley warned Harry against stripping the minority of its filibuster power. Such a move may come back to bite you, he told Harry. Grassley is now judiciary committee chairman.And this year a GOP Senate voted to use the nuclear option to shut down a filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, who was then confirmed with 55 votes.Yet the Democratic minority still had one card to play to block President Trump s nominees   the  blue slip courtesy. If a senator from the state where a federal judicial nominee resides asks for a hold on proceedings, by not returning a blue slip, the judiciary committee has traditionally honored that request and not held hearings.Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota used the blue slip to block the Trump nomination of David Stras of Minnesota to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Franken calls Stras too ideological, too conservative.But Grassley has now decided to reject the blue slip courtesy for appellate court judges, since their jurisdiction is not just over a single state like Minnesota, but over an entire region.Not only are the federal court vacancies almost unprecedented, a GOP Senate and Trump are working in harness to fill them before January 2019, when a new Congress is sworn in.If Republicans blow this opportunity, it is unlikely to come again. For the Supreme Court has seemed within Republican grasp before, only to have it slip away because of presidential errors.Both Trump, by whom he nominates, and a Republican Senate, with its power to confirm with 51 votes, are indispensable if we are to end judicial dictatorship in America.   Pat Buchanan, Yellow Hammer News ",0
17534,LOL! RATINGS CRASHER Megyn Kelly Is DESTROYED On Social Media For Using Her NBC Show To Give Liberal Trump Sexual Assault Accusers A Platform,"Last week, President Trump totally humiliated ABC News on Twitter, as he pointed out their embarrassing attempt at  gotcha journalism  when Brian Ross erroneously reported in a  BREAKING NEWS  story, that Michael Flynn was told by Donald Trump to talk to the Russian Ambassador during his campaign. Brian Ross was suspended for a month. President Trump suggested should be fired for his #fakenews reporting.Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and  papers  should do the same with their Fake News!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2017This week, it was NBC s  Never-Trump  Megyn Kelly s chance to exact revenge on President Trump, who after attacking him during his first debate, lost her conservative Fox News fanbase and basically saw her promising career come to a screeching halt. NBC picked up Kelly in a $23 million per year contract in a gamble that liberals would warm up to the formerly conservative host. NBC has since found out that conservatives no longer want anything to do with Kelly, and liberals despise her for her past performances as a top-rated host on conservative-leaning FOX News.Twitter users were on fire after Megyn Kelly did her part to help tear down President Trump (again):Megyn Kelly,You and your employer need to smear Trump but there's nothing left to accuse him of so you're going to re-interview Trump accusers who've already been proven pos liars?How desperate you must be.  Philip Schuyler (@FiveRights) December 11, 2017Today, Megyn Kelly traipsed out  a trio of Donald Trump accusers on her failing show. Rest assured, there will be many more liberal accusers who come out against Donald Trump, as racism appears to have lost its glow, as a means to draw voters into the Democrat Party, as Americans have become tired of watching Democrats constantly drawing from the bottom of the deck, as a way to cloud Trump s  Make America Great Again  agenda of a pro-growth economy, jobs, education, lower taxes, and America first.Megyn Kelly, who is desperate for ratings, must have been incredibly disappointed when breaking news of a botched suicide bomber attack in New York City was reported at the same time her Democrat Donald Trump accuser was telling her story on her show.Daily Mail A trio of the president s accusers reemerged on Monday to hound him for sexually harassing them.Samantha Holvey, Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks had previously made allegations against Trump and appeared on Megyn Kelly  Today  to demand justice as the White House resumed its claim that the issue had been litigated in last year s election. All of a sudden, he s all over, me, kissing and groping and groping and kissing,  said Leeds, a self-proclaimed Democrat, who says she revealed her story because  I wanted people to know what kind of a person that Trump really is what a pervert he is. This is the same Jessica Leeds that accused Trump of sexual harassment.Think Megyn Kelly will bring this picture up?Think she ll bring up the time that Jessica Leeds was in a two year property law suit with Trump? pic.twitter.com/AvdEyYu8Ew  WhiteNitemare (@Carl_Anthony215) December 11, 2017Leeds claims that Trump assaulted on a plane in the  70s and called her a  c***  when he ran into her some time later at a party in New York while he was still married to his first wife Ivana.Megyn Kelly asked former Trump accuser Jessica Leeds what she wants other women to know about sexual harassment. Leeds replied,  We have a problem in that we have been enculturated all of this time for all of this time, for years and years and years, to be compliant.  Leeds went on to say,  For the woman who voted for Trump, they just didn t want to vote for a woman   It became reasonably difficult to believe a single work Leeds had to say when she used the word enculturated  when referring to her alleged meeting with Donald Trump. It became impossible to believe a word she said when Leeds followed up her comment by exposing her bitter feelings towards women for not voting for Hillary.  The only thing missing from Leeds during her appearance on the Megyn Kelly show was her pussy hat and an  I m a committed Democrat Feminist  tattoo on her forehead. Watch:WATCH: ""If there are other women out there, what do you want them to know?""   Megyn asks Trump accusers Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey & Rachel Cooks on #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/YPt1CxieUA  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Watch Crooks tell Megyn her alleged story here: Is it true he [Trump] asked for your phone number?   @megynkelly  Yeah I remember saying,  What do you need that for?   Trump accuser Rachel Crooks on @MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/OCX1ZpnV2J  TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 11, 2017Watch the obvious excitment of Megyn Kelly to be able to pretend as though she s relevant with a breaking news announcemnt with the official White House response to the allegations:WATCH: Statement the @WhiteHouse just provided to #MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/0hahP6goW1  Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) December 11, 2017Daily Mail  The two other women said that Trump s conduct while he was a businessman left them  shocked  and  devastated  and feeling  very gross  and  very dirty. I was so uncomfortable, and a little, yeah, threatened, like I didn t have a choice,  Crooks on Monday said.Kelly s program was preempted in New York as an explosion went off in Manhattan. Her show aired in other parts of the country, however, including Washington.Holvey, a former Miss USA contestant, said that Trump came backstage in 2006 and reviewed the women while they were indecent.She recalled thinking at the time that it would be a meet and great with Trump. But it wasn t.The former Miss North Carolina says Trump was  just looking me over like I was just a piece of meat. I was not a human being. I did not have a brain I did not have a personality. I was just simply there for his pleasure. It left me feeling very gross, very dirty, like this is not what I signed up for. Here s how Twitter responded to Megyn s show: You know the Russia narrative is over when Megyn Kelly is having Trump accusers on her show.It will be never ending the next 3-7 years.The media is becoming the little boy that cried wolf.If they ever did find REAL dirt on Trump, no-one will believe them.  Josh (@JoshNoneYaBiz) December 11, 2017Megyn Kelly is interviewing the lying 3 blind mice Trump accusers to save her failing show. Hope it s the final blow revealing to all that it s all about Megyn, for Megyn & nothing but Megyn s self serving ass who owes Trump gratitude for her relevancy.  Tiff  (@LATiffani1) December 11, 2017 ",0
