id,title,text,label
13997,"Headliners in Philadelphia, and Bill de Blasio on the Sideline - The New York Times","It wasn’t that long ago that Bill de Blasio was the face of progressive politics in America, winning an election in which he was not initially favored by riding the theme of Dickensian inequity that has animated the current presidential campaign. Two years ago it would have been easy to imagine him playing a central role in a national election in which his former employer, Hillary Clinton, needed to fortify and telegraph her leftist credentials. Instead, Mayor de Blasio delivered his speech at the Democratic convention late on Wednesday afternoon, between a presentation from the mayor of Tallahassee, Fla. and a video montage of   Democrats who are no longer with us. Lena Dunham, who was given the lectern on Tuesday, got it in prime time Bill de Blasio got rush hour. What happened? Certainly it did not serve the mayor well that he was as slow to endorse Mrs. Clinton as a    is to acknowledge that a curfew is good for you. But relevance, or rather the ebbing away of it, has played as much a part as retribution for Mr. de Blasio. Two polls conducted this spring among New York City voters had the mayor receiving his lowest poll numbers to date. Among whites the statistics are especially shocking: in both surveys, one conducted by Quinnipiac and the other by Marist, only 27 percent expressed approval of his job performance. A recurrent strain of complaint from the affluent white liberals who elected Mr. de Blasio revolves around a perception of arrogance, which seems laid bare by his recurrent lateness (though his punctuality has improved) and his centralized style of management. The distaste for him is visceral, if often vague. Arrogance can be a political virtue, a truth nowhere more obvious than in the rising fortunes of the current Republican presidential nominee, whose campaign has been conducted as a spectacle of  . But for Mr. de Blasio the opposite has been true ambitions to go bigger  —   to hold a national forum on progressive ideas as he had hoped to do in Iowa earlier this year  —   are rejected, and swatted down as grandiose. How come? Baroque arrogance, of the kind we have been witnessing recently, is easier to take than an egotism attached to earnestness, because we can always imagine that the baroque variety is just an act. Beyond that, arrogance finds its reward when it doesn’t submit or concede, when it doesn’t betray a fear of alienating nonbelievers. Mr. de Blasio’s convention speech came on the heels of a decision by the state’s attorney in Baltimore to drop all remaining charges against three police officers awaiting trial in the case of Freddie Gray, a young black man who died in custody last year. Given his position overseeing the largest police force in America, Mr. de Blasio might have used some of his time to advocate the kind of accountability police departments around the country must bear to help stem the cycle of distrust and violence that is currently fraying cities. But Mr. de Blasio, cowed by the police unions, has not been forceful on that issue himself. How humiliating it might have been for the current mayor to have been upstaged by his predecessor, Michael R. Bloomberg, we don’t know. Mr. Bloomberg’s convention speech on Wednesday night had the billionaire’s     air, while Mr. de Blasio’s seemed in some sense an effort to ingratiate his way back under the Clinton canopy. And it wasn’t over for Mr. de Blasio on Wednesday night he still faced a speech the following evening by his   Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has been walking away with credit for progressive changes, like a higher minimum wage, that he didn’t always champion. This past week, old pictures of Mr. Bloomberg and Donald J. Trump, in golf hats, surfaced on the internet to remind us that despite the former mayor’s evisceration of the candidate as a dangerous demagogue, a con man and a lazy heir, wealth is essentially a clubby place. Photographs of the Clintons and the Trumps, seen together in happier times, do the same work, showing us that in New York, money is the ultimate affinity group. Both political conventions  —   each celebrating a certain kind of New York power broker  —   happened to unfold as the Four Seasons, the city’s high church of transactional dining, was closing its doors and auctioning off its linens. It is easy to imagine the Clintons, the Trumps, the Cuomos, Mr. Bloomberg and Rudolph W. Giuliani all having bumped into one another in the pool room at some point and enjoyed it. It is harder to picture Mr. de Blasio digging his hand into a swath of the famous cotton candy. Maybe, in the end, that’s just something else people hold against him.",0
13998,"Derek Walcott, Poet and Nobel Laureate of the Caribbean, Dies at 87 - The New York Times","Derek Walcott, whose intricately metaphorical poetry captured the physical beauty of the Caribbean, the harsh legacy of colonialism and the complexities of living and writing in two cultural worlds, bringing him a Nobel Prize in Literature, died early Friday morning at his home near Gros Islet in St. Lucia. He was 87. His death was confirmed by his publisher, Farrar, Straus and Giroux. No cause was given, but he had been in poor health for some time, the publisher said. Mr. Walcott’s expansive universe revolved around a tiny sun, the island of St. Lucia. Its opulent vegetation, blinding white beaches and tangled multicultural heritage inspired, in its most famous literary son, an ambitious body of work that seemingly embraced every poetic form, from the short lyric to the epic. With the publication of the collection “In a Green Night” in 1962, critics and poets, Robert Lowell among them, leapt to recognize a powerful new voice in Caribbean literature and to praise the sheer musicality of Mr. Walcott’s verse, the immediacy of its visual images, its profound sense of place. He had first attracted attention on St. Lucia with a book of poems that he published himself as a teenager. Early on, he showed a remarkable ear for the music of English  —   heard in the poets whose work he absorbed in his Anglocentric education and on the lips of his fellow St. Lucians  —   and a painter’s eye for the particulars of the local landscape: its beaches and clouds its turtles, crabs and tropical fish the sparkling expanse of the Caribbean. In the poem “Islands,” from the collection “In a Green Night,” he wrote: He told The Economist in 1990: “The sea is always present. It’s always visible. All the roads lead to it. I consider the sound of the sea to be part of my body. And if you say in patois, ‘The boats are coming back,’ the beat of that line, its metrical space, has to do with the sound and rhythm of the sea itself. ” There was nothing shy about Mr. Walcott’s poetic voice. It demanded to be heard, in all its sensuous immediacy and historical complexity. “I come from a place that likes grandeur it likes large gestures it is not inhibited by flourish it is a rhetorical society it is a society of physical performance it is a society of style,” he told The Paris Review in 1985. “I grew up in a place in which if you learned poetry, you shouted it out. Boys would scream it out and perform it and do it and flourish it. If you wanted to approximate that thunder or that power of speech, it couldn’t be done by a little modest voice in which you muttered something to someone else. ” Mr. Walcott’s art developed and expanded in works like “The Castaway,” “The Gulf” and “Another Life,” a   inquiry into his life and surroundings, published in 1973. The Caribbean poet George Lamming called it “the history of an imagination. ” Mr. Walcott quickly won recognition as one of the finest poets writing in English and as an enormously ambitious artist  —   ambitious for himself, his art and his people. He had a sense of the Caribbean’s grandeur that inspired him to write “Omeros,” a transposed Homeric epic of more than 300 pages, published in 1990, with humble fishermen and a taxi driver standing in for the heroes of ancient Greece. Two years later, he was awarded the Nobel Prize. The prize committee cited him for “a poetic oeuvre of great luminosity, sustained by a historical vision, the outcome of a multicultural commitment. ” It continued: “In his literary works Walcott has laid a course for his own cultural environment, but through them he speaks to each and every one of us. In him, West Indian culture has found its great poet. ” As a poet, Mr. Walcott plumbed the paradoxes of identity intrinsic to his situation. He was a   poet living on a   island whose people spoke   Creole or English. In “A Far Cry From Africa,” included in “In a Green Night”  —   his first poetry collection to be published outside St. Lucia  —   he wrote: Derek Alton Walcott was born on Jan. 23, 1930, in Castries, a port city on the island of St. Lucia. His father, Warwick, a schoolteacher and watercolorist, died when he was an infant, and he was raised by his schoolteacher mother, the former Alix Maarlin. Both his parents, like many St. Lucians, were the products of racially mixed marriages. Derek was raised as a Methodist, which made him an exception on St. Lucia, a largely Roman Catholic island, and at his Catholic secondary school, St. Mary’s College. His education was Anglocentric and thoroughly traditional. “I was taught English literature as my natural inheritance,” he wrote in the essay “The Muse of History. ” “Forget the snow and daffodils. They were real, more real than the heat and oleander, perhaps, because they lived on the page, in imagination, and therefore in memory. ” He published his first poem at 14, in a local newspaper. With a loan from his mother, he began publishing his poetry in pamphlets while still at St. Mary’s. His early models were Marlowe and Milton. At the University of the West Indies in Mona, Jamaica, where he majored in French, Latin and Spanish, he began writing plays, entering into a lifelong but rocky love affair with the theater. His first play, about the revolutionary Haitian leader Henri Christophe, was produced in St. Lucia in 1950. After earning his bachelor’s degree in 1953, Mr. Walcott taught school in St. Lucia, Grenada and Jamaica while continuing to write and stage plays. His verse dramas “Ione” and “Sea at Dauphin” were produced in Trinidad in 1954. “  and His Brothers,” a retelling of a Trinidadian folk tale in which Lucifer tries to steal the souls of three brothers, was produced in Trinidad in 1958. Mr. Walcott studied directing with José Quintero in New York for a year and, on returning to the West Indies, founded a repertory company, the Little Carib Theater Workshop, which in the late 1960s became the Trinidad Theater Workshop. One of the group’s first productions was Mr. Walcott’s “Malcochon. ” His   play was “Dream on Monkey Mountain,” which received an Off Broadway production in 1971. He later wrote the book and collaborated with the singer and songwriter Paul Simon on the lyrics for “The Capeman,” a musical about a Puerto Rican gang member who murdered three people in Manhattan in 1959. The show opened at the Marquis Theater in 1998 and closed after 68 performances, becoming one of the most expensive flops in Broadway history. With the publication of “In a Green Night” in 1962, Mr. Walcott captured the attention of British and American critics. Robert Lowell in particular was enthusiastic, and served as a point of entry to the American literary world. With each succeeding collection  —   “Selected Poems” (1964) “The Castaway” (1969) “The Gulf” (1970) and “Sea Grapes” (1976)  —   Mr. Walcott established himself as something more than an interesting local poet. “Aficionados of Caribbean writing have been aware for some time that Derek Walcott is the first considerable   poet to emerge from the   Arcadia of the old slaveocracies,” the poet and critic Selden Rodman wrote in a review of “The Gulf” in The New York Times Book Review. “Now, with the publication of his fourth book of verse, Walcott’s stature in the front rank of all contemporary poets using English should be apparent. ” The lyric strain in Mr. Walcott’s poetry never disappeared, but he increasingly took on complex narrative projects and expanded his vision of the Caribbean to accommodate an epic treatment of the themes that had always engaged him. The artistic   of “Another Life,” with its rich,   intertwining of the artist’s developing sensibility and the lush landscape of St. Lucia, set the bar for Mr. Walcott’s later, increasingly ambitious poetry. In “Omeros”  —   the title is the modern Greek word for Homer  —   Mr. Walcott cast his net wide, embracing all of Caribbean history from time immemorial, with special attention to the slave trade, and refracting its story through Homeric legend. In his hands, the Caribbean became not a backwater but a crossroads  —   what the scholar Jorge Hernandez Martin, writing in the magazine Americas in 1994, called “a dispersion zone, a sort of switchboard with input from and output to other parts of the world. ” Travel and exile were constants in Mr. Walcott’s poetry. “Tiepolo’s Hound” (2000) presented a dual portrait of the author and the Impressionist painter Camille Pissarro, who spent his childhood in the Caribbean before being transplanted to Paris. Like his father, Mr. Walcott was an accomplished watercolorist his landscape paintings appear on his book jackets, and in “Tiepolo’s Hound” they are interspersed through the book. The wanderings in “Omeros” were rivaled by Mr. Walcott’s own zigzag itinerary as a teacher and lecturer at universities around the world. He taught at Boston University from 1981 until retiring in 2007, dividing his time among Boston, New York and St. Lucia but constantly en route. “The Prodigal” (2004) a   summation with a distinctly elegiac undercurrent, offered a glimpse of the author’s restless movements, which take him, in the course of the poem, to Italy, Colombia, France and Mexico. “Prodigal, what were your wanderings about?” he wrote. “The smoke of homecoming, the smoke of departure. ” Mr. Walcott’s three marriages ended in divorce. His survivors include his longtime companion, Sigrid Nama a son, Peter two daughters, Anna   and Elizabeth   and several grandchildren. His twin brother, Roderick, a playwright, died in 2000. In 2009, Mr. Walcott was proposed for the honorary post of professor of poetry at Oxford University. His candidacy was derailed when academics at Oxford received an anonymous package containing photocopied pages of a book describing allegations of sexual harassment brought by a Harvard student decades earlier. Mr. Walcott withdrew his name. “I am disappointed that such low tactics have been used in this election, and I do not want to get into a race for a post where it causes embarrassment to those who have chosen to support me for the role or to myself,” he told The Evening Standard of London. He added, “While I was happy to be put forward for the post, if it has degenerated into a low and degrading attempt at character assassination, I do not want to be part of it. ” Mr. Walcott was always conscious of writing as a man apart, from a corner of the world whose literature was in its infancy. This peculiar position, he argued, had its advantages. “There can be virtues in deprivation,” he said in his Nobel lecture, describing the “luck” of being present in the early morning of a culture. “For every poet, it is always morning in the world,” he said. “History a forgotten, insomniac night History and elemental awe are always our early beginning, because the fate of poetry is to fall in love with the world, in spite of History. ”",0
13999,Look how easily you can be robbed while pumping gas,"Print 
An increasingly common form of theft has been occurring at gas stations around the country…. 
“Most of the time, gas station customers leave their car doors unlocked and items like purses and wallets are often left in plain view,” explains the National Crime Prevention Council (NCPC). “A thief is able to drive up next to the victim’s car, open an unlocked door, and grab any valuables within reach. Then, the thief quickly drives off. It happens in a matter of seconds.” 
[…] 
As the gas station surveillance camera shows in the video below, a while a customer is pumping gas with her back turned away from her car, the driver of another car pulls up and “slides” into the passenger side door of the woman’s car, grabs her purse, and then drives off — all in a matter of seconds.",0
14000,Sex Attacks and Violence Plagued Austria’s NYE Celebrations,"Emergency services were inundated Saturday night across Austria as multiple reports of sex assaults emerged, many committed by young men described as having a foreign appearance. [Although Cologne was the focus of   sex attacks last year, there were also many cases that occurred in neighbouring Austria. New police reports show that the situation hasn’t changed from last year with multiple cases of sexual assault, violence, and attacks with fireworks committed across the country, reports Der Standard.  In the city of Salzburg, a    woman from Germany is said to have been sexually assaulted by an    migrant. The Afghan migrant, who was said to be heavily intoxicated at the time, repeatedly tried to kiss the woman on the lips during the midnight celebration and grabbed her genital area. Friends of the woman were able to restrain the young migrant, preventing him from attacking the woman further, and called the police who arrived on the scene a short time afterwards. Police took the man to a medical clinic, due to his intoxication, and then to jail where he awaits possible prosecution. In the region of Tyrol, 11 women have come forward to police claiming to have been attacked by a group of men at the main marketplace in Innsbruck. The women say the group of attackers were   with short beards and had a “southern appearance”  —   a phrase used in Germany to describe men of North African origin. Two of the women were able to take photographs of the men with their mobile phones, but because it was dark, police were unable to verify their identities. Police described the attacks as being coordinated much like the Cologne attacks last year in which a group of men single out women, surround them and sexually assault them  —   a rape game known as “Taharrush” in the Middle East and North Africa. In the Styrian capital of Graz a    woman claimed to have been sexually attacked by two men. The woman was on her way home at 1:30 am when two men she described as 25 to    and   grabbed her buttocks and her genitals. She managed to outrun the pair and report the crime to local police in the centre of the city. Before New Year’s Eve, Vienna authorities handed out over 6, 000 “rape alarm” key chains to deter   attackers. It is unknown if these alarms were able to stop any sexual assaults, though the reported cases of sexual assault in the Austrian capital of Vienna were minimal with only three cases reported.",0
14001,California’s Anti-gun Prop 63 Likely to Pass,"Email 
California Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom’s (shown) campaign to run for something (either governor of the state or for Dianne Feinstein’s Senate seat when she retires) in 2018 is likely to get a significant boost when Proposition 63 passes next month. Prop 63 won’t do anything to restrict criminal gun violence, but it will raise him from obscurity, provide his campaign (which he announced in February last year) with mailing lists and funding sources, and propel him into national prominence. 
In other words, Prop 63 is all about Newsom . As sponsor of the anti-gun, anti-Second Amendment bill, Newsom has taken plays from the Brady anti-gun playbook and sold them to the California low-information voters, who are being influenced by the bill’s support from Senators Feinstein and Barbara Boxer, various mayors, and three of the state’s largest newspapers. At last count, more than 90 percent of Democrats and a hefty majority of Republicans support the bill. 
The bill, which Newsom calls his “Safety for All” measure, would, he says, “help save countless lives.” Its primary focus, according to Newsom, is on ammunition: It would, effective January 1, 2018, require purchasers of ammunition to undergo background checks and have the sale recorded permanently onto a new database maintained by the California Department of Justice. If a seller sells more than 500 rounds in any 30-day period, he would have to become a licensed ammunition vender and would be forced to sell ammunition only face-to-face, not by mail. 
In addition the proposition would create a “new court process … for the removal of firearms from individuals upon conviction of certain crimes” according to the state’s voter information guide. In addition, it would ban the possession of magazines holding more than 10 rounds. That guide goes on to parrot the traditional anti-gun promises of similar bills: Proposition 63 will improve public safety by keeping guns and ammunition out of the wrong hands. Law enforcement and public safety leaders support Prop. 63 because it will reduce gun violence by preventing violent felons, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill from obtaining and using deadly weapons and ammo. 
That it’s a phony political ploy is evident from the fact that the bill would only apply to California residents. Nonresidents would be exempt. Nonresidents such as criminals, illegal immigrants, out-of-state terrorists, gang members and convicted felons “can bring ammunition into California all they want,” according to Kim Rhode. Rhode, a six-time Olympic medal winner in the shooting sports and an honorary life member of the National Rifle Association, added: “This tells you how fundamentally twisted this proposition really is. It will cause the police and the state to divert resources to monitor law-abiding citizens [who] are not causing any problems, but will do nothing to stop criminals.” 
Rhode is joined by numerous individuals and groups who see the bill for what it really is, including 10 professional law-enforcement associations and John Malcolm, director of the Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies at the Heritage Foundation: This law would make criminals out of people who are morally blameless. These are special taxes and background checks on ammunition, just to make it more difficult for law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms. It’s an assault on the Second Amendment. 
Agreeing with Malcolm’s assessment of the bill’s malevolent results is Michele Hanisee, president of California’s Association of Deputy District Attorneys for Los Angeles County: For one thing, this initiative would do nothing to stop criminals from acquiring ammunition, guns, or large-capacity magazines. But it would make it prohibitively difficult for responsible gun owners to obtain ammunition for sport and home defense. As prosecutors, we would enthusiastically support any proposed law that promised to be a realistic tool against gun violence. But Prop. 63 is simply bad public policy. Its passage would have zero effect on criminals — other than to encourage them to commit more crimes. At the same time, it would criminalize the conduct of ordinary citizens. 
Passage of Proposition 63, which now appears to be certain, will turn out to be a two-fer: 1) a further infringement of precious rights guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the citizens of California, and 2) a boost from obscurity to national prominence the highly popular former mayor of San Francisco and current radio host who has his eyes set on 2018 political opportunities. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  ",0
14002,"Germany: Children in one school required to chant ‘Allahu Akbar’; in another, Christian events eliminated","Print 
[Ed. – Coming soon to a — oh, wait. It’s already here .] 
Pupils at a primary school were forced to chant “Allahu Akhbar” and “there is no God but Allah”, an appalled father has claimed. 
The father of the pupil at the girl’s primary school in German ski resort Garmisch-Partenkirchen discovered that his daughter had been forced to learn the Islamic prayer when he discovered a handout she had been given. 
He claimed she had been “forced” by teachers to memorise the Islamic chants and forwarded the handout to Austrian news service unsertirol24. 
The handout read: “Oh Allah, how perfect you are and praise be to you. Blessed is your name, and exalted is your majesty. There is no God but you.” … 
The incident comes just weeks after parents complained to German newspaper Hessian Niedersächsische Allgemeine (HNA) that their children’s nursery was refusing to acknowledge “Christmas rituals” to accommodate the “diverse cultures” of other pupils.",0
14003,Jean Kennedy Smith Remembers Growing Up Kennedy - The New York Times,"THE NINE OF USGrowing Up KennedyBy Jean Kennedy SmithIllustrated. 262 pp.   Publishers. $29. 99. She was the eighth and penultimate child of Joseph and Rose Kennedy, shyer than most of the others, a sidekick to her siblings. Now, as Jean Kennedy Smith notes in her wistful memoir, “The Nine of Us: Growing Up Kennedy,” she’s the only one left. That’s reason enough to dip into this graceful if gossamer book. Her   grandfathers who rose to power in Boston politics get their due, but “The Nine of Us” really begins in Hyannis Port, the playground and testament to Joe Kennedy’s great success, first as a banker and stock picker, then as a Hollywood financier, and above all as an investor who knew when to get out: right about the time Jean was born in 1928. Jean is too proper, of course, to address her parents’ marriage in any but the most reverent terms. The patriarch rarely at home in his striving days, romancing Gloria Swanson among so many others, is only the wise and devoted father here. Rose’s unconcern at their long times apart  —   their separate vacations, even  —   is no less a mystery than before. This is the   story of children who made their beds, did chores, came to dinner at exactly quarter past 7 and endured both parents’ endless interrogatories about global events of the day. Jean’s brother Teddy, in his far weightier memoir “True Compass,” has already worked this ground, as have scores of biographers, but Jean has a few new stories of her own. Locked one day in a closet for stealing a cookie, she waited  —   and waited. Suddenly the door opened and in rolled Teddy, youngest of the nine, for some infraction of his own. Once again, the door was shut and locked. Her mother, Jean realized, had forgotten she was there. To dry their tears, Jean started playing  . “Teddy,” I said, “do you think we will ever get out of this closet? Or do you think we’ll be like Amelia Earhart, stuck here forever?” Teddy giggled, she reports, and off they sailed to the isle where Earhart awaited them. When their mother at last let Teddy out, she did a   at seeing Jean, too, but nothing more. “Mother,” she writes, “was not about to admit her mistake. ” It’s fun, too, to see statecraft through the eyes of an    girl. By l935, Joe Kennedy had worn out his welcome with President Roosevelt, despite his brilliance in building the Securities and Exchange Commission: To Roosevelt, the Boston banker was a braggart. Still, Kennedy held some sway over the Irish Catholic vote best to keep him in thrall. When Kennedy mentioned to the president his son Bobby’s stamp collection, Roosevelt knew just what to do. “Roosevelt was himself an avid collector,” Jean explains, “and he found a moment . ’u2008. ’u2008. to dictate a note to Bobby. ” Later, when Roosevelt invited all the Kennedys to the Oval Office, Bobby walked in clutching his album. “President Roosevelt was delighted,” Jean recalls. “The two of them moved to the large desk, where the leader of the free world brought out his stamp collection, too. There they lingered, the president and the boy, necks craned over their albums. ” For his good offices, Kennedy asked to be named ambassador to the Court of St. ’u202fJames’s. Roosevelt reportedly laughed at the thought: No one was less diplomatic than Joe Kennedy. But fine, let him hang himself. And so, in l938, the Kennedys arrived in London to a roaring welcome. No one had ever seen such a large and dazzling brood. The eldest son, Joe Jr. and Jack stayed back at Harvard, but the rest of the children became social stars there, including Jean, who at age 10 attended a boarding school outside London. (The choice seems stern, but Jean never complained: No whining was the family rule.) Even Rosemary, third of the nine, managed at age 20 to get through her social debut despite a mental handicap that left her ever further behind her siblings. Jean, unsurprisingly, says nothing about the circumstances surrounding the end of her father’s ambassadorship  —   that his pleas for appeasement with Hitler had outlasted even Chamberlain’s. She does note that Rosemary stayed on with her father when Britain declared war on Germany and the rest of the family went home. “Dad felt he needed to stay in England, . ’u2008. ’u2008. and she was doing so well at a school there, better than she ever had before. ” Yet two years later, Papa Kennedy decided that Rosemary should have a new and promising but radical treatment: a frontal lobotomy. Jean omits any mention of it in her narrative. Only in an epilogue  —   could it have been at an editor’s insistence?  —   does she acknowledge that the operation went “tragically wrong,” leaving Rosemary with difficulties walking or communicating. In the Kennedy clan, each older sibling was made guardian of a younger one. Jean’s guardian was Joe Jr. oldest and most promising of the lot. Vividly, she recalls the summer day in l944 when two priests came up the driveway with news that Joe, a Navy pilot, had been killed in action. Jean recalls riding her bike to church to cry and pray, then going to the local hospital where she worked as a volunteer. “What else could I do?” Four years later, death took a second of the nine: Kathleen, or Kick, whose small plane went down over France. Kick’s lover, a dashing (and married) Brit, was with her, having pushed the pilot to brave an oncoming storm. Greater depths, for all these tragedies, simply go unplumbed. The Kennedys have never been ones for public expressions of grief. Jean ends her memoir on the high note of Jack’s presidency, after introducing her college roommate Ethel Skakel to Bobby (“The rest is history”) marrying the businessman and political strategist Stephen Smith, and doing all she can with her siblings to get Jack elected. Left to the epilogue are the assassinations, along with Joe’s devastating stroke. Of later painful episodes  —   Chappaquiddick, her son William Kennedy Smith’s rape trial, Teddy’s brain cancer, her sister Patricia Lawford’s fight with cancer and more  —   there is no mention. We can rue how much goes unsaid here, even about those Hyannis Port summers of the l930s and l940s. Or we can concede that the last Kennedy of her generation has the right to tell the story she wishes, and let it go at that. Slim as this volume is, it still makes for engaging reading  —   say, on a front porch by the sea, in that quiet time after lunch when the Kennedy children, at their parents’ insistence, read in their rooms every day, before the years when they lit up the sky.",0
14004,Trump Rolls Back Two Obama-Era Education Regulations - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump signed legislation Monday that rolls back two   education regulations  —   one regarding teacher training programs and another regarding requirements for states in meeting directives of the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). [Trump signed H. J. Res. 58, which overturns the U. S. Education Department’s (USED) rule that relates to how teacher training programs are assessed. Additionally, the president signed H. J. Res. 57, which nullifies USED’s rule relating to state accountability requirements under ESSA.  The teacher training program requirement, part of the Higher Education Act, mandated states to rate training programs for teachers each year based, in part, on student outcome measures. The Washington Post describes the Obama rule as “broadly unpopular”: Teachers unions said the regulations wrongly tied ratings of   programs to the performance of teachers’ students on standardized tests colleges and states argued that the rules were onerous and expensive, and many Republicans argued that Obama’s Education Department had overstepped the bounds of executive authority. The ESSA rule concerned states’ accountability in identifying failing schools and reporting their plans for improving them to the federal government.. In his remarks about these two House joint resolutions, Trump said they “eliminate harmful burdens on state and local taxes on school systems that could have cost states hundreds of millions of dollars. ” “So it’s the states and   school systems, and that was very important,” the president added. “Parents, teachers, communities, and state leaders know the needs of their students better than anyone in Washington by far. So we’re removing these additional layers of bureaucracy to encourage more freedom and innovation in our schools. ” The   Congress and Trump are overturning some   rules and regulations via the Congressional Review Act.",0
14005,Tesla’s Solar Roof To Cost Less Than Normal Roof Says Elon Musk,"Tesla's Solar Roof To Cost Less Than Normal Roof Says Elon Musk Nov 18, 2016 23 0 
Wonderful news for the solar and renewable energy industry keeps coming in. Yesterday, Tesla and SolarCity shareholders approved Tesla’s acquisition of SolarCity, with 85% of the voters in favor. Depiction of a solar roofed home. 
However, the big news of the day came when Elon Musk said that the cost to install their solar roofs will likely be less than a normal roof, even before adding in the electricity savings that will be gained from the homeowner: 
“It’s looking quite promising that a solar roof will actually cost less than a normal roof before you even take in the value of electricity into account. So the basic proposition would be, ‘Would you like a roof that looks better than a normal roof, lasts twice as long, costs less and by the way generates electricity?’ It’s like, why would you get anything else?” 
A few weeks ago, Elon Musk unveiled Tesla’s plan for their solar roofs which he presented a couple weeks ago. The plans include four different types, which can be seen in detail here . The solar cells are tucked in behind the glass so that the roofs look appealing, sharp and clean. 
Musk also said that the glass tiles can incorporate heating elements that melt snow while still generating electricity. He stated further that such a process wouldn’t be energy intensive to do so, but would be extremely net positive. 
The four types of roofs are expected to be available in 2017, starting with 1-2 of them from the beginning. Tesla is also planning to unveil the Model 3 in 2017 , which will be much less expensive than the Model X and Model S. Tesla’s goal with the Model 3 is to make this type of vehicle available to a wider audience. 
With good reason too, as renewable energy is experiencing much momentum right now in the world. As we reported four days ago, Tesla made more money in one quarter this year than all U.S. oil companies made together last year. Jointly due to falling oil prices and the global awakening to the need for renewable energy, these oil companies actually lost over $67 billion last year. 
Additionally, it was announced in the UK recently that for the first time ever, solar power supplied more energy to the UK this summer than coal-generated electricity. 
Also, back in September, China, Russia, Japan and South Korea announced plans to create the Asian Super-Grid , which will consist of wind and solar energy to help power those countries, as well as places in Europe, Southern Africa and Southeast Asia. 
2017 is shaping up to be quite a year in many different regards. For renewable energy, the year and years ahead look extremely bright. If Tesla can indeed get their solar roof price below regular roofing prices, this will catalyze humanity’s transition into clean, sustainable and renewable energy very quickly. Let’s intend for the best! 
Lance Schuttler graduated from the University of Iowa with a degree in Health Science and does health coaching through his website Orgonlight Health . You can follow the Orgonlight Health facebook page or visit the website for more information and other inspiring articles.",0
14007,Remain Supporters Instrumental in Emergence of EU Army,"Home | World | Remain Supporters Instrumental in Emergence of EU Army Remain Supporters Instrumental in Emergence of EU Army By Rhea Lemming 03/11/2016 20:09:43 
Who do you think you're kidding Mr. Juncker? 
LONDON – England – When it comes to low information voters who do not have much knowledge of what they are voting for, or the EU, Remain voters and supporters fit the bill very succinctly. 

These Remain people are more concerned about roaming charges on their mobile phones in the continent than any serious issues that the EU is forcing on Britain. 
Brainwashed Remain voters are easily led sheep who would willingly go over a cliff because of their entrenched EU programming and their devout hatred of Britain. 
Jean Claude Juncker’s EU army is already on a roll, and the Remain supporters are unknowingly bringing forth this fascistic monster into plain sight. 
Not only is an EU army a threat to NATO but is seen as a direct threat by Russia right on their doorstep. 
By staying in the EU, the UK’s armed forces would be forced to cede control to a Brussels high command. 
The EU army already has an advanced control structure developed and is ready to go to the next level where all EU nations would be forced to commit their armed forces under a single EU military force. 
So when your sons and daughters are called up to have their limbs blown off on the battlefield, you can stop your Remoaning — you fully supported remaining in the EU. Share on :",0
14008,Congress: Attorney General Lynch ‘Pleads Fifth’ on Secret Iran ‘Ransom’ Payments,"Congress: Attorney General Lynch ‘Pleads Fifth’ on Secret Iran ‘Ransom’ Payments   Free Beacon 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon . 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response , Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch’s behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran. 
The response from the attorney general’s office is “unacceptable” and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to “essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her] role in providing cash to the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism,” Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch, according to a copy obtained by the Free Beacon . 
The inquiry launched by the lawmakers is just one of several concurrent ongoing congressional probes aimed at unearthing a full accounting of the administration’s secret negotiations with Iran.",0
14009,Fictional New York City Apartments Get Real - The New York Times,"What I love about Marnie’s studio apartment in Chinatown on HBO’s “Girls” is that I used to have one a lot like it, with a shower in the kitchen and a bathroom in a closet. At some point before I moved in, someone had neatly tacked sheets to the ceiling to hide, I don’t know, probably a really terrible ceiling. I shared the place, a poor excuse for a   in Little Italy, with a roommate, so it was larger than Marnie’s 250 square feet. The biggest difference was I lived there in 1999, when everyone was busy watching Carrie Bradshaw bound up the picturesque steps of her Upper East Side brownstone on “Sex and the City. ” Remember her   closet? What freelancer has a   closet? Even then, I knew it was absurd. But I could will myself to believe in it, because my friends could still afford to live in neighborhoods like Williamsburg and Fort Greene, Brooklyn, where the telltale markers of gentrification  —   construction cranes,    restaurants and soaring rents  —   had yet to take hold. But the real estate landscape has shifted so profoundly over the last two decades that this generation’s    occupies a very different kind of space. And it is one that keeps shrinking, which is why Desi, Marnie’s hapless husband, frantically builds a wall down the middle of Marnie’s tiny studio to try to save their crumbling marriage. “Welcome to your new   apartment,” he says, to her horror. As rising rents squeeze young New Yorkers, the TV apartment has become grittier, dirtier and ever more cramped. You could almost say it is angry. A generation ago, Carrie could whine about the size of a closet in a $   apartment in the episode where she goes apartment hunting after being threatened with eviction. “I pay $750 for something that’s twice the size!” she laments. The broker is unmoved. Carrie, of course, has what most New Yorkers could only dream about, then and now: a   apartment. Now we have Abbi on Comedy Central’s “Broad City,”   with Pam, the broker in a neck brace. Abbi’s options include “a beautiful   apartment in your budget” that is bright green, has no bathroom and might actually be a hallway. But it sure beats the place with the   walls. “You guys know that television show ‘Friends?’ ” Pam asks as she jimmies the door with a penknife. “Here’s this place. ” What Abbi finds inside is the antithesis of the “Friends” apartment: austere, soulless and stark white, except, of course, for the blood spatter, remnants of an apparent double murder. “More good news! The walls are super thick,” Pam says. As you will recall, the “Friends” apartment, shared by a young barista and a struggling chef, was a palatial   with amusing purple walls in the West Village. Even in 1994, few of us were fooled by the “Friends” fantasy, but we ran with it anyway. Television has become smarter since then  —   viewers expect more rawness. Well, maybe they expect more truth. It just happens to be raw. But dig deeper and shows like “Broad City” and “Girls” tell a different    story, one that is experienced in the shadow of the worst economic recession since the Great Depression. The characters on these shows are part of a generation burdened by student loan debt and stagnating wages. Netflix’s “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” doesn’t get a place with a   balcony in the happening West Village. For her, there’s a grim garden apartment reached by a dicey set of steps in far Greenpoint, Brooklyn. “Younger generations are having to face this reality,” said Lindsay T. Graham, a psychologist at the Center for the Built Environment at the University of California, Berkeley. “When you see shows where the characters are existing in these sorts of struggles, I think that that’s actually comforting. ” We’ve traded crown molding for blooming mold in the bathroom. Furniture is worn and stained. None of the throw pillows match. “We make sure there’s no bedbugs and then we use it,” said Angelique Clark, “Broad City’s” production designer, about choosing furnishings for the set. The walls have been painted countless times, and Abbi definitely did not choose the puke green of the hallway wall of her   apartment in Astoria, Queens. But the grime and the lack of space are the point. At a rent party that Abbi’s friend Ilana hosts, she trips over her guests as she tries to shield them from the rats that have overrun her      in Gowanus, Brooklyn. “We were just trying to capture a New York that was more realistic to us,” Ilana Glazer told me during a phone call with Abbi Jacobson, her “Broad City”   and  . “We crack up looking at the ‘Friends’ set. It’s like a play, facing the audience. ” Although Marnie’s studio in Chinatown could have been modeled on my sad pad, its inspiration was an apartment the show’s art director once rented. “People can watch and be like, ‘Oh, yeah, I had an apartment like that,’ ” said Matt Munn, the production designer for “Girls. ” New York has never been kind to young people just starting out. But in recent years, it has become downright cruel. In early 1996, when “Friends” was in its second season, the median rent in Manhattan was $2, 000 a month. Over the next 20 years, it jumped 67 percent to $3, 344 a month in early 2016, according to Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel. But while that may seem like an enormous increase, adjust those numbers for inflation, and the median rent in 1996 would have been $3, 645 a month, or 9 percent more than it is today. “Rents are actually somewhat lower than they were in the mid 1990s,” Mr. Miller said. “But because wages have leveled off, it doesn’t feel that way. ” Young people between the ages of 18 and 29 earned about 20 percent less in real wages in 2014 than they would have earned in 2000, according to a report by the city comptroller. Also, Brooklyn  —   at least the parts seen as hip alternatives to Manhattan  —   is no longer cheaper. The flow of young professionals looking for housing led to a   rise in rents in those areas, while displacing many of the people who were living there. Consider Williamsburg, the epicenter of Brooklyn gentrification. A 1996 New York Times article about the neighborhood reported that rent for a   started at around $700 a month. According to Mr. Miller, the minimum starting rent for a   is now around $1, 832 a month. Grim reality brings us to “The Holdouts,” a web series about a grumpy guy named Kevin who lives in a rundown   apartment in Hell’s Kitchen. It is described as “a comedy about New Yorkers who can’t afford to live in New York anymore. ” The concept appears to have struck a nerve. It took less than a month for the creators to raise $35, 790 on Kickstarter in June to begin producing episodes. Filming began this month, and next month we will be able to watch the pilot episode in which Kevin resists his landlord’s overtures to buy him out. “He is living in the past,” Stephen Girasuolo, one of the show’s creators, said of Kevin. “You could sort of say, ‘Dude, maybe you should sort of let it go.’ ”",0
14010,State Department Informants Tip Clinton Campaign Off To NYT Email Investigation,"1 comment 
Gee, the State Department and Hillary Clinton’s campaign seem really cozy don’t they? If I’m not mistaken, not only is this unethical, it’s illegal. Last year, the State Department tipped off the Clinton campaign that a New York Times reporter was digging into her email scandal. The State Department had claimed that they had not worked to help Clinton during the whole corrupt mess. Guess what? They lied. 
Mike Schmidt is the reporter that broke the original story on the Hildabeast using a private email account and a home brewed server. They were keeping tabs on the guy and running to the Clinton campaign to report on what he was doing so they could head it off at the pass. That’s called collusion. The State Department should go under immediate review and heads should roll over this. What blatant corruption. 
From The Daily Caller: 
The State Department tipped the Hillary Clinton campaign off last year that a New York Times reporter was asking questions about Clinton’s emails. 
The revelation undermines the State Department’s claims that it has not worked to help Clinton during the ongoing email scandal. 
“State just called to tell me that Mike Schmidt seems to have what appear to be summaries of some of the exchanges in the 300 emails the committee has,” Nick Merrill wrote in a March 14, 2015 email . 
Schmidt is the Times reporter who broke the news that Clinton used a private email account as secretary of state. The article was published on March 2, 2015. Clinton had turned more than 50,000 emails over to the State Department in Dec. 2014. The State Department then provided around 300 emails to the House Select Committee on Benghazi, which was chaired by South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy. 
The emails seem to indicate that Clinton’s team suspected Trey Gowdy of leaking the contents of Clinton’s emails to Schmidt. “Again, it appears that he does not have the email but that someone, likely from the committee, is slipping him cherry-picked characterizations of the exchanges,” Merrill wrote. “I haven’t heard directly from Schmidt yet but will circle back when I do.” Other Clinton campaign officials were not pleased with the news. In fact, they were pissed and went on a war footing over it. 
“This is no bueno,” communications director Jennifer Palmieri wrote. “This is some kind of bullshit.” “If Gowdy is doing selective leaks, we are in very different kind of warfare.” This exchange was of course exposed by WikiLeaks… man, the Hildabeast must really hate those guys. 
And it gets even worse. Another email sent days before Schmidt published his first bombshell report on the Clinton emails, shows that Democrats on the Benghazi Committee also tipped off the Democrat’s team that the reporter was snooping around. There’s not a damned one of these Democrats that have any honor. Not one. “Talked to [Clinton attorney Heather Samuelson] late afternoon aand [sic] told her I’d heard from Dem Staff Director on Benghazi Select Comm that NYT was sniffing around, maybe to do a story on State production to Committee or on our production to State,” Clinton lawyer David Kendall wrote on Feb. 28th, 2015. 
“I’d gotten a call from NYT’s Mike Schmidt (very young) about 2:00 pm–said nothing on background or on record. I didn’t feel he had anything, but. We may get a further inquiry from him over weekend.” This indicates to me that these idiots had no idea how big the NYT’s story would be. 
Kendall also wrote that Schmidt attempted to get him to hand over copies of Clinton’s emails that had already been produced for the Benghazi Committee. “He knew that some of the HRC dox had been produced — wasn’t sure if they all had been. He knew that State had asked other former SOS’s for their emails but didn’t know what the response was. I couldn’t tell what his likely angle was (and even if he had one),” Kendall wrote. 
This isn’t the first time there has been dirty dealings between the State Department and other government agencies with Team Clinton. It surely won’t be the last. Our government definitely needs an enema. Related Items Terresa Monroe-Hamilton 
Terresa Monroe-Hamilton owns and blogs at NoisyRoom.net . She is a Constitutional Conservative and NoisyRoom focuses on political and national issues of interest to the American public. Terresa is the editor at Trevor Loudon's site, New Zeal - trevorloudon.com . She also does research at KeyWiki.org . You can . NoisyRoom can be found on Facebook and on Twitter .",0
14011,Two US Citizens Arrested in Tunisia for Ties to Daesh,"0 35 3 0 Two unnamed Americans were reportedly arrested in northern Tunisia on Tuesday, on suspicion of having ties to the terrorist group. 
The brothers, aged 32 and 33, were born in Michigan and were arrested near the Algerian border. © Photo: Youtube/PressTV Documentaries US Not Ruling Out Daesh Involvement in Afghanistan Offensive They claimed to be in the North African country studying computer science at the University of Jendouba, according to a Tunisian Interior Ministry spokesman. 
TunisiaLive reported that neighbors in the area where the brothers were renting a house alerted police to suspicious behavior. An investigation revealed that the two men were not students, but instead recent converts to Islam who had jihadist materials on their computers and wanted Tunisia to be placed under sharia law. They were described as unwashed and heavily bearded. Other reports show their laptops contained calls to Jihad and plans to blow up several institutions, and that both men had stamps from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in their passports. 
One of the brothers recently married a Tunisian woman from Borj Louzir, Ariana. The marriage is considered ""urfi,"" meaning a religious marriage not recognized by the Tunisian government. The wife was arrested in Lafeyette,Tunis, on Tuesday afternoon. 
Daesh-affiliated gunmen conducted several major attacks in Tunisia last year, and the country has had difficulty keeping militants coming from Libya at bay. 
After being detained in Jendouba, the men are set to appear in court, according to the Interior official. ...",0
14012,"Kenny Baker, the R2-D2 Robot in ‘Star Wars,’ Dies at 81 - The New York Times","Kenny Baker, the British actor best known for playing the robot   in six “Star Wars” films, died on Saturday at his home in northwest England. He was 81. His death was confirmed by a spokeswoman for Lucasfilm, the company that created and produces the enormously popular “Star Wars” franchise. The Associated Press reported that a nephew, Drew Myerscough, said he found Mr. Baker dead at his home in the town of Preston. Mr. Baker was a little person whose adult height was widely reported to be 3 feet 8 inches. He referred to his short stature as “my height difficulties” in an autobiographical sketch on his official website, but it would have been impossible for a taller man to play the role that made him famous. “They said, ‘You’ve got to do it we can’t find anybody else. You’re small enough to get into it and you’re strong enough to be able to move it,’” he said of  ’s cylindrical metal costume in a video interview in Stockholm that he shared on his site. “I was a godsend to them, really. ” Mr. Baker was born on Aug. 24, 1934, in Birmingham, England. He began his entertainment career in 1950 as part of a traveling troupe in Britain called Burton Lester’s Midgets. He soon left that act and toured the country for many years, performing in theaters, nightclubs and holiday resorts in a variety of roles: circus clown, performer in an   show and, later, part of a musical comedy and variety act alongside the performer Jack Purvis. (Mr. Purvis, who died in 1997, was also in “Star Wars,” as the cloaked Chief Jawa, who shoots and played roles in the second and third “Star Wars” films as well.) The traveling act brought Mr. Baker financial security and a measure of fame in Britain, but it was an entertainment ecosystem that was wiped out by the invention of television. Then came  . That role began with the first “Star Wars” movie, released in 1977  —   and now officially known as “Star Wars: Episode IV  —   A New Hope”  —   but it was a part he almost did not take. “This film came along and I turned it down,” Mr. Baker said in the Stockholm interview. “I said, ‘I don’t want to be stuck in a robot, what for, for goodness sake. ’” He ultimately relented and, he said, agreed to take the job as a favor to George Lucas. The role had no lines  —   the character’s signature beeps and boops were not voiced by Mr. Baker  —   and, seated inside the robot, he never showed his face. But   so changed his career that in later years he told an interviewer that if he could go back in time, he would do it again without pay. “Had I known I would have done it for nothing because he was broke at the beginning, he didn’t have a penny, George,” Mr. Baker said. But he might have asked for a share of the film’s profits, he added, referring to the celebrated British actor who played   Kenobi. “I’d be a millionaire like Alec Guinness was!” Mr. Lucas said in a statement on Saturday that Mr. Baker was “an incredible trooper who always worked hard under difficult circumstances. ” “A talented vaudevillian who could always make everybody laugh, Kenny was truly the heart and soul of   and will be missed by all his fans and everyone who knew him,” he added. Mr. Baker played   in six “Star Wars” films: the original, its two sequels, and the prequels released in 1999, 2002 and 2005. He also appeared in a number of other   movies, including “Mona Lisa,” “The Hunchback of Notre Dame,” “Time Bandits” and “Amadeus. ” No information about his survivors was immediately available. His niece Abigail Shield first reported his death to the British newspaper The Guardian.",0
14013,18 State Swat Team Drill In Prep for Backlash Against a Stolen Election,"

Paul Martin, through his sources has learned of an 18 state Swat Team Drill. The drill is exceptionally covert but The Common Sense Show has learned that the intent of the drill is centralize and coordinate martial law activities over a large swath of states at the same time.
It is apparent that the election is going to be stolen and the establishment and their minions are expecting a violent backlash. Remember, both the New York Times and the Washington Post contacted Dave Hodges and Mike Adams fishing for information regarding any potential headlines related to a planned violent backlash should Clinton steal the election.
More on this coming suppression of the will of the people is included in the following video.

P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
",0
14014,How ‘Brexit’ Will Affect Travel to Europe - The New York Times,"In the height of the summer travel season, Britain voted to exit the European Union, scrambling markets as well as the political picture. What happens in the aftermath of “Brexit,” as it is known, is far from clear, but American travelers heading abroad will see some immediate effects. How does the Brexit vote affect Americans traveling to Europe and Britain? The most immediate effect is in the exchange rates between the dollar and the British pound, which has recorded its lowest rate in about 30 years after the results of the vote were published, providing American travelers a discount on prices paid throughout Britain. “Since yesterday, you get a lot more bang for your buck in the U. K.,” said Zach Honig, editor in chief at ThePointsGuy. com, which covers travel and incentives. “For lots of people, London is traditionally an expensive tourist destination, and with this shift the U. K. and specifically London probably are now within reach for a lot of U. S.  travelers. ” The dollar has also improved against the euro, making travel within countries using the euro cheaper. Is it a good time to book air travel? Yes, but it has been so for the last six weeks, according to George Hobica, the founder of Airfarewatchdog. com. “Airfares to Europe have been plummeting, especially for late summer travel, after the college kids go back to school around Aug. 28 and onward,” he said, noting that fares to Europe from the United States were appearing as low as $400 and $500    . “It may have been an anticipation of Brexit, but we don’t know,” he said. “It’s probably also the fact that the euro and the pound were drifting lower, and that means that fewer people were flying from Europe to the U. S. and the airlines had to fill those seats with people flying from the U. S. to Europe. ” Two to three years ago, he said summer airfares to Europe were running in the $1, 800 range. Current deals, said Gary Leff, the author of the travel blog Viewfromthewing. com, are “a function of some growth in capacity and some of the    seats on carriers like Norwegian. And it’s what we all expected, with some lag, due to lower fuel prices. It’s been inexpensive, and now it’s inexpensive to be there, thanks to the currency. ” Will I get a better deal on a tour or package to Europe or Britain now? Maybe. It’s early days, but if exchange rates hold and travel softens within Europe and Britain, expect more enticing travel offers. “Usually when these things happen, the travel industry response is to bring people in,” said Mike Stitt, the North American president of Travelzoo, a publisher of travel deals. “The real area I would watch for are vacation deals. There are packaging companies and tour operators who work with airlines and hotels and can put together strong deals to entice U. S. travelers. ” When these deals might surface is unknown but probably later this year, assuming exchange rates hold. Will my experience at the U. K. or European borders change as a result of Brexit? No. Americans must still present a valid passport when entering European   countries as well as Britain. When the dust settles and Britain is extracted from the European Union, which most believe will take some years, it is travelers from European and U. K. countries who may experience more hassles at foreign borders. One area of uncertainty is Northern Ireland. A member of the U. K. Northern Ireland shares a   border with the Republic of Ireland now. No passports are required for transit between the two countries, which, though both were members of the European Union, use different currencies. With Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union, the Ireland and Northern Ireland border would now represent a frontier between the U. K. and the European Union, though what form that would take is unknown. As Ireland’s Prime Minister Enda Kenny wrote in The Guardian this week, “What is not easy to quantify and mitigate is the psychological effect of a hardening border on the island. My fear is that it would play into an old narrative  —   one of division, isolation and difference. ” Will there be any effects felt in the travel industry in the United States? That’s another unknown, but the decline of the pound relative to the dollar could affect incoming visitors from Britain who tend to visit popular destinations like New York, Miami, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago. “If British tourists, because of currency fluctuations, change their plans or don’t come to U. S. you may see some ability to get some better prices in some cities,” said Mr. Stitt of Travelzoo. “We’re seeing a little of that effect now with the Canadian travelers. As their currency has plummeted against the dollar, Canadians are staying home. ”",0
14015,"Run on a Ticket With Donald Trump? No, Thanks, Many Republicans Say - The New York Times","It’s a   tradition for politicians to deny any interest in the vice presidency. But this year, with the possibility of Donald J. Trump as the Republican nominee, they really mean it. “Never,” said Chris Schrimpf, a spokesman for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, who is still running against Mr. Trump. “No chance. ” “Hahahahahahahahaha,” wrote Sally Bradshaw, a senior adviser to Jeb Bush, when asked if he would consider it. “Scott Walker has a visceral negative reaction to Trump’s character,” said Ed Goeas, a longtime adviser to the Wisconsin governor. Or, as Senator Lindsey Graham put it, “That’s like buying a ticket on the Titanic. ” A remarkable range of leading Republicans, including Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina and Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, have been emphatic publicly or with their advisers and allies that they do not want to be considered as Mr. Trump’s running mate. The recoiling amounts to a rare rebuke for a  : Politicians usually signal that they are not interested politely through back channels, or submit to the selection process, if only to burnish their national profiles. But Mr. Trump has a singular track record of picking fights with obvious potential running mates like Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who has indicated a lack of interest in the vice presidency generally and has yet to reconcile with Mr. Trump publicly. Ms. Haley and another potential pick, Gov. Susana Martinez of New Mexico, have sharply criticized Mr. Trump at recent party gatherings and do not want to be associated with his   tone, according to advisers and close associates who have spoken with these Republicans. Several Republican consultants said their clients were concerned that Mr. Trump’s unusually high unfavorable ratings with all voters and his unpopularity among women and Hispanics could doom him as a general election candidate and damage their own future political prospects if they were on his ticket. Still, elected officials do have a way of coming around to the vice presidency, and Mr. Trump said in an interview on Saturday that he was in the early stages of mending fences and building deeper relationships with leading Republicans. And in a sign of growing acceptance that Mr. Trump is their likely nominee, several Republicans made it clear that they would join him on the ticket because they think he can win, or because they regard the call to serve as their duty. Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, as well as Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, said in interviews that they would consider joining the ticket if Mr. Trump offered. Two governors, Chris Christie of New Jersey and Mary Fallin of Oklahoma, have also told allies that they were open to being Mr. Trump’s running mate. “If a potential president says I need you, it would be very hard for a patriotic citizen to say no,” Mr. Gingrich said. “People can criticize a nominee, but ultimately there are very few examples of people turning down the vice presidency. ” Mr. Trump, who could well become the presumptive Republican nominee on Tuesday by winning the Indiana primary, is just starting to mull   prospects and has no favorite in mind, he said in the interview. Mr. Trump said he wanted someone with “a strong political background, who was well respected on the Hill, who can help me with legislation, and who could be a great president. ” He declined to discuss potential picks in any detail, but he briefly praised three governors as possible contenders  —   Mr. Kasich, Mr. Christie and Rick Scott of Florida  —   and said he would also consider candidates who were women, black or Hispanic. (A spokeswoman for Mr. Scott said he was focused on being governor.) Asked if he was surprised about the array of Republicans who are uncomfortable being his running mate, Mr. Trump said: “I don’t care. Whether people support or endorse me or not, it makes zero influence on the voters. Historically, people don’t vote based on who is vice president. I want someone who can help me govern. ” A cross section of leading Republicans agree that his most sensible choice would be an experienced female governor or senator, given that he would most likely face Hillary Clinton in November and need support from a majority of white women to offset her strong support among blacks and Hispanics. Yet Mrs. Clinton is currently ahead of Mr. Trump with white women by   percentages, according to a recent CBS poll. The pool of Republican women in major offices is relatively small, and Mr. Trump has already alienated some of them. Governor Haley denounced him for not quickly disavowing support from the former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, and Governor Martinez has criticized his remarks about Hispanics. Both governors endorsed Senator Rubio for president a Martinez spokesman said she “isn’t interested in serving as vice president,” while a Haley spokesman declined to comment. “There are some Republicans who would’ve said yes to running with Romney or McCain or Bush but would say no to Trump,” said Curt Anderson, a Republican strategist, referring to the party’s last three presidential nominees. “The issue is, no one knows what we’re dealing with here. Is it possible that Trump faces a historic landslide loss? Sure. Is it possible he beats the hell out of Clinton? Sure. No one knows  —   no one has predicted Trump right for a long time. ” Even Governor Fallin of Oklahoma, who has not ruled out running with Mr. Trump, has expressed uncertainty about what he would be like as a leader, according to close associates who have spoken to her. Ms. Fallin, in a brief statement, would not discuss Mr. Trump, but said the nation’s challenges were too great for “business as usual” political solutions. “Any discussion of other service I might be asked to offer to my country is flattering but premature,” she said. David Winston, a veteran Republican pollster, said Mr. Trump’s first challenge in finding a running mate was lowering his unfavorability ratings of 60 percent or more, because prominent politicians would not want to join his ticket if he cannot turn those figures around. Mr. Winston dismissed the notion  —   put forward by some Trump advisers  —   that the candidate could improve his ratings by picking a woman, a Hispanic, or other figure with demographic appeal. “He simply won’t be able to convince any   candidate to run with him if he can’t get those unfavorable numbers down,” Mr. Winston said. Mr. Trump’s best hope may be Republican enmity for Mrs. Clinton, some Republicans strategists said. They predicted that Mr. Trump would ultimately have more options than his skeptics might assume because Republicans will ultimately unify in June and July with a deep and shared determination to beat her, and the traditional thrill of being considered for vice president could then kick in. “I think he may have more choices than many people would suspect, because a lot of people will be flattered to be asked,” said Russ Schriefer, a Republican adviser to the Romney campaign in 2012 and to Mr. Christie during his 2016 presidential bid. Mr. Schriefer emphasized that he had not talked to Mr. Christie about the vice presidency, but other Christie confidants said that he supported Mr. Trump strongly and would be willing to consider the No. 2 spot. A Christie spokesman, asked about the governor’s willingness, pointed to Mr. Christie’s response about the vice presidency at a recent news conference, where he said he would evaluate the offer “for any position in government. ” As a political novice, Mr. Trump will be widely judged on whom he chooses  —   and how and why he chooses the person  —   because voters and other Republican leaders will look to his pick to evaluate his priorities for the kind of advisers he would want as president. “This is a big deal because it’s the first major decision he’ll be making as the nominee, and it’s important that the American public see his   process and how he goes through making such a big decision,” said Scott W. Reed, the U. S. Chamber of Commerce’s senior strategist. Other than elected officials, Mr. Trump also said he was open to people with deep national security experience  —   which some Republicans think should be his top criterion. “What Donald Trump needs is the most experienced, most qualified foreign policy mind in Washington, and somebody that would immediately bring calm to the choppy political waters that always seem to be around him,” said Joe Scarborough, a former Republican congressman from Florida who now hosts “Morning Joe” on MSNBC. He suggested Robert M. Gates, the former defense secretary, but was more circumspect when asked if he was willing to be Mr. Trump’s running mate himself. “I definitely have a lot of strong opinions about who it should be. (Not me! !),” wrote Mr. Scarborough, who served on the House Armed Services Committee and who has a good relationship with Mr. Trump. Other Republicans were more open about joining Mr. Trump on the ticket. Senator Sessions, who is advising Mr. Trump on foreign policy, said he would send his personal tax information to the Trump campaign if it wanted to vet him. Mr. Carson, who was a Republican presidential candidate and battled with Mr. Trump before dropping out and endorsing him, said he would prefer to remain an outside adviser to Mr. Trump, but added that he was willing to join the ticket if he would “bring something that other people wouldn’t bring. ” For others, the singular experience of being vice president in a Trump administration is still hard to imagine. Buttonholed on Capitol Hill last week, two prominent Republican senators, Tim Scott of South Carolina and Susan Collins of Maine, almost giggled when asked if they would be Mr. Trump’s running mate. “I’m not waiting by my phone,” Ms. Collins said. Mr. Scott, whose appeal as a black Republican could be an advantage for Mr. Trump, repeatedly sidestepped whether he would be willing to run with Mr. Trump. Finally, asked if he would not rule himself out, he replied, “I’m not ruling myself in. ”",0
14016,"German Prosecutors Side With Satire, Not Turkish President - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   In the end, German prosecutors decided that a satirical poem was just that, an act of hyperbole in the name of art  —   not a criminal attempt to insult a foreign leader, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. An announcement Tuesday by state prosecutors in the western city of Mainz that they were dropping charges against Jan Böhmermann, who read aloud a   poem about Mr. Erdogan on   TV in March, brought to a partial close an international dispute over freedoms of speech and artistic expression that had threatened to unravel a major diplomatic deal and drove the German comedian underground for weeks. In a lengthy statement, prosecutors said their investigation, begun in April, had failed to turn up sufficient evidence of criminal intent on the part of Mr. Böhmermann, 35, an   voice of Germany’s millennials. Instead, they determined that “it is characteristic of the art form of satire and caricature to work with exaggeration, distortion and disassociation. ” Mr. Böhmermann, who returned to the screen in May after a hiatus  —   albeit without further mention of Turkey, or Turkish politics  —   said on Twitter that he would respond to the ruling on Wednesday. His lawyer, however, criticized Chancellor Angela Merkel for initially calling his poem “deliberately offensive. ” Ms. Merkel later apologized for her first comments about the poem, calling her response “a mistake. ” She nevertheless allowed the Turkish leader to pursue his legal suit against Mr. Böhmermann under a     law, declaring her faith that the protections provided under Germany’s Constitution would prove themselves in the end. The dispute over the poem earned the chancellor criticism that she was abandoning Europe’s core vales of free expression. It came only weeks after she helped orchestrate a deal between the European Union and Turkey aimed at preventing migrants and refugees from reaching Europe’s shores by boat in return for billions in aid to Turkey and other concessions. Weeks earlier, Mr. Erdogan’s government had seized the opposition newspaper Zaman. His objection to the poem caused fears among many Germans that he was seeking to extend his repression of free speech beyond the borders of his own country. The prosecutors upheld the argument of Mr. Böhmermann and the producer of his show, the public broadcaster ZDF, that the poem was satire. “An average,   public could expect that any comments made there would involve exaggeration and hyperbole and lack in seriousness,” their statement said. And they said Mr. Erdogan appeared to have been aware of this fact because he frequently referred to Mr. Böhmermann’s television show as a “nonsense program. ” The decision was resoundingly welcomed by journalists and widely celebrated by many Germans over social media. “This is the only correct decision,” said Frank Überall, the head of the German Journalists Association. “It makes clear that in Germany, the freedom of satire is valued above the touchiness of an autocrat. ” Thomas Bellut, director of ZDF, welcomed the decision, noting that the detailed explanation makes clear “that an exceptionally high value is placed on the freedom of art and speech in our society. ” The Mainz prosecutors’ decision not to press charges will not affect a separate legal proceeding by a state court in the northern city of Hamburg, where Mr. Erdogan is seeking an injunction against the poem. That trial is expected to begin next month.",0
14018,President Obama Urges Mutual Respect From Protesters and Police - The New York Times,"MADRID  —   President Obama on Sunday urged those protesting the recent shootings of black men by police officers to avoid inflammatory words and actions, which he said would worsen tensions and set back their cause. “Whenever those of us who are concerned about fairness in the criminal justice system attack police officers, you are doing a disservice to the cause,” said Mr. Obama, speaking in Spain after a meeting with the country’s interim prime minister, Mariano Rajoy. Mr. Obama’s plea for a reasoned debate came on the last day of a trip to Spain and Poland. His visit was overshadowed, and abbreviated, by the wave of grief and anger convulsing the United States after the police shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota, and the killing of five police officers by a black gunman in Dallas. On Sunday, hours before he was to fly home a day earlier than planned, Mr. Obama found himself once again addressing this national tragedy, this time while sitting next to a European leader who was eager to talk about Spain’s close ties to the United States. One of the United States’ great virtues, Mr. Obama said, is its openness to protest and efforts to speak truth to power. While that process is often messy, he warned that harsh language would drive people on opposing sides to their corners, hardening positions and stalling a difficult but necessary debate over racial bias in the criminal justice system. Mr. Obama said the Black Lives Matter movement had grown out of a tradition that dated to the abolitionist movement, the women’s suffrage campaign and the protests against the war in Vietnam. In protest movements, he said, “there’s always going to be some folks who say things that are stupid or imprudent or   or are harsh. ” While Mr. Obama said it was unfair to characterize an entire movement by a few dissonant voices, he said inflammatory words could hinder legitimate efforts to reform the justice system. “Even rhetorically,” Mr. Obama said, “if we paint police officers with a broad brush  —   without recognizing that the vast majority of police officers are doing a really good job and are trying to protect people, and do so fairly and without racial bias  —   if the rhetoric does not recognize that, then we’re going to lose allies in the reform process. ” Likewise, he urged police organizations to treat protesters respectfully and to treat their grievances seriously. He repeated an observation he made after arriving in Poland on Friday: that reliable statistics prove there is bias in the criminal justice system. A respectful debate, Mr. Obama said, is “what’s going to ultimately help make the job of being a cop a lot safer. ” Mr. Obama also pledged again to bring together political leaders, civil rights advocates and law enforcement officials to try to devise solutions to this problem. He plans to travel on Tuesday to Dallas, where he will take part in an interfaith memorial service. “I’d like all sides to listen to each other,” he said. Mr. Obama’s secretary of homeland security, Jeh Johnson, echoed that message on Sunday as he appeared in a series of joint television interviews alongside New York City Police Commissioner William J. Bratton. Addressing the anxieties of Americans shaken by the shootings last week, Mr. Johnson said that it was “a time for healing,” but also a time to redouble efforts to build bridges between law enforcement and the communities they serve. “It’s a time to come together, to heal, to mourn, but to remember that the shooter is not reflective of the larger movement to bring about change that was out in Dallas to peaceably demonstrate,” Mr. Johnson said on CBS’s “Face the Nation. ” “And those who engage in excessive force in the law enforcement community are not reflective of the larger law enforcement community. ” Mr. Johnson strongly rejected the suggestion made by some critics that Mr. Obama and his administration had helped incite violence against the police by supporting Black Lives Matter activists. He reiterated in personal terms the legitimacy of the activists’ concerns while pledging continued federal support for local law enforcement. “Well, I’ve obviously got some experience with this as a parent and as somebody who’s been around,” Mr. Johnson said on CNN’s “State of the Union. ” “I’m 59 years old now,” he said, “and I’ve had my share of unpleasant encounters with law enforcement when I was much younger. ” Pressed for more details of those experiences, Mr. Johnson largely demurred, saying, “Well, you know, the type of road encounters that others have talked about. ” “But,” he added, “they do not reflect the actions of law enforcement in general. ”",0
14019,"We’ve got a Brexit plan for you called ‘F**k Off’, suggests Europe","We’ve got a Brexit plan for you called ‘F**k Off’, suggests Europe 16-11-16 
EU OFFICIALS say if Britain does not have a Brexit plan they can offer one titled ‘F**k Off’. 
The plan, which has been worked on by all 26 EU states, details exactly how, why and when Britain can leave the European Union and even what it can do with itself afterwards. 
European Council president Donald Tusk said: “When Theresa May pretended she had a Brexit plan that was just six sheets of blank A4, we were inspired to create this. 
“Fuck Off is a comprehensive plan, with clear instructions in 24 official languages and a few colourful regional dialects, which should leave the UK in no doubt about where it can go next. 
“It minimises any economic impact – to the rest of us – while increasing the benefits of free movement within the EU by making sure the Brits do not have any. 
“The UK should follow this plan absolutely to the letter, ideally while ensuring the door does not hit their arse on the way out.” 
Brexit secretary David Davis said: “Well, it’s better than no plan at all.” 
Share:",0
14020,Why our survival depends on the defeat of Jewish Power!,"784 Views Share: 
Dr. Duke and Dr. Slattery show why our survival totally depends on defeat of Jewish Power! 
Today Dr. Duke focused on the threat of Jews infiltrating and taking over movements with a potential to become a base for opposing Jewish power. The Alt-Right currently includes people who are extremely critical of Jewish power and those who either ignore it or downplay it. We must be wary of establishment efforts to parachute leaders into our movement who would focus attention away from the Jewish issue, whether it be Milo or Alex Jones. 
Dr. Slattery joined the show and recounted how Jews created a culture of self criticism in the 1960s among whites and then used the resulting environment to push through an immigration act that fundamentally transformed the demographics of the country to the extent that it took a miracle for whites simply to elect the President of their choice. 
This is an extremely informative and edifying show. Please share it widely. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
14021,This Guy Got Destroyed By the System,"by Simon Black, Sovereign Man : 
My friend Richard got destroyed by the system. 
As a financial advisor in Sacramento, California, he spent years building a thriving firm and has even landed a few celebrity clients. 
Richard did well for himself. Successful. Married. Wonderful kids. Financially secure. 
But back in 2008 things started to turn sour. 
His wife left him and took the kids, along with half of everything else. 
The divorce forced the liquidation of many of their assets, including a substantial investment portfolio he had built up. 
Richard didn’t want to sell; by the time the divorce was being fought, it was 2009 and the stock market had crashed. 
But Richard had no choice. They liquidated and suffered major losses. 
Most painfully, since Richard’s business was so successful, the judge ordered him to pay alimony of nearly $20,000 per month. 
It didn’t matter that, practically overnight, most of his new business had dried up due to the Great Recession. 
Thus began the long indentured servitude known as alimony. 
The idea behind alimony is to make sure that the ex-spouse can maintain a comfortable standard of living while s/he gets rebuilds a life and financial base. 
It shouldn’t be abused as a lottery ticket. 
In Richard’s case, it’s been 7+ long years and nearly $2 million in alimony paid. But the payments never stop. 
Even though the kids are now grown and out of the house, his ex-wife has zero incentive to go out and find a job to support herself. 
Why would she bother working hard when she can do nothing and collect $20k from her ex-husband? 
Yet due to the length of time they were married, and California’s ridiculous legal code, there’s no end in sight for Richard’s alimony payments. 
So Richard has the government taking 50% (between federal and state income tax) from his left pocket, and his wife taking nearly a quarter of a million dollars per year out of his right pocket. 
Naturally if he stops paying either one of them he’ll face the long arm of the law. 
Speaking of the law, the Dodd-Frank Act that was passed several years ago to reform the financial system totally crippled his business. 
It’s one of the costliest and most painful regulations ever created for financial services businesses, and Richard constantly has regulators breathing down his neck. 
It’s amazing. Despite taking half of his income, the government makes it increasingly difficult for Richard to produce. 
Richard turned 50 this year, and he was miserable. 
Instead of slowing down and enjoying life, he’d been working harder than ever to earn less than ever, with very little time left over to build a personal life for himself. 
His problems also started to manifest in other ways. He’d gained weight, and was drinking more, and I doubt he’d gone on a date since 2013. 
Sadly, Richard is not an isolated case. There are countless people across the country who have been destroyed by the system. 
He came to me for help earlier this year, which I was more than happy to extend. 
Initially we established a new financial advisory business for Richard in a more favorable jurisdiction. 
That jurisdiction was Puerto Rico. 
Under Puerto Rico’s generous incentive laws, Richard’s new firm is able to provide financial services for worldwide clients without the pain of onshore US regulations. 
It’s made things much easier for him so that he can focus on servicing his clients’ needs and winning new business, as opposed to filling out forms and pleasuring regulators. 
The new firm is growing rapidly as a result. And best of all, his Puerto Rico profits are taxed at just 4%, instead of the 50% he was paying in California. 
Richard still has the California business. And to reduce the taxes there, my advisors set him up with something called a “Captive Insurance Company”. 
This one is a real goldmine.",0
14022,Quick Update from The Event Chronicle,"Hello Everyone,
I know many of you like to keep in touch with our website via Facebook. I’ve had several reports from people over the past week that Facebook has been censoring some of our posts again. Unfortunately, there isn’t much I can do about that but I wanted you to know that I’m aware of it and keeping an eye on the situation.
Many of you may not know that Facebook changed their algorithm this past June to favor “friends and family”. What this means is that Facebook now shows you more posts specifically from your friends and family, which is great! But, you may not be seeing as many posts from news outlets or small businesses that you follow and want to keep in touch with. You can read more about Facebook’s algorithm change here .
There is a way to fix this! If you go to our Facebook page and click the triangle next to the ‘Liked’ button, you can click See First, and this will ensure that our posts make it onto your news feed.

Facebook does not show all posts to people who follow pages. The new algorithm changes the way posts show up in your feed based on how many likes and shares a post accumulates within a short timeframe after it is published. This means that you may not have the opportunity to view information you might be interested in.
If you want to ensure you see more from The Event Chronicle, you can follow us on Twitter , or sign up for our newly redesigned newsletter.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter → Don’t want to miss a thing? Our RSS feed will show you every single article published on our website. Need a news reader? We recommend Feedly . Feedly is available on the web in your browser , or on many popular smartphones and tablets; iPhone , iPad , Android , and Kindle .

On a Personal Note It’s been a bit of a struggle to get the news out this week as my computer is getting old and the hard drive is beginning to fail. This is not something that’s fixable and it’s time to get a new computer. I’ve been crossing my fingers and saying a little prayer each morning when I wake my computer from sleep hoping it will turn on for another day. So far so good, but the day is quickly coming that it will no longer turn on.
If you enjoy reading our website, please see this page for more information about the computer problem and ways you can help. Even small donations of $5 or $10 add up and your help would be greatly appreciated. 
Have a great weekend! I have a handful of posts scheduled in the queue to go out throughout the weekend. I’ll pop in here and there on social media to make sure I don’t miss anything important, but my focus this weekend will be on finishing up Volume 2 of The Event Handbook !
…as well as doing a bunch of vacuuming and laundry because it seems Miss Ellie has brought home a flea or two. I think I’ve caught it in time so it shouldn’t be too much of a hassle. Does anyone know of any good natural remedies that are safe for cats? Please let me know in the comments. Thanks!
You wanna see some pictures of my cat? Of course you do! 
Miss Ellie Thanks Everyone. I love you ALL! ",0
14023,"Memo to R. Douthat, D. Brooks: Your “Conservative Intellectuals” Are JUST NO GOOD","  Recipient Email => 
No doubt because of the impending presidential election, we’ve had some musings on the past and future of conservatism in the pages of the New York Times this past few days. 
Ross Douthat [ ] was first up with a column titled What The Right’s Intellectuals Did Wron g In the October 26th edition. 
His very short answer, in three parts: The follies of President George W. Bush delegitimized him, and the conservative intellectuals who supported him, in the eyes of conservative voters, leaving them susceptible to coarse populist appeals. Conservative intellectuals looked too kindly on the new populist-conservative media outlets that have come up the past 25 years: talk radio, Fox News, the Drudge Report, Breitbart.com. These outlets, says Douthat, are “fact-averse and irresponsible.” Our intellectuals should have taken charge and disciplined them, instead of smiling indulgently at their populist caperings, says Douthat. Conservative intellectuals, powered by populist energy, should have conducted a Long March through the institutions of the managerial state: the academy, the Main Stream Media, the courts, the bureaucracy. They failed to do this. 
Result, according to Douthat: 
So it is that today, three generations after Buckley and Burnham, the academy and the mass media are arguably more hostile to conservative ideas than ever, and the courts and the bureaucracy are trending in a similar direction. 
Two days later, October 28th, David Brooks [ ] took up the issue in a column headed The Conservative Intellectual Crisis . 
Again, he fingers three causes of the crisis. We’re really in the realm of Threeness here. I refer interested listeners to the last segment of my October Diary here at VDARE.com for more explorations of that realm. Talk radio, cable TV and the internet have taken conservatism down-market, coarsening it so it no longer appeals to thoughtful, educated people. Conservatives have put too much faith in politics: “Recently conservatism has become more the talking arm of the Republican Party.” Conservatives have been too hostile to the idea of government as a tool for social good. It has offered nothing to hard-pressed working- and middle-class Americans. 
That’s David Brooks’ three-part diagnosis. 
If you got a whiff of snobbery in all that, especially from Brooks’ piece, your sense of smell is working just fine. What a shame that the genteel, cultured salons of the intellectual Right got invaded by tobacco-chewing hillbillies with mud on their boots! 
But that’s not my main problem with Douthat and Brooks. I don’t mind intellectual elites, and I don’t in fact believe you can have rational politics without them. I just don’t think the elites we actually have right now are any good. 
The liberal elites are in fact terrible: dishonest, corrupt, and in thrall to magical superstitions about human nature and society. The conservative elites Douthat and Brooks are writing about are not that bad, but they need seriously to revise some of their premises. 
Buckleyite conservatism was a stool with three legs. (See, I can do the threes business with the best of them!) The Cold War. A good large cohort of believing Christians in the educated class. The unquestioned assumption that public affairs, both national and international, were a game played among white Europeans. 
None of those three things is any longer the case. The Cold War is a whole generation in the past. Religious devotion among educated Americans is fast draining away, for reasons I explained at length in Chapter Eight of We Are Doomed . And in one more generation, give or take a year or two, white Europeans will be a minority in the U.S.A., and quite possibly in large parts of Europe itself, too. 
America’s conservative intellectuals have not made the necessary adjustments. That’s what accounts for their irrelevance and impotence. 
They have, I’ll allow, acknowledged the end of the Cold War. They’re in denial, though, about the weakening of Christianity in our hedonistic welfare state. As for what a much earlier American writer called “The Rising Tide of Color,” conservative intellectuals like Douthat and Brooks are terrified to speak about it because they have internalized the social taboos about race talk imposed by the Liberal Establishment. 
With no more Cold War as a unifying principle, no more consensus on the centrality of religious faith to their program, and no courage to stand up to the race bullies, our conservative intellectuals are reduced to ineffectual arm-flapping–leaving citizens of a conservative temperament with nowhere to turn but to populism. And so, that’s where we turn. 
Unless, of course, ineffectual arm-flapping is your thing; in which case I recommend the efforts of Ross Douthat and David Brooks. 
For example: How are things going in Europe with that mass Third World immigration Enoch Powell warned about in such alarmist phrases 48 years ago? Britain 
The current talking point: a report out of Open Democracy , a Left-liberal think-tank, about racial segregation in Britain. Sample headline : Call for action to tackle growing ethnic segregation across UK . By Anushka Asthana and Nazia Parveen , The Guardian, November 1, 2016. 
The segregation, which is of course voluntary, is massive. Muslims want to live among Muslims, blacks want to live among blacks, and white British people don’t want to live among either. 
White flight has been dramatic. In last week’s podcast, I mentioned my uncle Fred, who lived in the Aston district of Birmingham until he died last year. When I stayed there with them in my childhood sixty years ago, there was nobody in Aston but working-class white English people, with a few Irish Catholics for variety. This new report lists Aston as still 45 percent white in 1991. In 2011, twenty years later, it was down to 14 percent white. 
The London borough of Newham , where I bought my first house (right) in 1970, was 34 percent white in 2001. Ten years later it was half that, 17 percent. In the Northern town of Blackburn, billed as one of the most segregated towns in Britain, one newspaper reporter found a butcher who declared he had never served a white person in the entire year he’s been in business. ORDER IT NOW 
Not that there is no contact at all across the race lines. Every couple of years there is another news story about Muslim men raping and prostituting white British teenage girls: “grooming” is the newspaper euphemism. Quote from one such story , the men in this case being Somalis , quote: 
Several of the girls … believed the sexual abuse was part of loving relationships they were having with the defendants, and that having sex with their “boyfriend’s” friends was part of their “culture and tradition.” 
Multiculturalism, you see? 
In short, a complete failure of integration and assimilation–just as Enoch Powell predicted. 
The authors of the report recommend unspecified measures to encourage white Britons to stay put when minorities colonize a district. The rationale here is presumably Contact Theory , which says that prejudice arises from isolation and ignorance, and that when people get to know each other prejudice melts away. 
Contact Theory was launched by American psychologist Gordon Allport back in 1954. Subsequent events, and indeed subsequent research in the human sciences , have shredded it. We now know that familiarity mostly breeds not harmony and understanding but rancor and conflict. France 
Crossing the English Channel, we find ourselves in France, whose capital city, once a favorite with tourists for its elegance, beauty, and civilized life, is now a dogpit of warring African and Middle Eastern street gangs. 
It got worse this week after French authorities demolished a huge camp of illegal aliens near Calais. A big group of the illegals headed for Paris, where they got into running street battles with illegals from Afghanistan and Eritrea already camped there–right there in the streets of Paris: 
A mass brawl broke out as migrants in Paris attacked each other with sticks —hours after authorities moved in to smash up an illegal city centre camp. Pictures show men lunging at each other with makeshift clubs last night next to a row of tents in the Stalingrad district of the French capital. 
Amid chaotic scenes, gangs of men were seen brandishing pieces of wood and squaring up for a street battle. Germany 
From the UK Express : 
During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office.[ ‘We are losing control of the streets’ Merkel’s Germany descends into lawlessness , by Siobhan McFadyen , November 2, 2016] 
And Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. 
German police say they are losing control of the streets to the foreign invaders. In Leipzig, a ten-year-old girl was raped by an illegal. In the town of Bautzen, in the far east of Germany, there are regular street battles between local Germans and illegals. [ GERMANY AT BOILING POINT: Furious mob takes to streets hunting and attacking migrants , By Allan Hall, UK Express , November 3, 2016] Denmark 
Denmark has its own report on white flight .[ MP blasts ‘soft-touch’ migrant policy as Denmark struggles with 31 ghettos , B y Lizzie Stromme, UK Express , November 2, 2016 ] That nation now has 31 ghettos, says the government, defined as areas with more than 50 percent minority residents. Sweden 
Swedish police are struggling to cope with a massive crime wave caused by immigrants. There are now 52 areas where police officers can’t cope with the levels of crime being committed, according to the government. [ Sweden on the brink? Police force pushed to breaking point by violence amid migrant influx , By Lizzie Stromme, UK Express , November 2, 2016] Arson against automobiles is especially popular. The city of Västerås, in central Sweden, population 110,000 has seen 88 cars set alight so far this year. Sweden’s police forces are seeing mass resignations of officers.[ Arson attacks carried out by migrants are fault of ‘racist Swedes’ – says refugee , Lizzie Stromme, UK Express , October 31, 2016] And so on. This is the great catastrophe of our time: The willed self-destruction of Western civilization by nations that have disarmed themselves before the enemy, disarmed themselves with sentimentality and guilt and crazy economic fantasies. ORDER IT NOW 
We all thought the Third World War would be fought between Russia and the West, in mighty tank battles on the plains of Eastern Europe; or else between China and the U.S.A. in the Western Pacific, with carrier groups and submarines chasing each other around the sea and Marines storming up the beaches of tropical islands. 
No: This is World War Three, the First World vs . the Third World. To date, the First World is losing. Losing? It’s barely even fighting. 
An admirable outfit named the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation released a report in October on American attitudes to communism and socialism . It makes depressing reading, especially those parts dealing with knowledge and opinions among millennials —that’s people born from the early 1980s to the mid 1990s. 
Sample: Of those millennials familiar with Vladimir Lenin, 25 percent have a favorable view of him. 
And oh —did you know? —the American Communist Party is backing Mrs. Clinton’s candidacy . Mrs Clinton has of course loudly repudiated their support when challenged about it by interviewers. Oh, wait … 
In related news, here’s a chap named Duke Pesta, currently an associate professor of English at the University of Wisconsin, Oshkosh. Every year at the beginning of the school year Prof Pesta gives quizzes to his students to test their knowledge on basic facts about American history and Western culture. 
He declares that students overwhelmingly believe that slavery was a phenomenon exclusive to the United States: “Most of my students could not tell me anything meaningful about slavery outside of America.“ 
It goes without saying that they know nothing about the history of communism, either. 
These are the fruits of decades of utterly corrupted education, the corruption seeping down from our universities, to the schools of education, to the high schools and elementary schools. We now have a whole generation raised with a radically false view of the past. History has been rewritten, and the rewritten version prevails. 
The triumph of Cultural Marxism could not be more plain–nor could the ineffectuality of the “conservatism” that Ross Douthat and David Brooks are waxing nostalgic over. (Reprinted from VDare.com by permission of author or representative)",0
14024,Jeb Bush: ’Presidential Leadership Would be Helpful’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on “The Cats Roundtable” on New York AM 970 radio, former Gov. Jeb Bush ( ) told host host John Catsimatidis “leadership” from President Donald Trump would be “helpful” to get Republicans to unite behind a common agenda.  Bush said, “We haven’t come up with a compelling, unifying agenda that can replace that. And that’s where you see the struggles in Washington right now. The healthcare debacle is a good example of that. And presidential leadership would be helpful here. There’s a lot that could be done that I think has   support. ” He added, “If he could focus on these positive things, our brand then could be solidified, I think. Being against what the other guys are for is not a sustainable political position ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14025,Did You Miss the Presidential Debate? Here Are the Highlights - The New York Times,"Here’s how we analyzed in real time the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump, and our fact checks. Hillary Clinton dominated a final series of debate exchanges with Donald J. Trump about national security and gender, telling voters they could not trust her opponent with nuclear weapons and warning that he does not respect women. Here are a few of the highlights. ■ Asked about a remark he made that Mrs. Clinton lacked a presidential “look,” Mr. Trump repeated the claim, adding that “she doesn’t have the stamina. ” In response, Mrs. Clinton ticked off some highlights of her tenure as secretary of state, saying Mr. Trump “can talk to me about stamina” when he accomplishes as much. “He tried to change from looks to stamina, but this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs,” Mrs. Clinton said. Mr. Trump defended himself before adding that he had planned to say “something extremely rough” to Mrs. Clinton and her family, but decided against it. ■ Mrs. Clinton pressed Mr. Trump’s repeated claim, contradicted by public statements he has made in the past, that he had opposed the Iraq war from the beginning. “Donald supported the invasion of Iraq,” she said. “That is absolutely proved over and over again. ” “Wrong,” Mr. Trump interjected. “Wrong. ” ■ Mr. Trump insisted again that he had opposed the Iraq war, calling any suggestion otherwise “a mainstream media nonsense. ” Lester Holt, the moderator, said, “The record shows otherwise. ” Mr. Trump went on to appraise his own temperament, calling it “my strongest asset, maybe by far,” before attacking Mrs. Clinton’s. She smiled. “Woo! O. K.,” she said, beginning her response. ■ Mrs. Clinton hit Mr. Trump for his record of praise for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, lamenting that Mr. Trump had “publicly invited Putin to hack into” American communications, as Mr. Trump shook his head. Mr. Trump said he did not think “anybody knows” if Russia was behind the recent hacks of Democratic organizations, wondering aloud if it might instead be China or a single hacker who “weighs 400 pounds” and sits at home. ■ After Mrs. Clinton suggested she was worried about Mr. Trump getting his hands on the nuclear codes, Mr. Trump replied, “That line is getting a little bit old. ” Mrs. Clinton mocked Mr. Trump’s “secret plan,” as she called it, to fight the Islamic State, saying he had no true strategy. She also sought to reassure American allies that the country would honor its international commitments, saying some of Mr. Trump’s comments during the campaign had startled them. ■ Asked about his propagation of the conspiracy theory raising doubts about Mr. Obama’s birth, Mr. Trump tried to blame Mrs. Clinton, suggesting falsely that she, too, had questioned the president’s birthplace. “She failed to get the birth certificate,” he said. “When I got involved, I didn’t fail. ” Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump had “really started his political activity based on this racist lie that our first black president was not an American citizen,” calling his efforts “very hurtful. ” ■ Pressed on his refusal to release his tax returns, Mr. Trump repeated an   line that he is facing “a routine audit” that precluded him from releasing the information. Mr. Holt noted that the I. R. S. had said he was free to release anything he wanted. Mr. Trump said he would “release my tax returns, against my lawyers’ wishes,” if Mrs. Clinton agreed to release a cache of her emails. ■ Asked if she believed police officers were “implicitly biased” against   Mrs. Clinton suggested that all Americans were susceptible to bias. “I think unfortunately too many of us in this great country jump to conclusions about each other,” she said. ■ Asked about race relations, Mrs. Clinton said that race remained “a significant challenge” in the country, adding that the criminal justice system treated minorities differently. Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton “doesn’t want to use a couple of words”  —   law and order  —   before defending the contentious    police strategy. “  and Hispanics are living in hell,” he said. “You walk down the streets, you get shot. ” ■ After Mr. Trump defended his plans to lower taxes on the wealthy, mixing in jabs at Mrs. Clinton, she joked, “I have a feeling that by the end of this evening, I’m going to be blamed for everything that’s ever happened. ” Mr. Trump replied, “Why not?” Mr. Holt reminded Mr. Trump that he was speaking during Mrs. Clinton’s allotted time. ■ Mr. Trump boasted about his campaign travels. “You’ve seen me, I’ve been all over the place,” he said. “You decided to stay home and that’s okay. ” Mrs. Clinton replied that she did indeed prepare for the debate, adding that she was preparing to be president, too. ■ Hitting Mr. Trump over his tax returns, Mrs. Clinton wondered if there was “something he’s hiding,” before addressing her own use of a private email as secretary of state. “I made a mistake using a private email,” she said. Mr. Trump cut in, “That’s for sure. ” Mrs. Clinton added, “I’m not going to make any excuses. It was a mistake. ” ■ Mrs. Clinton condemned Mr. Trump for refusing to pay contractors on several projects, saying she was grateful her father had never done business with him. She said the debate crowd included an architect whom Mr. Trump had not paid. “Maybe he didn’t do a good job,” Mr. Trump said. ■ Mrs. Clinton, seeking to portray Mr. Trump as an enemy of working people, said he had “rooted for the housing crisis” because of the financial opportunities it might afford him. “That’s called business, by the way,” he interjected. ■ Mr. Trump  —   criticizing trade deals approved by Bill Clinton, among others  —   suggested Mrs. Clinton had failed to improve people’s lives during her decades in public life. As Mrs. Clinton defended her record, he interrupted frequently. “You haven’t done it. You haven’t done it,” he said. “Excuse me. ” Mrs. Clinton shot back, “Donald, I know you live in your own reality,” before continuing her answer. ■ Mrs. Clinton, looking toward Mr. Trump, said it was “good to be with” him on the same stage at last. “You have to judge us,” she said, in a response to a question about job creation. “Who can shoulder the immense, awesome responsibilities of the presidency?” Mr. Trump replied that “our jobs are fleeing the country. ” ■ Mrs. Clinton criticized Mr. Trump’s fiscal plans as “    economics,” before saying he had received millions of dollars of support from his father. “My father gave me a very small loan,” he replied, before appearing to hesitate while addressing Mrs. Clinton. “Secretary Clinton? Is that O. K.?” he said of her title. “Good. ”",0
14026,NYT: Trump Supporters Are Threatening a ‘Violent Revolution’ if Hillary Wins,"
The propaganda popsicle stand that is The New York Times is floating the idea that Trump supporters are calling for a new American Revolution if Hillary wins.
But beneath the cheering, a new emotion is taking hold among some Trump supporters as they grapple with reports predicting that he will lose the election: a dark fear about what will happen if their candidate is denied the White House. Some worry that they will be forgotten, along with their concerns and frustrations. Others believe the nation may be headed for violent conflict. 
Jared Halbrook, 25, of Green Bay, Wis., said that if Mr. Trump lost to Hillary Clinton, which he worried would happen through a stolen election, it could lead to “another Revolutionary War.” 
“People are going to march on the capitols,” said Mr. Halbrook, who works at a call center. “They’re going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.”
“If push comes to shove,” he added, and Mrs. Clinton “has to go by any means necessary, it will be done.”
What’s ominous about this level of programming is that we know the system is already gearing up for this possibility with an election military drill that could go live at any time until a month after the election, as previously reported:
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after.
It appears that the system is gearing up to handle outbreaks of violence, chaotic rallies and poll stations, and the possibility that the people of the United States may become very dissatisfied with the outcome by using military force and martial law.
The drill could, of course, go live at any time; Homeland Security and the military are prepared to contend with a period of unrest, and restore order to a divided and broken country – regardless of whether people like their new leader or not.
As you know, DHS is already monitoring this election and prepared to take over its ‘critical infrastructure’. The scope of this drill would, of course, take things much further:
Hi Guys, 
I got some gouge from a former military colleague who is in contact with active duty personnel and he received an email about an upcoming drill. We need confirmation on this, but if we put it out there we might get a leaker to come forward and confirm: 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election 
Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre.
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed.
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for “Martial Law”. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario.
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
If the Powers That Shouldn’t Be are planning to steal this election for Hillary as hard as it appears they are , then it makes sense they’d be planning to try and clean up their mess afterward.
Either way, the people have about reached their limit and are sick and tired of this level of corruption coming out of this government… and we know what happened the last time America finally got fed up with a tyrannical government. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Piper McGowin of The Daily Sheeple . 
Piper writes for The Daily Sheeple. There’s a lot of B.S. out there. Someone has to write about it. ",0
14027,Parts Are Greater Than the Sum of the Chicken at Torishin - The New York Times,"Consider the chicken. Consider each part of the chicken. Consider eating each part of the chicken, one after another, grilled over charcoal at a yakitori restaurant called Torishin. Dark neck meat first, gathered in a ruffle around a bamboo skewer. When stuck to its long root of bone, the neck is picky business to eat, but it is full of flavor when it is pared away and the outer bits are singed over charcoal and the fat starts to spill over the rest. Now the tenderloin. Many tenderloins come to an ignominious end as “tenders,” encased in bread crumbs in the   fingers of a toddler. But grilled lightly, so they firm up without scorching, they run with delicate pink juices. Livers, of course, are seared very fast so they don’t get leathery. The rich, red insides are as soft as yogurt. They take well to a few grains of ground sansho pepper, enough to spark a slow buzz on the tongue. So do the hearts, done   like steak. On the bird’s back, above the tail feathers, are the oysters. At Torishin they go under their French name,  ’   —   “a fool leaves it. ” They are grilled with their skin, which puckers and hisses and goes from creamy blue to gold. For all I know the first yakitori chefs in Japan had nothing but efficiency in mind when they speared each anatomical bit on its own skewer.   livers can be pulled from the grill to make space, while other pieces take their time. In the hands of the attentive chefs at Torishin, this technique produces something beyond convenience. Cooked separately, each part has a different pleasure to offer. Some you chew, and some you crackle. Some have cerebral appeal, others call to instinct. The house style is sensitive to timing, averse to charring and careful with seasoning. The chicken is salted, brushed with a sauce called tare, which is less sweet at Torishin than at some other yakitori specialists, and grilled about an inch above   sticks of binchotan, a Japanese charcoal. The cooks wave bamboo fans at the fire when it needs a boost. Sitting on the tables and counters are vaguely humanoid gourds filled with sansho and the spice blend shichimi, as well as pitchers of soy sauce. “Which skewers are good with soy?” I asked Atsushi Kono, the chef, one night when he was tending the coals. His head bobbed noncommittally before he said, “It’s there for people who think they want it. ” Right, then. No soy. With minimalist cooking, the distance between dull and delicious can sometimes be measured in grains of salt. This became clear during my only meal at Torishin’s original location, on First Avenue in the 60s. There were many skewers. None of them seemed to have been seasoned. Even the pickled cucumbers and daikon that showed up at the start of the meal seemed to be under orders not to draw any attention to themselves. I knew that some people revered the restaurant, so I just figured that it fell into one of my blind spots. When Torishin moved to its current address in Hell’s Kitchen in 2015, I did not exactly rush over on my hoverboard. In fact, I didn’t make it there until last fall, a delay I regretted as soon as I had unskewered my first lump of chicken. Whatever had been missing from the chicken before was there, and it’s been there each time I’ve gone back. (I still think the pickles need more pep, though.) To the left as you enter is a small bar. The bartenders spend the quiet hours whittling big ice cubes into spheres, with knives. These rough globes are plopped into tumblers of shochu, and if you want to learn about this distilled spirit, Torishin is a fine place to start. The sake list is compact but varied. The few wines come from big, obvious names. At the end of a winding corridor is a   dining room. The mezzanine might be the spot for privacy. The lower space is more active, with seating at tables or around a   counter that hugs the open kitchen and a grill, the depth of a single skewer. If you know your favorite bird bits, ordering à la carte is simple enough. The menu is helpfully illustrated, from neck to tail. All but one of the skewers is under $10, and the package of seven chicken skewers plus three vegetables is a good deal at $65. But Torishin always puts me in the mood for surprises, so I like to ask for an omakase menu. The grill cooks serve up a mix of vegetables (the mushrooms are a particular treat, and I don’t think it’s possible to grill zucchini better than Torishin does) white meat (the piece wrapped in a shiso leaf and dabbed with salty plum paste is a nearly perfect bite) dark meat (chicken legs can be subdivided in more ways than you might think) and curiosities called “special skewers. ” This is where you will find the oysters, the kidneys, the nugget of meat from the base of the wing, the wrinkly and fatty neck skin, the smooth and supple belly skin. Most of the surprises have been positive, like “knee gristle. ” What about “main artery”? The nicest thing I can honestly say about this blood vessel, which ties the heart to some other vital organ, is that it is, in fact, edible. If hunger still calls after you have stripped all the bamboo sticks and left them standing in the ceramic cup in front of you, there is an excellent remedy in the form of  . A homey dish of chicken and egg over white rice,   can be filling or it can be almost ethereal, as it is at Torishin. To one side of the passage from bar to dining room is a narrow nook behind curtains. Inside is an   bar, called the Select Counter, where Mr. Kono presides over extended menus that borrow from the kaiseki tradition. One recent meal began with a tiny simmered octopus with peppery sansho leaves. Sashimi followed. Chicken breast was steamed in cherry leaves and served with cucumber wheels and fresh shoots of spring ginger the flavor was lovely and transient, one of those Japanese miracles of putting the mood of a season on the plate. The $150 menu came with a complete fusillade of skewers as well as a choice of grilled luxury items: either Kumamoto beef (not as meltingly rich as it could have been) or king crab leg (smeared with some funky stuff from inside the crab’s head, and completely delicious). If Mr. Kono had kept cooking all night, I would have been happy, but to experience Torishin you don’t need to spend $150 and a couple of hours. Just a few skewers are enough to expand your sense of what’s possible in the department of chicken. Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.",0
14028,Why Hillary Wore White - The New York Times,"Did she look presidential? As silly as that sounds, that was part of Hillary Rodham Clinton’s job on Thursday in Philadelphia when she accepted the Democratic Party’s nomination as its presidential candidate. It was not just showing people who do not understand her and who do not trust her who she is as a person, or laying out her policy proposals, but also demonstrating that when she represents them on the world stage, she would do so with that     aura of leadership and power. And she did. In her white suit, with her white crew neck underneath, Mrs. Clinton looked supremely unflappable: perfectly tailored and in control. Not a hair out of place (but some hair nicely waved). The kind of person who could carry the nuclear codes with aplomb. But since she is someone who famously does her homework, she also used her clothes to do a little more. That she chose to wear white at the convention did not at first seem particularly surprising. Mrs. Clinton has worn white jackets multiple times during the primaries, and when she joined Instagram she posted a shot of a clothing rack filled with red, white and blue jackets. On Thursday night, the pantsuit stood out against the blue background, and in the sea of people. But it was also layered with meaning, demonstrating that she understands the way fashion can be useful in contemporary politics and is willing to leverage that. That suit, quietly yet clearly, made reference to history, specifically the history of the women’s movement. White, along with purple and gold, were the official colors of the National Woman’s Party and the suffragist movement. In England, it was white, purple and green, the official colors of the Women’s Social and Political Union started by Emmeline Pankhurst, among others. According to a history of the National Woman’s Party from the   Women’s Equality National Monument in Washington, an early mission statement for the Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage noted: “The colors adopted by the union are purple, white and gold, selected for the significance they bear in the work the union has undertaken. Purple is the color of loyalty, constancy to purpose, unswerving steadfastness to a cause. White, the emblem of purity, symbolizes the quality of our purpose. ” See the connection? Geraldine Ferraro, the first female candidate for vice president, certainly did when she wore white to the 1984 Democratic convention to accept her nomination.   years later, Mrs. Clinton’s suit placed her, very firmly, in that continuum. That no designer has claimed ownership of the outfit, a typical   event, the better to monetize the attention of the world, is notable and appropriate. Thursday night was Mrs. Clinton’s moment, and one for all women. Her clothes simply gave her the means to amplify her message.",0
14029,Tens of Thousands of People Just Got Fooled By FAKE Ballot Without Trump’s Name On It,"Pinterest 
There have been plenty of stories of voter fraud across the country, but a photoshopped picture has taken the internet by storm. In it, Donald Trump’s name is left off of the ballot whil Hillary Clinton’s is listed twice. 
The doctored photo hit Twitter and has since been re-tweeted tens of thousands of times. Take a look at the picture for yourself: 
— Hatrick Penry (@Hatrick__Penry) October 24, 2016 Hey guys, seriously? How is this not viral yet? Are we going to be taken as that stupid and let it go? This is an Oregon Ballot. pic.twitter.com/4eSSrK3aaB 
— Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) October 27, 2016 
About an hour after John Laussier started the hoax, he took responsibility for it and admitted that it wasn’t real: “In case its not super obvious that last tweet from me is a hoax. Don’t believe everything you read on the internet folks.” Is Trump on the Oregon ballot? YES. But a hoax grabbed a lot of retweets today. Official sample ballot >>> https://t.co/LR1smKW2pO pic.twitter.com/WvMIhyzUHz 
— KVAL News (@KVALnews) October 21, 2016 
“I’m hoping people figure out soon this was fake, and, in the future, look at what they’re passing on,” Laussier told KATU . “We’ve got to act responsibly. Get out your ballots, take a good hard look, and vote with some research!” 
Laussier told KATU that it was “irresponsible of me to post the tweet,” and he apologized. LawNewz reported : 
The Oregon Secretary of State’s Office told KGQ that they are evaluating whether the hoax violated election law. Spokesperson Molly Woon emphasized to the television station that the Oregon Secretary of State is “confident” in the election process. 
While Laussier makes a good point about people being discerning about what they share on the internet, there are a couple of important points here. 
First, there is good reason for people to be vigilant about voter fraud . There are numerous reports of the problem across the country and it’s good that people are paying attention. 
Second, the mainstream media is largely in the tank for Clinton and operates as a propaganda machine. Most people don’t have the time — or if they do, don’t have the resources — to thoroughly vet something they come across. You know who has both? The media… but they refuse to do so because of their bias. 
If this ballot was real, people may have been able to force change by bringing light to what would have been a serious problem. 
That certainly doesn’t mean that people shouldn’t be discerning or that they should repost or re-tweet everything they come across. There’s something to be said for people being vigilant, paying attention, and forcing those in the media and those in positions to do something about it to take a look. 
Now, that doesn’t mean that people should automatically believe that something’s true and adjust their beliefs/voting decision because of it; it just means that it’s good that people are paying attention and forcing those in a position to check it out to do so. 
While Laussier’s tweet was an interesting experiment, the timing was poor given the rampant voter fraud going on throughout the country. This was a hoax, but there are plenty of instances where it isn’t, and people shouldn’t be discouraged from being vigilant about it.",0
14030,"Donald Trump Takes Arizona, Extending G.O.P. Winning Streak in State - The New York Times","PHOENIX  —   Donald J. Trump won Arizona’s presidential contest and its 11 electoral votes on Thursday after the latest count put him over the top, extending a long Republican winning streak in the conservative state. Mr. Trump had a solid lead over Hillary Clinton on Election Day, but a winner was not declared because there were so many uncounted votes  —   over 600, 000. The latest batch of returns tabulated on Thursday made him the clear winner. It marks a   winning streak for Republican presidential candidates in Arizona. Bill Clinton was the last Democrat to take the state, in 1996. Before him, Harry S. Truman was the last Democrat to win here. Mrs. Clinton was closer to gaining Arizona than President Obama, who lost by nine or more percentage points during his two runs for president. She was losing by four points. Arizona was one of three races that had yet to be determined from Tuesday’s election, with Michigan and New Hampshire still too close to call. Mr. Trump made several swings through Arizona and capitalized on Republicans’ dislike of Mrs. Clinton and their frustration over illegal immigration, vowing to build a wall along the border. Sheriff Joe Arpaio and former Gov. Jan Brewer were some of his most vocal backers, especially on immigration issues. Gov. Doug Ducey was among those who introduced him at rallies and urged Arizonans to vote for him. Mrs. Clinton sought to tap into frustrations among Latinos over Mr. Trump’s   talk and a favorable ballot that included a   increase and Mr. Arpaio’s bid for a seventh term as sheriff of Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix. Many Hispanics reviled the sheriff over his immigration raids. Paul Penzone, a Democrat, beat the longtime sheriff handily.",0
14031,Three Basic Exercises To Help You Increase Strength and Mobility,"Within the preparedness community, there is a tendency for individuals to place an almost exclusive focus on acquiring the right supplies and tools for survival, and for good reason, but what is too often brushed aside in this pursuit are the tools that every person carries within his or her body, namely the muscular system. Whether due to personal neglect, lifestyle barriers or just plain lacking motivation, there is a tendency to put off strength and endurance training. Being physically fit is equally as important as having the proper resources when disaster strikes. Making sure that we are doing what we can to have able bodies with which to face and survive a major disaster should be a top priority, and this means starting today, doing basic strength training exercises to improve your overall health and mobility. Maybe you don’t consider yourself athletic, and maybe you haven’t worked out in years, but there is no good reason to let that hold you back from doing daily exercises now so that you can help yourself and your family when it counts. Here are three basic exercises that you can implement into your daily routine today (none of which require the use of weights):
Push-ups Push-ups seem fairly straightforward, but many people have been taught an incorrect way to do push-ups that can cause irreversible damage. Wide-arm push-ups, in which your hands are extended outside of shoulder-width, cause a bone in your shoulder called the acromion to rub against the supraspinatus tendon just beneath it, which can cause permanent damage. Avoid damaging your shoulder by placing your hands at or within the width of your shoulder. If it’s been awhile since you’ve done push-ups and you are finding it difficult to push your full body weight, then you can focus on pushing only your upper body weight by placing a pad under your knees and doing push-ups with only your knees on the ground instead of your feet. For someone who is just starting, you can do just 10 push-ups a day and gradually increase that number as you build endurance with this exercise. Push-ups are great for building strength in your chest, core and back.
Body Squats 
Arguably one of the most important exercises you can do for overall leg strength, body weight squats are a great exercise that requires no weights. It’s important to maintain a straight posture as you squat down, and this will require that you shift your waist backward considerably as your waistline reaches your knees. Make sure that your knees do not bend over the tip of your toes to avoid injury.
A person’s ability to do a squat can be affected by a number of factors, from overall leg strength to ankle-, knee- and hip-related stress. Those who have not squatted much in their life tend to have a shortened Achilles tendon which impedes full range of motion and only allows these particular individuals to do a partial squat. By doing consistent partial squats, they can eventually form an elongated Achilles tendon and do full squats. As you grow in strength and body weight squats become easier, you can begin to add weight to the exercise by holding a weight in the center of your chest and increasing that weight as you increase in strength and endurance.
Reverse Plank Bridge 
The reverse plank bridge is basically the opposite of a push-up; you hold yourself up by placing your hands directly beneath your shoulders in a sitting position and push yourself upward; either extend your legs and keep them straight, balancing on your heels, or bend them and keep your feet flat. Just by holding this position you are working a number of muscles. This exercise is exceptional for building your core, lower back, and arms.
By adding these three simple exercises to your daily routine, you can dramatically increase your full spectrum strength and mobility. 
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 18th, 2016 See How You Stack Up Against The WW2 Fitness Test 4 Daily Strengthening Exercises That Will Push You to the… Book Review: “You Are Your Own Gym” Ancient Secrets to Relieving Back Pain The Synergistic Effects of Meditation + Exercise on… ",0
14032,Trump or Clinton?,"  Recipient Email => 
Enemies of the United States are joyously watching its upcoming elections that are exposing this once great nation as deeply corrupt. It’s as if a huge rock has been turned over, exposing the swarming, slithering underside of America’s political system. 
For those who admire America, like this writer, this week is a time to weep for the republic. 
We see two candidates who are utterly unfit for the highest office: Hilary Clinton, engulfed by scandals, and blustering TV mogul Donald Trump, a man of profound shallowness who advocates Islamophobia, torture and environmental ignorance. 
Hillary Clinton’s core supporters are black food stamp and welfare recipients, and legions of women who are voting simply by gender. Trump’s core supporters are tax-paying workers who have watched Wall Street loot America’s economy and send their jobs abroad. 
Like many people, I’ve been tearing my hair trying to decide for whom to vote. I now favor Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson who gained worldwide fame as a dolt when asked about the destruction of Aleppo, Syria. ‘What’s Aleppo?’ asked this New Mexico Bismarck. 
Now that’s the kind of president I’d like to see. No more regime-changers and empire-builders. No more Imperial America. No more crusaders or world super power bullying. No more mucking around the world and acting as the globe’s enforcer. Let’s forget Aleppo, Beirut, Gaza, Tehran, Islamabad, the South China Sea and North Korea. 
We can no longer afford to play ‘Game of Thrones.’ We’ve got to rebuild bridges and airports, and clean the Augean Stables of Congress, America’s most corrupt institution. We just spent $2.8 billion on roads in remote Afghanistan while our own highways are crumbling. 
Such is the folly of imperialism. The old Soviet Union did something similar, allowing its domestic infrastructure and industry to fall apart while adventuring in Afghanistan, and deploying 55,000 tanks in the Red Army. These tanks were useful in putting down the heroic Hungarian Revolution of 1956 – 60 years ago this week – but for nothing else. 
But I fear that whoever wins the US election will very quickly face major problems for which they are woefully unprepared. Most obvious is the bloody mess the US has created across the Mideast. 
I just learned that Trump recently named, as Mideast advisor, a notorious Muslim-hating fanatic, who is a Lebanese Maronite Christian fascist. His advice will likely be to invade Lebanon and Syria and kill more Muslims. 
For her part, Hilary Clinton has long been a wholly-financed subsidiary of Wall Street and the mighty Israel lobby. Just have a look at the list of her largest donors. Her pro-Israel supporters are urging her to create a so-called ‘no-fly’ zone over Syria, which is code for full-scale war against Syrian government and Russian forces. Guess who will benefit from Syria’s destruction and disintegration? 
This supreme idiocy could lead directly to nuclear war with Russia, something I’ve been warning against for years. 
There has been no mention in the campaign of rebuilding the Arab world, ravaged by western imperial interventions. Little mention of some 12 million Syrian refugees created by the Saudis and US. Nor of five million Palestinian refugees, and who knows how many in Iraq, Libya, Somalia and now war-ravaged Yemen. And not a word about America’s stalemated war in Afghanistan. Nothing about a shaky Europe. Nor how to accommodate China’s rise. 
Instead, we’ve heard tirades against the phony ISIS, which is funded by the Saudis, and Hilary Clinton’s absurd claims that wicked Vlad Putin is somehow behind America’s foreign disasters. It’s stupid and shameful demagoguery. 
At least Trump has the good sense to urge that we end our pointless confrontation with Russia and scale back the unaffordable American Empire. Few Americans know that almost half their government’s budget is spent on the military. 
Besides disgusting many Americans, the presidential campaign has made the US an object of derision and embarrassment around the globe. Many analysts claim that this grand fiasco marks the beginning of the end of US global hegemony. It’s certainly the beginning of the beginning. 
This week alone, the Philippines and Malaysia, two staunch American allies, edged closer to China’s camp. Neither Trump no Clinton had a care for America’s reputation during their ugly debates. 
My fear is that the election vitriol will not end America’ shame and misery but continue on, like an acid eating into the national fabric. (Reprinted from EricMargolis.com by permission of author or representative)",0
14033,ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL TIPPED OFF CLINTON CAMP ABOUT DOJ INVESTIGATION,"Home › POLITICS › ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL TIPPED OFF CLINTON CAMP ABOUT DOJ INVESTIGATION ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL TIPPED OFF CLINTON CAMP ABOUT DOJ INVESTIGATION 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] On November 2, WikiLeaks released Part 26 of their emails from Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta. 
A March 2015 email revealed Podesta attended a meeting with Clinton campaign General Counsel, the lobbying firm Dewey Square Partners and Clinton Super PACs. Several emails released by WikiLeaks suggest the Clinton campaign illegally coordinated with Super PACs, prompting Clinton loyalist Neera Tanden to say she thought that what the campaign was doing with Correct the Record was “skirting, if not violating” the law. 
Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik tipped off Podesta and the Clinton campaign about what was going on at the Department of Justice. Kadzik, a friend of Podesta, will oversee the DOJ probe into Clinton aide Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner’s emails from Clinton’s private email server. “There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails,” Kadzik wrote to Podesta in May 2015. Podesta forwarded the email to several top Clinton staffers. The email suggests the Department of Justice was biased in favor of Hillary Clinton , and Kadzik tip to Podesta was highly unethical. Post navigation",0
14034,BREAKING: Obama Says There Were No Scandals During His Administration! HAHAHA!,"0 comments Obama was speaking to donors at a private fundraiser in California when he railed against former House Oversight Committee Chair Darrell Issa for calling his administration corrupt. 
“Here’s a guy who called my administration perhaps the most corrupt in history — despite the fact that actually we have not had a major scandal in my administration,” Obama said! 
Obama has had more scandals than any president in history! Just because the MSM refuses to report on them does not mean they do not exist! 
Breitbart reports : 
Issa was the key figure in several investigations of the Obama administration, including the Fast and Furious debacle with Attorney General Eric Holder, Hillary Clinton’s failure in Benghazi, the failures in the Veterans Affairs department, and the IRS using its power to target conservative Tea Party groups for investigations. 
Obama accused Issa of wasting taxpayer money “on trumped-up investigations that have led nowhere.” 
“This guy has spent all his time simply trying to obstruct, to feed the same sentiments that resulted in Donald Trump becoming their nominee,” Obama said. 
We could list 77 scandals, but here are just 7 of the biggest! 
1.) IRS Targeting Scandal 
In 2013, Lois Lerner, former director of the IRS Exempt Organizations division, admitted that officials in the IRS’ Cincinnati office acted improperly. 2.) VA Waiting List 
The Department of Veterans Affairs inspector general first noted the waiting list problem at a Phoenix clinic in 2014 and then found other clinics with similar problems. Veterans were placed on phony waiting lists, and some even died while waiting for care. VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned from his position. 3.) GSA Spending Spree 
In 2012, Martha N. Johnson, the administrator of the General Services Administration, resigned after the federal procurement agency was engulfed in a controversy. The department was accused of allowing excessive spending on travel and conferences for the agency and employees. 4.) Attack on the Benghazi Compound 
On Sept. 11, 2012, weeks before a presidential election, terrorists attacked U.S. government facilities in Benghazi, Libya. Obama administration officials initially blamed this attack on a spontaneous protest against an anti-Muslim YouTube video that spun out of control. 5.) Clinton Emails 
It was the Benghazi committee that first discovered that before, during, and after her time as secretary of state, Clinton maintained a private email server. This prompted the FBI to investigate questions of whether Clinton violated the law in terms of storing classified information. 6.) Fast and Furious Gun Walking 
Operation Fast and Furious was a Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives program, meant to be a sting operation. It allowed about 2,000 guns to flow to Mexican drug trafficking organizations under federal supervision before authorities lost control of the guns. 7.) Solyndra Subsidies 
The Energy Department provided a $535 million loan guarantee to the politically connected solar panel firm Solyndra as part of the 2009 stimulus bill. Not long after building its factory, the California firm filed for bankruptcy protection and an FBI investigation ensued. The company did not find a buyer and eventually closed down. So Barack Obama…just shut up!",0
14035,Rihanna In Child Porn Photos? – Morning News USA,"Rihanna In Child Porn Photos? 
By Comment 
Rihanna is no stranger to controversy, but this time, she is being accused of releasing a so-called child porn photo. The controversial picture, which was posted by the 28-year-old singer on Instagram, shows her and niece Majesty in the bathroom in a very intimate moment – and fully naked. 
Although the photo of the “Umbrella” singer and Majesty was apparently done in good taste, netizens couldn’t help criticizing the Barbadian born artist for sharing such an intimate picture. Many of them perhaps believed that such private matters should not make their way to the public sphere. 
In fact, social media is buzzing with comments which blast Rihanna for spreading what some describe as child porn photos. One troll commented on Instagram, “So inappropriate, what’s wrong with society,” while another dissenter wrote, “This is bad, OMG – I need to report this.” 
“Isn’t this child porn?” asked one vocal critic. Another said: “Omg hell to the no, too many weirdos on here – take it down @badgalriri,” according to Yahoo! News . 
ALSO READ: Brad Pitt, Rihanna Dating Rumors: RiRi Obsessed With Actor, Wants Romantic Nights With Him? 
In the meantime, there are also other industry insiders who, instead of calling out the “Diamonds” singer for her supposed snafu, have praised her for her openness. Perez Hilton has even described the pop icon as the “coolest baby sitter ever.” 
Instead of hitting the singing superstar, the popular celebrity blogger pointed out that Rihanna was far from releasing child porn photos, but was just showing her unconditional love for her niece with the “bath snap.” 
Hilton himself has also been involved in a similar controversy after he posted a photo of himself on social media taking a bath with his son. Many of his followers unfollowed him after he released the said picture, reported Yahoo! News . 
Many of Hilton’s fans came to his rescue, as they noted that nudity between parents and children are perfectly normal. It would be nice to hear Rihanna’s followers showing their support to their idol, and help reverse the rumor that she has proliferating child porn photos. 
Want to receive more news updates on Rihanna ? Subscribe to our daily newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook . morningnewsusa.com/ArticlePage",0
14036,"Florida Voters Approve Medical Marijuana, Reject Federal Prohibition","By Mike Maharrey Voters in Florida have approved a ballot measure legalizing medical marijuana, taking a big step toward nullifying the unconstitutional federal prohibition of... ",0
14037,Democrats Confront F.B.I. Chief at Closed-Door Intelligence Briefing - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   America’s intelligence chiefs sat down with members of Congress behind closed doors on Friday for what they thought would be a straightforward briefing on Russian cyberattacks. What ensued instead was a confrontation Democrats have long sought with James B. Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Why, the House Democrats demanded to know, did Mr. Comey believe it was O. K. to make repeated disclosures during the campaign about the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails but to this day refuse to say if the F. B. I. is investigating links between the Trump campaign and Russia? His answers did not prove very satisfying. Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the minority leader, grew so frustrated that at one point she chastised Mr. Comey for being “condescending to members. ” Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, who was chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee when it was hacked, asked why Mr. Comey had never called her about the intrusions, which began in August 2015 and continued over the course of many months. The F. B. I. notified the committee of the original hacking, but reached a   tech support contractor and went back and forth with him for months before the leadership of the organization was informed and took steps to halt the intrusion. The committee and the bureau have blamed each other for the delay, and the pattern continued on Friday, according to multiple Democrats in the meeting. Afterward, Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, called the tenor of the exchanges “contentious at times. ” “I don’t want to go into the contents of what were discussed,” Mr. Schiff said. But “a great many members are concerned with whether the director has employed a double standard. ” The hearing took place a day after the Justice Department’s inspector general said it was investigating Mr. Comey’s decision during the campaign to hold a news conference announcing the end of the case  —   and then, just before the election, inform Congress there was possible new evidence only to say days later that it did not amount to anything. Mr. Comey “didn’t really answer,” said Representative Jerrold Nadler of New York. He dismissively referred to Mr. Comey as “a policeman,” and added, “I don’t remember anything substantive he said. ” The reaction to the assessment by intelligence agencies that Russia sought to promote the candidacy of Donald J. Trump has been mixed. Mr. Trump has seen it as undermining his electoral victory and ridiculed the agencies, accusing them this week of using leaks to discredit him after it briefed him on a dossier of unsubstantiated reports of compromising personal information the Russians allegedly collected. But on Friday, Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, and the panel’s vice chairman, Senator Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, announced that the committee would hold hearings on the Russian activity and its effect on the election. Before Russians were an issue, there was the F. B. I. investigation into whether Mrs. Clinton or her aides mishandled classified information that was in emails on a private server she was using. Mr. Comey discussed the investigation and sharply criticized Mrs. Clinton at a news conference announcing that no charges would be brought against her. He also wrote two letters near the end of the campaign that Clinton supporters say cost her the election. But Mr. Comey has not publicly commented on whether there are any open investigations of Mr. Trump or anyone associated with his campaign. Democrats said the closest Mr. Comey came on Friday to offering an explanation for his actions was to say he would only disclose an ongoing investigation if the public had an overwhelming need to know about it or if it was obvious there was one underway. He said he did not believe any possible investigation into Trump or his associates met either standard. The F. B. I. ’s position is that it does not discuss counterintelligence investigations that could compromise important methods and sources. Speaking to reporters afterward, Ms. Pelosi said that “really, the American people are owed the truth. ” “There is a great deal of evidence to say that this is an issue of high interest to the American people,” she continued. “For that reason, the F. B. I. should let us know whether they’re doing that investigation or not. They’re usually inscrutable. ” The F. B. I. declined to comment on the meeting. Mr. Nadler said he thought Mr. Comey should have been fired “months ago. ” Other Democrats, perhaps concerned about who Mr. Trump would name to replace Mr. Comey, either said that he should remain on the job or that they were still unsure. The meeting in the auditorium of the Capitol’s visitor center was standing room only. Some Republicans unsurprisingly had a different reaction. “Their questions and comments seemed to make the case that Hillary Clinton would be president if it were not for hacking,” Representative Steve King of Iowa said. Mr. King left the meeting unconvinced about the Russian hacking, which the intelligence chiefs did manage to discuss amid the questions about Mr. Comey’s conduct. The congressman added that he thought “some” intelligence officials were trustworthy. But “not all. People there need to be rooted out,” he said without elaborating.",0
14038,Minority Report-Style Mark Of The Beast ‘CLEAR’ Human Tracking System Gets Installed At Detroit Airport,"  Minority Report-Style Mark Of The Beast ‘CLEAR’ Human Tracking System Gets Installed At Detroit Airport CLEAR will speed Houston travelers through airport security in minutes at both Bush and William P. Hobby. CLEAR's innovative biometric technology is transforming travel for individuals and corporations while enhancing homeland security and modernizing the checkpoint experience.   27, 2016 Metro Detroit Airport now has a new way to allow people to move seamlessly through airport security . 
“And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.” Revelation 13:16,17 (KJV) 
EDITOR’S NOTE: If you are waiting for the Mark of the Beast , you should know that the system that will surround and support the MOTB is already here and you are already a part of it. Every time you access any feature on any smart device, you are creating a record of you activity that is then recorded and stored in places like the Utah Data Center . Aren’t you glad that the Pretribulation Rapture removes us believers before the Beast makes his appearance? I sure am. The future has already arrived people, pay attention. 
It’s called CLEAR and it’s now in operation at the airport’s McNamara Terminal . Certified as a “qualified anti-terrorism technology” by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, CLEAR has been used more than five million times to move travelers quickly through airport security lines at 16 other airports. CLEAR Transforms Houston Travel Experience and Homeland Security: 
“They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that’s validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics — we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face,” said CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen. Minority Report was like a prophecy of what the future would hold for us in the 21st century, and it’s all come true: 
Cohen said the initial sign-up process takes about five minutes and after that, getting through security lines should be a breeze. He said there are special lines for CLEAR customers that can be a great time-saver for travelers, who will still have to pass through X-Rays and body scans. 
“Our customers go through the TSA security process in minutes. They come to a CLEAR lane, that lane is going to be open and available for them to validate their identity on the spot, a process in itself that takes less than a second,” he said. 
Membership to use CLEAR costs $179 per year. New members who enroll at the airport receive a one-month free trial and can use CLEAR immediately. 
Airport officials they plan to install the CLEAR system at the North Terminal in the future. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
14039,Defense Board: White House Blocked Navy From S. China Sea Warship Passages,"Washington Free Beacon October 26, 2016 
Senior White House officials blocked the Navy from conducting needed freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea amid growing concerns that China is militarizing newly reclaimed islands, according to the Pentagon’s Defense Policy Board. 
A working paper produced in September 2015 by John Hamre, the policy board chairman, called for an immediate resumption of Navy warship passages to prevent China from taking over the strategic Southeast Asian waterway. 
The internal document was disclosed Monday by WikiLeaks as part of its latest batch of hacked emails from the account of John Podesta, campaign chairman for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. The Obama administration has accused “Russia’s senior-most officials” of hacking and leaking the emails posted to WikiLeaks and other sites in order to influence the 2016 election. 
The document was labeled “Chairman’s Working Notes of the Defense Policy Board – Chinese Island-Building in the South China Sea.” It was sent to Jake Sullivan, the Clinton campaign’s senior policy adviser, by Stuart Eizenstat, a Defense Policy Board member who was advising the campaign on internal Pentagon deliberations. This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 7:35 am Share this article",0
14040,Hillary Clinton,Al Qaeda reivindica la rotura del retrovisor de un BMW 325ci EL RECAMBIO TARDARÁ SEMANAS EN LLEGAR Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
14041,"Daniel Defense: Second Amendment Rights Come From God, Not Government - Breitbart","During the 2017 NRA Annual Meetings in Atlanta, Daniel Defense president and CEO Marty Daniel affirmed his conviction that Second Amendment rights come from God, not from government. [This is the same position our Founding Fathers held the same position they all supported with their signatures when signing the Declaration of Independence, which says:  We hold these truths to be   that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. —  That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. It is crucial to note two things in this portion of the Declaration: 1.  Thomas Jefferson sourced our rights in our “Creator,” not in government or in a majority vote of the population. 2. Jefferson sourced government’s power in the people. In other words, governments possess powers, not rights, and the U. S. government only has power because the people lend it a portion of the authority that they possess by birth. And the authority which the people lend government never communicates permission to infringe on the rights with which the people were endowed. (This is why James Madison used Federalist 46 to stress that “ultimate authority  …    resides in the people alone. ”) Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense. Marty told Breitbart News that the Second Amendment must be protected because it is sourced in our Creator. He juxtaposed Second Amendment rights with the gospel and said that he views it as his job to protect both because both flow to us from God. Marty said, “We are in business, we believe, to be a supporter of the gospel. And, therefore, a supporter of the Second Amendment. In other words, not only do we have these Second Amendment rights because God gives them to us but also the gospel. ” Marty went on to stress his conviction that Daniel Defense “[supports] the freedom of the gospel by supporting the Second Amendment. ” It is interesting to note that President Donald Trump struck a similar tone when speaking to the   Leadership Forum on April 28. Trump said, “Freedom is not a gift from government, freedom is a gift from God. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
14042,"Some cities, including SF, are allowing illegals to vote","Print 
“Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,” Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There’s no evidence to support the Republican nominee’s claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include noncitizens. 
The latest is San Francisco, where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city’s public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all. “One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn’t have a voice,” says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants. “We’ve had legal immigrants who’ve had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.” Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the “broken immigration system in this country.”",0
14043,President Elect Trump: A New Era of Unpredictability Awaits,"By Makia Freeman President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th,... ",0
14044,Being an utter cock no barrier to success,"Being an utter cock no barrier to success 09-11-16 THERE is no ‘glass ceiling’ for utter cocks any more, it has been confirmed. Donald Trump’s election success has been hailed as a victory by the cock, arsehole and bellend communities, who have for centuries struggled to gain acceptance in mainstream society. Total cock Roy Hobbs said: “Farage gave us hope, Trump has given us freedom. No longer will being an utter penis be frowned upon. “I can polish the ‘No Turning’ sign at the end of my driveway with pride, and drive my white 2011 BMW 7 Series right up anyone’s arse without fear of reproach. “The world told me I was wrong. But I was right, or rather if I was wrong it doesn’t matter any more. “I am an utter cock, hear my cry.” 
Share:",0
14045,PRIMEROS VIDEOS: las consecuencias del fuerte terremoto en Italia,"PRIMEROS VIDEOS: las consecuencias del fuerte terremoto en Italia   18:14 GMT | Última actualización: 26 oct 2016 21:45 GMT 
Dos sismos de magnitud 5,6 y 6,1 han sacudido este miércoles la parte central de Italia. El Coliseo de RomaTony Gentile Tony Gentile Reuters   
Un sismo de magnitud 5,6 ha sacudido la parte central de Italia, según informa GEOFON . Sin embargo, el Centro Sismológico Europeo del Mediterráneo (IEMSC, por sus siglas en inglés) ha asegurado que la intensidad del terremoto ha sido de 5,5. — Claudio Paudice (@clapaudice) 26 октября 2016 г. 
El temblor se ha registrado a 66 kilómetros de Perugia (Umbría, Italia) a las 19:11, hora local. El foco se ubicó a dos kilómetros de profundidad y el epicentro se situó 37 kilómetros al oeste de la localidad de Ascoli Piceno —gravemente afectada por un fenómeno similar el pasado 25 de agosto— y 132 kilómetros al nordeste de Roma, la capital del país, en donde también se ha sentido. Así se sintió el #sismo en el centro de Italia pic.twitter.com/b8QLLnvz6M [Vía @annap905 ]",0
14046,Young Migrants Wreak Havoc In Bavarian City,"While much of Germany was at relative peace on New Year’s Eve the Bavarian city of Augsburg was not, as migrants carried out random acts of violence and sexual assault. [Police in Augsburg say that migrants were responsible for several incidents on New Year’s Eve including a stabbing that left one man injured. Several other incidents involving fireworks used as weapons also led to several victims being injured, and a firework that was shot at a police vehicle caused an accident costing 50, 000 euros’ worth of damage, reports Augsburger Allgemeine.  Amongst the reported stabbings, an Iraqi migrant stabbed a Syrian migrant with a pocket knife during an argument. The Syrian was stabbed in the thigh and is not reported to have suffered severe injuries. Another stabbing occurred at the main New Year’s Eve party in the city as one man of German origin attacked a young man in the torso resulting in severe injuries and hospitalisation. Fireworks were also employed by several migrants to attack and cause damage to property. Police say that three Syrian migrants deliberately targetted revellers with fireworks at the main intersection at Königsplatz in the city centre. Emergency service workers were also targetted. In one case, a fireman attempting to aid a man who was hit in the eye with a firework was also shot at with fireworks.  Police spokesman Friedhelm Bechtel said he was “sad and stunned” that those celebrating would turn on their fellow man on New Year’s Eve and that they would attack emergency services who were trying to help those injured. Sexual assault, which was rampant during the 2015 New Year’s celebrations across Germany, and specifically in Cologne, also occurred in Augsburg. Police say that three Afghan migrants sexually assaulted two    women in a nightclub grabbing their buttocks and harassing them until the migrants were eventually removed. The men, aged 19, 21, and 37, fought on their way out of the club. The New Year’s Eve celebrations in Cologne went off without any major incident due to the heavily increased police presence this year, but not everyone was pleased with police tactics.   activists have accused police of “racial profiling” because the authorities specifically controlled North African migrants, who were largely responsible for the attacks last year. During police operations in Cologne on New Year’s Eve, a    Syrian migrant was arrested following intelligence that he was planning a terror attack that evening. The migrant had previously been arrested for   offences.",0
14047,No One Tried to Assassinate Donald Trump … But Austyn Crites Shows Up in WikiLeaks 7 Times,"By Daisy Luther UPDATED: Although it doesn’t appear that Austyn Crites was trying to assassinate Donald Trump, it’s very interesting that he does appear in... ",0
14048,Error'd: Going Fast,"Mark Bowytz Besides contributing at @TheDailyWTF, I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine, and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage. 
""This building is sinking so fast that it lost 4 floors between the headline and the body,"" writes Hans . 

""I was looking for a new fridge, for some reason this one didn't quite have the features I was looking for,"" writes Tim D. 

Matt R. wrote, ""Well, I guess the Microsoft Time Estimator has a new job!"" 

""Work is sponsoring a flu shot clinic and the clinic wants to make it really easy for Marylanders,"" writes Rick B. , ""Or really hard...it rejects all but one of the MD entries!"" 

""So, does an inverted dropdown turn into a riseup?"" wrote Tomi A. 

Jordan B. writes, ""Wait, exactly how much storage does Database Engine Tuning Advisor need? I don't think they make hard drives INT64_MAX megabytes in size..."" 

""I didn't know you could 'oSettingsEvent.comest' your audio setup or '.mog' into a meeting,"" writes Peter , ""It doesn't get any easier in French either."" 
[Advertisement] Incrementally adopt DevOps best practices with BuildMaster , ProGet and Otter , creating a robust, secure, scalable, and reliable DevOps toolchain.",0
14049,Those Damn Emails,"Written by Peter Van Buren Saturday November 19, 2016 In the end, the emails mattered. How much they mattered — how many votes went to Trump, how many would be-Clinton supporters stayed home, how many voted third party — we’ll never know.Clinton supporters were surprised the emails mattered at all, because they had been fed a regular and often fully-factually wrong diet by the majority of the media. There was some good reporting on what the emails meant, and how classification works, but it was almost all on right-of-center websites Clinton people did not read, and blithely dismissed as biased when the sites were brought to their attention. And yeah, sometimes things got a bit too partisan in tone, but the facts were also there.After holding a security clearance for some 23 years, I tried, for some 18 months, to write as intelligently as I could about the damn emails. I tried to explain, in detail, what the whole thing meant, and that it was a significant problem for Clinton. Not bragging, just telling. If you’d like to read back through what I’ve had to say and judge yourself, here it is . There’s a lot there, so if you just want a taste, here .But I do want to make this as clear as possible, so… — All (not insignificant) questions of legality aside, the emails were about judgement, especially poor judgement. Clinton skirting/violating all rational thought and rules to set up a fully independent email server unprecedented in scope and scale, bypass federal records laws and the requirements of the Freedom of Information Act, and establish no oversight on the flow of classified information, is not the level of judgment a president must display. Yeah, I know, Trump, but this is about why Hillary Clinton emails mattered and whether anyone likes it or not Trump is the president-elect in part because of the emails.— The most basic tenant of the classified world is that you simply do not expose classified material on an unclassified system. That’s why classified systems exist. This is at the “duh” level. Opinions differ on what should be classified, over-classification is a big problem, yada yada, but those issues are not resolved by circumventing the classified world. To more than a few voters, that seemed obvious. It also again speaks to judgement. There were many experts who explained this, but it seems most Clinton supporters listed to John Oliver instead.— Nobody (the Republicans, the FBI, etc.) created any of the core mess except Hillary Clinton. She then seemingly took every chance to dig the hole deeper, shifting her explanations, allowing information to drip drip drip out over the length of the campaign, and all the rest until everything collapsed around the pathetic human wreckage of Anthony Weiner. — As an added problem, “the emails” in many voters’ minds became shorthand for a range of issues related to trust, ethics, and propriety, including the Clinton Foundation, pay-for-play, and the Goldman-Sachs speeches. — Clinton’s opponents inside and outside the government took advantage of the emails — kinda what opponents do — but none of that would have been possible if Clinton had not created all of this herself. Take this campaign, put up Sanders or Biden instead of Clinton, subtract out all of the negatives associated with the emails, and run a little thought experiment on how many votes that may have been worth. Reprinted with permission from WeMeantWell.com . Related",0
14050,"Unsurprisingly, this Ku Klux Klan leaflet has a spelling mistake","Next Prev Swipe left/right Unsurprisingly, this Ku Klux Klan leaflet has a spelling mistake The Ku Klux Klan are apparently handing out these leaflets in Louisiana ahead of the US election next week – sadly they’re so consumed with xenophobia they confused “polls” and “poles”. The Ku Klux Klan is distributing these packets in Sabine Parish, LA. Thankfully, they're asking voters go to the poles, not the polls. pic.twitter.com/4sFvFIQ7lB 
— Lamar White, Jr (@CenLamar) October 31, 2016",0
14051,"Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists’ Oil Facilities","Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists’ Oil Facilities By South Front on October 27, 2016 …from SouthFront 
In northeastern Aleppo, the Syrian army and Liwa al-Quds also continued operations against Jaish al-Fatah militants (mostly members of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki). The main clashes took place inside the neighborhoods of Bustan Al-Basha and ‘Ard Al-Hamra. Pro-government forces argue that the Syrian military seized the whole ‘Ard Al-Hamra Neighborhood. However, this has not been confirmed. On October 27, the government forces also launched an offensive on the strategic Hanano Youth Housing Complex. Fierce clashes are ongoing there. 
In southwestern Aleppo, the army and allies have repelled another attempt by militants to retake the Air Defense Battalion Base. 5 militants were killed. Local sources say that Iranian military servicemen were operating in the area along with Syrian troops. 
The Kurdish YPG launched a series of attacks on the alliance of Turksih-backed militant groups known as the Free Syrian Army (FSA) in the area northwest of Al-Bab. 
YPG units entered the villages of Til Madîq, Hecinê, Qarami, Jabal Na’i and Mişerefê. Some pro-Kurdish sources argue that some villages have been already taken. 
The Syrian air strike allegedly killed one of the FSA highest ranking commanders in northern Homs – the Chief of Staff for the Free Syrian Army, Colonel Shouki Ayyoub – on October 26. Ayyoub had played an important role in creation a brand of the FSA. 
The Syrian Army and the National Defense Forces (NDF) continued to attacks Jaish al-Islam militantsnear the strategic city of Douma in Eastern Ghouta. Fierce clashes took place in the area of al-Reihan and along a road connecting Tal Kurdi and Douma. The army also advanced near near al-Shifouniyeh town. The clashes resulted in killing of 22 militants and destroying of 3 technical vehicles with machine guns. The government forces lost some 8 fighters and a vehicle. 
Actions of the Russian air grouping in Syria have resulted in a 70% decrease of the oil trafficking by the ISIS terrorist group, Vitaly Naumkin, President of the Institute of Oriental Studies at the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS) said on October 26. According to the RAS’ information, the Russian Aerospace Forces have destroyed over 300 facilities involved in the production and transportation of oil and oil products. 
Naumikn added that efforts of the Russian military allowed the government forces to liberate 568 settlements, including 150 towns. Some 3700 militants have surrendered to the Syrian government and 847 settlements jointed to the reconciliation process promoted by Moscow. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 27, 2016, With 425 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments One Response to "" Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists’ Oil Facilities "" JohnZ October 27, 2016 at 8:29 am 
300 facilities destroyed. Looks like Erdogman is going to have to take a loss on this. Too bad he can’t use the IRS profit/loss. Ha, ha. Now one of his mistresses will have to drive that Mercedes for another year and that worthless son of his is going to have to get a real job; one he is more suited for like street cleaning. Things just keep going from bad to worse for the RKM/NWO gangsters. 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
14052,Illegal Migrant Abandoned in Desert Calls 911 for Help,"A severely dehydrated illegal alien called 911 pleading to be rescued after becoming lost in the desert near the Arizona border with Mexico. Human smugglers apparently abandoned the man and left him to die. [Border Patrol agents from the Tucson Sector, including a Border Patrol Search Trauma and Rescue (BORSTAR) team, saved the Mexican national. The man was struggling to maintain consciousness when agents found him.  The foreign national called 911 and told dispatchers he was lost in the desert, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officials. The Pima   Dispatch notified Border Patrol agents after officials determined that the 911 caller was in a remote area west of Sells, Arizona. Sells is in Pima County. The remote community is located in teh Tohono O’Odham Nation Reservation which borders the state of Sonora, Mexico. The caller provided enough information to dispatchers for them to determine his general location. Border Patrol agents found the man struggling for his life. BORSTAR agents responded with their emergency medical training, giving him immediate help. Agents called a Life Flight evacuation helicopter for transport. Life Flight flew the illegal migrant flown to a Tuscon hospital for treatment. A statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from CBP officials said the Mexican national would be processed for   violations after being released from the hospital. The release from CBP notes: Unscrupulous smugglers often abandon migrants in the desert who fall behind. As a result, many perish every year. Border Patrol officials encourage anyone in distress to call 911 or activate a rescue beacon before becoming a casualty. In the fiscal year 2016 Tucson Sector Border Patrol agents rescued over 1, 400 persons with many of those rescues conducted in the western Arizona region. Breitbart Texas follows the plight of those left to die by human smugglers, including children. In   this writer reported Border Patrol agents assigned to the El Centro Sector found a    girl who had been abandoned by smugglers. The agents observed a group of illegal immigrants trying to cross the International Border illegally near Mount Signal. One of the individuals fled back into Mexico, and another jumped into a vehicle and absconded leaving the little girl alone. Officials later determined that the    to be a Guatemalan citizen. Parents who turn their children over to callous   human smugglers are risking the lives of their children, agents with CBP have warned. In order to escape, these traffickers will frequently abandon a child in a dangerous place to distract Border Patrol agents. If a person being smuggled falls behind for any reason, such as dehydration, injury, or exhaustion, the coyotes will simply leave them behind to die in the desert. Often times, the deaths of these migrants place financial hardship on small border counties near and along the U. S.  border. These communities often bear the cost of having to dispose of human remains of illegal immigrants left by these callous human smugglers. Breitbart Texas reported that Brooks County, Texas, saw an increase in 2016 in the numbers of deaths of these aliens. “Finding the remains of 55 humans in this county of about 15, 000 people is overwhelming for a sheriff’s office with seven deputies,” then   Benny Martinez told Breitbart Texas. “When a deceased immigrant is found, our office is tasked with recovering the remains, identifying the victim, and burying the remains. With our very limited resources, this is a daunting set of tasks. ” By year’s end, officials in the county had recovered the remains of 61 human smuggling victims. The area 80 miles north of the   border has become known as the Brooks County killing fields. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
14053,Singer Joy Villa Sees Sales Spike after ’MAGA’ Grammys Dress,"Singer Joy Villa’s album sales spiked significantly after the   ’s   Trump Grammys dress set social media on fire Sunday. [Villa walked the red carpet wearing a     dress decorated with Trump’s “Make America Great Again” slogan. Hours after unveiling the gown, digital sales for Villa’s album, I Make the Static, climbed to the top spot on Amazon’s list of top 100 digital albums.  The 2014 rock album’s sales also spiked, hitting the number seven spot on the iTunes top albums list, Fox News reports. According to the screenshot she shared, the singer’s album was beating albums by more   artists like Big Sean and Lady Gaga, the latter of whom performed during Sunday night’s ceremony. As of 9 a. m. Pacific Time on Monday, Villa’s album was at the #11 spot on the iTunes charts, while Lady Gaga’s The Fame was at #33 and Beyoncé’s Album of the   Lemonade was at #90. Blown away and overwhelmed by the positive feedback, Villa thanked her “amazing fans and supporters,” which she said had left her “speechless. ” “I’m speechless  …    you, my amazing fans and supporters have put me to #16 on the iTunes Top Albums Charts! ,” the singer wrote on Instagram.  🎶I’m speechless  …    you, my amazing fans and supporters have put me to #16 on the iTunes Top Albums Charts! 😯😱🎶#imakethestatic #itunestopalbum #itunescharts #joyvilla #joyvillagrammys #maga #godblessamerica @mwprinc @thorstenovergaard @officialandresoriano @itunes @realdonaldtrump, A photo posted by Joy Villa (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 11:32pm PST,  Villa said she wanted to make a statement and “go boldly and give no effs. ” The singer’s message was apparently   though not everyone liked it. From calls for her death to degrading insults, the   “tolerant” left smeared Villa for daring to express a political view not in accordance with their own. Last year, teenage classical singer Jackie Evancho saw sales of her albums skyrocket following news that she was to perform the National Anthem at Trump’s inauguration.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
14054,Egon von Greyerz,"134742 Views November 05, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Egon von Greyerz (EvG): Founder and Managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Management AG & GoldSwitzerland – EvG forecasted the current economic problems over 12 years ago. In 2002 (gold $300/ oz.) MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. EvG specialises in M&A and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. MAM (based in Zurich, Switzerland) specialises in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals as well as institutions. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. About Us – Matterhorn Asset Management / GoldSwitzerland – GoldSwitzerland is the precious metals investment division of Matterhorn Asset Management AG (MAM), a Swiss asset management company specialising in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals and institutions. GoldSwitzerland advises investors on precious metals investments and buys, sells, transfers and stores precious metals for investors. The metals are stored in the name of the clients in ultra-secure vaults in Switzerland. MAM also assists clients in transferring existing gold and silver holdings out of the banking system to the private vaults. Clients have full control of their gold and silver bars which are allocated and segregated. Clients have personal access to the vaults to inspect or collect their metals. MAM is associated with the Aquila Group, Switzerland’s largest independent asset management group. 
Why Gold & Why GoldSwitzerland – There are times in history when protecting your wealth should be the primary objective of your investment strategy. As Mark Twain said: “I am more concerned about the return of my money than the return on my money.” To preserve wealth in a fragile financial system, involves investing in assets which have no counterparty risk. Gold is not an investment, it is real money. Gold reflects governments ongoing deceitful action in destroying the value of paper money. Matterhorn Asset Management (MAM) has invested in physical gold for clients for over 10 years. Back in 2002 we advised our investors to buy physical gold for up to 50% of their financial assets. The image shows how in 1913 you could buy nearly 50 oz of gold for $1,000 and today only 0.75 oz. Thus against real money – GOLD – the dollar has declined 98% since the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the USA in 1913. But it is not only the dollar that has declined in value, all major currencies have lost 97-99% against gold since 1913. Until 1971 the US dollar was backed by gold. Since Nixon abolished the gold backing, money printing started in earnest and in the last 41 years the dollar lost 98% in real terms . Egon von Greyerz: Founder and managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Managment AG & GoldSwitzerlan – EvG forecasted the current present problems in the world economy over 12 years ago. In 2002 when gold was $300 per ounce, MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. Egon von Greyerz started his working life in Geneva as a banker and thereafter spent 17 years as Finance Director and Executive Vice-Chairman of a FTSE 100 company in the UK. Since the 1990s EvG has been actively involved with financial investment activities including Mergers and Acquisitions and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. This led to the creation of Matterhorn Asset Management an asset management company based on wealth preservation principles. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. EvG makes regular media appearances such as on CNBC, BBC and King World News and speaks at investment conferences around the world. He also publishes articles on precious metals, the world economy and wealth preservation. About author",0
14055,"AMAZING VIDEO : Hispanics for Trump in Miami Storm the Polls, HORNS BLASTING, Shouting “USA! TRUMP!” – TruthFeed","AMAZING VIDEO : Hispanics for Trump in Miami Storm the Polls, HORNS BLASTING, Shouting “USA! TRUMP!” AMAZING VIDEO : Hispanics for Trump in Miami Storm the Polls, HORNS BLASTING, Shouting “USA! TRUMP!” Videos By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
Don’t listen to the LYING North Korea style media, who say minorities do not support Trump. 
The truth is, Donald Trump has AMAZING minority support. 
And his Hispanic support in Florida is outstanding! 
At one Miami precinct, voters began a parade-like storm, shouting “USA” and “Make America Great Again” as they arrived at the polls to vote for America First! 
Watch the video: @realDonaldTrump latinos storming precinct 10 sw Miami to vote for our one and only president Trump!! pic.twitter.com/liu4LDey4z 
— El Galope Finca (@ElGalopeFinca) October 31, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
14056,International Women’s Strike Message: ’Decolonize Palestine’’,"TEL AVIV  —   The organizers of Wednesday’s International Women’s Strike, which includes a convicted Palestinian terrorist, have expressed their support for the “decolonization of Palestine” and said they are against the “white supremacists in the current government. ”[“Against the open white supremacists in the current government and the   and   they have given confidence to, we stand for an uncompromising   and   feminism,” the platform published on their website.  “This means that movements such as Black Lives Matter, the struggle against police brutality and mass incarceration, the demand for open borders and for immigrant rights and for the decolonization of Palestine are for us the beating heart of this new feminist movement. We want to dismantle all walls, from prison walls to border walls, from Mexico to Palestine. ” One of the march’s   is Rasmea Odeh, a former member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) designated by the U. S. as a terrorist group. Odeh was arrested for her alleged involvement in two bombings in the late 1960s. Two Israeli university students were killed and nine more were injured. In 1980, Odeh was freed from an Israeli jail as part of a prisoner exchange deal, and a decade later emigrated to the U. S. She recently made headlines again after being charged with immigration fraud for lying about her terrorist background when applying for U. S. citizenship. In an oped published by the Guardian last month entitled, “Women of America: we’re going on strike. Join us so Trump will see our power,” Odeh and her cohorts urged the mobilization of women  —   including trans women  —   to strike against “attacks on Muslim and migrant women, on women of color and working and unemployed women, on lesbian, gender nonconforming and trans women. ” Odeh has also been invited to deliver an address at the upcoming National Member Meeting for Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP). The leftwing organization said it was “honored to feature the deeply respected Palestinian   …     feminist leader,” and added that the accusations against her “stem from a context of     and   persecution by both the Israeli state and the United States, policies which are escalating under the Trump administration. ” JVP added that that her label as a terrorist is a concoction of “Israeli apartheid. ” At the JVP summit, Odeh will speak alongside Linda Sarsour, the     activist who made headlines for becoming the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit against Trump’s executive order on immigration.",0
14057,Ten Dead After Explosion in Saint Petersburg Metro Station,"14 are believed to have been killed and over 30 wounded after an explosion on the Saint Petersburg metro on Monday afternoon. [Read the original story below.   Russia’s international news agency RIA Novosti reports the Russian President Vladimir Putin has been alerted to the explosion, which the agency calls an “attack”. It is possible there have been up to ten fatalities and dozens of injured, according to the agency. According to reports in   media several casualties have been reported at the Institute of Technology station, and Sennaya Square station of the Saint Petersburg metro. Security services and medical first responders are on the scene. All central Saint Petersburg metro stations have been closed, and security provision has been stepped up in other Russian cities including the capital, Moscow. Vladimir Putin has expressed condolences and said the state security services were looking into “all positive motives” including terror motives.  #взрыв на двух станциях в Питере. Взрыв прогремел в вагоне поезда в петербургском метро, станции «Технологический институт» и «Сенная площадь» закрыты на вход и выход, сообщает подземка. «Станции «Технологический институт» и «Сенная площадь» закрыты на вход и выход, поезда следуют без остановки. Происходит эвакуация пассажиров, есть пострадавшие»  —   говорится в релизе. «Предположительно, в вагоне произошел взрыв неустановленного предмета»  —   сообщает метрополитен. A post shared by @jewelryhole on Apr 3, 2017 at 5:21am PDT,  Several users of social media have shared images and videos that purport to come from the scene. One shared to YouTube shows a   concourse between platforms. Other pictures shared through Twitter apparently show a wrecked train carriage and victims of the blast laid out on the platforms, with what appears to be blood smeared on the white marble columns that support the station’s roof.    This story is developing",0
14058,Trump (finally) Plays Antiwar Card (a little),"License DMCA 
I woke up yesterday (Thursday) to a small but somewhat encouraging snippet on page 19 of my local (German) paper headlined ""Trump: Clinton Risking World War,"" referring to Trump's remarks on Tuesday in a Reuters interview that was headlined ""Trump says Clinton policy on Syria would lead to World War Three."" 
The five-sentence German article ended with this: ""Critics noted that such [no-fly zones as proposed by Clinton] might have to be enforced militarily."" This was apparently (back-translating from the German) a translation of ""Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets"" (Reuters). 
The Reuters article goes on to say: ""Clinton's campaign dismissed the criticism, noting that both Republican and Democratic national security experts have denounced Trump as unfit to be commander-in-chief.""""'Once again, he is parroting Putin's talking points and playing to Americans' fears, all while refusing to lay out any plans of his own for defeating ISIS or alleviating humanitarian suffering in Syria,' Clinton spokesman Jesse Lehrich said in a statement."" 
The New York Times and other mainstream outlets reported similarly. I suppose this is considered ""balanced"" coverage -- as if what Lehrich or ""Clinton's campaign"" said was a substantive response to what Trump has finally said clearly and should be obvious. To their credit, the BBC did add (at the end of a 21-sentence article) that Trump ""echoes concerns raised last month at a congressional hearing by the highest-ranking military officer in the US armed forces."" 
""Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford told lawmakers a 'no-fly zone' in Syria could spell war with Russia. 'Right now, senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,' Gen. Dunford told the Senate Arms Services Committee."" - Advertisement - 
At this point, just days before the election, it is probably too late, but it would be Trump's last opportunity to appear statesmanlike, and also save the planet from the catastrophic military adventurism that Clinton seems bound to embark on if she becomes commander-in-chief. At the least it would be a chance to ratchet up popular protest against the warmongering that has driven virtually all U.S. foreign policy since WWII, and is now taking us (and by ""us"" I mean the world) directly toward the precipice of WWIII. 
""Stop demonizing Russia; work with them, not against them."" This is the message that needs to be shouted from the rooftops, and surely Trump has access to experts like Stephen Cohen, Ray McGovern, Robert Parry and others who can help him do so. He should be able to easily ""trump"" the empty arguments of the bellicose Russia-bashers, even if the latter are aligned across party lines against him -- and against us, since the war they are pushing for will be global. How stupid does one have to be to propose ""no-fly zones"" when the highest military officer in the country says it would result in war with Russia? How stupid does one have to be to believe that Putin is ""Hitler,"" that Russia shot down MH17 and is guilty of ""aggression"" on the eastern European borders, in Ukraine, and in Syria, without ever questioning the ""evidence"" for any of these assertions, much less the equally problematic role the U.S. has played in every case? Yet this is the mainstream narrative, repeated uniformly and relentlessly at every turn. 
Trump is obviously not the best candidate in this race (Jill Stein is), but he is right on this most important issue of relations with Russia, which should have been the No. 1 issue from the beginning. So there is still a slight chance that Trump (and Stein also!) can at least go down with a (non-nuclear!) bang, not a whimper -- by giving peace, and reason, a chance. We should all hope that happens. - Advertisement -",0
14059,"98-Year-Old Grandmother Writes 7,000 Letters to U.S. Troops Abroad - Breitbart","A grandmother from California has brought   to a new art form by sending   letters to troops stationed overseas. [Alleen Cooper, 98, has written thousands of letters to service members since World War II and continues to write letters to the troops today, WGN reports.  Cooper, whose son served in the Vietnam War and has struggled with   stress syndrome since the war, sent her son letters while he served regularly. She said wanted to comfort soldiers who were in harm’s way or who were injured. “One in Florida, he had to have a new ear and I’m sure he was very, very depressed,” Cooper told WHNT. She began a tally of how many letters she has written six years ago, and has sent nearly 7, 000 of them to date. The letters are up to four pages long, and Cooper says she keeps track to make sure no two letters are identical. Inside Edition reports that soldiers have sent her flags and commendations from their bases as a token of thanks for the letters. Cooper said she also embraces newer technology to communicate with soldiers, such as video chat. Although she says her hands become tired, Cooper said she does not intend to stop writing letters anytime soon. “I decided I’m going to write as long as I can. And I just respect everything that you do,” Cooper said.  ",0
14060,A Biased Judge? Donald Trump Has Claimed It Before - The New York Times,"The circumstances sound eerily familiar: Donald J. Trump and his legal team had suffered a setback in a major court case. So they leveled an attack on the presiding judge, calling him irredeemably biased and unfair. “Your Honor,” wrote a lawyer for Mr. Trump, “harbors   antagonism that would make impartial adjudication impossible. ” The year was 2008, and Mr. Trump’s arguments closely resembled those he is now making against Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, a federal judge in California overseeing a class action lawsuit against the defunct Trump University. Today, Mr. Trump claims that Judge Curiel, who was born in Indiana, is incapable of objectively judging the case because of his Mexican heritage and record of being, in Mr. Trump’s words, “a hater of Donald Trump. ” Between 2008 and 2010, Mr. Trump’s lawyers went even further  —   turning angry accusations into an unusual,   legal campaign to remove not one but two New York judges who oversaw the lawsuit. One judge was an   man, the other a white woman. Taken together, the episodes highlight Mr. Trump’s unusual approach to the American judiciary: Unlike most parties in court cases, who try to curry the favor of judges, he can turn publicly hostile toward them, assailing their motives, biography and fitness. Over the past 48 hours, Mr. Trump expanded his musings about courts, doubting whether a Muslim judge could fairly adjudicate a trial involving him. That earned him a rebuke from Hillary Clinton, who wondered on Monday whether Mr. Trump would soon claim “that a woman judge couldn’t preside. ” Throughout a career that has been marked by legal proceedings that either involved or fascinated him, Mr. Trump has not always seen judges as the ultimate arbiters of legal principle, but as adversaries who deserve mockery or bulldozing when they do not agree with him. Even in cases where he is merely a spectator, Mr. Trump has plenty to say about those on the bench. The judge overseeing the 2014 trial in South Africa of Oscar Pistorius, the Olympic runner, for the murder of his girlfriend, was a “moron,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter. “Ridiculous decision,” he said of the   sentence. Mr. Trump ridiculed a Pennsylvania judge appointed by President Jimmy Carter as “not his most brilliant appointment,” and wrote that the judge was “a willing accessory” to any crimes of convicts she had released from prison. He does this despite his close ties to a federal judge, Maryanne Trump Barry, his sister. The New York case stands out. Mr. Trump and his lawyers singled out Justice Richard B. Lowe III, who was first elected to the New York Supreme Court in 2003. Throughout the case, which involved a Trump real estate development on the West Side of Manhattan and a partnership with Hong Kong businessmen, Justice Lowe issued orders Mr. Trump’s lawyers said were biased. By the end of the case, Mr. Trump’s top lawyer, Jay Goldberg, apologized for seeking to oust Justice Lowe from the proceedings, promising to never level such accusations against him again. But when the litigation was going on, Mr. Goldberg forcefully challenged Justice Lowe’s “fitness to serve in a judicial capacity,” accused him of “unwarranted bias toward Trump” and said that, “at every turn, Justice Lowe has shown that he is unable to comply with his duties,” according to a 2009 complaint Mr. Goldberg submitted to the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct. Mr. Goldberg, a longtime lawyer for Mr. Trump, claimed that Justice Lowe had betrayed a bias against Mr. Trump on two occasions. The first, he said, was when Justice Lowe declared, in his chambers and in the presence of a lawyer for Mr. Trump, that he would not allow Mr. Trump’s presence in the courtroom to intimidate him. The second, Mr. Goldberg said, was when Justice Lowe allegedly told Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York that he did not like Mr. Trump. Justice Lowe on Monday declined to comment on the case. During a 2009 hearing in which he denied Mr. Goldberg’s request for his recusal, he acknowledged that he had used the word “intimidate” in reference to Mr. Trump, saying he was generalizing that nobody could scare him. He also defended his rulings in the case and said any allegation that he had been unfair to Mr. Trump was “ . ” He questioned whether it was “an effort to change the course of this litigation by trying to get before another judge. ” In an interview, Mr. Rangel said he had not spoken to Justice Lowe in the past 20 years and had no recollection of ever discussing Mr. Trump with the judge. Mr. Goldberg, the congressman said, “has a hell of an imagination. ” The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, which oversees state and local judges in New York, took no action against Justice Lowe, a spokesman for the commission said. Steven Lubet, a Northwestern University law professor and legal ethics expert, said that filing a motion to remove a judge was “rarely sought and rarely granted,” not just in New York but across the country. The comments allegedly made by Justice Lowe, he said, would not be grounds for such a removal. “Those aren’t remotely close to what would disqualify a judge,” Mr. Lubet said. Neither Mr. Goldberg nor a Trump spokeswoman responded to a request for comment. As the real estate case wound its way through the legal system, morphing into a different suit with a different defendant, Mr. Trump’s lawyers sought the removal of a second state judge, Justice Eileen Bransten. Justice Bransten, they argued, had shown bias against Mr. Trump by calling his previous attempt to remove Justice Lowe “reprehensible. ’’ They did not succeed. Soon after, Mr. Goldberg, the Trump lawyer, withdrew his request that Justice Bransten recuse herself. “I consider my conduct wholly improper,” he wrote, “and for that I apologize, particularly to Justice Lowe, with assurances that it will never be repeated again. ”",0
14061,Where is Julian Assange?,"What are the options? 
Is Assange “still” alive (as WikiLeaks, perhaps tellingly, asserts), and if so, where is he? There are several possible permutations. Either: Assange is alive and well in the Ecuadorian Embassy in Hans Crescent, London, and simply keeping his head down (possibly in an attempt to create a news story and give more publicity to WikiLeaks). Assange is alive and has miraculously managed to escape from the Embassy without being picked up the UK police or CIA who were monitoring the building, and has reached or is making his way to, a safe haven (eg Russia). [Edit: It is also possible that Assange has been a spook all along, working for US/UK interests, and it was expedient to allow him to leave in secret – a face-saving solution for all concerned. He may yet re-emerge to continue his operation from somewhere slightly larger than a shoebox with access to sunlight and fresh air]. Assange is still alive, but now in captivity. This could be inside the Embassy, but far more likely, he has been removed and handed to the US authorities who have him in custody on “US controlled territory” (and where it is quite likely he is being tortured, like the thousands of nameless other “enemy combatants” before him). Assange has been murdered (possibly by poisoning). Either his body is being stored in a freezer at the Embassy building until the “appropriate” time to announce his death, or it may have already been removed. It is also possible that Assange was removed (or left) the Embassy alive, but has since been killed (ie a combination of 3 and 4). An option I did not initially consider is that Assange could have realised his arrest was imminent and taken an extreme, but logical step to ensure that he wasn’t captured. When faced with the prospect of torture, suicide would be the rational choice. Of course suicide may yet be presented as the official cause of death, and ironically, many people will not believe it. 
What does the evidence point to? 
The best “evidence” we have at the moment is several testimonials which purport that Assange is alive and well, inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, or news stories which are designed to make people infer that this is the case. However, these stories are either inconclusive, suspect or have been proven to be false, in other words they may just be distractions and misdirection. There have been other posts covering this subject , but these distraction stories include: the Pamela Anderson vegan sandwich visit on 15 October (somewhat compromised by her cryptic “torture” reference). Update: Pamela Anderson has tweeted this “gift” of two mice for Assange’s cat on 25 October the statement by Ecuador that they were cutting off Assange’s internet on October 16 (a cover story to obscure the fact Assange was already incapable of communicating?) the Wikileaks employee visit/tweet on 17 October (since disavowed) the Craig Murray whisky visit on October 18. the pointless Metropolitan police vehicle story the numerous old Assange videos being re-posted as “news” the idiotic red herring story involving images of Assange’s “escape” (which were actually Google StreetView images from two years ago) the 4-month old Michael Moore video being touted as current by WikiLeaks. the Wikileaks promises to provide hard evidence of Assange’s situation which have been reneged on. Weird tweets from WikiLeaks generally, including a ridiculous accusation that a major US ddos was the work of WikiLeaks supporters. 
Conversely, whilst there is an “absence of positive evidence” that Assange has been harmed or abducted from the Ecuadorian Embassy, there are numerous reasons to suggest this might the case. Final tweet from account known to be controlled by Julian Assange (Embassy Cat) on 15 October. the release of Wikileaks codes on 16 October there have been at least 9 days of non-communication by Assange, no proof of life provided, and no PGP signed document, despite repeated requests no rational explanation for this silence the sudden death of Gavin MacFadyen, the third (known) senior member of Wikileaks to die suddenly this year this redditor who visited Hans Crescent on 22 October, to find there was no police presence guarding the Embassy. Assange was under siege for over four years, with a permanent police detail outside the Embassy, with orders to arrest him if he tried to leave. Why were they removed? Mark Halperin of Politico attempted to meet with Assange on Friday 21, but was refused by a goon: “Assange too busy”- video. 
Bearing in mind the above, and the highly suspicious nature of the so-called “evidence” asserting that he is in good health, I think it is reasonable at this point to suspect that Assange has either been killed and/or is no longer inside the Ecuadorian Embassy, so either options 3 or 4, or probably both (option 5) bearing in mind that the US elite will not want to give Assange a trial where he could reveal any more information. 
Finally, if Assange has been subjected to extraordinary rendition and/or killed, we must assume that the UK, the US and the Ecuadorian governments are all complicit. It would mean that Ecuador’s President Rafael Correa was somehow turned by the US authorities (be it via money or threats, or both concerning Ecuador’s gold reserves being held in the US ) into secretly revoking Assange’s asylum. It would also mean that the UK authorities have illegally handed over Assange to the Americans without due legal process, knowing that Assange would be tortured and probably killed. 
But…let’s hope this has all been a bad dream. 
At this point, however, I think the best we can hope for is that Assange is fine and still in the Ecuadorian Embassy, because I think the escape option is by far the least likely of all these scenarios. 
TLDR: There has been no proof of life of Julian Assange for at least 9 days. Instead we have seen a raft of distraction stories (even from WikiLeaks itself) which are clearly designed to give the impression that Assange is alive and well. Some of these stories have been shown to be old footage or otherwise bogus. So it appears that WikiLeaks is compromised and that probably means Assange is no longer in the safety of the Ecuadorian Embassy. I supect the US authorities probably have the most information about Assange, and his current whereabouts, and we should probably fear the worst. 
As mentioned briefly above, Julian Assange was due to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors last week – on 17th October, at a meeting inside the Embassy. However, this meeting was called off just five days beforehand, on Wednesday 12 October, ostensibly because the lawyers “couldn’t make it”. This made me wonder whether it was perhaps Assange who was not available – in other words, could Assange have been out of commission earlier than we realised? Unlikely, perhaps. 
Not knowing when the Assange disappearance timeline truly begins is making it harder to discover what has happened to him.That said, the publication of WikiLeaks codes on twitter shortly after the Pamela Anderson “vegan torture” visit on 15 October is the most obvious starting point in the chronology. 
NOTE (26 October): I am updating this page as new information comes in. If you think there is something I have missed out, please notify me in the comments.",0
14062,"C.I.A., International Women’s Day, Barcelona: Your Thursday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • The C. I. A. is scrambling to contain the damage from WikiLeaks’ release of documents on its hacking programs, temporarily halting work on some projects. The F. B. I. which suspects a disaffected insider was behind the leak, is preparing to interview hundreds of people. Want to shield your tech products  —   such as iPhones, Android devices,   routers and Samsung televisions  —   from the C. I. A. ’s newly revealed hacking tools? Here are some tips. _____ • E. U. leaders are gathering in Brussels today and tomorrow for a summit meeting of the European Council. On the agenda: the future of Donald Tusk, the former prime minister of Poland, whose reappointment as president of the Council is opposed by his own country in an unprecedented situation. The Polish prime minister, Beata Szydlo, is expected to propose that Mr. Tusk be replaced by Jacek   a Polish member of the European Parliament since 2004. _____ • International Women’s Day events in Europe included a strike in France starting at 3:40 p. m.  —   symbolically the time of day when Frenchwomen stop being paid because of wage inequality. In Russia, the holiday ranks as the country’s largest single sales day for flowers. Women in Spain, where sexism and machismo are still deeply entrenched in the political establishment, were urged to halt their work for 30 minutes. In New York, a Wall Street firm put up a statue of a girl in front of Lower Manhattan’s bronze bull, fearlessly staring it down. _____ • A senior American general told Congress that Russia has deployed a prohibited cruise missile, the first public confirmation by the U. S. that the Kremlin had violated a landmark arms control agreement. Russia had denounced as “fake news” a New York Times article last month that first reported the violation. _____ • Russia’s RT network is regarded by many Western countries as the heart of a disinformation campaign designed to sow doubt about democratic institutions. But Russia insists the network is simply offering “alternative views” to the   news media. While U. S. intelligence agencies are investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters, “There is no reason that we have to think the president is the target of any investigation whatsoever. ” _____ • In his budget statement, Philip Hammond, above, the chancellor of the Exchequer, raised his growth forecast for the British economy, but said there was “no room for complacency” as Britain leaves the E. U. • Britain may have to pay the E. U. 2 billion euros in lost customs duties on Chinese clothing and shoes that were imported at artificially low prices. • Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany told lawmakers that she learned about the Volkswagen emissions fraud from the news media, and that she doesn’t consider it “a gigantic scandal. ” • Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, could face calls to end quantitative easing at the bank’s monetary policy meeting today. • Christie’s, the international auction house, plans to close its secondary salesroom in London and scale back its operation in Amsterdam as part of a companywide review. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • The Azure Window, a limestone arch in Malta, collapsed into the Mediterranean Sea after being battered by a storm. [The New York Times] • Some leaders of the Islamic State are fleeing Raqqa, their   capital, as U. S.  Syrian fighters close in, the U. S. military says. [The New York Times] • A Danish father and son discovered the wreckage of a German plane from World War II, along with the remains of a man who might have been its pilot. [The New York Times] • António Guterres, the U. N. secretary general, is proposing to stop paying countries that fail to investigate sexual abuse claims against their peacekeepers “in a timely manner. ” [The New York Times] • Barcelona pulled off one of the greatest comebacks in soccer history, overcoming a   deficit after its first game against Paris St.  to secure a berth in the Champions League quarterfinals. [The New York Times] • Elena Ferrante’s four Neapolitan novels will be made into a   Italian television series. [The New York Times] • More than 330 readers responded to our question on Monday about their morning routines. The top themes:   exercise, breakfast and, of course, coffee. We’d like to help power these routines, so here are our guides to meditation, running and, yes, brewing a better cup of coffee. And we’d encourage those who start the day with a healthy breakfast to stick to it  —   but the rest of us need not worry. As our health care writer has explained, “There’s nothing magical about breakfast. ” • Recipe of the day: Spicy tofu and Swiss chard make for delicious vegetarian tacos. • The architect who designed the Dubai Frame, a landmark building set to open this year, is suing the municipality over copyright infringement. • “Swing Low, Sweet Chariot,” a     spiritual that evokes the darkness of slavery, has become an English rugby anthem. • In memoriam: Gustav Metzger, a   artist and political radical who inspired Pete Townshend to smash his guitars and amps, has died at 90. Good night and good luck. The journalist Edward R. Murrow often ended his reports this way, but the signoff is usually remembered in connection to his CBS broadcast on this day in 1954. Murrow dedicated the entire episode of his show, “See It Now,” to analyzing Senator Joseph R. McCarthy’s hunt for Communists within America’s borders and the spectacle of his nationally televised hearings. “And upon what meat doth Senator McCarthy feed?” Murrow asked. “Two of the staples of his diet are the investigation, protected by immunity, and the  . ” One of Murrow’s more memorable quotes was, “We will not be driven by fear into an age of unreason. ” The senator was condemned by his colleagues later that year. The Times called the program “crusading journalism of high responsibility and genuine courage. ” The episode was depicted in a 2005 film directed by George Clooney. McCarthy responded to Murrow on his program a month later, calling him “the cleverest of the jackal pack which is always found at the throat of anyone who dares to expose individual Communists and traitors. ” Remy Tumin contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
14063,Joy Reid: Jeff Sessions Might be ’Trolling’ People of Color - Breitbart,"Saturday, MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid suggested Attorney General Jeff Sessions may be participating in the “trolling of people of color” when he met with Police Sgt. Edward Mullins to accept an award on behalf of his New York City police union.  Partial transcript as follows: He either is just indulging his obsessions or maybe some private prison interest maybe have an interest in him and he’s going to enrich them, or this is about a kind of trolling of people of color that is common in your party. Jefferson Sessions, amid the turmoil he’s facing now on Russiagate and other things, took the time out to be honored by a police union boss here in New York, a guy named Edward Mullens  —   an incredibly controversial guy. He’s been called “Crazy Eddie” by the former NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton. This is a guy who objected to the Eric Garner settlement, who said it was a travesty, who walked out when police had to admit that they beat, I think, a     man and they had to settle, he walked out and called that a travesty. He objected to Beyonce’s performance at the Super Bowl. This is an extremist and Jeff Sessions proudly stands next to him. Is this cultural trolling and Jeff Sessions is a member of a troll army? Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
14064,Political temperature has cooled down,"By Brig Asif H. Raja on November 3, 2016 
Asif Haroon Raja 
The political temperature that had begun to boil from 28 October onward became menacing on the following three days, but mercifully it scaled down dramatically on the evening of November 01 after Imran Khan (IK) decided to call off his much hyped foray into Islamabad (Isbd) on November 2. IK led PTI had been drumming up the Panama papers scandal since April 2016 and straining their lungs to demean Nawaz Sharif (NS) and implicate him and his family on charges of corruption and money laundering. Earlier on, IK had made rigging in 2013 elections into a big issue and undertaken 126-day sit-in at D-Chowk Isbd to implicate PML-N and topple the govt. Despite the physical assault on the parliament, PM House and the PTV, the protest fizzled out without achieving any results. IK had to tender an apology to the judicial commission when his legal team failed to produce any evidence to prove the rigging charge. IK covered up his embarrassment by saying that “rigging was just a political stunt for point scoring”. He then shifted his goal post from rigging to corruption and in that Panama scandal came as a godsend opportunity to push his chief rival against the wall and possibly unseat him. 
Irrespective of the fact that NS name was absent from the list of account holders in the offshore company in Panama, and several of his party’s leading lights including himself were maintaining offshore accounts, he insisted that accountability should start from NS and his two sons based in London and daughter Marium only and none else. He emphasized on immediate resignation of NS and quoted weak examples of PM of Iceland who had resigned and PM UK who presented himself for accountability. Other political parties like the PPP, JI, PML-Q and AML joined his battle to put NS in the dock. The two sides got locked over the issue of Terms of Reference (ToRs), the opposition demanding commencement of investigation by Supreme Court from NS and his family, while the govt maintained that NS name should be excluded since he had not been named, and that accountability should be across the board. The tussle consumed 6-7 months without any breakthrough. 
Feeling frustrated, IK once again decided to show muscle power on the streets and after several public meetings held a big gathering at Raiwind on Sept 30. He had all the intentions to move forward and organize a sit-in in front of Jati Umra (private residence of NS), but truculence expressed by PML-N activists and reluctance of other political parties to join him, coupled with heating up of LoC and threat of surgical strike by India restrained him, and he decided to wrap it up the same night. He however, pledged to invade and lock down Isbd on October 30 and force NS to quit or offer himself for accountability. He built up the tempo throughout October and made efforts to take as many political parties on board. Social media and electronic media in particular demonized NS and made him into an object of hate. Most political parties and saner elements advised IK to change his plan of confrontation in the wake of acceptance of case of Panama scandal for hearing by the Supreme Court, but he refused and remained adamant. 
Having discovered the foul intentions of PTI, the govt announced that all out efforts will be made to prevent the activists of PTI and their partners from besieging Isbd on October 30. Punjab Police and Frontier Constabulary were requisitioned to bolster the strength of Isbd Police and containers from all over Punjab were impounded to block the roads leading to Isbd. Hawks within the ruling party also flexed their muscles and showed readiness for the combat. 
In the meanwhile, GHQ’s annoyance over security leak gave a shot in the arm to the agitators and it was assumed that the Army would be on their side and Gen Raheel would raise his finger once the desired chaos was stoked. To neutralize one front, NS hastened to sack Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid and a high powered inquiry was ordered to trace the culprits and punish them. Pervaiz ouster was rejoiced by PTI but the sacrifice was considered too small. They wanted a bigger head to be rolled and their obvious target was NS and none else. Quite a few critics of Pervaiz are now shedding tears of sympathy. 
The date of incursion was advanced to November 2. Refusal of PPP and PAT to join up for the D Day was a setback for the PTI, but it decided to once again take the suicidal plunge single-handed. Its main dependence was on the main effort launched from KP by the PTI workers under the command of Chief Minister (CM) Pervez Khattak. IK repeatedly underlined that a force of one million will assemble in Isbd. Armed Tiger Force had been trained to deal with the police and paramilitary forces. Secondary effort was to be launched from the direction of Lahore and PML-Q activists under Ch brothers were to join the party from Gujrat. Purpose was to flood the capital city with people, choke the city, paralyze the administration, parliament and judiciary and give a fait-accompli to NS to either voluntarily step down peacefully, or be ready to be brought down forcibly. Tahirul Qadri’s zealots were expected to join the gathering to dig the last nail. 
NS ouster on yet to be proven corruption charges in their view would cook the goose of PML-N and victory will be theirs. Knowing that the Panama case didn’t have required strength to convict NS, they wanted to decide the case their way through street agitation. They also understood that each passing day was tilting the balance in favor of PML-N due to fast paced developments and CPEC and in next elections PTI’s chance of winning will become very bleak. For them, this was the only chance to get rid of NS, and hence decided to take a huge risk without constitutional and legal cover. Like in 2014, they assumed that Army was on their side. 
Blinded by their quest for power, they turned a blind eye to the possible socio-political turmoil that may erupt as a result of their reckless venture to scuttle the democratic process. They ignored the possibility of takeover by the Army in the wake of commotion. IK’s bellicosity and rashness was motivated by his rancor with NS family, and his obsession to acquire the coveted seat of PM. In every speech, he and Sheikh Rashid used foul language and ridiculed the PM brazenly. Many are of the view that IK may be having hidden malicious intentions to pursue sinister goals at the behest of hostile forces to Pakistan. His detractors particularly Maulana Fazlur Rehman, who himself has a shady past, dubs him as an agent of Israel. 
Others say that his fascist methods resemble MQM’s fascism and give strength to Indo-US-Israel-Western agenda to foment chaos. They have seen the fate of Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Syria and know that Pakistan is the next target. They particularly noted the ill-timed attack on Isbd when India and Afghanistan are breathing fire, the US is in highly rasping mood and China is getting worried over political uncertainty. Last time the sit-in was timed with the scheduled visit of President of China which got postponed for six months and this time the Peshawar-Isbd road blockade coincided with the passage of first convoy from Kashgar-Khunjarab to Gwadar along the western route. They ask as to why IK and his ilk cannot wait for May 2018 elections and gain power through a legitimate course rather than using high handed tactics. 
The preliminary offensive was intended to be launched under the garb of youth convention in Isbd on October 28. This gathering was to exert pressure from within the city once the pincers from KP and Punjab reached the premises of Isbd. Leaders and foot soldiers started collecting at Bani Gala which was to act as the command and control centre for “Operation Lockdown Isbd”. Having gained intelligence about the sinister plans afoot, the govt machinery sprang into action and ordered positioning of containers on all entry points into Isbd as well as in Bani Gala. When the protesters became rowdy, the police baton charged and arrested PTI workers of both genders. The scuffle and hide-and-seek which went on the whole night created a big scene and gave plentiful of grist to the media to sensationalize the event to the hilt. Planned meeting of Shiekh Rashid in front of his residence Lal Haveli could not take place on October 30 but the Sheikh managed to reach Committee Chowk riding a bike and delivered a short speech to the few people present there. This act of his was glorified by the media. 
The situation took a serious turn when the CM KP Pervaiz Khattak started a caravan from Swabi on October 31 and not only hurled highly jingoistic statements but made things nasty by adding ethnic color to his diatribe against the govt. Unmindful of his skinny and frail physique, he behaved like a conquering Rambo ready to trounce any hurdle placed in his way. He expressed his determination to reach Bana Gala at all cost on the following day. He has nothing impressive to brag about in KP. Most of development funds of the last year could not be spent and lapsed and no headway has been made on corruption. 
As regards the PTI, there are visible cracks within the party and several top leaders like Javed Hashmi and justice Wajihuddin have left the party. PTI leaders have tainted past and several leading lights are the turncoats of other parties. Performance of PTI in bye-elections, local bodies, Gilgit-Baltistan and AJK has been dismal. These factors when seen in the backdrop of impressive performance of PML-N in tackling energy crisis and existential threat of terrorism and in improving economic indicators, gives no plausible reason to the PTI to maneuver its premature downfall through hooliganism. 
The govt in anticipation had placed series of containers on the three interchanges along the motorway at Swabi, Hazro and Burhan and deployed heavy contingent of police equipped with heavy stocks of tear gas shells. Khattak made use of the cranes to remove the containers but the barrage of tear gas shells and baton charge by police had a toll on the PTI tigers. The caravan lost its steam and was ultimately grounded at Burhan. It was in this timeframe that the first cargo convoy of 100 vehicles was to cross the interchanges to reach the motorway of CPEC. Cognizant of its importance the Army soldiers helped in clearing the mess on critical interchanges. 
When IK realized that he and other leaders of his party stranded in his house in Bani Gala cannot move out and join party workers braving the hardships and that Khattak led men will not be able to reach Isbd, he was in a dilemma. Possibility of a bigger clash at Burhan resulting in casualties couldn’t be ruled out. The govt was in no mood to soften up its stance. The other factor was failure to mobilize the party workers and bring them to Isbd in sufficient numbers. The total strength didn’t exceed 20-25000. IK and his colleagues wanted to call off the sit-in but not the party men. The Supreme Court gave the much needed face saving formula by offering to frame the ToRs in case the govt and opposition parties failed to do so and also promised to start hearing the Panama case and expedite its completion as early as possible. IK was allowed to hold a peaceful meeting at parade ground. The court also ordered removal of containers. 
These offers were promptly accepted and IK announced the withdrawal on a triumphant note saying that November 2 will be celebrated as ‘Thanksgiving Day’ with fanfare. Rather than appreciating his decision, hyper media sank into a pool of sadness. Same was the case with opposition parties and PTI activists that were expecting the party to remain in full swing for full month if not more. Eight RAW/IB agents based in Indian High Commission in Isbd in the garb of diplomats having dangerous plans up their sleeves felt so depressed that they became indiscreet and got exposed. 
IK once again boasted of assembling one million but had to eat his words. True to commitment, the Supreme Court held its first session on November 3 in which NS and IK appeared. Next hearing of the court will be on Monday in which children of NS would also appear. IK and his team are very hopeful that the court would give verdict in their favor but in case of unfavorable decision, he will again come on the roads. Relations of PTI with PPP and PAT have become frosty, while Sheikh Rashid is also feeling out of sorts. Reportedly an understanding has been forged between PML-N, PPP and MQM-Altaf, but apparently the PPP is trying to change its posture from friendly to genuine opposition to outdo PTI. 
The writer is retired Brig, war veteran, defence analyst, columnist, author of 5 books, Vice Chairman Thinkers Forum Pakistan, DG Measac Research Centre, Member Executive Council PESS. aifharoonraja@gmail.com",0
14065,YouTube Stars Say They Were Removed From Delta Flight for Speaking Arabic - The New York Times,"Two Muslim American YouTube stars who were returning home to New York after a world tour said they were removed from a Delta Air Lines flight in London on Wednesday after other passengers expressed discomfort with their presence on the plane. Adam Saleh, 23, a filmmaker from Manhattan, and his friend Slim Albaher, 22, from Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, said they had been asked by the captain to leave their flight at Heathrow Airport after Mr. Saleh spoke in Arabic to his mother by phone, and he and Mr. Albaher followed up by speaking to each other in Arabic, causing alarm among British passengers on the flight. The news was met on social media with anger at the airline industry, but also skepticism, though passengers who were on the plane when it landed in New York corroborated the men’s story. Mr. Saleh, who has more than two million subscribers on YouTube, has a history of perpetuating video hoaxes and pranks, some of them aimed at exposing stereotypes about Muslims. In his latest YouTube video, posted this month, he pretended to smuggle himself onto a plane in a suitcase. In a phone interview Wednesday from Heathrow before he and Mr. Albaher boarded a later flight, Mr. Saleh said this was not a stunt. “The only thing I can say is, I would never film a phone video,” he said. “That’s when it’s really serious, and I must film. ” His video camera was in his luggage. Delta said in a statement on Wednesday evening that, based on information collected so far, the two customers removed from the flight “sought to disrupt the cabin with provocative behavior, including shouting. ” “What is paramount to Delta is the safety and comfort of our passengers and employees,” the airline said. “It is clear these individuals sought to violate that priority. ” Earlier in the day, Delta said that it was taking allegations of discrimination “very seriously. ” Camilla Goodman, a spokeswoman for London’s Metropolitan Police, confirmed that two passengers had been removed from the flight and that they “didn’t do anything lawfully wrong. ” They were not arrested, she said. Mr. Saleh and Mr. Albaher later boarded a Virgin flight to New York. In Periscope videos and the phone interview, Mr. Saleh and Mr. Albaher gave their version of events. Mr. Saleh said he had just spoken to his mother on the phone, in Arabic, to tell her when his flight would land. After the call, he and Mr. Albaher continued to speak briefly in Arabic until they were interrupted by a woman in front of them, who asked them to speak English because they were making her uncomfortable. They did not respond aggressively, Mr. Saleh said, but told her that they were speaking Arabic and asked whether she had ever heard another language. Then, Mr. Saleh said, a man with a British accent who appeared to be traveling with the woman swore at them and said they should be “chucked” off the plane. “At this point, me and Slim looked at each other,” Mr. Saleh said in the interview. “We didn’t know what to do. We felt like we were terrorists. ” The situation escalated, Mr. Saleh said, and other passengers joined in asking that Mr. Saleh and Mr. Albaher be kicked off the plane. Some of them mentioned Monday’s terrorist attack in Berlin, he said. After the disturbance continued for what Mr. Saleh said was about seven minutes, the captain was summoned, and he asked that the two men leave the plane with their baggage. At that point, Mr. Saleh started filming with his phone. He later shared the video, and others from the airport, on Twitter, where he has more than 250, 000 followers. Chris Ashford, 47, who was aboard the plane after a layover in London, said he believed that the woman had “overreacted. ” “She heard somebody speaking in Arabic and assumed the worst,” he said. He added that while he thought Delta had acted in the interest of some of its passengers, “I do think it was   kicking the guy off the plane and then removing his bags. ” The Rev. Karen Georgia Thompson, 51, was also on the plane. Although she said she could not judge the airline’s actions because she had only witnessed some of the disruption, Ms. Thompson did say that both parties should have been removed. “If you’re going to investigate, how are you going to investigate one side of an altercation?” she asked. In the video, Mr. Saleh is escorted from the plane as he points out passengers who were heckling him, yelling goodbye and waving at the camera. “You guys are racist,” Mr. Saleh shouts in the video as he describes the confrontation. “Six white people against us bearded men. ” With Mr. Saleh’s large following, the story quickly took off, and many people were immediately critical of Delta. Reports of Muslims’ being asked to leave planes have risen in recent months, according to advocacy groups. Zainab Chaudry, a spokeswoman for the Council on   Relations, the United States’ largest Muslim civil rights group, said in a phone interview on Wednesday, “More and more reports have been made of Muslims or Arabs, or people who were perceived to be Muslim or Arabs, who were removed from planes by airline personnel. ” “There isn’t one particular airline I can point to and say, ‘We’ve been hearing more reports on this airline than others,’” she said. “Delta has not been one of the more common offenders. ” In April, a college student was removed from a Southwest Airlines flight in California when he was heard speaking Arabic, a week after a Muslim woman was asked to leave another Southwest flight when she sought to switch seats. In May, an Italian professor was removed from an American Airlines flight because another passenger was alarmed by his handwritten notes, which were in fact math equations. Mr. Saleh and Mr. Albaher, who are best friends and frequently work together, had recently traveled to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and Sydney, Australia, to perform their stage show, which mixes comedy with inspirational speaking. Their fans are largely young,   Muslims from around the world, Mr. Albaher said, though he added, “A bunch of other people watch us too. ” Mr. Saleh was born and raised in New York City. After the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, he recalled, he was afraid to tell people he was Muslim, but he later embraced his culture and religion. “I wanted to show people we can have fun,” he said. “We can be normal just like everyone else. ”",0
14066,Dershowitz: Comey ’All About Preserving His Reputation’ - ’Cowardly’ - Breitbart,"On Saturday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz stated that former FBI Director James Comey is “all about preserving his reputation” and said Comey is “using his friends to get his point out. It’s cowardly. ”  Dershowitz said that he’s always liked Comey, but Comey has been “using his friends to get his point out. It’s cowardly. And I think it’s about time that Comey is confronted directly with  . He was a great director of the FBI, but when the whole Hillary Clinton thing began, he cared more about his reputation and his dignity than about what was good for America. ” Dershowitz added, “I’d want to find out if he was the source of the leaks of the memo that he was quoted in. Second, I would ask him why he didn’t talk directly, why he’s using his friends. I would go back to his decisions to speak to the public. ” He continued that while he disagreed with President Trump’s reported characterization of Comey as a “nutjob,” calling him a “showboat” is “not a bad characterization. ” He further stated Comey’s motives are “all about preserving his reputation above everything else. ” Dershowitz further argued that Comey revealed Clinton investigation because thought Clinton was going to win, and he would be faulted by Trump supporters for not revealing the investigation, and so Comey revealed the Clinton investigation to preserve his reputation. Dershowitz also stated that he believes Trump fired Comey due to Comey’s statement that he felt sick over the prospect that he might have influenced the election. Dershowitz concluded that the Russia investigation should be handled by an independent commission, not a special counsel, “because I don’t see any crimes. Let’s take the   scenario, let’s assume that Trump —  which it didn’t happen —  the Trump campaign got together with the Russians and said, let’s make Trump president because he’s better than Hillary Clinton. Terrible politically, what’s the crime?   …     Or he leaks material —  he shouldn’t have —  to the Russians about the Israeli spy. Terrible, he shouldn’t have done it.   …     But there’s no crime. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
14067,NATO fighter jets on constant watch for Russian jets above Baltic states,"NATO fighter jets on constant watch for Russian jets above Baltic states 11/08/2016 
DAILY MAIL Russian fighter jets are constantly probing Nato’s defences over the Baltic states, with more than 600 ‘interceptions’ so far this year. Ironically, considering the history, the Nato pilots defending the skies over Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are often German. Seven German fighter pilots are based at an air base at Amari, west of the Estonian capital Tallinn. Lieutenant Colonel Swen Jacob, the commander of the German pilots, said they often flew as close as 10 yards from the Russian jets and one occasion a Russian pilot gave him a middle-fingered salute. Lt Col Jacob joked to the Washington Post : ‘Maybe he watched too much “Top Gun”.’ But the situation in the Baltic is deadly serious, with the Russian air force clearly under orders from President Vladimir Putin to be more aggressive in the air. An RAF Eurofighter Typhoon plane takes off over a field of poppies. German Typhoons are currently based in Amari, Estonia, and it is possible they will be replaced by British Typhoons in January The Typhoon jet (left) is flown by the German air force and the RAF aswell as the Italian and Spanish air forces. It is matched in the air with the Russian Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker (right) The German pilots have scrambled 34 times since they were posted in Estonia on August 31, with Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker jets the most common threat. The Russian planes are free to fly along an international airspace corridor running between St Petersburg and the Kaliningrad enclave and west as far as the Danish island of Falster. Russian pilots often fly without transponders, making them virtually invisible and increasing the danger of mid-air collisions. Lt Col Jacob told the Post: ‘The fighter aircraft are almost always armed to the teeth. Six kinds of missiles. They could carry up to 10.’ This Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker showed off its abilities at the Farnborough air show a few years ago, before the icy blasts of the new cold war descended on Europe The Flanker’s full armoury includes Vympel R-27, R-73 and R-77 air-to-air missiles, Zvezda Kh-35U anti-ship missiles, S-8 and S-13 rockets and a collection of guided bombs and cluster bombs. The French air force also has four fighter jets based at Šiauliai in Lithuania. Both the French and German contingents are due to be rotated out of the area in January and replaced by other Nato pilots, including possibly RAF pilots from Britain. 
+20 Goodybe Mr President: Russia’s President Putin (left) has massively increased Russian military spending and anti-Western rhetoric and most experts agree he has outmanouevred President Obama (right) militarily and politically The Baltic states seized their independence from the collapsing Soviet Union in 1991 and, increasingly worried about the Russian bear on their doorstep, joined Nato in 2004. Putin was enraged that Nato was within 100 miles of Russia’s second city, St Petersburg, and in the last year he has been increasingly probing Nato’s defences in the region. Yesterday Nato chiefs announced plans to put together a force of 300,000 troops which they can put on ‘high alert’ in eastern Europe. Relations between Russia and the West have plunged in the last year, with Moscow’s insistence on backing its Syrian ally, President Bashar al-Assad, at all costs leading to serious tension with the US, Britain and France. Most Nato members cut their defence spending dramatically since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 but Russia has been bolstering its military capabilities, holding parades involving more than 100,000 troops each year. 
+20 Nato soldiers stand on a pontoon bridge constructed across the Vistula river in Poland during the NATO Anaconda-16 exercise earlier this year Moscow has been throwing its weight around in recent years – in 2008 Russian troops humiliated the Georgians and in turn the White House by invading South Ossetia and Abkhazia in support of pro-Moscow rebels. Then in 2014 Russia annexed Crimea and supported ethnic Russian rebels in the eastern Ukraine. President Obama’s ‘Russian reset’ policy, which was designed to improve relations with Moscow, has looked increasingly like a policy of appeasement. 
+20 At the weekend Russian soldiers, dressed in World War Two era uniforms, commemorate the 75th anniversary of a famous parade in 1941 when the Red Army headed out of Moscow to take on the Nazis Russia’s President Vladimir Putin has been accused of attempting to interfere with the US election process by hacking into the emails of senior members of the Democratic party and recently moved the Iskander nuclear-capable missiles into the Kaliningrad enclave, on the borders with Poland. But Nato members like Estonia, Poland and Romania, who are feeling increasingly threatened by Moscow, are now being promised a rapid deployment force. Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg told The Times this week: ‘We have also seen Russia using propaganda in Europe among Nato allies and that is exactly the reason why Nato is responding. We are responding with the biggest reinforcement of our collective defence since the end of the Cold War. ‘We have seen Russia being much more active in many different ways. ‘We have seen a more assertive Russia implementing a substantial military build-up over many years; tripling defence spending since 2000 in real terms; developing new military capabilities; exercising their forces and using military force against neighbours,’ added Mr Stoltenberg. 
+20 Russia recently moved its nuclear-capable Iskander missiles into the Kaliningrad enclave. The missiles could take out targets in Berlin Britain’s permanent representative to Nato, Sir Adam Thomson, told The Times it would currently take Nato six months to deploy a force of 300,000, which was simply too slow. At the weekend British military intelligence officers issued a warning over a new Russian ‘super tank’ which they claim is far superior to anything which is available to Nato. The document claims that Britain’s Challenger II main battle tank could be overpowered by the Kremlin’s new Armata tank. Officials believe the new Russian tank is ‘revolutionary’ and blames the government for failing to provide a proper response. The new tank has several highly advanced features including an un-manned turret which makes the machine safer for crews Yesterday’s military parade in Red Square commemorated a pivotal moment in World War Two when German forces were turned back from the gates of Moscow",0
14068,Google Faces New Round of Antitrust Charges in Europe - The New York Times,"When it comes to Europe’s lengthy investigations into Google, Margrethe Vestager, the region’s competition chief, is hoping that the third time’s a charm. Ms. Vestager announced on Thursday a new round of antitrust charges against the company  —   the third set since early 2015  —   claiming that some of the company’s advertising products had restricted consumer choice. The efforts are part of her continuing  push to rein in Google’s activities in the European Union, where the Silicon Valley company has captured roughly 90 percent of the region’s online search market. “Google’s conduct, based on our evidence, is harmful to consumers,” Ms. Vestager told reporters in Brussels on Thursday. “Google’s magnificent innovations don’t give it the right to deny competitors the chance to innovate. ” The announcement represents a setback for Google, which vigorously denied any wrongdoing in two previous European antitrust charges linked to Android, its popular mobile operating system, and some of its dominant online search services. It also comes at a difficult time for Europe’s competition authorities, which have been unable to land a knockout punch against Google’s perceived abusive activities in the region, despite investigations that date back to 2010. The stakes are high. Google could face fines of up to 10 percent, or about $7 billion, of its global annual revenue if it is found to have broken Europe’s tough competition rules. For months, both sides have been jockeying for position, with Google already filing lengthy legal arguments about why it believes its European activities are lawful. Ms. Vestager’s antitrust charges are just one of a number of regulatory challenges to Google’s activities in Europe, ranging from tax investigations in France and Spain to concerns that Google does not fully protect people’s online privacy rights. The company denies any wrongdoing. Other Silicon Valley technology companies, including Amazon, Apple and Facebook, have also faced regulatory investigations in Europe, raising questions over whether the region’s lawmakers are specifically focusing on these American giants, which have come to dominate much of the digital world. European officials deny any such bias. Google said in a statement on Thursday that it would provide a detailed response to Europe’s latest charges, but it added, “We believe our innovations and product improvements have increased choice for E. U. consumers and promote competition. ” The company has until the fall to respond. American competition officials have also reviewed claims that Google abused its market position to favor its services over those of rivals, though the Federal Trade Commission has yet to find any violations. Europe’s new antitrust charges represent a further ratcheting up of the region’s often frosty relationship with Google. In particular, European antitrust officials are taking aim at some of the company’s online advertising tools  —   the main engine for Google’s $75 billion in annual revenue. They say that the company may have abused its dominant market position when offering some of its search products on   companies’ websites. These businesses  —   including publishers and online retailers  —   can use Google’s search engine on their sites so that people can find information like newspaper articles or promotions. Such agreements with   companies, which date to 2006, also include showing   advertising next to search results, often provided by Google. Ms. Vestager said on Thursday that the technology company may have abused its dominance  —   it holds roughly an 80 percent market share in this type of niche   search  —   by forcing companies to sign onerous contracts that limited competition and reduced consumer choice. Since 2009, Google has made it easier for advertising rivals to show their offerings alongside its services. But Europe’s competition chief said that Google still required   companies to show a minimum number of   ads on their site. The Silicon Valley company also requires businesses using the service to ask for approval on where some rivals’ ads may be shown on their websites. “All these restrictions allowed Google to protect its market share and stifle competition,” Ms. Vestager said. Europe’s antitrust authorities have also doubled down on a previous competition charge, announced last year, which claimed that Google had diverted traffic from competitors in favor of its own   site. On Thursday, Ms. Vestager said her team had found new evidence to buttress their claims, adding that because of Google’s actions, European consumers may not have access to the most relevant search results when looking online for goods and services. Yet when asked about the failure of European antitrust authorities to order fines or changes to the way Google does business, despite several years of investigations, Ms. Vestager said she aimed to ensure the charges against the company stood up in European courts. “Speed is of the essence,” but “the other side of that coin is quality,” Ms. Vestager said on Thursday. “Sometimes that kind of quality comes at the cost of speed. ”",0
14069,Trump May Give the Pentagon More Authority to Conduct Raids - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The White House is considering giving the Pentagon more independent authority to conduct counterterrorism raids as part of an effort to accelerate the fight against the Islamic State and other militant organizations, administration officials said on Thursday. Such a step would allow military commanders to move more swiftly against terrorism suspects, streamlining a   process that often dragged on under the Obama administration, frustrating Pentagon officials. The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, called the proposal “a philosophy more than a change in policy. ” He said that “the protocol is not changing in terms of what has to be signed off,” but added that Mr. Trump believed “these are the experts in the field. ” Critics say that giving the military more authority could lead to more problematic outcomes like the Special Operations raid in January in Yemen, which left a member of the Navy’s SEAL Team 6 dead, as well as about two dozen civilians. It could also leave the Pentagon to take the blame when things go wrong. But one Defense Department official pointed to comments by President Trump about the Yemen raid as a sign that military commanders would be held responsible for botched operations whether the president signed off on them or not. Mr. Trump and Defense Department officials have maintained that the January raid  —   the first such operation approved by the new president  —   was successful, saying that valuable intelligence was collected. Military officials have been advocating an increase in raids in Yemen in particular. On Thursday, the United States resumed its air attacks on targets in Yemen, conducting strikes against several suspected Qaeda sites across the   part of the country. The coordinated series of attacks occurred in three Yemeni provinces  —   Abyan, Shabwa and Baydha  —   that have been linked to terrorist activity, according to the Pentagon. The strikes were conducted against targets that had been developed before the January raid, a senior official said. On Monday, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis presented the White House, under Mr. Trump’s directive, with a series of options for accelerating the fight against the Islamic State. Pentagon officials say that while much of the proposal would continue what the United States was doing under President Barack Obama, Mr. Mattis and senior military commanders want to target not just the Islamic State, but also Al Qaeda and other extremist organizations in the Middle East. The proposal on counterterrorism raids, first reported by the Daily Beast, is the latest step in Mr. Trump’s increased reliance on military commanders to run American national security policy. Mr. Trump has become increasingly reliant on Mr. Mattis, a retired Marine general, upon whom he consistently lavishes praise. He has also appointed Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster as his national security adviser, to replace a retired general, Michael T. Flynn. His Homeland Security secretary is yet another retired general, John F. Kelly. “We’re at a point now in our nation where general officers have an outsize role in the direction of the country,” said Andrew Exum, a retired Army Ranger and a Defense Department official in the Obama administration. Still, Mr. Trump has already shown himself willing to blame the generals when things go wrong. On Tuesday, he told Fox News that the Jan. 29 Yemen mission that led to the death of the Navy SEAL team member, Senior Chief Petty Officer William Owens, known as Ryan, “was a mission that was started before I got here. ” He added that “my generals are the most respected that we’ve had in many decades, I believe, and they lost Ryan. ” Jon B. Alterman, the director of the Middle East Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that the administration faced a delicate calculation over how much authority to cede to the generals. “One extreme,” he said, is “giving   in the White House veto power over generals in the field. ” That should be avoided, he said. “At the same time,” he added, “if you’re going to target and kill someone, there needs to be some kind of process to ensure that it serves a strategic purpose. We shouldn’t be comfortable with the other extreme, essentially handing out death sentences without much deliberation. ” Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said that the strikes on Thursday in Yemen, which numbered more than 20, were “conducted in partnership with the government of Yemen and were coordinated” with President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi. Captain Davis said the attacks had targeted Qaeda militants, equipment and infrastructure. After the January raid, Mr. Hadi’s government had withdrawn permission for the United States to conduct Special Operations ground missions, a decision prompted by anger at the civilian casualties incurred in the raid. Computers and cellphones seized during that raid offered clues about attacks that Al Qaeda might be planning, including insights into new types of hidden explosives that the group is making and new training tactics, American officials said. But it is still unclear how much the information advances the military’s knowledge of the plans of Al Qaeda’s branch in Yemen, and some intelligence and congressional officials have questioned how significant the information analyzed so far really is. “There are obvious contradictions about the relative value of intelligence,” said Senator Kamala D. Harris, a California Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, who added in an interview this week that she would be seeking more explanations from intelligence officials. According to a Yemeni military official, the airstrikes on Thursday in the Abyan mountains began around 3:30 a. m. local time. The local news media reported that at least three people suspected of being Qaeda members were killed in Shabwa Province. Residents near the scene in the Saeid region said an airstrike had destroyed a house used by Qaeda operatives. The death of Chief Owens came after a chain of miscues and misjudgments that plunged the elite forces into a ferocious   firefight with Qaeda militants in a mountainous village in central Yemen. Three other Americans were wounded, and a $75 million aircraft was deliberately destroyed. A month later, the mission remains under intense scrutiny, with questions unabated over the casualties, how Mr. Trump and his aides approved the raid over a dinner meeting at the White House five days into his presidency, and the value of the information collected from the raid. “It is reasonable for the White House to determine which decisions they need to be part of and which ones they are comfortable deferring to the Pentagon,” said Derek Chollet, an assistant secretary of defense in the Obama administration. “But a president has to think very carefully about this, because he may choose to delegate authority, but he cannot absolve himself of responsibility. ”",0
14070,"Hundreds of Car Crashes, Thousands Without Power as Snow Pounds Large Swath of East Coast - Breitbart","DURHAM, N. C. (AP)  —   Snow and sleet pounded a large swath of the East Coast on Saturday, coating roads with ice and causing hundreds of crashes. Thousands of people lost power and forecasters warned of   conditions from Virginia to parts of the Northeast. [advertisement",0
14071,Interpreting Kanye West’s Blond ’Do - The New York Times,"Kanye West, the rapper, fashion designer, showman and Twitter ranter, has maintained a low profile since canceling his “Saint Pablo” tour and being hospitalized in   amid rumors of severe exhaustion. But he recently reappeared in the public eye, showing up at an exhibition of furniture designed by Rick Owens, at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles last week, and at Trump Tower on Tuesday morning, to meet with the  . In both cases, the rapper looked like his normal self, wearing white   sneakers, a sweatshirts and his usual  . One seemingly small change: He was blond. Speculation about the new look has already spawned a hashtag: #blondye (Ye is Mr. West’s nickname). The most popular theory by far centered on Mr. West’s recent emotional turmoil. “Whenever someone comes in and suddenly wants a major color change out of nowhere, it usually means something is up,” said Laurie Daniel, a colorist at the Marie Robinson Salon in New York. “A divorce, a breakup, a crisis of some sort. ” Cases in point: Lindsay Lohan’s conversion to a brunette in early 2008, after a year of arrests and stints in rehab Britney Spears’s bald head, reportedly shaved by the pop star herself amid her divorce from Kevin Federline in 2007 and a custody battle Joe Jonas’s   spikes after his breakup from Gigi Hadid and Gwen Stefani’s   bob, which came a month after the announcement of her divorce from Gavin Rossdale, her husband of 13 years. Ms. Daniel typically tries to steer clients away from radical hair alterations like these if they are a way of managing distress. “As professionals, most of us try to talk people out of doing such a drastic thing, because it’s coming from a place of helplessness and not being able to change other aspects of your life,” she said. “Inevitably, they want to go back the same color they had before. ” Donna Rockwell, a clinical psychologist who has done research into fame and celebrity, took a more positive view of Mr. West’s light locks, however, comparing the change to Megyn Kelly’s decision to cut her hair short this year, which the anchor attributed to “a stronger mood,” or to Sia’s use of wigs to shield her face, a method that the singer said created a sense of mystery and gave her a modicum of privacy. “Changing our look can be very empowering to us,” Dr. Rockwell said. “For Megyn Kelly, it wasn’t so much a style issue as about empowerment. And for Sia, it’s almost as a political statement: ‘You will see me when I deem so. ’” She noted that hair, as a physical feature, has a special role that can be traced back as far as biblical times. “You have Samson,” she said. “He was this big, burly fellow, but his strength was in his hair. He lost his power when his hair got cut. Hair is how we define our strength, prowess, identity. ” She concluded that for Mr. West, as for other celebrities, a hair transformation tells the public that despite the scrutiny and the competing narratives being told by onlookers, he is still in charge of his own life. “It’s a way of taking control back,” she said. “It’s him saying, ‘This might be going on in the media and in the greater public opinion of me, but I have control and I will do what I want. ’” Other hypotheses regarding the blond top focused less on Mr. West’s mental state and more on his history. They included the suggestion that he’s taking a cue from his wife  —   Kim Kardashian West regularly changes from brunette to blond  —   or showing support for the musician Frank Ocean, whose album “Blonde,” released this year, wasn’t nominated for any Grammys. Mr. West was a writer of one of the songs on the album, according to liner notes. In October, Mr. West threatened that he wouldn’t show up to the Grammy Awards if “Blonde” weren’t nominated. (Granted, neither Mr. Ocean nor his label or representatives submitted the album for consideration.) Perhaps he decided to take a stance now that the lists of nominees have officially been released. Of course, it’s possible everyone is overthinking the matter, and Mr. West just felt like changing things up. That’s the view the musician Pharrell took during an interview on the radio station Hot 97 last week. “I think he’s an artist,” he said. “I think as people we have to be able to express ourselves. No matter where we are or what we are doing. ”",0
14072,"Whether Hillary Clinton Or Donald Trump, World War 3 is coming",source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
14073,"In The Coming Financial Wipeout, This Will Figure Prominently, And Not In A Good Way","60   King World News 
In the coming financial wipeout, this will figure prominently, and not in a good way. 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital October 27 ( King World News ) – Overnight bond markets were quite weak again and it is looking more and more like the bond blowoff that began last summer now clearly has ended (30-year Treasury yields having risen from 2.1% to 2.6%) — and perhaps the 35-year bond bull market along with it. (If so, it will be the top of a lifetime, and I will discuss it more prospectively as it starts to play out.)… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
There is no way to know that for sure without more time passing, so it will be very instructive to see how bonds respond to stock market weakness when we finally get some. 
What Could Go Right? The size of the changes, while not absolutely large, have been quite dramatic given the nonexistent coupons. However, thus far that development has been completely ignored by equity markets the world over. Apparently, folks who have deserted the bond market because of no yield somehow seem to think their foray into stocks — which may have been viewed as yield alternatives at the margin — won’t be impacted by declining bond prices. Which means that they are liable to be in for a very rude and large surprise…eventually, whenever it matters. 
That angst, though, certainly wasn’t a feature of the early going today, as our market celebrated a variety of “wins” at beat-the-number in technology and the absolutely mindboggling takeover by Qualcomm of NXPI, whereby Qualcomm intends to add about $40 billion of debt onto a market cap of $100 billion. When the economic realities of all these policies that have been pursued eventually start to matter the chip sector, given all the debt that has been piled on, it is going to be a veritable financial black hole, but that is getting ahead of ourselves. 
Tesla Says, “Just Charge It” Naturally, fun and games were rewarded, as Tesla spiked after supposedly reporting “strong” cash flow, although it closed just slightly higher. A friend who is involved pointed out that nowhere in the press release was it disclosed that the company’s accounts payable exploded by $692 billion (although it was in the SEC filings), thereby creating the apparent improvement in cash flow. 
Out of Sight, Out of Mine However, winning at beat-the-number was not good enough for the miners, as for the most part they reported good results but went largely unrewarded. Both Agnico Eagle and Barrick reported strong results and continued improvement. Goldcorp was kind of “in line,” as its quarter was on the sluggish side, but that was pretty well known in advance and it looks like its operations are set to accelerate. The big clunker once again was Newmont, which is about par for the course for that company. Nevertheless, as noted, not being “normal” stocks, the results of the miners were ignored because the mood of the day is once again apathy toward mining and metals. 
In the afternoon the indices slid a bit, led by the Nasdaq, which lost 0.6% while the Dow/S&P held up better. Away from stocks, green paper was higher, fixed income was hit pretty hard, with the long end especially weak. Oil rallied 1% and the metals were flattish. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A’s with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: A friend of mine came into some money(not a lot but a lot for her),and knowing I used to trade full time asked me if I could give her any investment ideas. Sadly thanks to the FED all I could say is that there are no investments,only speculation(gold volatility is not for her). In a normal time I would have told her if she didn’t need the money now buy a 1 year CD and pick up a little extra interest with no risk to principal-but what’s the point now,since it would pay nothing. All I could say is leave it in the bank and if something changes and there is an opportunity,I’ll tell her. The FED damage continues…. Answer from Fleck: “ That will continue to be the case until the bond market finally breaks. And maybe, just maybe, that process has begun.” Question: Hi Fleck – Hope all is well. I recently came across this article that is an excellent read and wanted to share with the community on Blackrock’s Alladin risk management platform. Excerpt: “But “Aladdin”, the risk-management platform that occupies all those computers in the orchards, is not just used to look after BlackRock’s $4 trillion. The firm makes its facilities available in whole or in part to managers looking after $11 trillion more, a tally that has recently been growing by about $1 trillion a year. All told, Aladdin keeps its eyes on almost 7% of the world’s $225 trillion of financial assets. This is unprecedented—and it means flaws in the system could matter to more than just BlackRock, its investors and its customers. If that much money is being managed by people who all think with the same tools, it may be managed by people all predisposed to the same mistakes.” The monolith and the markets IMO, technology is the Achilles’ heel of the financial system now as well as human psychology via greed and fear. One day the rubber band will stretch the other way …. and that time it will be an unprecedented reversion to the mean event. Answer from Fleck: “ In the next wipeout, computers will likely figure prominently, and not in a good way. 🙂 Question: Fleck: GLD and SLV dance along or just above their 200 DMA while, for the most part, miners stuck in ugly downtrend channel bumping their heads their and/or at 50DMA and getting concussed back into their channels. Would you buy any more miners if they broke up and out of this downtrend in meaningful way (e.g., high volume) along with some follow-through? Sounds like you have full position in miners but would you get fuller? Regards Answer from Fleck: “ If I saw the exact right setup, I’d probably add some exposure for a trade. “Concussed?” Geez, you take the price action kind of personally, I think.” *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein’s fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Legend Says This Will Translate Into A $100 Spike Overnight In Gold CLICK HERE. 
©  ",0
14074,Election 2016 Endgame: Vote!,"License DMCA We're getting down to the wire. It's been a tough haul. Actually, the campaign season has felt endless. But now is not the time to drop the ball. In the days remaining, it is essential to motivate other voters who may be sitting on the fence -- or are too disgusted -- to go to the polls about why that option is not viable. Actually, it's dangerous. Their voices are crucial. Personally, it's hard for me to understand how the issue of climate change can be put on the back burner by any American. Maybe I feel the urgency so deeply because I have been writing about the environment for five years. Okay, and the mother thing definitely kicks in; wanting to protect my kid, other people's kids, and future generations. Still... it goes beyond that. It's about the birds that are dying, the wildfires ignited by droughts, the chemicals in water that was previously used for fracking and are now irrigating our country's fruits and vegetables. It encompasses the flooding, record temperatures, the lack of environmental justice for those who live in low-income communities, and the famines causing mass migration. Every time I write an article, it's with the hope of putting a spotlight on a concern folks may not know about. I hope someone new is ""going to get it."" - Advertisement - It's tough when you are up against the big-money boys of the fossil-fuel industry and their supporters like the Koch brothers (who have their fingers in everything from Grand Canyon National Park to campaign funding). Yup, your state's Attorney General, who is elected and tasked with being the ""People's Lawyer,"" may be one of those people who have received money to jump on the lawsuit to derail the Clean Power Plan. Most of the media has dropped the ball on featuring stories on climate change and its ramifications. When guests appear on shows spouting disinformation, most interviewers don't push back. News stories with hard scientific facts don't get traction because they may not be ""sexy."" Well, there's nothing sexy about extreme weather. Just ask people who have been the victims of hurricanes, including New York City and environs. Homes destroyed, businesses wrecked, Manhattan subways deluged with water. Unfortunately, too many Americans still don't get how climate change is the catalyst behind the challenges -- both now and in the future -- for America's health, economy, and national security. It can be hard to hear that message when ads pushed by the American Petroleum Institute and individual oil companies (like Chevron and Exxon) are busy promoting the agenda that Americans have no choice except to choose between a robust economy and clear air. - Advertisement - Okay, I'm not naĂÂŻve enough to expect the fossil-fuel industry to elevate the conversation about renewable energy. They don't want to promote what the growth of a green economy has to offer in terms of building a viable new job sector, that can implement change and employ workers. Donald Trump has made outrageous statements about the environment. Both he and Mike Pence are on the record as being climate deniers. Oh, and Trump wants to get rid of the EPA. Great. With no regulations on the table, big polluters will be able to get away with toxic dumping the same way Trump ""legally"" avoided paying taxes (see "" Halliburton Loophole ""). Who will suffer? Not the Exxon executive who didn't want fracking in his backyard . It will fall to everyday Americans who be unaware of the toxins in the air, chemicals in the products they buy and ingest, unborn children at risk in the womb, and low-income communities and people of color who live daily without environmental justice. The list goes on.",0
14075,When Is Peach Season? It’s a Bit Fuzzy - The New York Times,"Kathleen Purvis, the Southern food writer most likely to let you know when you have something wrong, made a peach declaration on Facebook a couple of weeks ago. Peaches, she said, should never be eaten before the Fourth of July. From there, one has six weeks to fill up. Ms. Purvis, the food editor of The Charlotte Observer, adopted the rule after an interview in the 1990s with Jeanne Voltz, the pioneering food editor, who died in 2002. Ms. Voltz said that her Alabama father never wasted his calories or his jaw power on a peach before July 4. It just wasn’t worth it. The private Facebook post unleashed a peach debate among a circle of cooks and food writers. “That is a North Carolina rule, not a Georgia or South Carolina rule,” admonished Nathalie Dupree, another Southern food writer with deeply held opinions. Texans offered that their peach season was almost over. Cathy Barrow, who writes Mrs. Wheelbarrow’s Kitchen from her home in Washington, D. C. reported that she had eaten some great peaches from Georgia and Virginia recently, blaming climate change for their early arrival. Peach fans from the Northeast weighed in, crying over what is shaping up to be an exceptionally lousy peach season because of a late frost. Californians were silent, even though the drought has affected the largest   state. Here in the South, where high humidity, rain and long hot nights give peaches plenty of time to plump up, the crop isn’t as abundant as farmers would like. Still, the fruit itself is exceptional, with dense but yielding flesh so full of sugary juice that leaning over the sink is the best approach to eating one. And in Atlanta, they are indeed at their best in July and August. But for many people, the need to eat a peach overrides seasonal perfection. Juan Carlos Melgar, the peach specialist at Clemson University, ate his first peach around the middle of May. It was a clingstone, a type of   peach that is not as good to eat out of hand as the   freestones. In Florida, farmers are planting peach trees that produce fruit as early as April or May. “They are not so nice looking,” Dr. Melgar said. “But they are peaches for people who want them as early as possible. People need their peaches. ” Indeed, we all need our markers of summer. For Ms. Purvis, it’s a fresh peach not eaten until the Fourth of July. For others, it’s a peach whenever one shows up. “I always go in too early and stay too long when it comes to peaches,” Katie Monson, a Charlotte resident, posted on the Facebook peach debate. “I can’t help myself!”",0
14076,ZeroCash: A Cryptocurrency’s Deep State Ties,"in: Science & Technology October 28, 2016 marks the official launch of Zerocash (“Zcash,” “ZEC”), a new cryptocurrency that has received tremendous attention from the Bitcoin community. The technology is named for its zero-identity function of shielding transactions on its blockchain, or digital ledger. “Zerocash is a new protocol that provides a privacy-preserving version of Bitcoin (or a similar currency),” its developers explain . “[I]n Zerocash, users may pay one another directly, via payment transactions that reveal neither the origin, destination, or amount of the payment.” The enthusiasm surrounding the coin is demonstrated in the recent price for Zerocash futures contracts, representing one unit and valued against the price of one Bitcoin (BTC). Between September 15th and October 26th the price surged almost 1,300%—from a low of $18 (0.027 BTC) to a high of $261 (0.379 BTC). Upon its October 28 debut the price of one Zcash actually exceeded $100,000,000 (one million) on some exchanges , with an average of about around $15,000. The high valuation and scarcity is at least partly influenced by the novel way Zcash is being introduced. The cryptocurrency will not be initially available to investors for over-the-counter purchases and can only be obtained in gradually increasing increments over a month-long period through “ mining, ” or digital production by those with the necessary computer equipment and technological expertise. An additional reason for the building excitement around Zcash is that its development team consists of notable computer scientists at University of California at Berkeley, Johns Hopkins University, Tel Aviv University, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology state actors, including Amazon, the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Office of Naval Research, and the Israeli Ministry of Science and Technology. The entire list of funders is as follows: *Amazon.com *Tel Aviv University Authentication Initiative *Center for Science of Information (CSoI), an NSF Science and Technology Center *Check Point Institute for Information Security *U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) *Air Force Research Laboratory *European Community’s Seventh Framework Programme *Israeli Centers of Research Excellence I-CORE program *Israeli Ministry of Science and Technology *The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust *Office of Naval Research *Simons Foundation *Skolkovo Foundation Libertarians especially, with their philosophical antipathy toward state monopoly that central banking epitomizes have been among the most vigorous supporters of cryptocurrency development and use. This is accentuated by the fact that traditional markets for “hard money” investment such as precious metals are likewise subject to heavy manipulation by the same or allied central banking outlets. Yet one would be hard-pressed to come up with a greater illustration of centralized state power than the array of interests listed above. Indeed, the involvement of such actors in developing the “next Bitcoin” should be recognized vis-a-vis the Western financial community’s continued advocacy for the drastic reduction of conventional central bank-issued currency from circulation (i.e. here , here , here , here and here ). In theory Zerocash differs from Bitcion in that it represents a bolstered technology for anonymous transactions veiled from third party scrutiny. According to the mechanics such transactions may be viewed and recorded by the specific parties who obtains proper authorization. What if a Trojan Horse capability could be engineered into the currency that might later be utilized by lettered agencies? This is the greatest fear of those who rightly question the loss of tangible exchange. Further, such a development would defeat ZeroCash’s desirability and purpose. By dismissing the possibility of such a feature Zcash users implicitly rely on the integrity of the developers themselves, most of whom are junior faculty or graduate students whose research, as noted, is at least partly funded by such deep state actors. Many Bitcoin enthusiasts regard cryptocurrencies as a sort of deus ex machina against the state. Along these lines, Zerocash’s institutional and scholarly veneer cloaks the more complex grant-generating interests lurking in the shadows. Recently even strong advocates of Bitcoin have pondered if the financial medium may have been developed with direct or indirect participation of the intelligence community. In the case of Zcash there can be no doubt of such deep state interest and involvement, which is of no small concern as the world moves toward a seemingly inevitable “cashless society.” Submit your review",0
14077,Asda shoppers ‘just generally angry’,"Asda shoppers ‘just generally angry’ 31-10-16 SHOPPERS at Asda are generally very angry people, it has emerged. Following scenes of chaos at the budget supermarket as card machines failed, customers confirmed that they were angry about that, but angrier still about having to shop in fucking Asda. Mother-of-two Donna Sheridan said: “This isn’t Lidl or Aldi where the slumming bourgeoisie go to semi-ironically buy a frozen lobster and a scuba mask, this is Asda and shit here is real. “You don’t choose the Asda life. The Asda life chooses you. “Even in Morrison’s you get a bit of social mobility, the odd shopper scrabbles up the supermarket class system to Sainsbury’s while dreaming in vain of Waitrose.” She added: “If anyone blocks my access to the massive boxes of tea bags then I’ll serve them a family pack of kickass.” Teaching assistant Nikki Hollis said: “The worst thing about the card machines going down was having to hand over real money for some of this shit. “It really made the reality of Asda Smart Price Porridge Oats hit home. I think that’s when I went apeshit with a checkout divider and declared myself the barbarian queen of the prepared meats section.” 
Share:",0
14078,"Paul Ryan, Reluctant Supporter, Weighs Response to Donald Trump’s Remarks - The New York Times","For months, Speaker Paul D. Ryan had chosen to remain largely silent, hoping that his party’s nominee for president would simply get across the finish line, dragging congressional Republicans across with him. But a 2005 recording made public on Friday of Donald J. Trump speaking in extraordinarily vulgar terms about women became a new bridge too far across a seemingly endless landmass separating civil behavior and Mr. Trump’s campaign for the presidency. Mr. Ryan responded by uninviting Mr. Trump from a rally in his home state, Wisconsin, on Saturday, and said he was “sickened” by Mr. Trump’s remarks. But even as many congressional Republicans, including some very conservative House members, pulled away from Mr. Trump on Saturday, Mr. Ryan did not go so far as to withdraw his support for the businessman and former reality TV star. Mr. Ryan’s decision keeps him in the political purgatory of endorsing the Republican nominee for president while continually having to say why he finds his remarks and policy positions despicable. Looking tired and touting the virtues of congressional legislative processes, Mr. Ryan addressed a crowd of supporters on Saturday in Elkhorn, Wis. Some Trump supporters could be heard screaming the candidate’s name in the background. “It is a troubling situation,” Mr. Ryan said, alluding to the situation with Mr. Trump. “That is not what we are here to talk about today. Do you know what we do here at Fall Fest? We talk about ideas. ” The developments come as Republicans are trying desperately in the final weeks of a campaign season to maintain their control of the Senate and a firm majority in the House. Many are weighing, based on the particulars of their own states and districts and race dynamics, whether now is the moment to move away from Mr. Trump. In many cases, they are looking to Mr. Ryan to be their seer. Mr. Ryan’s tepid backing of Mr. Trump has been less about fear of alienating Mr. Trump’s supporters  —   many Republicans in Congress need his base of white, high   men to win    —   than about worry of signaling to the thousands of Republicans who are ambivalent about Mr. Trump that they need not vote this year. Should those Republicans stay home, they could potentially set off a chain reaction down the ballot. A huge turnout collapse would deeply threaten Senate Republican incumbents and plenty of House members, too. “Donald Trump’s lewd comments are the latest in a series of remarks he has made ranging from inappropriate to reprehensible that demonstrate why he is unsuitable for the presidency,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. “It was comments like these  —   including the statements he made about John McCain, a disabled reporter, the family of a fallen soldier and more  —   that caused me to decide this summer that I could not support his candidacy,” said Ms. Collins, who is not up for  . If Mr. Ryan were thinking of withdrawing his support from Mr. Trump, as of Saturday, he still had only sent the nominee back to his room to think about his remarks. “I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate to the country that he has greater respect for women than this clip suggests,” Mr. Ryan said. As the most senior elected Republican  —   and the party leader who most publicly agonized over his endorsement of Mr. Trump  —   Mr. Ryan has for much of this year held outsize importance as the role model for how Republicans should deal with Mr. Trump. His reluctant endorsement was pushed by his    but it also beckoned to others to join the “Trump Train. ” Now, once again, the speaker’s actions are under intense scrutiny. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee released a statement even before Mr. Ryan uttered a (prepared) word: “There have been more than enough ‘final straw’ moments during this campaign, and Speaker Ryan has continued to unabashedly put party first in supporting the most repulsive candidate for president that our country has ever seen,” Kelly Ward, the group’s executive director, said. “If Speaker Ryan steps away from Trump, it will be an act of political expedience and desperate   which won’t redeem him or House Republicans in the eyes of voters. ” For scores of elected Republicans, Mr. Trump’s  clash with parents who lost a son in combat in Iraq, his call to ban all Muslims from entering the country, his disparagement of a federal judge, his   of nearly $1 billion from his taxes and his derision of a former Miss Universe for gaining weight were not enough to force their hands. But for a growing handful of members of Congress, “hot mike” remarks aimed broadly at more than half the electorate were the final blow. “I’m out,” Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, told a local television station Friday night. “I can no longer in good conscience endorse this person for president. It is some of the most abhorrent and offensive comments that you can possibly imagine. ” But many more continued to ride the line between appalled and resigned. “As the father of three daughters,” said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, “I strongly believe that Trump needs to apologize directly to women and girls everywhere, and take full responsibility for the utter lack of respect for women shown in his comments on that tape. ” Democrats mocked the “template” of that “father of daughters” construction, pointing to nearly a dozen elected Republicans who used it. For candidates in swing states, the pressure points have become more intense. This is particularly true in the case of Senator Kelly Ayotte, Republican of New Hampshire, who is in what many believe to be the tightest   race in the country. Ms. Ayotte, who has awkwardly bounced between distance from and acceptance of Mr. Trump, found herself in scalding hot water last week by suggesting during a debate with her opponent that Mr. Trump was a role model. “It is beyond comprehension how Senator Ayotte could continue to support this man for the highest office in the land, let alone call him a role model,” said Gov. Maggie Hassan, who is challenging Ms. Ayotte for her seat. On Saturday morning, Ms. Ayotte completed her move away from Mr. Trump by saying she would not vote for him. She was followed by Representative Joe Heck, who is running for an open Senate seat in Nevada. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, last seen in photos looking mildly humiliated as he did phone bank work on behalf of Mr. Trump  —   a former rival who once put Mr. Cruz’s wife in his Twitter cross hairs  —   said on Twitter: “These comments are disturbing and inappropriate, there is simply no excuse for them. ” Mr. Ryan, who many believe wants to run for president himself, has not been actively urging his colleagues to vote for Mr. Trump, and has instead repeatedly talked about the House Republican policy agenda, clinging to a small pamphlet of policy ideas like a talisman in the storm, hoping his image survives.",0
14079,Can Maastricht Take Manhattan? - The New York Times,"For six days beginning on Oct. 21, visitors to the crenelated, fortresslike Park Avenue Armory will find its   interior transformed into a light, modern setting. Translucent scrims will obscure the   lobby and   period rooms, which will open to the public for the first time since their recent restoration. Muted colors will turn the Drill Room into airy galleries. There’s a message in this metamorphosis, which was commissioned for the American debut of the European Fine Art Fair, known as Tefaf. With its careful vetting of objects on display, dating from antiquity to the present, the fair is considered the most prestigious art bazaar in the world. Tefaf’s arrival in Manhattan from its home in Maastricht, the Netherlands, is more than just another event on the cultural calendar. It’s an attempt by the fair, whose 270 exhibitors face a shrinking audience in Europe, to secure and revitalize its future. It’s a chance for dealers in historical art  —   Tefaf’s forte  —   to staunch the stampede of collectors into contemporary art and show that works of older art can look just as good in a modern setting as in a grand, classical home. And it’s a test of the global art market, which shrank to $63. 8 billion in 2015, a 7 percent drop from 2014, and continues to wobble, judging by auction results, this year. “Many more people need to know what we are doing,” said Patrick van Maris, the fair’s chief executive. But can Maastricht convert Manhattan? The people Mr. van Maris refers to are, mostly, Americans, who buy more art than any other nationality but constitute only 2, 000 to 2, 500 of the 75, 000 people who visit Tefaf Maastricht, a number that may dwindle further in an age of terrorism fears. Some longstanding exhibitors, like Otto Naumann, a New York dealer in old masters, are debating whether to continue showing at Maastricht at all. After years of pressure from exhibitors, Tefaf last winter agreed to collaborate with Artvest Partners, a New York advisory firm, on a split spectacle: a fall event for art through the 1920s and a second fair, in May, for modern and contemporary art and design. Mr. van Maris dismissed the idea that a soft market is not the time to establish a new outpost. Marc Porter, the former chairman of Christie’s Americas who is soon to take a high post at Sotheby’s, also played down the market gamble. “You can’t time the market,” he said. “You enter when the space and calendar become available and you have a critical mass of dealers. ” But Tefaf New York Fall, which hopes to attract 22, 000 visitors, is still a “risky bet,” according to Jonathan T. D. Neil, director of Sotheby’s Institute of   Angeles. “There’s so much that happens in New York already,” he said. “People have access to a lot of this material on a nonstop basis. ” New York, in other words, is the opposite of Maastricht, and that may not be good. “Maastricht is a great fair because people go for a few days and there is nothing else to do, except restaurants,” said George Wachter, chairman of Sotheby’s North America and South America. “They go with buying in mind. ” For the New York fair, from perhaps 300 applicants (Tefaf declined to provide the exact number) a committee selected 94 dealers, from 13 countries, with reputations for showing   art that is fresh to the market. They will be offering not just old master paintings and sculpture, for which Maastricht is famed, but also jewelry, antiquities, books and manuscripts, American paintings and decorative arts, drawings, European furniture and African, Oceanic, Islamic and Asian art. About 20 dealers, from Buenos Aires to The Hague to Paris, have never exhibited in New York (or at least not in years). But Maastricht’s     location is only one of Tefaf’s challenges. There is also fair fatigue. In 2015 collectors could choose from 269 art fairs around the world, up from 105 in 2005, according to The Art Newspaper. The rotation of taste toward postwar and contemporary art has also hurt. Fairs like Art Basel in Switzerland, the premier contemporary fair, which regularly attracts 90, 000 visitors, clearly helped enlarge the pool of collectors. Tefaf New York wants to show Americans that “a vast area of material, which they have really only seen in museums and a few galleries here,” can be theirs, said Frances Beatty, president of the New York dealer Richard L. Feigen  Company, who will be exhibiting in October. And visitors may find price points “that are not available in   art,” said Michael Plummer, a partner in Artvest. “You can get master works for less money. ” Some buyers may come from an emerging group called   who buy in more than one category, starting, say, in contemporary and then adding traditional art. “I see more and more collectors going in both directions,” said Marc Spiegler, global director of Art Basel. The challenge is to enlarge that group. With Tefaf in New York, others are capitalizing on the moment. Christie’s, which has already created themed sale weeks and auctions that mix collecting categories, has moved up its sales of old masters and   art to Oct. 26. Fifteen Upper East Side dealers have organized October Art Week, beginning with evening receptions on Oct. 20. Many things could go wrong for Tefaf. For one, there is less than a week available to transform the Armory, then set up and vet the offerings. The fair may not attract attendees who buy enough to offset the higher costs in New York compared with Maastricht. The average cost of a Tefaf booth in New York is $38, 500, more than twice that in Maastricht. Add to that “introduction” fees, setup and decorating costs (dealers do the interiors of their booths) shipping expenses, and money spent on staffing and travel. The total can run $100, 000 to $250, 000 per exhibitor, dealers say. Some dealers do not seem worried. “The business goes the whole year round,” said Jorge Coll, a partner at Colnaghi, a dealer with galleries in London and Madrid. “You may start things in Europe and finish them in the U. S. or vice versa. ” Mr. van Maris, too, is taking a longer view. “Our audience said, ‘You have to be here.’ Let me tell you in a few years whether we’ve succeeded. ”",0
14080,Mark Warner Faces a Stand-and-Deliver Moment in Russian Inquiry - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For a while now, Senator Mark R. Warner has taken to thinking like a Russian. The Virginia Democrat is losing himself in a book about the Romanovs, eager to absorb the country’s theories of war, teasing staff members for insufficient knowledge of Tolstoy and Nabokov. He has been sending messages over the encrypted app Signal, just to be safe. Then there was the ruckus outside Mr. Warner’s window late one recent afternoon, a curious thud against the building beside a giant American flag. “That may just be the F. S. B. ,” Mr. Warner said flatly, referring to Russia’s primary intelligence and security agency. He appeared to be kidding. Probably. Such is the head space of Capitol Hill’s top Democrat investigating ties between President Trump’s orbit and Russian intelligence  —   a former rising star in the party, frozen in the ascent for years now. As Republicans resist calls for a select committee or special prosecutor to oversee the matter, the Democrats’ best hope for acquiring answers most likely remains an investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee, where Mr. Warner is vice chairman. The result, at the height of   fervor and Wall   progressivism in the Democratic Party’s base, is a spotlight trained brightly on a   centrist with a   net worth, a   itch to be president and, until recently, according to friends and former aides, a healthy disdain for the institution he serves. “I’ve never seen him seized by a responsibility as much as he is now,” said Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, who has known Mr. Warner since law school and succeeded him as the state’s governor in 2006. “He’s a man on a mission. ” Mr. Warner, 62, has another phrase for it: “probably the most important thing I’ve done in public life. ” Yet the competition for this distinction is not as fierce as Mr. Warner once imagined. Rangy and   with a Harvard law degree, a telecommunications fortune and a stately suburban home in the Old Town neighborhood of Alexandria, Va. Mr. Warner reached the governor’s mansion in 2002 as a   Democrat who found unlikely success with the kinds of rural voters who last year elevated Mr. Trump. He sponsored a local Nascar team, dabbled in turkey hunting and added a bluegrass campaign theme song. “Get ready to shout it from the coal mines to the stills,” the lyrics went. “Here comes Mark Warner, the hero of the hills. ” After a popular term as governor, a possible 2008 presidential run was aborted before it began, punctured by some halting moments on the precampaign circuit. (If a cellphone went off in the crowd while he was speaking, Mr. Warner, a   of the company that became Nextel, would joke that all he heard was “   . ”) Since then, after a landslide Senate victory in 2008, he has slogged through life in the Senate with few signature achievements, never quite finding his moment. Persistent   speculation amounted to little, with Mr. Kaine instead getting the most recent call to round out a Democratic ticket. By the time Mr. Warner came up for   to the Senate in 2014, he eked out a victory by less than a point. Months before the vote, he was asked at a county fair how he was doing. His response: “You know where I work. ” Now given a task befitting his ambitions, Mr. Warner is plainly relishing the role, suggesting his profile as a moderate  —   Mr. Warner once had an “A” rating from the National Rifle Association  —   was at last serving a political purpose on the national stage. “There have been some times when I’ve been put in kind of ‘timeout’ for being too bipartisan,” he said during a   interview last week in his Senate office, sipping   pomegranate Vitaminwater from a plastic cup. “Man alive, you cannot make this partisan. ” The minefields are many, politically and procedurally, as Mr. Warner strains to hold the committee together and maintain his own credibility with peers in both parties. He is working to assuage the concerns of Democrats who suspect that Senator Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the committee’s chairman, is not especially interested in a thorough investigation. But he has taken care not to alienate Mr. Burr, a vocal Trump supporter during the campaign. These dueling impulses collided last month when Mr. Warner publicly scolded his Republican colleague after The Washington Post reported that Mr. Burr had spoken with the White House and engaged with news organizations to dispute reports that associates of Mr. Trump had consistent contact with Russian intelligence operatives. In the interview, Mr. Warner called Mr. Burr a friend and declined to detail their private conversations. Other Democrats have been less muted. “As deep as our skepticism runs when it comes to Senator Burr, it is exceeded by the confidence we have in Senator Warner,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader. The responsibility seems to have seeped into most aspects of Mr. Warner’s professional life. He has taken to deploying phrases like “personal cyberhygiene” in conversation and discusses Russian incursions into French politics with a fluency once reserved for Virginia budget skirmishes. Reading materials lately have focused on the Gerasimov Doctrine of Russian warfare, named for a general and appointee of President Vladimir V. Putin, which holds that the boundary between war and peace has blurred and that covert tactics will increase in “nonlinear war. ” Last week, a meeting with the German ambassador  —   ostensibly to discuss trade and economic policy  —   turned immediately to Russia, and scarcely returned to the intended topic.  “I’ve got to get this Russia right,” Mr. Warner said at one point in the interview, seemingly too preoccupied to supply a missing noun. His obsessive approach, friends and former staff members say, follows years of frustration over the pace of progress in Washington, including occasional clashes with the former Democratic leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. One past prominent assignment, as a member of a “Gang of Six” debt reduction group in 2011, fizzled despite a frantic blitz from Mr. Warner, who hosted negotiation sessions at his own home. “My primary responsibility in the group was to make sure that Mark had taken his Ritalin,” said Saxby Chambliss, the former Republican senator from Georgia and a frequent dining and drinking partner of Mr. Warner, who prefers white wine. Luke Albee, Mr. Warner’s former chief of staff, said there was perhaps no lawmaker “less psychologically wired for the Senate. ” “He was always looking for doors to open and things to join,” Mr. Albee said. “I think that this is one where the game has come to him. ” For now, Mr. Warner has suggested, he does not aspire to anything more. In November, he told The Wall Street Journal that his presidential window “is probably shut. ” But that was months ago. Asked last week if he retained any desire to be president or vice president, Mr. Warner demurred. “I’ve got one job to do,” he said. “And doing this job well is going to take 100 percent of my time. ” He was told this was not the hardest “no” one could imagine. The senator smiled, shrugging slightly and staying silent. It was not yet time, it seemed, to meddle in the 2020 election.",0
14081,The 2016 US election and the crisis of the two-party system,"BARRY GREY, WSWS.ORG O ne week before Election Day, with the polls tightening and the outcome uncertain, the entire US political system has been thrown into turmoil by the unprecedented intervention of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The letter sent Friday to Congress by FBI Director James Comey, informing it of a new avenue of investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server, has lifted the lid on a raging conflict within the state apparatus. Long-simmering tensions are exploding into open political warfare. Since Friday, various officials within the FBI and the Justice Department have let it be known that the investigation into Clinton has generated sharp divisions, with local FBI offices demanding a more aggressive investigation into Clinton’s alleged mishandling of classified information as well as a separate probe into allegations of corruption involving the multi-billion-dollar Clinton Foundation. This internecine conflict intensified after Comey announced last July that the investigation into Clinton’s emails was completed and no criminal charges would be brought. With his letter to Congress, Comey intervened on the side of the faction calling for more aggressive action against Clinton. Justice Department officials have let it be known that they opposed Comey’s decision to make public, just 11 days before the November 8 election, the agency’s review of additional emails. The Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign, along with former attorneys general, Republican as well as Democratic, have bitterly denounced Comey’s action. Harry Reid, the top Senate Democrat, sent a letter accusing Comey of violating the Hatch Act, which prohibits federal employees from publicly acting in support of one or another candidate. At least one Democratic congressman has demanded that the FBI chief immediately resign. Only a few weeks ago, Clinton and the Democratic Party were indignantly denouncing Trump’s charges that the election was rigged. Such charges, they claimed, were an unpatriotic slur on the pristine character of US elections and American democracy. Now, under changed circumstances, it is they who are shouting foul and accusing the FBI of trying to rig the vote against them. In fact, both factions of the ruling class have utilized the methods of scandal-mongering to fight out their battles. Over the past several months, the Democrats have centered their campaign against Trump on sex scandals and neo-McCarthyite, manufactured claims that Trump is a proxy of the Kremlin. In his letter to Comey, Reid doubled down on these charges by accusing the FBI of refusing to make public “explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government—a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States…” Trump, for his part, had pointed to the pro-Clinton bias of the media, denounced the failure of the FBI to prosecute Clinton, and made thinly veiled appeals to anti-immigrant and racist sentiment by charging that Election Day would see systematic ballot-stuffing in predominantly immigrant and minority communities. In fact, the entire election is a mockery of genuine democracy. Neither of the parties can offer any policies to address the real concerns of working people. Mud-slinging and scandal-mongering are used to bury the burning issues of war, social inequality and attacks on democratic rights. The latest turn in the presidential race underscores the reactionary basis on which Clinton and the Democrats have conducted their campaign. They have sought to oppose the fascistic Trump from the right, seeking to win the support of Republican leaders and voters as well as the military/intelligence establishment by promoting Clinton’s credentials as an advocate of military intervention, while declaring Trump unfit to serve as commander in chief. Their barely disguised indifference to the plight of workers and lack of support within the working class have made them highly vulnerable to the machinations of pro-Trump forces within the state. These developments have also underscored the treacherous role of Bernie Sanders. Having won mass support in the working class and among young people by portraying himself as a socialist and opponent of the “billionaire class,” he has sought to use his influence to channel social opposition back behind the Democratic Party and the campaign of Clinton, the favored candidate of Wall Street. He has thereby played a critical role in preempting and blocking the emergence of an independent political movement of the working class. Regardless which candidate wins the election next Tuesday, nothing will be resolved in the crisis of the two-party system. Both candidates, the two most unpopular in US history, are despised by broad masses of the population, and the election result will be seen as illegitimate by a majority of the American people. A Trump victory will be seen by tens of millions of workers as a declaration of war against the working class. A Clinton win will be seen as a continuation of the reactionary status quo. Nor will the ferocious conflicts within the state recede. These are rooted objectively in a historic crisis of American and world capitalism. Economic crisis and decay, ever-widening social polarization and intensifying geopolitical conflicts have fatally eroded the foundations of bourgeois democracy. The unprecedented political crisis that has erupted in the 2016 elections is the outcome of a protracted process. The breakdown of the political system emerged in open and explosive form in the 1998 impeachment of Bill Clinton on the basis of a sex scandal. In an editorial titled “Is America drifting towards civil war?” published by the World Socialist Web Site following the vote by the House of Representatives to impeach Clinton, we wrote: “The crisis in Washington arises from an interaction of complex political, social and economic processes. Bourgeois democracy is breaking down beneath the weight of accumulated and increasingly insoluble contradictions.” That watershed event was followed by the stolen election of 2000 and the launching one year later of the “war on terror” after the 9/11 attacks. Fifteen years of uninterrupted and ever expanding war, accompanied by a frontal attack on democratic rights and the erection of the framework of police state rule, the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression, and a further transfer of wealth to the rich have only increased the power of the military and intelligence “deep state” and further eroded the traditional constitutional framework of capitalist rule in America. These processes have found a toxic expression in the degrading spectacle of the 2016 election. In an election dominated by the growth of social opposition and disgust with the entire political system, voters are left with the “choice” between two corrupt, right-wing representatives of the richest 1 percent. It is crucial that the working class intervene into the political crisis as an independent force fighting for a program that addresses its needs and interests, not the drive for profit of the financial aristocracy. Short of this, the crisis of the two-party system will produce only a further lurch to the right, with more brutal attacks on working class living standards and an accelerated movement toward dictatorship and a new world war. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR The author is a senior member of the Social Equality Party, publisher of wsws.org, and a formation which he naturally favors as an option in this election. Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. 
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
14082,Russian couple’s firm making the world a little cleaner and greener - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
Evgeny Demin and Elena Demina moved from the Krasnodar Territory in southern Russia to Moscow with a small idea and big ambitions. In 2000, when they were not yet 25 years old, they founded SPLAT, a company that today supplies personal care and household chemical products to 45 countries around the world. 
“In the beginning, the company specialized in the production of biologically active additives and cosmetics based on Spirulina platensis seaweed — thus the company name,” explains Evgeny Demin. 
They quickly decided to target their efforts in another direction: on the production of next-generation toothpaste. 
“From the very start, we agreed to create the best toothpaste in the world, so that it would surpass all expectations,” he said. 
Evgeny Demin and Elena Demina / Source: Press photo 
The couple first rented a factory for their operations near Moscow and in 2009 they opened their own plant 300 miles northwest of the Russian capital in the Novgorod Region. Today it employs more than 350 people. A total of 700 people work for the company, including in sales and marketing offices abroad. 
The company has opened a subsidiary and hired a local team in China and is now looking forward to working with its Chinese partners, according to SPLAT’s press service. The company’s premium products are particularly popular in Germany and SPLAT has also started to sell its products in France. The company currently owns more than 10 Russian and foreign patents. The right segment 
From the very beginning SPLAT toothpaste was priced about twice that of its supermarket rivals. Entering the premium segment, where there were practically no competitors, was one of the factors of the brand’s success, says Alexander Yeremenko, managing director of the BrandLab marketing agency. 
According to Yeremenko when SPLAT debuted, two major international players, Procter&Gamble and Colgate, had claimed the middle segment of the Russian market, while the lower end was dominated by Russian producers selling very cheap toothpaste. 
“In the high-price segment, besides LACALUT, there were no important players,” Yeremenko said. 
Source: Press photo 
Some of SPLAT’s exclusive offerings include black toothpaste made from Karelian coal and golden toothpaste featuring extracts of diamond and colloidal gold. SPLAT’s scientific laboratory and R&D center in Moscow are in charge of developing the toothpaste’s unique components. 
In 2008 the company began exporting its products and by 2015 foreign sales made up 17 percent of its revenue. One of its most successful foreign markets is Turkey, where SPLAT was able to sign an exclusive contract with one of the country’s leading perfume and cosmetics chains. 
The company has opened a subsidiary and hired a local team in China and is now looking forward to working with its Chinese partners, according to SPLAT’s press service. The company’s premium products are particularly popular in Germany and SPLAT has also started to sell its products in France. The company currently owns more than 10 Russian and foreign patents. A personal approach to customer loyalty 
The company has not divulged any financial indicators, but in value terms SPLAT holds 9.7 percent of the Russian market and in terms of sales it has a 14.7-percent market share, says Timur Nigmatullin, an analyst at Finam Holding. 
Nigmatullin attributes SPLAT’s success in part to its unusual marketing strategy. The company does not employ TV advertising on principle and focuses its energies on repeat sales to loyal customers. 
Yeremenko believes that SPLAT’s marketing efforts were appropriate for a product in the high-end segment of the market where consumers value innovation and are ready to pay for it. 
“SPLAT did not have money for promotion, which is why all efforts were directed at achieving a high-quality and innovative product,” Yeremenko said, adding that the firm’s unique offerings, such as being the first black toothpaste or having unusual taste and components are all elements of marketing, which requires constant research and experimentation. 
The company also takes a personal approach to encouraging brand loyalty. Each SPLAT toothpaste package contains a letter from Evgeny Demin himself, the firm’s general director. At the end of each letter, he provides his personal email address noting that he responds to all messages himself. 
“The director’s letters in the packages create the impression of the producer’s responsibility to the customer; [they] guarantee a quality approach and the company’s excellent result on the market,” Yeremenko said. Not just toothpaste 
Today SPLAT has diversified and it produces more than 200 different products from its 50,000 sq. ft. plant in the Novgorod Region. The company’s offerings include toothpastes, brushes, foams and mouthwashes, the BioMio ecological line of housekeeping products, the organic LALLUM Baby line of natural cosmetics for children and mothers and the HEYA series of natural shampoos and conditioners. 
Source: Press photo 
HEYA is one of SPLAT’s latest developments and is one of co-founder Elena Demina’s proudest accomplishments. 
“The idea of creating products for health and hair beauty that would be just as unique and effective as all the other SPLAT products, came to us a long time ago,” she said. “Our team spent more than five years working on it.” 
The market for hair care products is highly competitive, but SPLAT’s offerings, made exclusively from natural ingredients without silicon or parabens, are unique. The company took its time developing the HEYA series components, but Demina says she is very happy with the result. 
“We do not compete with other hair care producers because, all modesty aside, we believe that our products are unique and unrepeatable,” she said. 
Source: Press photo 
Nigmatullin considers the Russian market robust and large enough to accommodate new products, despite the unfavorable economic situation and the difficult investment climate. 
“The SPLAT phenomenon is not the only one,” Nigmatullin said. “There are many other examples: UAZ, Ural motorcycles, a long list of medicine produced in local plants, confectionery and so on.” 
According to Yeremenko SPLAT’s success can be attributed to hard work and planning. 
“Actually, SPLAT’s story is not as magical as it seems,” Yeremenko said. “It is proof of a solid marketing approach, which basically any producer can adopt.” 
In his view, SPLAT’s founders demonstrated sound judgment and perseverance in developing their idea. 
“The problem with most Russian companies is not the lack of ideas, but that they don’t know where they’re going,” he said. “But SPLAT had a strategy and most importantly, it patiently implemented it.” Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Related ",0
14083,CNN’s Bash on NYT Report: The Deep State Knows How to ’Get Back Even If You’re President’ - Breitbart,"Tuesday on CNN’s “Situation Room,” while reacting to a New York Times report that in February President Donald Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation into Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn, network chief political correspondent Dana Bash said the deep state knew “how to get back, even if you’re the president of the United States. ”  Bash said, “So explosive. So incredibly serious. The Times report also says that James Comey created similar memos after the other meetings that he had with the president. So this could be just the tip of the iceberg. Maybe the most explosive, but it’s very clear that James Comey wanted to get out there that this happened, created this paper trail real time, contemporaneously rather, in order to protect himself from exactly what happened last week, him being fired, him being blamed. You know, wanting to know that he has sort of the information at his disposal if, in fact, this happened. ” She continued, “If you just take a step back, Wolf, just in the past 24 hours, right or wrong, what this president has done, his first 100 plus days, even before he came into office is pick fights with the intelligence community and now the law enforcement community. Particularly the way, never mind he fired James Comey, but the way in which he did it, not giving him the respect of actually telling him in person or at least not having him find out from cable news. So we know that they talk about the deep state —  well these are communities that have a lot of loyalty within and know how to get back, even if you’re the president of the United States. ” “And the fact is that when the intelligence community found out about the conversation that the president had with the Russians, talking about classified information, we don’t know all the details,” she added. “We’re told that it wasn’t as bad as it might have seemed initially, that’s what the White House sources are saying, but still, the intelligence community leaked that out. Now we know that the FBI director was keeping notes on many things. But the fact that this is the first one that he made clear and made public and it’s so incredibly explosive, as Jeff said, is the clearest most dangerous sign yet of potential obstruction of justice. Makes you think, what else is going to happen? And it’s very hard for Republicans who have in the past 24 hours been more aggressively critical of the president begging for a   day or   hour, very hard for them not to take this incredibly seriously. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14084,China Learns How to Get Trump’s Ear: Through Jared Kushner - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When President Trump welcomes President Xi Jinping of China to his   Florida club for two days of meetings on Thursday, the studied informality of the gathering will bear the handiwork of two people: China’s ambassador to Washington and Mr. Trump’s    Jared Kushner. The Chinese ambassador, Cui Tiankai, has established a busy back channel to Mr. Kushner, according to several officials briefed on the relationship. The two men agreed on the club,    as the site for the meeting, and the ambassador even sent Mr. Kushner drafts of a joint statement that China and the United States could issue afterward. Mr. Kushner’s central role reflects not only the peculiar nature of this first meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi, but also of the broader relationship between the United States and China in the early days of the Trump administration. It is at once highly personal and bluntly transactional  —   a strategy that carries significant risks, experts said, given the economic and security issues that already divide the countries. While Chinese officials have found Mr. Trump a bewildering figure with a penchant for inflammatory statements, they have come to at least one clear judgment: In Mr. Trump’s Washington, his    is the man to know. Mr. Kushner first made his influence felt in early February when he and Mr. Cui orchestrated a   phone call between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi. During that exchange, Mr. Trump pledged to abide by the    “One China” policy on Taiwan, despite his earlier suggestion that it was up for negotiation. Now Mr. Trump wants something in return: He plans to press Mr. Xi to intensify economic sanctions against North Korea to pressure the country to shut down its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs. He has also vowed to protest the chronic trade imbalance between the United States and China, which he railed against during his presidential campaign. China’s courtship of Mr. Kushner, which has coincided with the marginalization of the State Department in the Trump administration, reflects a Chinese comfort with dynastic links. Mr. Xi is himself a “princeling”: His father was Xi Zhongxun, a major figure in the Communist revolution who was later purged by Mao Zedong. Not only is Mr. Kushner married to the president’s daughter Ivanka, but he is also one of his most influential advisers  —   a    with no previous government experience but an exceptionally broad portfolio under his   . “Since Kissinger, the Chinese have been infatuated with gaining and maintaining access to the White House,” said Evan S. Medeiros, a senior director for Asia in the Obama administration. “Having access to the president’s family and somebody they see as a princeling is even better. ” Former American officials and China experts warned that the Chinese had prepared more carefully for this visit than the White House, which is still debating how harshly to confront Beijing, and which has yet to fill many important posts in the State Department. Several said that if Mr. Trump presented China with an ultimatum on North Korea, it could backfire. “China will either decide to help us with North Korea, or they won’t,” Mr. Trump said in an interview with The Financial Times that was published on Sunday. “And if they do, that will be very good for China, and if they don’t, it won’t be good for anyone. ” The president said that he had “great respect” for the Chinese leader, but that he would warn him that “we cannot continue to trade if we are going to have an unfair deal like we have right now. ” Shortly after winning the election, Mr. Trump said he might use the “One China” policy, under which the United States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and has severed its diplomatic ties with Taiwan, as a bargaining chip for greater Chinese cooperation on trade or North Korea. Mr. Trump had thrown that policy into doubt after taking a congratulatory phone call from the president of Taiwan. That caused consternation in Beijing, and Mr. Xi refused to get on the phone with Mr. Trump until he reaffirmed the policy. After the two leaders finally spoke, the White House said in a statement that the men had “discussed numerous topics, and President Trump agreed, at the request of President Xi, to honor our One China policy. ” Mr. Trump insisted on that wording, according to a person briefed on the process, because he wanted to make clear that he had made a concession to Mr. Xi. Since that call, Mr. Cui has continued to cultivate the Kushner family. Later in February, he invited Ivanka and the couple’s daughter, Arabella, to a reception at the Chinese Embassy to celebrate the Lunar New Year. Inside the White House, the most visible sign of Mr. Kushner’s influence on China policy came in March at the beginning of a meeting of the National Security Council’s “principals committee” to discuss North Korea. He was seated at the table in the Situation Room when Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, walked in. Seeing no chairs open, General Dunford headed for the backbenches, according to two people who were there. Mr. Kushner, they said, quickly offered his chair to General Dunford and took a seat along the wall. While administration officials confirm that Mr. Kushner is deeply involved in China relations, they insist that Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has taken the lead on policy and made many of the decisions on the choreography and agenda of the meeting at   . In March, Mr. Tillerson made his first trip to Beijing as secretary of state, during which he and Mr. Xi discussed the planning in a   meeting. He was criticized afterward for repeating the phrases “mutual respect” and “  solutions,” which are drawn from the Chinese diplomatic lexicon and have been interpreted to assert a Chinese sphere of influence over the South China Sea and other disputed areas. A senior American official said that Mr. Tillerson applied his own meaning to those phrases  —   “” he said, was originally an American expression  —   and was not accepting China’s definition. He said the secretary had adopted a significantly tougher tone in private, particularly about China’s role in curbing North Korea’s provocations. Mr. Kushner has passed on proposals he got from Mr. Cui to Mr. Tillerson, who in turn has circulated them among his staff in the State Department, officials said. But the department’s influence has been reduced as many positions remain unfilled, including that of assistant secretary for East Asian affairs. Though Mr. Tillerson has kept a low profile, officials said he was trying to develop his own relationship with Mr. Trump at regular lunches and dinners. Mr. Kushner’s involvement in China policy prompted questions after reports that his company was negotiating with a politically connected Chinese firm to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in his family’s flagship property, 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. On Wednesday, amid the glare of negative publicity, Mr. Kushner’s company ended negotiations with the firm, the Anbang Insurance Group. Another question hanging over the meeting is whether the   in the White House will wield their influence. Mr. Trump ran for the presidency on a stridently   platform, accusing the Chinese, wrongly, of continuing to depress the value of their currency, and threatening to impose a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports. The architects of that policy  —   Stephen K. Bannon, the chief strategist, and Peter Navarro, the director of the National Trade Council  —   have said little publicly about China since entering the White House. But on Thursday, Mr. Trump predicted that the meeting would be “very difficult” because, as he said on Twitter, the United States would no longer tolerate “massive trade deficits. ” By inviting Mr. Xi to    Mr. Trump’s “Southern White House,” the president is conferring on him the same status as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, who spent two days in Florida, playing golf with the president and responding to a crisis after North Korea tested a ballistic missile. Such a gesture is particularly valuable, experts said, given that China is not an ally like Japan. Mr. Xi does not play golf  —   as part of his   campaign, he cracked down on Communist Party officials’ playing the sport  —   so he and Mr. Trump will have to find other ways to fill the 25 hours that the Chinese president will be at the club. On Thursday evening, Mr. Trump and his wife, Melania, will host Mr. Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, for dinner. There are obvious parallels between the    meeting and the 2013 summit meeting at Sunnylands in California, Walter Annenberg’s   estate, where President Barack Obama and Mr. Xi got acquainted over long walks in the desert landscape and a dinner of grilled porterhouse steaks and cherry pie. But there are important differences, too. By the time Mr. Obama met with Mr. Xi in California, they had already met once before, when Mr. Xi was vice president. Mr. Xi held extensive meetings with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. traveling with him around the United States. Some former officials said the    meeting might reveal the disparity in experience between the two leaders and their teams. “Sunnylands was difficult because Xi was new, while Obama had his sea legs,” said Mr. Medeiros, the former Obama administration official. “What’s interesting is that the polarity here is reversed. Xi has his sea legs Trump does not. ”",0
14085,China’s Response to Reports of Torture: ‘Fake News’ - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   “FAKE NEWS,” a Twitter post declared. “” another said. “Cleverly orchestrated lies,” a news article asserted. President Trump’s harangues against the American news media appear to have inspired a new genre of commentary in China’s state media, whose propagandists spiced up social media posts and news articles with Trumpian flourishes this week. People’s Daily, the flagship newspaper of the ruling Communist Party, mimicked Mr. Trump’s characteristic bluster  —   and his fondness for capital letters  —   on Friday in denouncing Western news coverage of a Chinese lawyer and human rights advocate who said he had been tortured. An article on the topic a day earlier by Xinhua, the   news agency, had accused the foreign news media of “hype” and suggested that legal activists were manipulating the press to “smear the Chinese government. ” “The stories were essentially fake news,” Xinhua wrote, adopting a phrase that Mr. Trump has embraced. The Chinese government has long denounced Western news organizations as biased and dishonest  —   and in Mr. Trump, Beijing has found an American president who often does the same. The irony in China’s criticism is apparent, given Beijing’s history of obscuring facts and censoring stories that officials deem a threat to the party. Experts said on Friday that Mr. Trump’s continuing attacks on the news media would help lend credibility to Chinese efforts to undermine Western ideals and foreign journalists. “Trump’s attacks on the media will offer a good excuse for Chinese officials to step up their criticism of Western democracy and press freedom,” said Qiao Mu, a journalism professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University. “China can turn to Trump’s attacks to say Western democracy is hypocrisy. ” Some of Mr. Trump’s remarks about the news media would not seem out of place in some of China’s leading broadsheets, where commentators regularly denounce independent reporting by foreign news outlets on delicate subjects like Taiwan or religious persecution. Rights advocates said Mr. Trump had given China an opportunity to further distort the boundaries of journalism. “If the Chinese version of journalism, which is really only propaganda, is considered mainstream, it will challenge the understanding of what real journalism should be,” said Patrick Poon, a researcher for Amnesty International in Hong Kong. The heated commentary in the Chinese news media came in response to foreign coverage of a Chinese lawyer, Xie Yang, whose account of torture at the hands of interrogators was widely reported in January, including in The New York Times. The reports about Mr. Xie, who is still in custody, were based on transcripts of his interviews with his lawyers. Xinhua’s report suggested that the account of the torture of Mr. Xie, who was formally arrested last year on a charge of inciting subversion of state power, was fabricated. “Investigations by reporters and an investigative team have showed that the accusations were nothing but cleverly orchestrated lies,” the report said. Xinhua said Jiang Tianyong, a prominent human rights lawyer, had invented the story and shared it with foreign activists. One of Mr. Xie’s lawyers, Chen Jiangang, denied that on Friday. In a statement, Mr. Chen reiterated that Mr. Xie had provided the account of his torture, describing in detail the meeting at which he had done so. Chinese officials routinely block efforts to report on topics that the government deems delicate. On Friday, the BBC reported that its journalists had been harassed by the authorities in a village in Hunan Province while trying to interview a woman who says her family’s land was stolen. The BBC said that its journalists were assaulted during the encounter, and that a crowd in the village had smashed the crew’s cameras.",0
14086,Art Cashin: Broadcast Interview – Available Now,"36446 Views November 13, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE 
Art Cashin: Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services & CNBC Market Commentator – UBS has over $650 billion under management. Art has over 50 years of Wall Street experience, which gives him the ability to offer valuable insights to investors and traders. When he started in the industry, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was actually in the 700-800 range. He shares his analysis and gives the pulse of the market from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Art is one of the most respected people in the world when it comes to analyzing the action in the US stock market and provides an objective and unbiased view of the current market situation. His daily market commentary is read internationally by clients and peers. Biography from cnbc.com Art Cashin, CNBC Commentator & Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services Art Cashin is the Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services and a regular markets commentator on CNBC. Each trading day from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, he shares his analysis and pulse of the market with CNBC viewers. About author",0
14087,Nunes Stepping Aside Temporarily from Russia Probe,"House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) announced Thursday morning that he is temporarily stepping aside from leading a committee probe into Russia’s influence on the 2016 presidential elections. [He said he was doing so after several “leftwing activist groups” filed false accusations against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics, but that he would stand aside from the Russia investigation until it is resolved.  He said in a statement he was temporarily handing over the investigation to committee members Rep. Mike Conaway ( ) Trey Gowdy ( ) and Tom Rooney ( ). Gowdy led a congressional investigation into the September 2012 terrorist attack on the U. S. consulate in Benghazi. House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said he continued to have trust in Nunes. “Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust, and I know he is eager to demonstrate to the Ethics Committee that he has followed all proper guidelines and laws,” he said. “In the meantime, it is clear that this process would be a distraction for the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian interference in our election. Chairman Nunes has offered to step aside as the lead Republican on this probe, and I fully support this decision,” he said. “Chairman Mike Conaway, a senior member of the Committee, will now lead this investigation in the House. I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia’s actions and follow the facts wherever they lead. ” The accusations come after Nunes last month announced he saw evidence that members of President Trump’s transition team had their names “unmasked”  —   or revealed  —   during the course of U. S. intelligence surveillance on foreign targets. Unmasking refers to revealing the identities of Americans who are otherwise protected from having their identities known when they are incidentally caught up in surveillance. A private conversation held between Trump’s   National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was illegally leaked to the Washington Post in February. Earlier this week, blogger Mike Cernovich, Bloomberg View, and Fox News revealed it was former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice who had requested the unmasking. Rice did not deny doing so, but said it was not politically motivated and denied leaking anything. “I leaked nothing to nobody,” she said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports. ” “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That is absolutely false. I was the national security advisor. My job is to protect the American people and the security of our country,” she said. Nunes’ full statement: “Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics. The charges are entirely false and politically motivated, and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U. S. citizens and other abuses of power. “Despite the baselessness of the charges, I believe it is in the best interests of the House Intelligence Committee and the Congress for me to have Representative Mike Conaway, with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney, temporarily take charge of the Committee’s Russia investigation while the House Ethics Committee looks into this matter. I will continue to fulfill all my other responsibilities as Committee Chairman, and I am requesting to speak to the Ethics Committee at the earliest possible opportunity in order to expedite the dismissal of these false claims. ”  ",0
14088,"John Kerry's Remarks at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, by John F. Kerry","John Kerry’s Remarks at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs by John F. Kerry Voltaire Network | Chicago | 26 October 2016 Well, good evening, everybody. And thank you, very, very much to Ivo Daalder. Thank you, sir, Mr. Ambassador. And thanks to the Chicago Council for Global Affairs for inviting me here. And a profound thank you to Ambassador Lou Susman for his very generous introduction. And most importantly, Marge and Lou, thank you for many, many years of extraordinary friendship. I really value it. And I think everybody is grateful for the service of both of these ambassadors. Thank you.
With respect to my being here, I have to tell you I was surprised that you guys showed up given the Cubbies. (Laughter.) I figured that – I was surprised at the generous welcome, because I thought the only people who would come would be White Sox fans – (applause) – but I’m pleasantly, pleasantly surprised. More to say about that.
Ivo is one of our top foreign policy experts of the generation, and I had the occasion to be at his residence in Brussels with President Karzai and the then chief of staff of Pakistan’s armed forces, and we abused his premises significantly for hours while we negotiated. But I’m grateful for the job he did. He was an outstanding United States ambassador to NATO.
And Lou, folks, if you don’t know it, is a Chicago fixture. He is a former emissary to the United Kingdom to the Court of St. James, a lawyer, a businessman, and as I mentioned, a longtime friend. He is also one of those very irritating people who no matter what he tries he succeeds at it. (Laughter.)
So Ambassador Daalder and Susman, you guys make a great team. And my deepest respects to you, and thank you for continuing with the council in providing leadership. We really appreciate it.
To my former colleague on Capitol Hill, Senator Dick Durbin, to Secretary Bill Daley, to Ambassador Jim Dobbins, members of the consular corps, and to all of you, thank you very much for your warm welcome to Chicago, the hometown of my boss. (Applause.)
I’m not saying this for your consumption; I say it anywhere and everywhere. President Obama is going to go down in history as one of America’s significant and most accomplished chief executives. (Applause.) And lucky guy, he’s only in his fifties. He’s got a lot more to contribute to the country, so we’re all lucky.
And over the years, I have heard President Obama talk a lot about Chicago, as you could imagine. And I am sure he has heard me as a champion of Boston complaining about Chicago’s unconscionable kidnapping of Theo Epstein and Jon Lester. (Laughter.) Envy is a terrible thing, folks. (Laughter.)
We all know that for many decades, Boston and Chicago were linked by an evil curse hatched by demons dwelling thousands of miles beneath the Earth’s crust. (Laughter.) And a dozen years ago, with Theo’s help, Boston broke from the spell. And skies opened, the lotus blossoms fell like rain. (Laughter.) And because some of you may be superstitious – which actually means all of you are superstitious – I will say no more except to say: Forget about yesterday. Your Cubbies are wicked awesome, as we say in Boston. (Applause.) And I promise to get you home tonight before the seventh inning stretch. (Laughter.)
Now, my focus this evening is on diplomacy, the art of negotiating and building relationships. It is a skill that some people have and others do not. For example, when Ulysses S. Grant was a boy, he lived across the state in Galina. And at the age of eight, he got permission from his dad to buy a neighbor’s horse. So he went to the neighbor’s farm and he told the guy there, “Papa says I can offer you $20 for the colt, but if you don’t take it, I’m to offer twenty-two-and-a-half. And if you don’t take that, I’m to give you 25.”
Now, my friends, with that kind of transparency, we could put WikiLeaks out of business. (Laughter.) But I’ve got to tell you, it makes you wonder how the North ever won the Civil War. (Laugher.) Now, we can all read about the Civil War and have, and we can all sit in the grandstands and watch the World Series, but actually, we’re here tonight not as spectators. We’re here as real-life participants in a troubled world. And we know that we have choices to make as citizens and as a country that can spell the difference between security and suffering, progress and stagnation, in an era of rapid, breathtaking transition. And that breathtaking transition is at the heart of a lot of the discontent that we see playing out in the most disturbing and unattractive ways.
But we have to take seriously what’s underneath it. The stark and bipolar divide of the Cold War that I encountered when I first arrived in the United States Senate that I grew up with, as a kid who grew up through the Cold War, but which I arrived at in the Senate more than 30 years ago, that bipolar, simple world has disappeared, and I don’t think anyone regrets that. But we are confronted today by a globe that is both no less dangerous and far more complex, where the power to influence events is less hierarchical, far more broadly dispersed, and change is at least as likely to be driven from the bottom as it is from the top.
For better and often for worse, non-state actors have assumed a more prominent role on the global stage. Chicago’s MacArthur Foundation is one of the happier examples. And the astonishing march of technology has and continues to revolutionize the workplace, and seemingly it has shrunk time and space, and that makes neighbors of all of us. Political instability, economic hardships, and even climate change have caused record numbers of people to migrate across borders in search of a better life. And all of this has made the job of governing in a way that meets public expectations harder than it has ever been before.
Here in the United States, we saw our nation attacked on 9/11 and our armed forces enter a fight at great cost in Afghanistan and Iraq. In recent years, we have witnessed the rise of Daesh/ISIL and again experienced the tragedy of terrorist murders close to home. We are confronted as well by the specter of cyber warfare, and by the unwelcome return of vicious sectarian violence and extreme nationalism.
It is little wonder that some yearn for what seems like a far simpler time. But it would be foolish to think that we can move ahead with our eyes firmly fixed on the rearview mirror. International challenges can’t be wished away, they can’t be ignored. They have to be met with honesty and determination and confidence. And that is the approach that our country at its best has always taken. As a famous son of Illinois once said, “optimist” is just another name for an American. And I agree – on at least this point – with Ronald Reagan. (Laughter.)
Put simply, the tasks that we face in the world today are more diverse and more complicated than those that our predecessors wrestled with. And frankly, our strategies have to reflect that and they don’t always. Some problems are relatively narrow in scope or they’re confined to a particular region, but a few – such as those that are posed by poor governance, of which there is far too much in this world right now – corruption, climate change, violent extremism; these are problems and challenges that are literally generational in their scope, and they require both short-term and long-term actions – something that our politics is finding it really difficult to deal with to our great detriment as a country.
At times we will be able to count on global institutions, but more often we’re going to have to do a lot of the heavy lifting ourselves. That’s what I’ve learned as Secretary. In every case, we have to act with our nation’s values and our best interests in mind. And I want to be crystal clear that is exactly what we are doing.
Now, we’ve all heard some people accuse the United States of standing aloof from the world’s problems or somehow being in retreat. I’ve heard that narrative. I hear people say why is the United States disengaging? Why are you pulling back? And I scratch my head, and I say, where are these people coming from? But those assertions are, to use a diplomatic term of art, absolute nonsense. The truth is that the United States today is more deeply engaged in more places simultaneously on more critical issues with greater consequence than ever before in the history of this nation, and I know that. (Applause.)
Now, let me run through that a little bit so it’s not just a sentence, it’s not rhetoric. Consider for a moment the world’s most dynamic region.
The Asia Pacific is essential to the security and the prosperity of the United States – period. Of our top ten trading partners in the world, five of them are in Asia. The globe’s most populous country and its largest democracy are located there. In East Asia, we have enduring defense alliances with Japan and the Republic of Korea that we continue to strengthen and reaffirm and that we have strengthened and reaffirmed in this administration twice since I have been Secretary.
We have a regional diplomatic agenda that covers everything from nonproliferation to the prevention of human trafficking. Just two days ago I chaired – because I chair the Interagency Task Force – we had the Attorney General of the United States, the head of the FBI, the Treasury Department, the entire government – Education Department, Commerce – all at the same table talking about how we’re going to deal with human trafficking and end the scourge of modern-day slavery in the year 2016. I don’t know any other nation. (Applause.) You tell me what other nation has every arm of its government sitting around the same table on the same day wrestling with a global international issue and offering leadership as we have been on the issue of trafficking. Young women who are sold into slavery and sex traffics; a young man with a shackle around his neck that The New York Times chronicled so effectively, who was two years at sea, shackled to a boat where he was made to fish illegally and as a slave. You can run through 27 million stories, folks. I don’t know them all, but I know that each is as horrible as the other, and so do you. And these are people who are powerless; people from whom it is only a country like us that is willing to work to try to stand up and bring them out of the shadows and liberate them that we are their only hope, their only possibility of survival in situations where otherwise they might be forgotten to anybody and everybody – a speck of history that disappeared in some horrible moment that we don’t even witness.
We are cooperating with local (inaudible) leaders to restrain North Korea’s dangerous nuclear program and we’re adding muscle to one of the toughest economic sanctions regimes ever imposed, and we led the effort to achieve that. We consult regularly with regional partners to prevent misunderstandings that would lead to even greater tensions in the South China Sea. And we are helping to guide Myanmar’s historic transition from global outcast to emerging democracy. Just yesterday, I met with leaders from Vietnam to deepen our ties to a one-time adversary with whom we have found areas of common ground that not long ago would have seemed literally unimaginable.
Yesterday, I sat across a man who told me he fought in Quang Tri in the north of Vietnam while I was in the south, improbable as it might have been years ago for me to imagine we would sit across the table from each other and talk about how we really make peace. We left there in 1975 – as you all know, ’73 – we left in ’75, the fall of Saigon, then-Saigon, and the rest is history. Well, I’m proud that the United States saw the President of the United States Barack Obama, together with the Secretary of State who fought in that war in Hanoi, in Ho Chi Minh City, forging stronger ties with what is now a raging capitalist country that is changing rapidly. And that is how you really make peace, my friends – by building, by diplomacy. (Applause.)
In September, I sat down with New York – in New York with representatives from many Asian nations, and they reiterated a message that I have heard over and over again as Secretary of State. They welcome America’s presence in their region. And they don’t go to bed at night wondering about when we’re going to leave; they worry that we might leave. They don’t want any one country to try and dictate to others what they can and cannot do. And they see the United States of America as a balancing and stabilizing force, but they’re also concerned about what the future is going to bring. And the question they ask, the critical test of our commitment above all others, is whether we will formally approve the Trans Pacific Partnership or the TPP.
Now, let me tell you, this 12-nation agreement which we sought, which we led to create, which we have put our credibility on the line in order to build this 40 percent of global GDP entity that will create a race to the top, not a race to the bottom. It’s a global economy, and this agreement includes three of the biggest trading partners of Chicago – Canada, Mexico, and Japan. Unlike any trade agreement that our country has ever previously signed, TPP includes unprecedented labor and environmental protections within the four corners of the agreement, unlike the others. It mandates a level playing field between private sector companies and state-owned companies. Who do you think benefits from that? We don’t have state-owned companies. Other countries do. And now we create a level playing field. And provided Congress approves it, this pact will abolish 18,000 foreign taxes on American goods and services, making it easier for our farmers, our ranchers, and our businesspeople to be able to export overseas.
That is why the TPP is both a good deal for the American economy and it is a litmus test of our country’s capacity to lead. Make no mistake; if we’re going to live up to our responsibilities in Asia, if we’re going to treat our partners with the respect that they deserve while earning their respect at the same time, and if we’re going to do what is necessary to protect our interests, we have to maintain a steady and a reliable presence in that region. And I’ll just share with you our involvement can’t be in one sector and not in others. We can’t focus on one country and not be inclusive. We can’t focus on security at one moment and then ignore the economic dimension. You can’t turn it on and off like a faucet. Whenever and wherever vacuums exist in this world today, others will move to fill them in ways that may not embrace the rule of law and that will certainly not reflect the kind of high trading standards that we, the United States, seek.
If we were to see the TPP rejected, it would be a gigantic self-inflicted wound on our nation – a setback to our own interests in the region, where our credibility as a country on any agreement we’re trying to negotiate would be in doubt. It would amount to a conscious turning of our backs on the Asia Pacific at the very moment that we ought to be linking arms. It would be an act that would hurt American workers, slow our economy, hinder our ability to advance the full range of U.S. objectives in a region that is just, by common sense, with five of the fastest-growing nations in the world, a region that is important to our future.
Now, the good news is most of our citizens realize this. A recent survey by this council showed that a majority of Americans favor the TPP and believe that free trade is beneficial – and as I say free, I say fair, because it’s important that it be an agreement like the TPP, where you have labor standards and environment standards. But it is beneficial to our economy and is helpful to America’s standard of living.
And those people who are the majority in America who say they do support it realize that if America is going to keep growing – just think about this, it’s sort of basic common sense. You want the economy to grow, folks? Then you have to be able to sell to the places where 95 percent of the world’s customers live, and that’s not in the United States. Ninety-five percent of the world’s customers live in other countries – beyond our borders – and we can’t grow our economy unless we’re willing to engage in trade. So don’t throw the baby out with the bathwater. That’s not what this is about. The problem is not that the average American worker is penalized by trade itself. The average American worker is penalized by a system that doesn’t allow them to share in the benefits of that trade, which sees the top 1 percent take most of the benefits away with them. And what we need is a measure of fairness in our tax structure, in our social structure, education, ongoing education, that provides opportunity for all Americans, so that whatever disruption or dislocation might come is adjusted for because we understand what we’re doing.
So I call on Congress when it returns to Washington after the election to take up and approve the TPP. It is the right thing to do for America – and no matter what the loudest voices may be shouting – it is also the popular choice. (Applause.)
Now even – but even as we demonstrate sustained leadership on the rebalance of our national security policy towards the Asia Pacific, we have to confront a lot of other tests as well. And none is more urgent than responding to the threat that is posed by violent extremists. This is a danger that has evolved steadily since 9/11 and we work constantly to defend against it, both here and at home; and in helping Nigeria to push back against the terrorist kidnappers of Boko Haram, which we are doing successfully; of helping Somalia to reclaim land from al-Shabaab, which we are doing successfully; of helping Afghanistan to safeguard its citizens from the Taliban; to help friends in the Middle East who are confronted by the most ruthless terrorist organization of all.
I want you to think back to the summer of 2014, ask yourself who is retreating. In 2014, Daesh terrorists were rampaging across Syria and Iraq, and you remember seeing on TV the Toyotas and the black flags and the sweeping columns moving through town after town plundering cities, murdering and torturing the innocent, and claiming to establish a caliphate that would rule all Islam. We heard dire predictions that Baghdad was about to fall and that young people from every single corner of the globe were going to flock to Daesh to kill and die in the name of hate.
It was a time to provide leadership, and that is exactly what President Obama did when he ordered U.S. planes to engage and bomb those terrorists and help rescue an endangered group of Yazidis on Mount Sinjar in northern Iraq, where we stopped a slaughter from taking place. We led the effort to mobilize a diverse coalition that now numbers 67 countries. And together with our partners on the ground, we took on the terrorists and began to liberate the cities that they had occupied – Kobani, Tikrit, Fallujah, Ramadi, and more. And today, the citizens who were driven out have returned to those communities. Day after day, we have been eliminating the leaders of Daesh, choking their finances, disrupting their supply lines, hammering their oil facilities, and reducing their recruitment to a trickle.
And from the outset, we warned that eliminating Daesh completely wasn’t going to happen overnight; it was going to take a number of years. And that remains the case. But I’m telling you, the terrorists haven’t been able to launch a significant offensive and hold territory since May of last year. We have closed off the strategic border between Syria and Turkey.
And just last week, Iraqi and Peshmerga forces began a campaign to free Mosul, the so-called spiritual capital of Daesh’s phony caliphate and its largest remaining stronghold. Now this is going to be a difficult and consuming assault against a dug-in foe; but I’ll tell you this, our resolve could not be more firm. Daesh is opposed to every value human civilization aspires to. Daesh kills Christians because they are Christians; Jews because they are Jews; Yazidis because they are Yazidis; Shiite Muslims because they are Shiite Muslims; and Sunni Muslims if they reject Daesh’s ugly view of the world. Daesh sells little girls into slavery and brags about it. It cuts off the heads of innocent people in public, and sometimes forces children to watch and to even participate in executions. I said it earlier this year and I will say it again: Daesh is guilty of genocide and we will hold Daesh accountable. (Applause.)
My friends, it matters that every time we defeat these terrorists in one place, we seize files that help us to disrupt the networks that they are trying to establish in others; we learn more about how Daesh operates and who is aiding or conspiring with them. No one hears much about the attacks that don’t happen. We’re glad; we like it that way. But by sharing information, our coalition is helping to deter and break up plots on a regular basis before anyone gets hurt.
We are also engaged in a nonstop effort to rebut the lies that fuel propaganda. Here, too, we are making gains. Daesh’s presence on social media has plummeted and it has become apparent that its pledge to create Paradise on Earth is crumbling into a hand full of dust.
So here’s the bottom line: Because of the determined use of our diplomacy backed by our armed forces and the commitment of our partners, and the leadership that we have provided, we are going to win the fight against Daesh. And we are going to prevail without altering the nature of our societies, without succumbing to bigotry, without closing our borders, without betraying the democratic values that terrorists have vowed to destroy.
We will also persist in our effort to find a diplomatic solution to the conflict in Syria, and I believe we will find a way to ultimately end the most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II. It is a crisis, I might add, that is not going to be solved by just writing checks for refugees. We’re the largest donor in the world to the Syrian refugees. But what we have to do is stop the flow of refugees; we have to end the war. And this is as complicated a bit of diplomatic business as I’ve ever seen.
The situation in Syria is made worse by the multi-sided nature of the fighting as well as the utter depravity of the Assad regime, and there are so many different forces there. But precisely because the war is so complex, clear principles are required to end it. And because some outside powers have been playing an unhelpful role, international cooperation is essential as well. That’s why a year ago, we, the United States, brought together a group of stakeholders – the International Syria Support Group. It includes every single country that is involved in the conflict, including Russia and Iran.
And some people say, “Well, why are you sitting at the table with those guys?” Because they’re involved. Because without them being part of the solution, they are part of the problem. Each and every one of those countries promised to support a cessation of hostilities, the unfettered delivery of humanitarian aid, and negotiations that would lead to a political transition. Now, these remain the right principles for ending the war; but as the world knows far too well, the promises made on paper have not yet been matched by actions on the ground.
And this failure to keep faith has been both deeply tragic and unbelievably frustrating, piling misery on top of misery, and squandering opportunities for progress when they’re staring us right in the face. And despite the many setbacks, my friends, there’s a simple reality. The need for diplomacy remains, because the fact remains that a military solution in the judgment of most people is simply not possible – at least not if Syria is ever to be a whole country again.
This is complicated because there are many wars taking place simultaneously in the same place – Kurd on Kurd, Kurd on Turkey, Iran versus Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia versus Iran; Iran and Hizballah versus Israel versus us and those who have labeled Hizballah a terrorist organization; a lot of people against Assad; the whole world against Daesh; Daesh against Assad and civilization and everybody else; Shia versus Sunni; Persian Shia versus Arab Sunni. I think that’s more than six.
So let me be clear: There’s nothing inevitable about this war. The Syrian disaster resulted from choices that people made. And what people have the power to choose, they have the ability to change. I don’t think it’s hard to envision the changes that we need: a real and lasting ceasefire, representatives from both sides coming together in Geneva and coming together in the country, coming together in the country to defeat the terrorists and coming together in Geneva to define the transitional governing body of the Geneva Communique; to agree on new leadership and on new forms of governance; and to prepare for elections.
And why can I say that? Because every single country at the table of the International Syria Support Group has said they support that – elections, a transition government, a whole Syria, respect for rights of all minorities, secular, non-sectarian. The problem is there remains a mountain of mistrust between where we are and where we need to get to. And as we try to chip away at that mountain, we will make – I will make and President Obama will make zero apology for using every single diplomatic tool at our disposal to try to end this war. And we make no apology for not giving up when hospitals are being bombed, when children are still dying in the streets, and more and more refugees are added to the most horrific mass exodus in modern times. We owe the world our best effort to end this war, and we will continue to provide it. (Applause.)
Now, the impact of our diplomacy is also being felt in Europe, which is in the process of responding to an array of economic and other dilemmas, including the influx of refugees from Syria, from the Middle East, from Afghanistan, from Africa, and the decision, of course, by Great Britain to leave the European Union.
And we take these concerns very seriously, but they don’t diminish our faith in the future of the European project or the resilience of the transatlantic relationship partnership. I was in Brussels earlier this month, and I found that the sense of common purpose across the Atlantic is being demonstrated every single day. The United States and Europe continue to maintain tough economic sanctions against Russia because of its aggression in Ukraine, and our unity has been made even stronger by Russian President Putin’s repeated efforts to interfere in the functioning of our democratic systems. In July, at the NATO Summit in Warsaw, we agreed to bolster our security efforts in the Baltics and in Central Europe, and we’re doing that. We’re emphasizing energy diversification, helping to lead countries that have a one-place energy source and try to diversify for them in order to avoid the potential of being exposed to economic blackmail. And as I’ve said clearly on both sides of the English Channel: Brexit does not alter in the least American’s unwavering commitment to a strong Europe, a strong United Kingdom, and close diplomatic cooperation on matters of importance to all of us.
One illustration of that kind of diplomatic cooperation was the nuclear agreement that was referred to in Lou’s introduction regarding Iran. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action would never have gotten off the ground without firm European support for the sanctions that helped to bring Iran to the bargaining table. And that support was critical because before negotiations began, Iran had developed the ability to produce enough fissile material for a nuclear bomb in just two months. In fact, they had enough nuclear material for 12 bombs. That’s where we were. The clock was ticking. So we made the decision to negotiate, and it is a good thing we did.
Under the plan that we reached, Iran agreed to ship 98 percent of its enriched uranium out of the country, to shut down two-thirds of its centrifuges, to take the core of its plutonium nuclear reactor and fill it with concrete rendering it unusable forever, and they acceded to a state-of-the-art, rigorous verification regime.
Now, as we know, this was a contentious debate here in this country. Many people argued against negotiating with Iran, let alone coming to an agreement, saying it would be a terrible mistake. I’ll tell you, to my core, I still believe they were and are wrong. The Iran agreement wasn’t a miscalculation. It has made the whole world safer, and it shows the value of diplomatic engagement even – and perhaps especially – when the governments involved disagree with another on as many issues as we did. When we came together to begin this negotiation, we hadn’t even talked formally to an official of Iran in 35 years.
Now, I’m not standing here pretending to you that diplomacy can solve every problem. It can’t. But the peaceful breakthroughs that it can provide are well worth the attempt. Nothing has ever been accomplished by an unwillingness to try. And I’ve always said I’d rather be caught trying.
Our diplomacy is also making a difference on global issues, and at the top of that is the historic progress that we are now beginning to make with regard to climate change.
Here in Chicago, as elsewhere around the world, you’ve experienced record high temperatures. If the present trend continues, average thermometer readings in the Midwest are going to reach those traditionally associated with the deep South. Each last month was the hottest month in human history – July the hottest month in recorded history. May, June, run the list – so much so that the last 10 years add to the fact that not only was last year the hottest year in human history, the last 10 years are the hottest year – or the hottest decade. And guess what? The decade before that is the second-hottest in human history, and the decade before that is the third-hottest in human history. You’d think with those trend lines that everybody would catch on. But in fact, we had a political party in our country that didn’t allow – not one single candidate running for president – to say anything about climate change. And in the debates that we just had for president, out of six hours of debates, the vice president and president combined, not one single question was asked about climate change.
Now, here in Chicago, you’ve been responding to this challenge by implementing flood protection measures, by planting trees, by committing to green technology. But for these steps to be fully effective, they’re going to have to be matched by a concerted international campaign that is now, because of our efforts, gathering steam. And no one country can solve this problem alone. If we went to zero tomorrow, we’d still have a major problem.
Last December in Paris, the United States joined governments from nearly 200 nations in approving the most far-reaching agreement on climate change ever negotiated. And to arrive at that point, we had to put the environment where it belonged: right at the top or near top of our foreign policy agenda.
In 2009 in Copenhagen – I remember being there – the world convened to talk about climate change but adjourned in total disarray, a famous implosion where the Chinese were involved with the G77 in moving in the opposite direction. So recognizing that, one of my first initiatives as Secretary of State was to prevent that from happening again. I went to Beijing to create in the early – within a month and a half or so of being Secretary, we created a bilateral working group in order to see if it was possible for us to find a different way to move forward with the exact purpose of trying to have our presidents be able to announce the level of reductions that we would jointly engage in.
Well, that effort paid off when, in January of 2015, President Obama and President Xi stood side by side in Beijing, representing the world’s two largest economies and the two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases, and together we set ambitious targets for action while encouraging other countries to do the same. That is what broke open the possibility of the Paris Agreement.
And the Paris Agreement was a diplomatic milestone, but it’s still far from the finish line. We began this year hoping to take additional strides. First, we wanted to ensure that enough countries would formally ratify the Paris Agreement so that we could bring it into force by the end of the year. That required a whirlwind effort to gain the approval of cabinets and parliaments, the kind of process that often consumes – ask Ivo or ask Lou – could consume a decade. We did it in 10 months.
Our second goal was to map out a path towards carbon-neutral growth for the international aviation industry. We achieved that goal in September.
And two weeks ago, I flew to Rwanda in pursuit of our third goal: a plan to phase down the use of heat-trapping hydrofluorocarbons in air conditioners, refrigerators, and other devices. And this is probably the single-most important step that we could take to limit the severity of global warming in ways because it, by itself, if properly implemented, will save one-half a degree Centigrade in the warming of Planet Earth. This negotiation also was the product of years of painstaking diplomacy, and it, too, had a positive outcome.
So as I said earlier, shielding our planet from the worst consequences of climate change is a generational challenge. But in the three decades that I have been working on this issue, I have never seen the kind of positive momentum that we have now. Across the globe, leaders from the private sector, from civil society, the scientific community, the religious organizations, and governments at all levels are all together moving in the same direction. Yes, there are still pockets of blindness and denial, some right here in America, as I mentioned. And yes, the agreement does not by itself guarantee that we will halt the temperature increase at 2 degrees Centigrade.
But by acting boldly on all three fronts – Paris Agreement, civil aviation, hydrofluorocarbons – we have sent an unmistakable, powerful message to entrepreneurs and investors everywhere in the world that now is the time to revolutionize the way we produce and use energy. And as I have said many times, the solution to climate change is staring us in the face. It’s not something we have to discover in the future. It’s here, it’s now, it’s energy policy, it’s moving to make better choices about how we power our transportation, our buildings, our electricity. That’s the solution. And the sooner we move to a low-carbon, no-carbon economy, the sooner we will solve this problem for future generations. (Applause.)
And by the way, it is the biggest market in the history of human beings. The market that grew my state of Massachusetts unbelievably and even our country in the 1990s was a $1 trillion market with a billion users. That was the high-tech market – computers, personal computers, and communications. This market is a 4 to 5 billion user market today going up to 9 billion users, and it’s a multi-trillion-dollar market today and it’s going to go up into the 40, 50 trillion mark in terms of investment over the course of the next years. This is the way you put people back to work. If there is one piece of advice I will have for my successor, it will be to ensure that environmental diplomacy remains an integral part of our foreign policy, because we cannot safeguard the future of this planet for our children and our grandchildren if we fail to defend the fundamental principles of a safe and clean Mother Earth. (Applause.)
Now, you should know – now, maybe you’re beginning to get the sense of our engagement. What I’ve discussed so far is really just the tip of a very big iceberg. Every day, the State Department’s Foreign and Civil Service professional are hard at work on issues affecting places like Colombia, where we’re aiding President Santos’s effort to end a 50-year war, the longest-running civil conflict in our hemisphere; Cuba, where we have restored diplomatic relations for the first time in more than half a century; Yemen, where we’re trying to work every day now to establish a roadmap towards a durable peace; Libya, where we are working to strengthen the government of national accord, and I will be meeting in London on Monday of next week on that very subject; Sub-Sahara Africa, where we’re training young leaders, promoting connectivity, supporting the empowerment of women; Central Asia, where we’re engaged on energy security and helping civil society to take root.
And as the men and women who work in our country’s diplomatic posts can attest to you, being the face of America abroad is an honor, yes, but it’s also a continual challenge filled with personal sacrifice and even risk. I have nothing but admiration for the members of our overseas teams, which is why I think the Chicago Council’s new Youth Diplomats program to help prepare the leaders of tomorrow is a fantastic idea. Let no one doubt the effort by the United States to assist people in other nations makes a major difference to them, but also it makes a major difference to us. And it has done much to shape what our country means to the world.
Back in 1949, a junior State Department official named Benjamin Hardy had an idea. He thought that some of the concepts behind America’s New Deal might work if they were applied internationally. He proposed a large-scale program that would harness popular, Quote: , “enthusiasm for social and economic improvement,” and thereby repulse Communism and create a decent life for the Earth’s millions.
Mr. Hardy sent his suggestion up the State Department chain-of-command only to see it come back down with the deadly words, “Needs further study.” He sent it up again; it came down again. And here I assure you that nothing like this would ever happen in the flawlessly managed State Department of today – (laughter) – but after trying and failing a third time to get support from above, he did something which I do not recommend to anyone’s who’s aggrieved in my department, he reached directly out to the White House. And the next thing he knew, President Harry Truman was unveiling a program of international assistance as the featured fourth point in his Inaugural Address.
This was truly something new. Never before had a country launched a major effort to help people to whom it had no special ties except a shared interest in peace and prosperity. And it’s no accident that that country was the United States of America.
I’m not going to tell you that in the time since we’ve solved every problem or that every indicator of international progress is due to America. No, it’s not. But I do know, because I’ve seen it firsthand in country after country, the difference that our leadership and our resources have had a lot to do with what is happening for the good in so many places in the world today. Children born today can expect to live longer and healthier lives than in any previous generation. Did you know that? Compared to just 20 years ago, we have cut in half the number of mothers who die during childbirth and the number of infants who perish because of malnutrition. We’ve vastly expanded access to education for girls and boys. In Afghanistan in 2001, only about a million kids went to school, and they were all boys. Now there are more than 9 million kids in school, and 40 percent of them are girls. (Applause.)
We have driven extreme poverty below 10 percent for the first time in human history. We defied predictions to save hundreds of thousands of people who were at risk of Ebola. Remember they said a million people were going to die two Christmases ago, and we never got close to that because President Obama dared to send 3,000 troops over to build health care delivery capacity, and doctors and nurses and aides provided courageous assistance to save lives. We joined forces with the global health community to turn the tide in the fight against HIV/AIDS. I remember 15, 20 years ago it was death sentence and people didn’t even want to talk about it. Now we can look forward, thanks to our program that we put together first in the Senate and then globally, to the first “born free from AIDS” generation in more than three decades. (Applause.)
And with the help that we have just received from Congress, you can bet we are going to go after the Zika virus with all the energy that we have, because the prospect of becoming a parent should be a source of joy for everyone everywhere, not a source of fear. (Applause.)
This, my friends, is really just scratching the surface of a record in which all Americans can take pride. And yes, it comes at a cost. But do you know that amazing surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid? Do you know what the reality is? One single penny of every dollar that our government spends abroad in terms of diplomacy and all of the programs and all of our aid – one single penny of every dollar is used for international operations and includes everything from counterterrorism to assistance to providing security at our embassies and paying for the staffs of embassies around the world. One penny out of every dollar. One percent. Without doubt, the biggest and best single bargain in the government today.
Now, in October of 1937, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt arrived in Chicago to dedicate the Outer Drive Bridge. He was expected to talk about local issues, but instead he had a global message in mind. Congress had earlier approved a neutrality law prohibiting the Executive from sending aid to the democratic countries of Europe. And there were many in our country who said that to remain safe, America should close its eyes to the storms gathering abroad and avoid making an enemy of Hitler.
Standing in front of an array of microphones, legs supported by clamps, hands gripping the podium for support, Roosevelt warned that a “reign of terror and international lawlessness” was threatening “the very foundations of civilization.” In vivid terms, he denounced the rise of fascism in Europe, aggression in the Pacific, and the slaughter of defenseless civilians in Abyssinia and China. He said that trying to ignore these outrages would bring not peace, but more of the same – and he compared them to a disease that people everywhere should join in isolating.
FDR’s so-called “quarantine” speech, as it came to be known, was denounced by many as “warlike,” and his summons to action was rebuffed by the European advocates of appeasement. But as history was soon to demonstrate, Roosevelt’s every word was proven true.
As I enter my final three months as Secretary of State, I am as convinced now, as FDR was then, of the need for peace-loving people on every continent to band together to reject the apostles of hate, the authors of aggression, the manipulators of truth who threaten to hold us back and do us harm. We need to fulfill the responsibility that we all share to uphold the global norms, to defend freedom in all of its dimensions, and to respect the rights and the dignity of every single human being.
Also like Roosevelt, I recognize – as I think everyone here does – the importance of flexible and creative U.S. leadership in making that happen. Our country is blessed with an $18 trillion economy. We should be asking ourselves not how quickly or sharply we can shed the responsibilities of leadership, but rather how much more can we do. We have our own storm clouds and our own foundations of civilization to protect. And let us never forget that America is the exceptional nation that so many people in public life like to talk about, but we’re not exceptional because we make speeches about being exceptional, and we’re not exceptional when we shove our face in other people’s faces and tell them how exceptional we are. We are exceptional when and because we do exceptional things. That’s what makes America exceptional. And America can do more, even today, with greater impact. But we have to be willing to put resources on the table and empower people to live our vision – not view it with envy from the outside.
I believe that we should look to the future with every ounce of optimism that has always inspired and energized our nation, but we should also acknowledge that we will not be able to chart a sure course for others unless we are at peace with ourselves.
A great American from this state once warned, in the words of the scriptures, that, “a house divided against itself cannot stand.” Whatever happens in the next two weeks, our country is going to have to begin a process of healing, of reconnecting with one another, of listening, of forgiving, and remembering that every action we take is being carefully observed by our global allies and adversaries, and that what they see will have a direct impact on our future ability to be able to lead.
I think that we have one of the greatest stories in the world to tell. The strength of America, unlike some places where they’re defined by ethnicity or by centuries of homogeneity – we are not. We are defined by an idea, unlike most other countries, and that idea is about freedom and the pursuit of happiness and all people being created equal with the opportunity to make the most of themselves.
Ladies and gentlemen, American greatness is not an entitlement and it cannot be taken for granted. It has to be demonstrated; it has to be earned by every generation. And one of the great strengths I hear from other people whenever I travel is how they see in America a country that is always changing, always moving forward, always looking to the future, always able to redefine itself. That effort demands the best from us and it demands the best within us. The world will be watching to see whether we, the American people, remain up to that challenge. There is not a scintilla of doubt in my mind that the answer is yes, but we are going to do a better job – all of us together, I believe – or we need to all do a better job in proving it to people.
This Administration still has miles to go before we pass into history, and I intend to work with the president as he does until January 20th to advance the cause of our country. And in doing so, I will be grateful for as long as I live for the privilege I have been given to serve, just as I am now grateful for your hospitality in welcoming me to the matchless city of Chicago. Thank you and go Cubs. (Applause.) Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Please, please, please (inaudible).
MR DAALDER: Mr. Secretary, I think I speak for all of us here to thank you for your service and for this really rousing call for continued strong American leadership and engagement in the world. We have a couple more minutes, so we’ve gotten some questions that we’ve collected, and I wanted to start with a question of a young man who is a political science student here in – at DePaul University who wants to think about his future by asking you something about his past. He asks: “How has your experience as a Vietnam veteran influenced you not only throughout your life, but particularly your service as Secretary of State?”
SECRETARY KERRY: Well, it’s a great question. Thank you for the question. I did a podcast earlier today with David Axelrod in which we talked a little bit about this. It requires a little bit of biography. But when I – I signed up for the United States military in 1965, not too long after Lyndon Johnson said we need 500,000 troops in Vietnam and the Gulf of Tonkin incident had allegedly happened. And I was, like many, many, many of my classmates, actually, I was surprised when I went back and looked in our reunion book how many classmates served. And I think it was part of our generation’s sense of responsibility – lucky enough to go to great university, mindful of President Kennedy’s call to action that we would bear any price and – pay any price, bear any burden, and recognizing we were in the Cold War and seeing things in a fairly simplistically defined way – East, West, Soviet Union versus the West, bipolar, pretty simple stuff, defend against Communism – and we tended to see most of our challenges within that lens.
Well, by time – the first draft card hadn’t been burned. I think it was first burned in about 1967. And by 1968, when I was training – when I left for Vietnam for a tour of duty in the Gulf of Tonkin in a ship, and then when I went over as skipper of a small gun boat, 1968 was an incredible year, as you all know from history and some of you from living it. Medgar Evers was assassinated, Martin Luther King was assassinated, Robert Kennedy was assassinated. There was tumultuous convention right here in this city. And I was in uniform and watching all of this and listening to the stories of those who were coming back from Vietnam and sharing with us what their experience was.
So when I went over in-country as we called in October, I think it was, of 1968, I saw a very different set of circumstances from those that we had mostly read about or had described to us. And I really found myself – as we did all of us who were there – wrapped up in a civil war with very few options in a sense and a war that, in my judgment, we were simply not going to win the way it was being fought and with the choices and options that we had, and perhaps couldn’t be in the long run depending on how you saw the North-South civil component of it.
So what I learned was, in answer to your question, and what I vowed was as a young man, that if I was ever in a position of responsibility to make a judgment about putting people like me in harm’s way again, I was going to make sure that we understood what we were doing, and I was going to make sure that we had the right lens and the right understanding of what it was. We haven’t done that, obviously, in every case, but I think that the notion – I think – when I testified before Congress and before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 1971, I laid out my reasons for opposition to the war as a veteran. As I was leading a group of veterans and a small group of my friends – we brought about 5,000 veterans to Washington. We camped out on the Mall and we stared down the Supreme Court and the Washington police and the administration, and stayed on the Mall and delivered a message to Congress about the war. And it was a breakthrough moment where people began to really understand what was happening.
I think that the lesson I learned is – are several. Number one, make sure you really ask the right questions, examine all the possibilities, and get an understanding of the place you’re thinking about going so you understand what the dynamics are, what the downside risks are, and what is the what then, what next. Once you’ve succeeded in your immediate goal, how do you manage it as you go forward?
I also learned that not everything is Vietnam, and that’s a very important lesson, folks. Some people get trapped in that place in history, and I thought it was very important not to be trapped, that sometimes we do have to use force. I supported what we did in Kosovo and Serbia. I thought it was critical to save lives. And as you all know, President Clinton greatly regrets the fact that they didn’t respond in Rwanda. There are times when I think we do have a responsibility and we have to do some things that we don’t like to do. But it depends on what the stakes are, and you have to examine them very, very carefully.
So the real – I also learned an indelible lesson, because we were the veterans who first called to attention of the nation the treatment of vets in the VA hospitals, the lack of adequate allowances to go to school, the lack of adequate staffing in the hospitals, the absence of any kind of thank you or homecoming for a group of veterans who fought as hard as any other people in war at any other time, and I learned indelibly that this country should never, ever again confuse the war with the warriors. And I think we have learned that lesson, and it’s a good one. (Applause.)
MR DAALDER: Mr. Secretary, thank you for your service. Thank you for joining us here today. I very much appreciate you coming to Chicago. Particularly on this night, you’ve kept an audience for a long time, and particularly what’s going on right now.
SECRETARY KERRY: Do we have a score?
MR DAALDER: They’re winning, 2-nothing. Thank you. (Applause.)
SECRETARY KERRY: Two-nothing. That’s a good note to end on. Thank you. (Applause.)
John F. Kerry",0
14089,"California Goes One Step Beyond ObamaCare, Proposes Single-Payer Healthcare System to Include Illegal Aliens - Breitbart","California Democrats made a surprise move late Friday to foil President Trump’s promise to repeal ObamaCare —  by introducing a     healthcare system in California. [The Mercury News reported that two California lawmakers Friday introduced legislation to replace private insurance with a   health care system covering all 38 million Californians —  including its undocumented residents.  “We’ve reached this pivotal moment,” Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) told the Mercury News in an interview Friday, “and I thought to myself: `Look, now more than ever is the time to talk about universal health care. ’” The article went on to report that the proposal dubbed the ‘Healthy California Act’ introduced by Lara and former Assembly Speaker, now State Senator Toni Atkins, (  Diego)  —   was submitted just before the deadline for new legislation —  and for such a sweeping proposal, it remarkably short on specifics. Atkins said in a prepared statement obtained by Mercury News, “In light of threats to the Affordable Care Act, it’s important that we are looking at all options to continue to expand and maintain access to health care. The Healthy California Act is an essential part of that conversation. ” After a week that has brought California’s crumbling infrastructure into focus —  as back to back storms threatened the nation’s tallest dam in Oroville, California, and forced Gov. Brown to request Federal Emergency Funds from President Trump —   Brown and Democrat legislators have come under scathing criticism for squandering money on benefits for illegal aliens and public sector unions at the expense of   infrastructure. Only California Democrats would launch a new social program with no specific details or any identifiable funding source in a state that is perpetually broke, and where ObamaCare is unpopular with over 46% of voters —  including a lot of Democrats. Calls for comment by Breitbart News were not returned. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman. Author, Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless, FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
14090,Evil Zionist Jew Warmonger Bill Kristol Calls Alt-Right “Scaredy Cats”,"Evil Zionist Jew Warmonger Bill Kristol Calls Alt-Right “Scaredy Cats” 
Lee Rogers Daily Stormer October 28, 2016 Bill Kristol is an evil Jewish war criminal who should be sentenced to hard labor for the rest of his miserable life. 
Bill Kristol the evil Zionist Jew warmonger has called us Alt-Right Nazis “scaredy cats.” What a disgusting faggot this vermin is. The older conservatism: We’ll proudly fight for our country if need be. The alt-right: We’re scaredy-cats and proud of it. https://t.co/Qo58mfW91n 
â Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) October 28, 2016 
First off, the very fact that Kristol claims to be an American is ridiculous. He is a Jew and is looking out for the interests of Israel and the members of his vile tribe before anyone else. He is not fighting for the interests of White Americans. 
Secondly, how many American wars has this Jew fought in? He certainly didn’t sign up to fight in Vietnam when he was of military age. This Jew would never fight on behalf of America. He’d flee to Israel at the first sign of trouble. 
Kristol was one of the most prominent propagandists on television pushing Americans to support the 2003 Iraq invasion. The entire war was based on lies. Iraq had no WMDs and the war has thrown the entire region into perpetual chaos. Such a situation has only been of benefit to his Jewish friends in Israel. If the Arab world is in chaos, they cannot ever come together to defeat and destroy Israel. This is why a never ending war against terror was declared after the 9/11 attacks. It justifies a continued state of chaos, death and destruction throughout the Arab world to benefit Jews. 
The good news is that almost every response to his tweet is negative and reflects my general commentary. If you’d like to pile on you can tweet him @BillKristol .",0
14091,China Announces It Will Block Imports of North Korea’s Coal,"This morning’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics. com,  Kim   (L) the assassinated   of Kim   (R) (AP) Two events in the last week  —   North Korea’s test of a   ballistic missile and the assassination, possibly by North Korean agents, of Kim   the   of president Kim    —   have infuriated and embarrassed China’s leaders, since they enormously complicate China’s foreign policy. The ballistic missile test is particularly troubling to China’s leadership for several reasons: China’s announcement on Saturday that it would suspend all coal shipments from North Korea was a surprise, but not totally unexpected. On Monday of last week, the day after the ballistic missile test, China prevented a North Korean ship from unloading a shipment of 16, 295 tons coal, worth about US$1 million, at a Chinese port, and ordered that it be returned to North Korea. However, China blamed the rejection not on the ballistic missile test, but instead on a claim that the coal contained    level of mercury. China’s announcement could have significant economic impact on North Korea. In order to import foreign goods, North Korea needs foreign reserves. In order to get foreign reserves, it needs to export goods. About 90% of North Korea’s exports go to China, and most of that is coal. So this announcement will severely limit the foreign goods that North Korea can import. The intent is that by limiting North Korea’s ability to import, the country will be unable to import that equipment required for further development of ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons. It is not clear that this objective is realistic, as Kim   has previously been willing to allow his people to starve rather than to allow his nuclear weapons program to starve. No matter what the intent, Kim will let his people starve and will torture, jail and execute anyone who objects. China implemented a partial ban on coal imports from North Korea last year but left open a loophole that would allow some coal imports if they would benefit the North Korean people. The partial ban turned out to be a joke because North Korean manipulated the loophole and actually increased coal imports to China by  % after the partial ban was announced, which was extremely embarrassing to China. China criticizes other nations for destabilizing the region, even though China continually destabilizes the region by confiscating other countries’ territories and building illegal military bases in the South China Sea, while threatening Japan in the East China Sea. This entire political strategy is being thrown into chaos by the actions of North Korea. China has the ability to bring North Korea to its knees economically, but both China and Kim   are well aware that doing so is a very   strategy. A government coup in Pyongyang, North Korea’s capital city, could bring to power someone that favors peaceful reunification with South Korea  —   something that is quite possible now that three or four generations have grown up since the end of World War II and the Korean War. Or an even worse scenario is that a retaliatory act by Kim   might be directed at either China or South Korea (or Japan or the US) and this could lead to a war on the Korean Peninsula that would draw in the Chinese military and would result in millions of North Korean refugees pouring into China. The point is that China is rapidly running out of choices. Allowing Kim   to continue ballistic missile and nuclear weapons development is extremely dangerous to China, but trying to stop that development with economic sanctions is also extremely dangerous. One can only speculate what China might try next  —   perhaps some sort of military action or commando raid on North Korean military targets. But this is just one more area, like the situations in Taiwan and Hong Kong, where China’s leaders are running out of time and they know it and may become desperate enough to do something stupid. Yonhap News (Seoul) and BBC and Washington Post, Related Articles, Police in Malaysia have arrested four suspects believed to be linked to the assassination on Wednesday Kim   the   of Kim   the president of North Vietnam. A woman tentatively identified as    Doan Thi Huong of Vietnam has been positively identified as the assassin from CCTV footage from Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She allegedly covered Kim  ’s face with a cloth laced with poison, causing his death within minutes. Before being captured, she changed her appearance several times. On Wednesday, she was wearing a white shirt with the large letters “LOL” on the front. A second woman said that they both thought that the whole thing was a prank sponsored by a reality TV show. It has not been proven whether North Korea is responsible for the assassination, and there are other actors that might have wanted him dead.   was a playboy, and one can even imagine that the assassination might have been launched by a former girlfriend. But most people believe that Kim   was killed under orders of his   Kim   North Korea’s child dictator. This is not the first execution of a family member. On New Year’s Day 2014, Kim   announced that he had ordered the execution of his uncle and mentor Jang   calling him “factionalist scum. ” According to unconfirmed reports at the time, Kim had his uncle thrown into a room with several ravenous dogs that hadn’t eaten in several days. So although Kim   wasn’t eaten by ravenous dogs, the execution of Jang   provides a recent precedent for the execution of close family members. Malaysia has always gone out of its way to maintain good relations with China, but the assassination of Kim   in Kuala Lumpur airport, whether ordered by North Korea or not, is causing a rift in relations between the two countries. North Korea demanded the immediate return of the dead body to North Korea. Malaysia responded that the death occurred on Malaysian soil, and a full series of autopsies would be performed first. Furthermore, Malaysia would not return the body to North Korea until a DNA sample from Kim   was provided, in order to complete the autopsy. On Friday, close to midnight, North Korea’s ambassador to Malaysia, Kang Chol, stood in front of the morgue where the body was lying and gave a hysterical rant: We strongly urge and demand the Malaysian side not to be entangled with a political plot by the hostile forces towards the DPRK [North Korea] who want to damage image of our republic. And, to release the body immediately.   …     The Malaysian side forced the   without our permission and witnessing. We will categorically reject the result of the   conducted unilaterally excluding our attendance. They are colluding with the hostile forces towards us who are desperate to harm us of malice. It is not clear who the “hostile forces” are, but they’re assumed to be China or South Korea. On Saturday, Malaysia’s Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr S. Subramaniam responded to the North Korean ambassador: North Korea can reject or show disapproval. But we are doing things according to our law. Something happened in our country. We don’t do it according to their law. If murder or death (occurs) in our country, there is a process we go through. There is no short cut in forensics as far as we are concerned  …     We will release [the autopsy result] once it is ready, and hope to release it within this week. We are currently waiting for the toxicology report, which is an important test to confirm. Once it is done, the results will be given to the police as early as we can and it is up to the police to release it. We want to get correct results before releasing it. It’s very easy to get the feeling that both sides are hiding things, and that there’s a lot more to come out. The assassination of Kim   has also further strained relations between China and North Korea, beyond the amount they were already strained by the   ballistic missile test. Kim   had been exiled from North Korea in 2001 after he was discovered using a phony passport. He’s been living in Macau in China under Chinese protection. On Wednesday, he was at Kuala Lumpur airport preparing to fly back to Macau. If North Korea performed the assassination, it would be a new major humiliation to China. China’s state media Global Times published a story on Wednesday saying that “It is sincerely hoped that [North Korea] will step up and provide answers to a world that right now can only patiently wait. ” That story also criticized North Korea for using assassination at all: Regardless of how intense a country’s political struggle might be, there is no doubt that it should never rely on assassination methods as means for its advancement. Human civilization is now in the 21st century, and such a savage and outdated political device should be cast into the museums of history. This is an interesting point. Assassination is so old, so savage, so outdated, so  . It’s better to use more modern methods. If China doesn’t like someone, they like to use more modern techniques  —   kidnapping, and years of being thrown into a hole and starved, and receiving daily beatings and torture. For China in the 21st century, that’s so much more thoroughly modern and stylish. AFP and The Star (Malaysia) and Global Times (China) Related Articles, KEYS: Generational Dynamics, China, North Korea, Kim   Kim   South Korea, Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, THAAD, Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Doan Thi Huong, Jang   Kang Chol, Datuk Seri Dr S. Subramaniam Macau Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  ",0
14092,This Viral Video Has Hillary Running Scared,"This Viral Video Has Hillary Running Scared The wildest campaign ad you will ever see! Infowars.com - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Share this video on YouTube and Facebook to join the fight and support the Infowar! NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store Featured Videos FEATURED VIDEOS A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . The Most Offensive Halloween EVER! - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
14093,"Hillary Clinton Steps Off Plane & Learns FBI Has Reopened Investigation, Now Watch How She Reacts","0 comments 
Hillary Clinton learned that the FBI had made the decision to reopen its investigation into her private email server while she was aboard a flight bound for Cedar Rapids, Iowa. 
As soon as her plane landed, she was met by a barrage of questions from eager reporters, but she chose not to address any of them, instead rushing off the plane and into a vehicle waiting for her. 
Watch: WATCH: Hillary Clinton does not comment on FBI email review as she deplanes in Cedar Rapids, IA https://t.co/J54RiABFFl pic.twitter.com/DNVnSOtlR1 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) October 28, 2016 
While Clinton ignored the elephant in the room, Twitter certainly did not.",0
14095,Intervention Urged As RTÉ Still Insisting Nathan Carter Is A Thing,"0 Add Comment 
CONCERN has been expressed for the well being of national broadcaster RTÉ as it continues to insist country singer Nathan Carter ‘is a thing’, WWN can reveal. 
Carter, liked by some, but nowhere near enough people to warrant his 439 appearances across RTÉ platforms this week, has been an ever present on Irish screens recently. 
“You want Nathan Carter. You need Nathan Carter,” RTÉ insisted with a crazed look in its eyes, as it was surrounded in a supportive and safe environment by those who care about it the most. 
RTÉ confirmed plans to launch a third channel, RTÉ Nathan Carter, later this year in a misguided attempt to cater for the Carter mad public that only exists as a figment of the national broadcaster’s mind. 
“I don’t know what you’ve been told, but we didn’t ask for this,” a confused and slightly irritated Nation explained to RTÉ as it tried to wriggle free from its restraints, unwilling to engage in the intervention. 
“If we let you go, you have to promise not to commission a ten-part series called Nathan Carter’s Favourite Days of The Week or some shite like that,” the Nation added, still weary of the Carter obsessed broadcaster. 
BREAKING: RTÉ have commissioned a four hour documentary called Nathan Carter’s Wagon Wheel, which will just involve the country singer singing Wagon Wheel for 240 minutes uninterrupted.",0
14096,How To Tie A Real Hangman’s Noose Knot,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by # 1 NWO Hatr Published on Mar 22, 2015 by WhyKnot Make people happy with this fun Halloween prop. Instructions for how to make a hangman’s noose knot in this easy step by step video tutorial. The hangmans noose is a sliding noose knot making an adjustable loop at the end of the rope. It is also known as the collar knot or the hangman’s knot. It is claimed to be traditionally tied with nine or thirteen coils or wraps but the amount of coils can vary depending on the type and thickness or size of rope. It is knot #119 in the Ashley book of knots (ABoK). He claims that eight coils is the correct amount. 
It is actually the same as the uni, Duncan or grinner knot which is used in fishing to tie hooks, swivels, lures and flies. The difference is in the way the knot is tied. 
It is one of the strongest noose knots accounting for an enormous body count. It is most associated with lynching, hanging people from a tree, gallows and hanging executions, by tying the noose around your neck and causing neck injury. Death occurs either by breaking the neck or suffocation. 
Uses: Made with paracord, it can make a knife lanyard or key chain. In jewelery it is used as a pendant on necklaces. It can also be used as a heaving line knot by arborists and in tree climbing to advance the climbing line. The main advantage in that situation being that if the knot becomes stuck in a branch union or crotch a firm pull will unravel the knot and the climbing line can be retrieved. Share this:",0
14097,"Brussels Trying to ’Pressure’ Hungary into Accepting Migrant Quotas, Relaxing Border Controls","The European Union’s unelected executive is trying to “pressure” Hungary into accepting compulsory migrant quotas and relaxing its tough new border control measures, according to the government. [“Hungary is ready for debates, but we are not going to yield an inch as far as the issue of immigration is concerned,” said a statement quoted by The Times.  European Commission   Frans Timmermans has levelled a number of charges at Hungary in recent weeks, principally concerning its resistance to compulsory migrant quotas, automatic detention of asylum seekers, and the planned removal of special privileges from the Central European University founded by billionaire open borders campaigner George Soros. The migrant quotas, imposed despite the opposition of several Central European countries, were overwhelmingly rejected by the Hungarian people in a referendum in 2016. The detention of asylum seekers until their claims are processed is said to be a security measure bogus asylum seekers left at large by the authorities having recently carried out   terror attacks in Berlin and Stockholm. Budapest denies it is trying to shut down the Soros university, with new legislation only intended to ensure it operates on a level playing field with local universities. Responding to   Timmermans, Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó denounced what he described as “pathetic accusations”. In a stunning rebuke to the bureaucrat, Szijjártó declared: “The First   of the European Commission has attacked Hungary in the past two years because, despite the Commission’s and his own personal position, we have been able to give a successful response to illegal immigration. ” Hungary introduced robust and highly effective border controls at breakneck speed after German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s declaration that there was “no limit” on the number of migrants she would accept, which saw millions stream into southern and   EU  . Hungary’s measures slashed migrant numbers entering Hungary via the Serbian route from  200, 000 in 2015 to just 25, 000 in 2016  —   actions for which the Hungarian government is privately thanked, according to Prime Minister Orbán. “[I]f we weren’t protecting Europe’s external borders, the Austrians and the Germans would be in big trouble,” the Fidesz leader told Kossuth Rádió. “[When] Hungary was unable to protect Europe’s external borders   …     millions of migrants marched through Hungary towards Austria and Germany. We put an end to this, and everyone in Austria and Germany is happy about that  —   although political   doesn’t allow them to say so, or write about it,” he revealed.",0
14098,Getting 10 Minutes of Sunlight Per Day Can Stop Depression,"Getting 10 Minutes of Sunlight Per Day Can Stop Depression Vitamin D is one of the most important vitamins your body needs Image Credits: Michael Pollak/Flickr . 
Vitamin D is one of the most important vitamins you can give your body. 
This vitamin can affect nearly 2,000 genes in your body, and the best part of it is that you don’t even need a supplement to get your full recommended amount of vitamin D – you only need to get out in the sun for a few minutes a day. 
Vitamin D is beneficial for staving off depression. Without the required amount of vitamin D in your diet (or the necessary amount of time spent in the sun), you can experience and excessively low mood and other signs of depression. 
And one of the most well-known and important benefits of vitamin D is the effect it has an calcium absorption and building healthy bones. 
This is especially important for children, as the vitamin helps with bone growth as well as developing strong teeth. Those who do not have enough vitamin D may find themselves at risk for fractures or soft bones. 
Thus, vitamin D is not only important for children, but also women who can be susceptible to brittle bones as they age. 
The vitamin may also play a crucial role in helping your body ward off disease. Studies suggest that getting in enough vitamin D can help ward off multiple sclerosis, heart disease and help your body steer clear of the dreaded flu. 
If you don’t get enough vitamin D, you may find yourself feeling tired or experiencing general aches and pains. If the deficiency is severe enough, you may also find yourself developing stress fractures. 
So how do you get enough vitamin D in your diet? 
You can always purchase supplements, most of which contain enough, or in some cases, more than enough of your daily recommended allowance. 
It is also naturally found in salmon, sardines, egg yolk and shrimp. Milk, cereal, yogurt and orange juice are often fortified with vitamin D to ensure that you get the recommended amount. 
For those who live in a sunny climate, spending 10 minutes outside per day can actually give you the required amount of vitamin D. Although it is not advisable to spend too long outside without protection from the sun in the form of sun block or extra layers of clothing, it is recommended that you do get outside for at least a small part of the day to soak up those rays. 
You can, however, get all of the benefits of vitamin D in your diet or by taking supplements during the winter months when the sun takes a rest, or if you happen to live in a colder climate. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
14099,LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I,"Trump’s grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK ‹ › Bio by Jack Heart : My earliest memories were of being surrounded by machinery and a constant deep mechanical humming rose and fell like the breath of fitful sleep. Maybe it was the ""mother ship"" or the ""Montauk underground"" like Preston Nichols author of the The Montauk Projects would later claim but I am inclined to believe it was the post natal care room at Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn where I was born to a well to do family. I grew up in Brooklyn. My father had a Fur business on Twenty-Seventh Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan. The city bought him and his partners out when they built the Fashion Institute of Technology. From grades one to five I attended the finest Catholic school in NYC. Before I was 12 my family moved to Amity Harbor Long Island and from there the volume on the strangeness was turned up full blast. My teenage years were spent working on fishing boats at Montauk Point where my father had been stationed at Camp Hero for the Korean War. Back home in Amityville we would wile away the night doing performance art for tourists milling around outside my best friend’s home gawking at the Amityville Horror House, some of you may have already met me I was one of the guys throwing beer bottles at you. Butchy to this day doesn’t know who was up in that room with him that night, nobody does but I can take a real good guess. By the time I was eighteen I realized that globalism had made the seas off Long Island barren and I would have to find a new way in life to make a living. I had always wanted to be a fisherman but I opened a landscaping business with my mother who was the top woman designer in her field. Our clients included many celebrities and denizens of Long islands gold coast. Back then it seemed life would always be good. I remember one day while dragging trees out some stock broker’s yard he pulled up his long driveway in his convertible sports car. I looked at his decaying body not much older than mine. Then I looked down at mine. Salty sweat encased sinewy bronze muscles pumped full of blood from the days exertion. I decided I was just where I wanted to be. He would make his 500$ for the day and he had to give it to me because there was no way he was dragging that tree down his long driveway. Little did I know that he and his tribal brethren had a plan. Over the next twenty years they would flood America with illegal “immigrants” to do my job for a hundred dollars a day. Things are not so good anymore even with an associate’s degree in architectural engineering I’ll never make 500$ a day again. He makes more because now the government that sold me out, not once but three times subsidizes his job. I wonder how many of his tribe are buried in veterans memorial cemetery’s. Practically every male member of my family is. I ended up on the wrong side of the law when I was 27 years old through no fault of my own. I was helping Geraldo Rivera film what I now realize must have been Ollie North's little cocaine contra excursion into NY. It was never aired. He quit his job but I was beaten and tortured by the police then branded as a felon for the rest of my life. In 1987 I was asked to remove the Pagans motorcycle gang from their clubhouse a strip club named Bogart’s. The person that asked me was Richard Capri who died abruptly a few years back. He owned Bogart's and a lot of other strip clubs on Long Island. He was a prominent figure in New York's underworld. Financially he dwarfed people like Gotti and the rest of the menagerie of mutts paraded on TV as “mob bosses.” It was during that period that I realized I was a member of a very elite unit. Some would call us soldiers of God others the army of Satan. You read what I write and you decide. LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I By Jack Heart on October 28, 2016 LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I By Jack Heart, Orage & Friends 
Every story has a beginning and an end, everything in between is just a story… 
The oldest stories known come from the Aborigine people of Australia. Their stories go back at least thirty thousand years. They are passed on orally by the tribe’s elders under a rigid tradition called “the law” which ensures the preservation of the Aborigines ancient tribal narratives. Linguistic scholars who have studied them have noted the Aborigines ability to sustain “the inter-generational scaffolding needed to transmit stories over vast periods.” 1 
Aborigine tribal lore has been academically documented to chronicle the thawing of the Ice Age and the flooding of the Australian coastline thirteen-thousand years ago.2 According The Wisdom Keepers an episode of Ancient Aliens, the television show purporting to document alien intervention in human history, Aborigine lore also recounts meteorite impacts, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes and solar eclipses…3 
What is certain is that aborigine culture ignores the brutal realities of its own existence and focuses on what is now called the dreamtime. The word dreamtime itself is a mistranslation of the Aborigine word alcheringa, which means the uncreated source; a source which was always there, which perpetually yields fresh materials from which everything that is perceived is derived. 
To the aborigine the dreamtime is an altered state of consciousness that lies across the uncharted chasms of the mind, a place where everything that ever was has been imprinted forever in the aether. Nothing that was, nothing that is, can be lost and it can always be accessed by going back to the beginning through ceremonies and dreams. 
According to Ancient Aliens; “in many ways the concept of dreamtime mirrors the ancient Hindu idea of the Akashic records.” 4 This may not be true… 
The idea of Akashic records go back no further than Madam Blavatsky and Theosophy, a system of mysticism which she founded. Akasha simply means aether in Sanskrit. 
The expansion of the microcosm into the macrocosm and contraction back of the macrocosm into the microcosm is a doctrine of just about every reputable school of mysticism. “As it is above is so it is below” to the Hermitic. “And the living creatures rush forth and return” as it is written in verse 537 of the Zohar: Concerning the Eyes of Microprosopus… 
If Blavatsky and her followers got the idea from anywhere other than a library that there was an astral hall of cosmic records it was from Tibetan lamas schooled in the all but forgotten ways of the ancient Bon religion. Bon was the mysterious religion of Tibet before Buddhism, a primal type of animism that believes all things animate and inanimate are sourced from an invisible world. 
Ancient Aliens is a show that is often painful to watch yet is a necessity for any serious student of human history. The show has by far its finest moment in its decade long existence when it proposes that the Aborigines concept of the dreamtime matches a leading edge property of String Theory called the “Holographic paradigm.”5 
There are tears in the fabric of Mans reality that upon scrutiny open to abysses of darkness. Quantum entanglement as been proven over and over again in laboratories whose annual budget would bankrupt a small country. Einstein was wrong and his precious “particles” do react with each other by some mechanism that travels faster than light. Anyone who’s ever had a premonition should have known that… 
In the Holographic universe, quantum entanglement the enigma of superluminal interaction between particles –what a baffled Einstein called “spooky action at a distance,” petulantly denying its existence in the face of all the evidence (even then) 6 – is easily explained. What are being observed in particle physics are not particles at all, but different aspects of interference patterns generated by the collision of spherical frequency waves emanating from an Event Horizon. 
The Holographic paradigm postulates, in fact takes it as a given, that at the threshold of the time-space continuum, what physicists call the cosmological horizon, lay the source of everything that is, ever was, or will be. The information that composes the universe is never lost or changed. It’s immutable and is broadcast in oscillating signals, generating a chaotic sea of fluctuating frequencies that are picked up by mans senses and translated by the mind into the three dimensional world in which he finds himself. 
In short; consciousness takes place inside a frequency receiver and “reality” is a television show… 
The empirical evidence is overwhelming that the human brain works in the exact same manner as a hologram. This is called the Holonomic brain theory by neuroscientists. Many just cannot accept its implications. But its founder Karl Pribram, who held professorships for ten years at Yale and thirty at Stanford, was the Albert Einstein of neuroscience… 
Pribram died in the beginning of 2015 at the age of ninety-five after a long and distinguished career working side by side with such giants in science as BF Skinner, Jon von Neumann and David Bohm; arguably the most brilliant physicist that the Anglo-American empire produced during the twentieth century. 
Bohm collaborated closely with Pribram in the formulation of the Holonomic brain theory, but his earlier radical communist political affiliations would have barred him from the inner sanctums of the Stanford Research Institute. 
There at Menlo Park, in the womb of madness, Pribram would have had access to at least some of the classified material of Harold Puthoff and Russell Targ. Throughout the seventies Puthoff and Targ were weaponizing the paranormal for Americas Department of Defense. They were working in the outer limits of quantum entanglement. In fact, Pribram admits to consulting with both Puthoff and Targ about it before beginning his collaboration with Bohm…7 
In the same interview, from years ago, Pribram explains that “when an input comes in through one of the senses to the brain, it has to then become encoded in some way so that there is a representation.”8 Pribram calls these representations memory traces and says they have no localized point of origin in the brain. 
“If you hack away at the brain” in surgery “you would expect that whatever representational process there is and –call it a memory trace if you will– that it would really be impaired tremendously, that you would remove a memory,” like cutting off a piece of a picture. “It doesn’t work that way.” 
Pribram –a highly skilled neurosurgeon– noted among other things for his experimental work at the Yerkes Primate Center, of which he became director, recounts that “when lesions occur in the brain there is never any particular memory trace that is removed.” Recalling from over a half century of experience he continues “you may remove something, like the way to retrieve, to get back out the memory. For instance; you might not be able to talk about it but you can still write a note and say what it is you mean.”9 
But the overall method by which these memories are spread throughout the brain, enabling them to avoid damage from injury, has always been a mystery. 
Pribram explains that it was discovered in the late fifties that the input from the retina is organized in spots, then focused into lines in the cerebral cortex suggesting that the cerebral cortex is filled with cells that act as line detectors. These cells are sensitive to lines at multiple orientations and once you have lines you can create “circles, faces, stick figures, whatever” to formulate images.10 
The idea that the cerebral cortex was interpreting interference patterns can be traced back to Germany in 1906.11 Decades later, John Lashley, Pribram’s mentor at the Yerkes Primate Center, reached the same conclusion. 
Interference patterns can be seen in the water if you cast two stones in a pool. When the series of concentric waves generated by each of the stones clash the resulting confused ripples or wavelets are interference patterns. 
In the interview Pribram asks “what might constitute those interference patterns in the brain” and “given interference patterns, how do you get an image out of that?”12 He then answers his own questions saying both problems were solved when people started building holograms at the University of Michigan and at Stanford (around 1962). He qualifies that by saying “because a hologram is a photographic store of ripples, of interference patterns. Instead of pebbles on a pond, what you have is light beams hitting the film.” 13The light then spreads in ripples over the surface of the film. 
Pribram continues “Every light beam that hits does that and the neighboring ones do it and the neighboring ones and so you got every light beam, every part of a beam essentially spread over the entire surface. That’s why mathematically it’s called a spread function.”14 
In a hologram that spread function is translated into images and with every passing year in neuroscience it becomes more and more apparent, Pribram uses the word “overwhelmingly,”15 that the brain functions in the same manner. 
Pribram goes on to say that “over the last thirty years or so more and more evidence has accumulated to suggest strongly that the cerebral cortex acts as a resonator. It resonates to the frequencies of energies that are being transduced by the receptors; it’s the frequencies of energies.” He emphasizes that this is not an epiphany. German scientists were talking about it in 1906…16 
Holography works by using interference patterns to encode information about a three dimensional object into what is, for all intents and purposes, a two dimensional light beam. The interference patterns can then be translated back into a three dimensional object. A tremendous amount of information can be stored and transferred this way. 
Another profoundly functional feature of the hologram and analogous to the non-locality of memory in the human brain, is that all information is stored throughout the entire hologram. As long as a part of the hologram is big enough to contain the interference pattern, it can recreate the entire image stored in the hologram. 
Holographic technology is based on the Fourier transform, a type of integral transfer sometimes called an improper Riemann integral. The Fourier transform itself is a mathematical function originally used in the nineteenth century to show the transfer of heat between two systems. Fourier transforms are the foundation of Spectral Analysis in the late twentieth and early twenty-first century. 
In a Fourier transform two graphs are created; one showing the frequency domain and the other the time domain. The differential is then mapped between the two domains and through various permutations of the equations a spread sheet is achieved of all the individual frequencies that constitute a function of time, what is defined as a signal… 
Often it is easier to solve a problem in the time domain by working on it in the frequency domain. Afterwards transformation of the result can be made back to the time domain by reversing the equation, what is called an inverse Fourier transform. The entire signal can be filtered simply by changing the frequencies in the frequency domain… 
A Fourier transform can, theoretically, be used to send a function of the three dimensional continuum into a moving four dimensional mass or vice a versa… 
The father of the Holograph is 1971 Nobel Prize recipient Dennis Gabor, who right after WW II produced the math –called windowed Fourier transforms– necessary to make one. Gabor served in a Hungarian artillery unit during WW I and in the twenties was instrumental in the development of the electron microscope in Berlin. When the National Socialists came to power in 1933 Gabor, a Hungarian Jew that had converted to Lutherism, fled Germany to England. 
By the time Gabor worked with them, Fourier transforms had been infused with the genius of Bernhard Riemann, the nineteenth century German mathematician who broke the back of Euclidian geometry for good, making quantum physics and relativity possible. Erwin Schrödinger, the twentieth century Austrian physicist whose wave equation would become one of the two pillars of quantum physics and the foundation of wave mechanics. 
David Hilbert, the German mathematician who taught most of the others and after whom Hilbert’s Space is named, and Werner Heisenberg the discoverer of Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle, the other pillar of quantum physics… 
Gabor would have at least had access if not worked directly with the legendary Jon von Neumann, Hilbert’s best pupil. Gabor and von Neumann were both Jews, native Hungarians and born to money, although von Neumann’s education under Hilbert had been paid for by the Rockefeller Foundation. Von Neumann was in fact titled nobility, besides being the man who named Hilbert’s Space in Hilbert’s honor. 
Von Neumann was perhaps the most brilliant mathematician who ever lived. He would leave Berlin upon concluding his tutelage under Hilbert and be in Princeton by the end of 1929… 
At Princeton, von Neumann delighted in playing Prussian marching music so loud on his gramophone that Einstein, who was in an adjoining office, would have to ask the authorities to intervene. In vain, there was nothing Einstein or anyone else could do about it. Von Neumann wrote the textbook for Quantum mechanics; Mathematische Grundlagen der Quantenmechanik, or in English Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics. 
His mathematical contributions to civilization could fill a library, but his real achievements remain classified till this day. It is said that when von Neumann was dying of cancer, while under sedation he was surrounded by a Special Forces guard to insure he didn’t blurt out any of the empires secrets. 
Von Neumann would tell anyone who would listen, delighted in it, that he had mathematically proven Einstein wrong. Most academics, although they could not understand his math, believed him and still do… Although they are now fonder of the experimental results of John Stewart Bell for their Einstein bashing…17 
Einstein had always insisted that there were hidden variables that when discovered would reconcile quantum physics, which is indeterminate, and relativity, which is determinate. In Einstein’s vision of the future there would be just one unified field of physical phenomena and that would be determinant. 
In physics, determinant means events transpire as a result of a mechanistic necessity and are therefore predictable. They follow laws. All physical phenomena should follow rules. 
But they don’t. In Quantum physics, quantum entanglement is not the only enigma. There is the double slit experiment where an individual particle is fired through a slit and another through a different slit at a screen. What shows up on the screen is a wave interference pattern which could have only been made by waves passing through the slit… 
There is the wave function collapse and quantum randomness in general. If the observer calculates the position of a “sub-atomic particle” in space they cannot calculate its momentum because the very act of locating it influences its trajectory. If they find its momentum, the act of their doing so prevents them from finding its position. That’s the short definition of Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle. 
It’s all about predicting probabilities in a matrix, nothing is certain and the observer is part of the equation, anathema to ‘good science…’ 
Erwin Schrödinger, who won the Nobel Prize in 1933 for providing the equation that makes it all work, was more than just a scientist. A philosopher and poet at heart, he was a lifelong student of the Vedas and believed individual consciousness was a manifestation of the universal whole. 
Back then, Schrödinger described the prevailing interpretation of quantum physics, now called the Copenhagen interpretation, as making no distinction “between the state of a natural object and what I know about it, or perhaps better, what I can know about it if I go to some trouble. Actually — so they say — there is intrinsically only awareness, observation, measurement.”18 
The Copenhagen interpretation is the prevailing school of thought in quantum physics to this very day. As George Berkeley, the father of Immaterialism and therefore the Copenhagen interpretation, said three hundred years ago; nothing can exist if there is nothing to see it, “esse est percipi,” to be is to be perceived. 
After serving as an apprentice to the mysterious German scientist; Max Wien, heir of Friedrich Paschen’s late nineteenth century experimental research on hydrogen spectral lines in the infrared region, Schrödinger would begin publishing papers about atomic theory and the theory of spectra in the early twenties… 
He would publish his famous equation in 1926. In the twenty-first century, it’s still the tool mathematicians use to describe a wave function. In the Copenhagen interpretation the wave function is the most complete description that can be given to a physical system. 
In Quantum mechanics the Schrödinger equation predicts probability distributions from which results are drawn. A probability distribution is a mathematical description of a random phenomenon. There are no exact results and at the time Schrödinger is quoted as saying “I don’t like it, and I’m sorry I ever had anything to do with it.”19 
Einstein was livid. Not only was special relativity no longer feasible but perhaps relativity itself. As every school child knows he said “God does not play dice with the universe!” 
Schrödinger worked closely with Einstein in the ensuing years, attempting to formulate a unified field theory and reconcile the whole mess into one determinant science, but by the end of the forties he had abandoned those efforts. In a 1952 lecture, he made the first documentable reference to what has become known as the multiverse, prefacing it by saying that what he was about to say might “seem lunatic.” 20 
Schrödinger went on to tell his perplexed audience that when his equations seem to be describing several different histories they are “not alternatives but all really happen simultaneously…”21 
Famously, in 1956 Schrödinger would refuse to speak about nuclear energy at an important lecture during the World Energy Conference, giving a philosophical lecture instead because he had become skeptical about the entire subject. He would cause a great deal of controversy in the physics community after that, abandoning the idea of particles altogether and adopting the wave-only theory also put forth by Hugh Everett III in his many-worlds interpretation of the multiverse. 
In the many-worlds interpretation, the wave in the quantum state is the only thing that is real and under the appropriate conditions it will exhibit particle-like behavior. In Everett’s multiverse, everything that ever could have happened in the past did and every possibility spawns its own universe where that possibility did and does occur. 
After Jon von Neumann died prematurely of cancer in 1957 Hugh Everett III would become the Anglo-American empires go-to guy on Quantum physics… 
Pilot Waves were first proposed by Einstein in an effort to explain the wave interference patterns produced by particles in cases like the double slit experiment. He had hoped that they could be explained deterministically if the particle were somehow guided by an electromagnetic field; “which would thus play the role of what he called a Führungsfeld or guiding field.”22 
The idea of a pilot wave was picked up and made mathematically feasible by Louis de Broglie in 1927, but with little support from a physics community now enamored by Heisenberg and the Copenhagen interpretation it died a slow death from neglect. 
De Broglie’s math was resurrected by David Bohm in 1952 and renamed Bohmian mechanics. Heisenberg, who had been “profoundly unsympathetic”23 to the idea from its inception in the twenties wrote in 1955 that it was nothing more than an “exact repetition” of the Copenhagen interpretation “in a different language…”24 
Regardless of the value of “Bohmian mechanics” the rest of what David Bohm had to say about the holographic universe may be a summation of everything that was really learned by man in the twentieth century (outside of course all those in this account who had an above top secret clearance…). 
Bohm said there were two worlds. The primary one he called the Implicate Order or the enfolded order. He said the enfolded order was “the ground out of which reality emerges.”25The other world, “reality,” the world of the human senses, the world where consciousness dwells, he called the Explicate Order or the unfolded order. 
“What we take for reality, Bohm argues, are surface phenomena, explicate forms that have temporarily unfolded out of an underlying implicate order. Within this deeper order forms are enfolded within each other so systems which may well be separated in the Explicate Order are contained within each other in the Implicate Order.”26 
Superficially it would appear the two worlds are “dual forms related by an integral transfer” but the reality is the unfolded order cannot exist independent of the enfolded order.27 
Bohm, always a pariah to the powers that be because of his politics sometimes had his work classified before he could even finish it. In the Manhattan project he was barred access to Los Alamos and was not allowed to write the thesis for his own scattering equations. 
Einstein had always been his mentor, shielding him and preventing his ostracism from academia and Bohm had always worked closely with him in Einstein’s quest to save physics as he knew it. But by the end of the war Bohm had come to the conclusion that quantum mechanics would never become a deterministic science. He stopped looking for deterministic mechanisms as the cause of quantum phenomena and set out to show that the events could be attributed to a far deeper underlying reality. 
Bohm’s idea of an Implicate and Explicate order mirror the conclusions reached by Mircea Eliade, the world’s foremost theological scholar of the WW II era… Eliade said there are only the Sacred and the Profane. The Sacred is the place of mythology, where the gods and archetypes dwell together with all the things that establish the very structure of this world. The Sacred is the First Cause of the Gnostics, the alcheringa of the Aborigine and the Implicate Order of Bohmian mechanics. 
The Profane is the material things of this world, the things that have nothing to do with the Sacred. They are basically just like the set in an old black and white movie story… Eliade said they “acquire their reality, their identity, only to the extent of their participation in a transcendent reality.”28 In other words, it is only through its participation in the Sacred that the Profane finds validation. 
Through his myths, his ceremonies and his rituals, even in his behavior and dreams, man manifests the Sacred into the Profane. It is Man himself that breaths reality into the fleeting and phantasmagorical world of the Profane… 
Eliade said that in order to uphold the world of the Profane, the Scared must be manifested into it, over and over again. He called these incarnations, these places where the Sacred intersects with the Profane, the Eternal Return (not to be confused with Nietzsche’s Eternal Return, just as important but more to do with the cycle of the Yuga’s and the Mandela). Eliade called these manifestations of the Sacred into the Profane hierophanies. 
Eliade maintained that all Shamanic practices in cultures uncluttered by the poisons of twentieth century rationalism, indeed the foundation of all Paleolithic spiritual practices, was an attempt to produce these hierophanies. 
No one was, nor ever will be, more influential than Mircea Eliade, not even the vaunted Joseph Campbell. But present day academia with its penchant for semantics and cutting the whole up into smaller and smaller pieces till there is nothing left to see at all (both Pribram29 and Bohm30 warned the world about this), still rails against him. They say Eliade painted all cultures with too broad a brush stroke and seem to feel that their exceptions are more important than his whole, the same mistake Einstein made… But even Eliade’s staunchest critic; Geoffrey Kirk, Regius Professor of Greek at the University of Cambridge from 1974 to 1984 and prolific author himself, concedes that what Eliade said about the Eternal Return fit the culture of Australia’s aborigines like Cinderella’s slipper… 
There has always been something dark and foreboding about Australia. Master of horror H P Lovecraft wrote about it in The Shadow out of Time. There is something menacing, something unspoken and threatening, a nameless fear of the stark and unforgiving land and an instinctual loathing of its native aborigine inhabitants that runs like an unseen current through the hard White men who dispossessed them. 
In 1770 a British exploratory expedition led by James Cook would land in Botany Bay where the great city of Sidney now stands. They began shooting the natives immediately and the fighting would continue for over a hundred and fifty years. It finally subsided after the Coniston massacre in 1928 in the Northern Territory, which left over a hundred Aborigine dead. 
Overall the fighting left thousands of Whites dead and hundreds of thousands of Aborigines. There were no pitched battles; the fighting was at close quarters, often hand to hand before repeating rifles were invented and savagely brutal, more like gang fights than military engagements. Atrocities were committed by both sides and in the interest of political correctness a well documented history of cannibalism among the Aborigine has been kept suppressed by the authorities.31 
The Aborigine bore no animosity towards Whites because of their skin color. Eating the dead was strictly business in a land where distances are endless and the sun relentless. As settlers claimed the rights to all Australia’s fertile land the Stone Age hunting and gathering lifestyle of the Aborigine provided less and less sustenance. Resentment, and hunger, became inevitable. 
But a journal from as late as 1849 explains how the Aborigine viewed Whites as their “ancestors who have returned to them again.”32 The archived diary describes how the Aborigine, before eating each other, would “scorch off the entire outer skin or epidermis which reveals the ‘true skin’ which in all branches of the human race is quite white.”33 
“Their impression being that when they die ‘The black fellow England walk and by and by jump up white fellow.’”34 Australia is rivaled for geological anomalies only by its nearest neighbor Papua New Guinea. Both have stood in isolation for what academia says is sixty thousand years. Only their indigenous tribes, more like ghosts than men, can testify as to what cataclysmic events they may have witnessed. 
In the Kimberley region of Western Australia four thousand year old cave paintings depict fantastic beings from the dreamtime called Wandgina. Local Aborigine believe the actions of the Wandgina in the dreamtime manifest themselves as features in the landscape of Australia’s Great Western Desert. They believe these beings control the wind, the rain and the lighting… The Wandgina 
Rising like a specter out of the center of the Australian continent and on an otherwise almost unbroken horizon is Uluru or Ayers Rock, an isolated hill that appears like a single great stone has been imbedded into the earth. Uluru, a Mecca for tourists, is famous for its glowing red appearance at dusk and dawn and is sacred to the Aborigine. 
At two miles long, over a mile wide and eleven hundred feet high Uluru is by far Australia’s best known geological anomaly. But just as striking is Kata Tjuta, fifteen and a half miles to the west and Mount Conner, slightly to the south and forty-five miles east of Uluru. 
Kata Tjuta or the Olga’s consists of thirty six domes covering a little less than eight and half square miles, the tallest being Mount Olga at over seventeen hundred feet high. Mount Conner covers eight and half square miles and rises nine hundred and eighty-four feet at its highest point. All of them are conglomerates of granite-like stone and gravel cemented by a matrix of sandstone, about 50% feldspar, 25–35% quartz and up to 25% rock fragments. 
Explanations abound for how the island mountains, called inselbergs by academics, got to be in the western desert. They range from the electric universe theory which postulates that they are the result of an immense electrical discharge, to creationism which of course believes they were scoured out by the deluge, all the way to academia’s old standby of a greased pig, erosion… 
Local Aborigines believe most of the south face of Uluru is the result of a war fought in the dreamtime between the carpet-snakes (Kunyia) and the venomous-snakes (Liru). The northwestern corner of Uluru and most of its north face were formed as a result of the activities of the hare-wallaby’s (Mala) and the comings and goings of other dreamtime entity’s fill in the rest of Uluru’s geological features. 
To the Aborigine it is the dreamtime that generates this world and with it the landscape… 
Black Mountain National Park is located at the northern end of Queensland, a little over five miles from the Coral Sea. “The park” is just a restricted three square mile area around a pile of dark colored granite boulders, some the size of houses. The pile reaches almost a thousand feet in height. Academics have explanations for this striking geological anomaly but to the untrained and perhaps the more objective eye the boulders appear to have been placed there by unknown methods for unknown reasons. 
Black Mountain has a sinister reputation among Whites as well as the Aborigine. The Aborigine call it Kalkajaka or place of the spear and avoid it. People disappear around Kalkajaka and the people who go looking for them disappear too. 
Some believe the missing have simply been lost forever in the labyrinthine passages between the boulders. Others claim the missing were eaten or enslaved by reptilian aliens that, among other things, have been sighted around the rocks. They believe reptilian aliens have a secret base under Black Mountain where UFO sightings are a regular occurrence. 
UFO’s have been receiving a lot of attention lately in Australia. An Australian himself, Duncan Roads –editor of Nexus Magazine for over a quarter century and the most respected name in the alternative media– recounts “Australia is certainly a hot spot of UFO sightings. We’ve had a phenomenal growth in the reporting of UFO sightings by the general public especially since the advent of the internet.”35 
Roads points to the area around the Blue Mountains in Australia’s New South Wales “as a hotspot of UFO sightings and other mysteries. There is certainly a lot of mystery in the Blue Mountains. Campers, bushwalkers, explorers all have got tails of mystery, disappearing people, strange tunnels, strange noises and strange creature sightings…”36 
According to Aboriginal tribal elder Kevin Gavi Duncan “the Blue Mountains is a very sacred area, sacred place, especially the highest places, because we would be closer to Baiame, closer to god.”37 
The human disappearances in the Blue Mountains seem to be focused around Mount Yengo. Called the Uluru of the east, the flat top of Mt. Yengo rises about a thousand feet above a plateau and is believed by academics to be all that remains of an ancient volcano. Perhaps because of its prominent flat top, Aborigine tribes believe that after he was done with the act of creating this world their creator god Baiame leapt back up into the spirit world from Mt. Yengo. 
Roads continues “UFO sightings of the Blue Mountains have triggered many magazine articles, radio shows and books. A lot of people have come forward over the last few decades to document and put onto the record their own experiences.”38 Rex Gilroy, author of Mysterious Australia, has unearthed accounts of UFO sightings in the Blue Mountains by nineteenth century pioneers…39 
Ancient Aliens straight man David Hatcher Childress theorizes that the Blue Mountains are a “stargate, some portal to another dimension and jumping to hyperspace perhaps…”40 Childress speculates “For some reason Australia was the place where they put this hyperspace portal used by extra terrestrials.”41 
Duncan continues “there are stories that elders would say, that some people have actually travelled back to the Morning Star and have come back again.”42 Earlier, standing in front of an ancient rock carving depicting Baiame about forty miles southeast of Mt. Yengo, Duncan explained “Baiame came from a place that we call the Morning Star within the Mirrabooka. Mira means stars and booka means river. That is the Milky Way that flows across the North Star. ”43 Baiame, Bulgandry Aboriginal Engraving site, Brisbane Water National Park, New South Wales, Australia 
Duncan then gives his interpretation of the petroglyph. Baiame “holds the Moon in one hand and the Morning Star in the other. Which is a bit like what we call planet earth and these are the two moons which exist around the Morning Star in the Mirrabooka.”44 
What the petroglyph shows is Baiame with his arms outstretched and a giant knife horizontal across his naval. The hilt is under his left arm. He is holding a circle in his right hand and a crescent in his left. Below the crescent is another circle suspended in mid air and slightly smaller than the one he holds in his right hand. To the right of the free floating circle, perfectly horizontal to it, is a much smaller almost tiny circle. Slightly to the right of the tiny circle and above it is another tiny circle.45 
If the two tiny circles are rotated about two hundred and eighty degrees clockwise or ninety degrees counter clockwise so that the tiny circle that was furthest from Baiame is now in the hilt of the knife you would have close to an image of what, left to right, is in the middle of Australia. Mount Conner would be the large circle, now furthest right. 
The Three Sisters rock formation is about fifty miles to the Southwest of Mt. Yengo. The three craggy pillars of sandstone tower above the lush Jamison Valley. No doubt conjuring memories in Australia’s early Anglo-Saxon settlers of the three Wyrd Sisters crouched at their cauldron casting spells on both gods and men in Shakespeare’s Macbeth. 
Wyrd is an old Anglo-Saxon word meaning destiny, to come to pass, to become. By the fifteenth century it had come to mean having the power to control fate. In sixteenth century Scotland and northern England wyrd implied that an event was miraculous. It wasn’t till the early nineteenth century that weird came to mean something was odd. The Proto-Indo-European root is wert meaning to turn or to rotate… 
In the 1965 epic science fiction novel Dune by Frank Herbert the Wyrding Way is an overwhelming close quarter fighting technique used by the story’s messianic hero and his rebel armies with devastating effectiveness. In hand to hand combat its adepts are able to maneuver around and strike their opponents at speeds that resemble teleportation to the observer and words and sounds can be amplified to become lethal weapons. 
Mastery of the Wyrding Way required the adoption of a completely different concept of what the space-time continuum is and what its cause and effect are. The essence of the Wyrding Way is summed up in both the motto and the mantra of its practitioners “my mind affects my reality.” 
Wyrd is a notion taken from the pre-Christian religion of the Norseman. In Old Norse the word is Urðr. It is also the name of the mother of the Norns, female beings who rule over the destiny of gods and men. There are many Norns, good and evil, who appear at a person’s side at their birth and decide upon their future. 
Urðr (fate), Verðandi (present) and Skuld (karmic debt) are the most powerful of the Norns and said to have come to intervene in a time long past when the gods ruled too haughtily over men. The three beautiful maidens pour the purifying waters of the Urðarbrunnr (Well of Urðr) over the Yggdrasil (Tree of Life) to keep it eternally rejuvenated. 
The Urðarbrunnr is said to be one of three wells, one under each of the three roots of the Yggdrasil. Each root reaches to a different far off land. The other two wells are Hvergelmir (bubbling boiling spring), located beneath a root in Niflheim (Abode of Mist), and Mímisbrunnr (Mímir’s well), located beneath a root near the home of the frost jötnar (Giant). It was said that Odin gave one of his eyes to drink from the Mímisbrunnr, the well of wisdom and understanding. 
Aside from Tasmania and parts of New Zealand Australia’s Blue Mountains is the last real stop in the Pacific Ocean before the Antarctic. The Blue Mts. are about as far away as you can get from the land of the Norsemen on the Baltic Sea. But as Caroline Cory author of The Visible and Invisible Worlds of God notes “there are several umbilical cords on the planet. This particular location is located exactly at negative thirty-three latitude.”46 
Cory then recites the standard alien enthusiast dogma about the thirty-three degree latitude of planet earth aligning with the center of the galaxy and how it is “continuously being visited from different parts of the planetary system from different parts of the galaxy and even from beyond this galaxy, from way out in the universe.”47 
Most amateur UFO enthusiasts have never heard of Bruce Cathie and his book; Harmonic 33, published way back in 1968. But most professional researchers are well acquainted with the book and many new age authors use Cathie’s math to validate their Tinkerbellian speculations. 
“Even while you read this interplanetary space ships are rebuilding a world grid system from which it appears they can draw motive power and they are possibly using the grid for navigational purposes.” 48 
This is the cover sentence in Harmonic 33. There are rumors that the original book was immediately pulled from bookstore shelves, edited, then rereleased with Cathie put under wraps and assigned a handler, never to produce anything again of any consequence for the general public, though he would write a few more books. 
Cathie, a New Zealand airline pilot, saw his first UFO in 1952. He would be fascinated till he died in 2013. He began collecting data and collating it with sightings by other pilots over New Zealand. Using techniques borrowed from French UFO researcher Aimé Michel he was able to establish two track lines where aerial anomalies were being regularly encountered. From there he “was able to form a complete grid network over the whole of the New Zealand…”49 
Cathie learned that the American survey ship Eltanin had taken some of the strangest photographs of the twentieth century off the west coast of South America. There, thirteen thousand feet beneath the waves mounted on the pacific sea bed was an “aerial-like object” that was “two-to-three-feet high and had six main crossbars spaced evenly up its stem with a smaller one at the top. Each set of crossbars had a small ball at the end of each arm.”50 
Later one of the scientists who had been on board the Eltanin told Cathie the object was thought to be metallic and an artifact of some kind. Cathie was able to align his New Zealand grid with the coordinates of the artifact fashioning what he reasoned was a world energy grid and perhaps used as a galactic navigational tool by extra-terrestrials. 
Interestingly enough, in light of Erwin Schrödinger’s actions at the World Energy Conference in 1956, Cathie did not believe nuclear weapons could be detonated randomly but would have to be at exactly the right coordinates at exactly the right time to work. Using his world energy grid he started publically predicting the exact times and places of test sites before they got him muzzled… 
In Cathie’s own words “It was only a matter of time before I realized that the energy network formed by the grid was already known to a powerful group of international interests and scientists. It became obvious that the system had many military applications, and that political advantage could be gained by those with secret knowledge of this nature. It would be possible for a comparatively small group, with this knowledge, to take over control of the world.” 51 
Cathie concluded that the “whole of physical reality was in fact manifested by a complex pattern of interlocking wave-forms.”52 
Aliens are a very grey area, as is reality itself. What the Explicate Order translates out of the Implicate Order, what the Sacred manifests in the Profane, they are like points in a wave that show up as a particle. Just as surely they are guided only by Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle… 
Something is going on in the Blue Mountains, always has been. It’s been categorized by twenty-first century academia as paranormal but it’s something Australia’s aboriginal people are well acquainted with. 
Duncan Roads is the man who introduced Bruce Cathie to the general public. He knows words like von Neumann knew numbers. He says “the Australian aborigines have a connection and a relationship with what we call extra terrestrials and UFO’s which goes back tens of thousands of years. Their rather nonplussed by their existence, they have developed an awareness of individual types of visitors from what we call outer space.”53 
The Three Sisters crouch at the south edge of the town of Katoomba, an Anglo-Saxon enclave of artists and artisans. They can be viewed from its golf course and are the most famous landmark in The City of Blue Mountains, a ribbon of contiguous towns, which lie on New South Wales Main Western railway line. The City of Blue Mountains has dubbed itself ‘The City within a World Heritage National Park.’ It has Sister City Relationships with Sanda City, Japan and Flagstaff, Arizona in the USA. 
Located in the southwest of the Four Corners, an area famed for its paranormal activities, Flagstaff is the unofficial capital of the Navaho (Diné) Nation and the Hopi, the priestly tribe who are the keepers of the Diné’s most profound secrets. 
Like a penitent kneeling at the foot of the alter Flagstaff prostrates itself at the south foot of Agassiz Peak, Freemont Peak and Doyle Peak in the Kachina Peaks Wilderness. 
To the Hopi this area, part of the San Francisco Peaks, the remains of an eroded composite volcano, is the most sacred place in the Four Corners. In fact it is the most sacred place in the world… 
The San Francisco Peaks are where the doorways open up for their gods, which they call Kachina, to come forth when they are called in the powerful ceremonies performed by the Hopi. 
The Kachina are supernatural beings said to control the wind, the rain and the lighting… 
At 11,464 feet Doyle Peak was the site of the world’s highest astronomical observation point from 1927-1932. Built by the Lowell Observatory, the stated purpose of the cabin on the south side of the summit was to scan the heavens and make spectroscopic observations, especially in ultraviolet and infrared wavelengths… 
In 2005 “a collaborative project team formed, the heart of which is still active today, including NASA scientists, Navajo Medicine Men, and both NASA and Navajo educators.”54 Flagstaff is the home of the Lowell Observatory, the U.S. Naval Observatory and the United States Geological Survey Flagstaff Station… Rock art from Sego Canyon at the northern frontier of the Four Corners. 
Citations 
1 – Reid, Nick, and Patrick D. Nunn. “Ancient Aboriginal Stories Preserve History of a Rise in Sea Level.” The Conversation. 13 Jan. 2015. Web. 25 July 2016. http://theconversation.com/ancient-aboriginal-stories-preserve-history-of-a-rise-in-sea-level-36010 
2 – Ibid. 
3 –“Ancient Aliens S11E07 – The Wisdom Keepers.” 11:00. YouTube, 7 July 2016. Web. 26 July 2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-mX1eWoj6I 
4 –Ibid. 29:33. 
5 –Ibid. 30:09. 
6– MARKOFF, JOHN. “Sorry, Einstein. Quantum Study Suggests ‘Spooky Action’ Is Real.” Science. New York Times, 21 Oct. 2015. Web. 3 Aug. 2016. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/22/science/quantum-theory-experiment-said-to-prove-spooky-interactions.html?_r=0 
7 – “Karl Pribram ‘Holographic Brain’ New Dimensions 1:12:52.” Youtube. Insightfreeman, 5 Dec. 2012. Web. 15 Aug. 2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awFleswtH2Y 
8 –Ibid. 23:34.",0
14100,"After Baton Rouge Flooding, Learning Lessons From New Orleans - The New York Times","BATON ROUGE, La.  —   Darren McKinney knows about floods, having spent days huddling in the upper rooms of a house when the waters of Hurricane Katrina drowned his New Orleans neighborhood, the Lower Ninth Ward, 11 years ago this month. And so on Saturday afternoon, at a house in a Baton Rouge subdivision that had been flooded a week earlier, Mr. McKinney passed his knowledge on to a group of volunteers from lowernine. org, a nonprofit organization founded after Hurricane Katrina: cut the drywall here, this high up, and pull out the insulation like this. “Because I’ve been through it,” he said, “I know the dos and don’ts. ” There are plenty here in south Louisiana who have been forced to learn this kind of thing, and plenty who have learned much larger lessons as well. Those lessons include how to get money most efficiently from the federal government and ways to avoid leaving thousands of people for years in temporary shelters, like the notorious Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers, as the rebuilding proceeds. The big thoughts and small details constitute a grimly earned expertise here and particularly in New Orleans, which sits just 75 miles down the road. It is a   that will now be drawn on considerably, with   devastation across 20 parishes, at least 60, 600 homes damaged or ruined, and the long and often exasperating road to recovery just now beginning. “The silver lining, if there is any silver lining, is that this sits in a large region that has a lot of experience with rebuilding and recovery,” said Mary L. Landrieu, a former United States senator from Louisiana, and a veteran of funding fights during the hurricane recovery. “They don’t have to go far to find experts. ” Many organizations that came into existence to tackle problems after Hurricane Katrina are now on the front lines of this recovery, which President Obama will survey during a visit on Tuesday. The Louisiana Civil Justice Center, started in the months after the hurricane to respond to the many and confounding legal issues of the poor, is the official statewide legal aid resource in the state bar association’s disaster plan. The St. Bernard Project, a nonprofit rebuilding group which now calls itself SBP and was started by two volunteers in 2006 in a parking lot in a wrecked parish outside of New Orleans, is planning to open at least one office, if not several, in Baton Rouge. The group’s leaders have been in talks with advertising firms in New Orleans about campaigns to educate people about how to navigate the FEMA process for grants and loans, how to avoid being defrauded by contractors and how to do some   work without any outside help at all. All are things that the group learned after Hurricane Katrina and in subsequent relief efforts elsewhere around the country. “The fact is, disaster recovery hasn’t worked well in America, ever,” said Zack Rosenburg, one of the founders of the group, which has done rebuilding work after floods in South Carolina and West Virginia. “It’s an extraordinarily challenging process. ” On Saturday, some of the original members of the Louisiana Recovery Authority, the state agency set up to oversee the rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, met with local and state officials at the offices of the Baton Rouge Area Foundation, a civic group, to talk about the lessons of the last 11 years. With homes in Louisiana still underwater, the talk was preliminary, said John Spain, the executive vice president of the foundation. But there was plenty to look back at and see as experiences not to repeat. “We’re 11 years after Katrina, and only 60 percent of the housing stock in St. Bernard Parish is back,” Mr. Spain said, referring to a parish just east of New Orleans that was almost entirely destroyed by the levee failures after the hurricane. This time, it was Livingston Parish, just east of Baton Rouge, that was almost entirely flooded. “It’s important that we don’t repeat mistakes whether it’s from Sandy or Katrina or Gustav. ” Part of the issue then was how long it took for homes to be rebuilt and essential services to come back. After Hurricane Katrina, thousands endured extended stays in FEMA trailers, and thousands of others eventually settled down permanently in cities elsewhere, bleeding New Orleans of its population. In this flood response, several officials said, FEMA is pursuing a strategy of getting people to move back as quickly as possible into at least one or two rooms of their   houses, an aim that would depend on quick payments and a work force of volunteers. “Our efforts to help the schools get back open and get as many people back in their home as soon as possible is going to minimize the effect we had after Katrina,” said Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, a Republican, who praised the federal response. “Right after Katrina, we didn’t see that passion to really help,” he said. Still, there is plenty that has not been learned, or learned but not fixed. A report released last year by Save the Children, an advocacy group, found that few of the recommendations of a federal commission on children and disasters, which was set up after Hurricane Katrina, have been carried out nationally. And those who have worked with poor and   families since Hurricane Katrina expect to see many of the exact same problems they saw over the last decade, even if they now feel more savvy about fighting them. “The kinds of things you’re going to see early on are things like people facing a potential eviction because housing is scarce,” said Laura Tuggle, the executive director of the Southeast Louisiana Legal Services, which helped the poor after Hurricane Katrina. She ticked off some more of what she expected: sudden sharp rises in rent, withheld deposits, increases in domestic violence for those stuck in close quarters and, for homeowners, complicated title problems that could jeopardize access to assistance. All of these are matters that lawyers with her group had to tackle after Hurricane Katrina. She has already gotten calls about some of them this time. “You know what needs to be done,” Ms. Tuggle said, recalling the months during which she was unable to get back to her home in New Orleans in 2005. “Because we’ve been there. ” Betty Michelli, 63, of Baton Rouge, has now been there, though she had never been there before. On Saturday, volunteers with the St. Bernard Project were gutting her house and piling debris out on the front lawn. She and her husband stood in the hot garage, going over all that they do not know about disasters, from how FEMA is supposed to contact them, to how one gets loans from the Small Business Administration, to what exactly they are going to be doing next. “I don’t know,” she said. “I just sit down and cry. ”",0
14101,Grammy To Go To David Foster Wallace,"  Health Groups Urging Chart Topping Band the Chainsmokers to Change Their Name They may be one of the hottest acts in pop at the moment, but US dance music duo the Chainsmokers are being criticized by health organisations and campaigners because of their rather unhealthy-sounding name. The twosome, Andrew Taggart and Alex Pa... Adele helps pregnant mothers by telling them; ""It aint no fun being a mum!"" One of Britain's most famous exports, singer/songwriter Adele, has decided to go public and warned pregnant mother's about having babies, she say's ""being a mum aint no fun!"" Adele just happened to be paid a couple of million for telling her despe...",0
14102,Carrie Fisher in Intensive Care After Medical Episode on Plane - The New York Times,"The actress Carrie Fisher, best known for her portrayal of Princess Leia in the “Star Wars” movies, was hospitalized in intensive care on Friday night after a medical episode aboard a flight to Los Angeles from London, The Associated Press reported. [ Read our obituary for Carrie Fisher ] Her brother, Todd Fisher, told The A. P. that Ms. Fisher was receiving excellent care but that he could not classify her condition. He had earlier said that she was in stable condition and was out of the emergency room at a Los Angeles hospital. In a subsequent interview he said many details about her condition or what caused the medical emergency were unknown. The Los Angeles Fire Department said in a statement that paramedics responded to Los Angeles International Airport around 12:10 p. m. for a patient on an inbound flight who was in cardiac arrest. They “aggressively treated” the patient, who was not named. Several news accounts identified the passenger as Ms. Fisher, 60. Luke Punzenberger, a spokesman for United Airlines, said in an email that medical personnel met the flight after crew members reported that a passenger was unresponsive. News of Ms. Fisher’s medical episode prompted an outpouring of concern on Twitter from “Star Wars”   and fans. Ms. Fisher is the daughter of the actress Debbie Reynolds and the singer Eddie Fisher. In addition to her performances in the original “Star Wars” trilogy and last year in “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” Ms. Fisher has written books chronicling her life in Hollywood and battles with drug addiction. One of the books, “Postcards From the Edge,” was adapted into a 1990 movie that starred Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine.",0
14103,What You Should Watch: Amazon Pilots and ‘Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation’ - The New York Times,"Welcome to Watching, The New York Times’s    guide. We comb through releases big and small to email readers twice a week with our timely recommendations. You can browse previous guides here, and to receive recommendations straight to your inbox, sign up here. Stay tuned for our coming website. I took a short vacation and now I feel utterly unable to function in normal society. Breakfast should begin slowly and quietly around noon, all sandwiches should be lobster rolls and every day should include some kind of beach excursion. But real life beckons, as it always does. The good news is that real life includes some exciting new TV shows this weekend  —   time to turn our brains toward the television future and embrace what comes next. That’s never really been my strong suit, though, so I’ll also probably rewatch a few episodes of “Mad Men,” since I found myself thinking about that show an awful lot in the last few weeks. I can’t help it  —   I still miss it. Have a joyous weekend, friends. “The Hindenburg Explodes! ,” Adult Swim (free, but it’s only up until Monday select it from the “Now Showing”   menu). Watch if you wish “Children’s Hospital” was set on a doomed airship. Adult Swim has posted four pilots for new, short shows  —   three cartoons and one   piece. The   “Hindenburg,”   by and   Rob Corddry, is the best of the bunch. John Cho, Lauren Lapkus, Leslie Bibb, Nate Corddry, Kevin McDonald and Danny Pudi among others play passengers, time travelers, “adventurers” and historical figures on this silly, occasionally crass, spoof. It’s not clear how exactly the show would be expanded past these 10 minutes, but let’s try to believe that we live in a world full of good surprises. “The Jim Gaffigan Show,” Sunday, 10 p. m. TV Land. Watch if you like loosely autobiographical showbiz stories. “The Jim Gaffigan Show” has improved tremendously since its premiere last year, finding a little more edge and identity  —   though perhaps we have hit full cultural saturation on “comic plays comic in show about him or herself. ” This week brings the series’   season finale, and the show works just fine episodically. Don’t feel a need to “catch up,” but if you want to orient yourself a little, watch the surprisingly profound Season 2 episode, “The Calling,” in which Jim searches for meaning in his life. “I Love Dick,” “The Tick” and “  Van Johnson,” Amazon.  Watch if you want to participate in the voting process or already like the creators and stars of these shows. Welcome to another round of Amazon pilots. The streaming platform’s “system,” in which viewer votes allegedly affect which shows go to series, ultimately seems as capricious and   as the old network model: This spring, the platform introduced one compelling and one snoozy drama, “The Interestings” and “The Last Tycoon. ” And yet “Tycoon” is the one that’s moving forward. Alas! The world is cruel. But “I Love Dick” is pretty great. It’s based on Chris Kraus’s book of the same name, and (broadly) adapted by Jill Soloway, the creator of “Transparent. ” Soloway teams with her frequent muse Kathryn Hahn, who plays a stymied filmmaker spending a season in Marfa, Tex. with her academic husband (Griffin Dunne) when she meets the alluring, confounding Dick (Kevin Bacon, almost comically eroticized). Soloway’s loose, empathetic style and passion for slightly irritating characters are in full force. But “Dick” is less languid than “Transparent,” and has a steadier beat than her film “Afternoon Delight. ” Here’s hoping it goes to series. “The Tick” is the newest reboot in the cult “Tick” franchise  —   first a comic book, then an animated series, then a   series and now another   series. This version stars Peter Serafinowicz as the titular superhero, and Griffin Newman (“Vinyl”) as Arthur, a dweeby accountant who becomes the Tick’s sidekick. Originalists will probably grumble about this darker spin’s lack of camp and flair, but there’s plenty to like here, even with so many   options. Finally, “  Van Johnson,” starring   Van Damme as an   star who moonlights as a secret operative, did absolutely nothing for me, but if you are a JCVD   your mileage will almost certainly vary. Enjoy an   summer blockbuster from the near comfort of your A. C. unit with “Mission: Impossible  —   Rogue Nation. ” In this latest “Mission: Impossible” edition, Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) goes under the radar to try to thwart yet another covert organization bent on destroying his colleagues at the Impossible Mission Force (IMF). Boasting incredible stunts, car chases, explosions and a talented cast that includes Alec Baldwin, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg and Rebecca Ferguson, the fifth movie in the franchise pushes the boundaries of   feats at every turn. You don’t need to have seen previous installments of this spy caper series’ to enjoy “Rogue Nation. ” But remember to breathe during the movie’s excruciating underwater scene and daredevil plane sequence. (Watch on Amazon Prime)  —   Monica Castillo ‘The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore’ Comedy Central announced this week that Thursday would be the final night for “The Nightly Show With Larry Wilmore. ” Based on the ratings, this isn’t a huge surprise  —   the show never found a big audience. It also never quite found its ideal form: While Wilmore’s openers were sharp, they often covered the same clips as “The Daily Show” had a   earlier, and   panel conversations are the worst possible format for telling jokes or conveying information. Here’s hoping there’s another, better show in Wilmore’s future. He spoke with The New York Times earlier this week about the abrupt end to the show and the work he’s most proud of. I’ve raved about this doc in the newsletter a lot, but, all five parts of ESPN’s fascinating, fantastic documentary “O. J. Simpson: Made in America” are now streaming on Hulu.",0
14104,A Dinosaur Cousin’s Crocodile Ankles Surprise Paleontologists - The New York Times,"Paleontologists excavating a basin in southern Tanzania have uncovered     fossils belonging to one of the earliest relatives of dinosaurs. The carnivorous creature, which is not a direct ancestor to dinosaurs but more of a close cousin, is called Teleocrater rhadinus. The discovery, which was reported Wednesday in Nature, may help scientists fill in gaps in our understanding of how dinosaurs evolved as well as provide insight into what their earliest relatives looked like. “For the first time we have a good idea of what the very first forms on the lineage leading to pterosaurs, dinosaurs and birds looked like,” Randall B. Irmis, a curator of paleontology at the Natural History Museum of Utah who was not involved in the study, said in an email about the study. “I think this will spark a lot of research into how and why pterosaurs and dinosaurs evolved into such different forms from their early relatives. ” The Teleocrater is an archosaur, a group that includes all birds, dinosaurs and the flying reptiles pterosaurs, as well as crocodiles and alligators. About 250 million years ago, at the beginning of the Triassic Period, the archosaurs broke into two main branches: the bird bunch, which includes dinosaurs, and the crocodile crew. Teleocrater is considered an early member of the   archosaurs, appearing some 10 million to 15 million years before dinosaurs entered the lineage. But for a creature so closely related to dinosaurs, it did not look very dinosaurlike. It was between 6 and 10 feet long and resembled a Komodo dragon with an elongated neck. It also walked on four limbs. What paleontologists found most surprising about the creature were the bones in its ankles, which were more similar to those found in crocodiles than those found in dinosaurs and birds  —   even though Teleocrater was on team bird and not team croc. The unexpected finding suggests that features previously thought to have evolved in one branch may have existed in a common ancestor of both groups. “This is along the lines of rewriting our understanding of the very earliest history of the bird and dinosaur lineage,” said Kenneth Angielczyk, a paleobiologist at the Field Museum in Chicago and an author on the study. “It changes our understanding of what that first step in the evolution of dinosaurs was like. ” The first Teleocrater remains to be discovered were found in the 1930s by Francis Rex Parrington, a famous paleontologist from Cambridge University. Unsure of what he had collected, he stored the bones away until they were uncovered by his graduate student Alan Charig in the 1950s. He identified it as an archosaur and named it Teleocrater, but the designation was never made official, nor was the creature ever placed on the dinosaur family tree. It wasn’t until 2015 that Dr. Angielczyk, Sterling J. Nesbitt, a paleontologist from Virginia Tech, and their colleagues uncovered an unusual set of bones in Tanzania that proved Dr. Charig was right. “It seemed like a fairly strange animal,” Dr. Angielczyk said, “but it wasn’t until we got it back to the lab and got it cleaned that the full implications of its relationship to birds and dinosaurs became apparent. ” The team, which includes researchers from the United States, England, Argentina, South Africa, Sweden and Russia, identified several features, like a depression in its skull, that further showed the Teleocrater was an archosaur from the bird lineage. But by also finding that it had a   ankle, the team connected the dinosaur and bird branch to the crocodile branch in a way that was not previously known. Kevin Padian, an integrative biologist at the University of California, Berkeley, who reviewed the paper, said the findings showed that the features that have traditionally been associated with the   line did not evolve in lockstep. “The bottom line is that we have so much new information that we’re seeing a far more complex picture than we had 30 years ago,” he said, “and that’s an important evolutionary insight. ”",0
14105,Deadly Attack Near U.K. Parliament Car Plows Victims on Westminster Bridge - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   A   assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe. At least four people, including the assailant, were killed and at least 40 others injured in the confusing swirl of violence, which the police said they assumed had been “inspired by international terrorism. ” It appeared to be the most serious such assault in London since the deadly subway bombings more than a decade ago. Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated. Prime Minister Theresa May was rushed into a vehicle and spirited back to her office. She held a meeting of the government’s emergency committee and issued a statement on Wednesday night from her 10 Downing Street residence denouncing “the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our Capital this afternoon. ” Mrs. May also said that “the full details of exactly what happened are still emerging,” but she confirmed that the attack had been carried out by a lone male assailant. As of late Wednesday, his identity had not been released, but Scotland Yard officials said they believed they knew who he was. The attack unfolded around 2:40 p. m. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said at a news conference. Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing. After the crash, the driver left the vehicle and approached Parliament, where he stabbed an unarmed police officer to death and was fatally shot by the police. The dead officer was identified as Keith Palmer, 48, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command with 15 years of experience. “This is the day we have planned for but we hoped would never happen,” Mr. Rowley said. “Sadly, it’s now a reality. ” The attack came on the anniversary of suicide bombings in Brussels that killed 32 people, along with three bombers. It confirmed fears among counterterrorism officials that London, which had largely escaped recent terrorist attacks in Europe, would join cities like Paris, Brussels and Berlin as targets of mass violence. “Terrorism affects us all, and France knows the pain the British people are enduring today,” President François Hollande of France said at a news conference in Villepinte, near Paris. Mrs. May, who spoke with Mr. Hollande and President Trump, said in her statement that Parliament would meet as normal on Thursday. She vowed to never permit “the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart. ” Cmdr. B. J. Harrington of the Metropolitan Police said at a brief news conference earlier Wednesday that a “full counterterrorism investigation is underway. ” He asked members of the public to report any suspicious activity and to share any images or video of the violence. Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness. ” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge. Also among the injured were three   boys from a group of visiting  students from the Brittany region of France, and a woman who fell or plunged into the River Thames. Mr. Hollande’s government said it had chartered a plane to London with families of the French victims. Tobias Ellwood, a minister in the Foreign Office, tried to save the life of the fatally stabbed police officer by giving    resuscitation. The number of injured apparently included five South Korean tourists who were overwhelmed by a crowd fleeing the scene, South Korea’s Foreign Ministry said Thursday morning. Three men suffered fractures, and a woman had surgery for a head injury, the ministry said. For more than two hours, astonished lawmakers inside the House of Commons, some of whom had ducked for cover, were told to stay in place as officers searched the premises office by office. “At the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension, and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we’ve received advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures,” David Lidington, the leader of the House of Commons, or lower house of Parliament, told lawmakers in remarks broadcast live on the BBC. Olly Grender, a member of the House of Lords, said that lawmakers were staying put. “We were in a meeting, I heard shouting through the window,” she said, adding that a colleague came in to tell them that a serious episode had taken place. Jayne Wilkinson, 59, from Birmingham, was near the statue of Winston Churchill in Parliament Square with her partner, David Turner, 56, when they saw people suddenly running from Parliament. The couple said they had seen a   man holding a knife. He ignored warnings from the police, running though the gates into the Parliament compound, she said. “They were shouting to warn him,” Ms. Wilkinson said. Soon after, she and her partner heard three gunshots and saw the man on the ground. Three construction workers inside the grounds of Westminster Palace said they had heard shots fired in rapid succession before they were escorted off the premises. “It was  ” one said. Reuben Saunders, an American student at Cambridge University who was visiting Parliament, said he had been leaving the building when he saw a police officer accosted by an assailant armed with two knives or similar weapons. “He was at the gate, I heard screaming,” Mr. Saunders said. “I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled. ” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots. ” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a   school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots. “My colleague saw bodies lying on the floor and someone said a policeman has been knived,” she said. “I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus. ” Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament. She saw a body lying on the ground and called emergency services. “At first I thought it was an accident, but then I was told the car had already mowed down quite a number of people on Westminster Bridge,” she said, adding: “Now that it is a terrorist incident, it is a bit more daunting. ” Robert Vaudry, 52, a fund manager from    said he had emerged from the Westminster subway station around 2:40 p. m. for a meeting with a lawmaker when he realized that something was amiss. “I came out of the Tube and there were two armed policemen,” he said in an interview. “One grabbed my arm, pushed me to the left and said, ‘Get out of here,’” he said. “They were shouting at everyone to get away. ” As he spoke, police officers were cordoning off the area. One officer shouted, “We need everyone to move back past Downing Street. ” Radoslaw Sikorski, a former foreign minister of Poland who was in the area, was in a taxi on Westminster Bridge when the pedestrians were hit by the other vehicle. “I didn’t see the impact, I heard it  —   it sounded like a car hitting a sheet of metal,” he said. “I saw these people lying on the tarmac, on the pavement. I saw five people down, one unconscious and one bleeding heavily from his head. He was not moving. The taxi driver rang the emergency services, and people rushed to help. ” Andrew Bone, the executive director of the Responsible Jewellery Council, an industry standards group, was on a bus heading toward Victoria Station when it was stopped at the edge of Parliament Square. Seeing the commotion, he initially thought an action movie was being shot, but quickly discerned the gravity of the situation as the bus was evacuated and he saw the vehicle that had crashed into a railing. “We had a   seat as the first responders arrived,” Mr. Bone said. “I am of the generation who remembers I. R. A. bombs in London during the Troubles,” he said, referring to the sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland. “We are not indifferent, but police have reacted with calm. I saw no panic. ” Britain has not suffered a   terrorist attack since July 7, 2005, when bomb attacks on subway trains and on a bus killed more than 50 people. Political violence is relatively rare in Britain, where gun ownership is stringently restricted. Jo Cox, a Labour member of Parliament, was assassinated in her constituency in northern England on June 16, a week before the contentious referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union. In 1979, a lawmaker was assassinated near the Parliament building. Airey Neave, a Conservative Party member, was killed when his car was blown up. Jeremy Shapiro, a former State Department official now at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said that the London attack was consistent with the recent pattern of attacks in which a vehicle was used to kill people, citing assaults in France, Germany and Israel. “We’ve seen a gradual movement away from terrorist attacks on the West to attacks on softer and softer targets with more improvised weapons,” he said. “In a way, it’s a sign of desperation and a demonstration of the effectiveness of counterterrorism in the West. It’s spectacularly easy to kill a bunch of people with a car or a truck if you don’t care who they are. ”",0
14106,Russia to beef up western defenses with S-400's to counteract US-NATO threat,"November 21, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RIANovosti - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


In response to the deployment of American missile defense systems in Europe, Russia is being forced to strengthen its aerospace defenses on its western borders, Viktor Ozerov, the chairman of the Federation Council’s Committee on Defense and Security, told RIA Novosti. 
“As a responsive measure against such a type of threat, we will be compelled to strengthen our aerospace defense system in the western direction and put into operation additional forces and means for resolving the covering of relevant facilities and control points. This strengthening of forces will include the deployment of S-400 and Iskander complexes in Kaliningrad, as well as the creation of new formations in the Western and Southern Military Districts,” the senator said. 
Ozerov remarked that one of the arguments which Russia has put forward in relation to the deployment of American missile systems in Europe is the fear that this infrastructure could be promptly converted to accommodate strike weapons, particularly land-based cruise missiles. 
“These fears are being confirmed today,” Ozerov stated. 
According to the senator, along with motorized infantry and tank units, the divisions being created in the Western and Southern Military Districts will include troops and anti-air defense means. “In addition, we are not hiding this, we are improving our aerospace forces and developing new, modern missiles of both the “land-air” and “air-land” classes which would be capable of overwhelming the air defenses that the US has in Europe,” Ozerov explained. 
Senator Ozerov added that the additional deployment of arms capable of neutralizing the US missile defense threat is a symmetrical response. According to him, Russia is constantly monitoring the situation and is “ready to respond.” 
In May of last year, the construction of the Aegis Ashore facility was completed which includes American missile systems in the vicinity of the Romanian town of Deveselu. Another such facility is to appear by 2018 in northern Poland. 

Moscow has repeatedly stated that the US and NATO’s actions in deploying anti-missile defense systems in Europe represent a threat to Russia’s national security and could undermine strategic stability in the region.  


     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
14107,The Deceptive Nature of Hillary Clinton is Right in Line with Communism,"Email 
Much to the surprise of the American electorate, both on the right and left, the FBI is reopening it's investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal. Whether this will amount to anything meaningful, or it is simply a distraction is any body's guess. Many are speculating that this could be the issue which would cause President Obama to cancel the elections. In my recent article ""Corrupting One's Self is the Ultimate Morality in the Pursuit of Utopia,"" I discussed the possibility that the blatant corruption is deliberately being thrust in our face to create the necessary attitude for social change. This idea of course, is based on the writings of Alinsky and other ""social engineers"" skilled in the arts of propaganda and psychological manipulation. Looking at it from this perspective, cancelled elections are a possibility. The truth is, with Hillary Clinton you never know what to expect because she is operating from an ""ends justify the means mentality,"" and she is willing to do anything to see her dreams of a collectivized America move forward. 
According to Elizabeth Harrington from the Washington Free Beacon, the Clinton campaign began conducting focus groups to determine which approach Hillary should take concerning her run for the presidency. Hillary is diehard ideologue whose beliefs are right in line with Communists dictators like Stalin and Mao. She believes that ordinary people have no idea how to best conduct their personal business and the state should be involved in every aspect of our lives. The goal of these focus groups was to determine the attitudes of the electorate in order to mold her message and her personality into something they would vote for. Many people would attempt to ridicule and discredit anyone associating Hillary Clinton with communists because she comes across as compassionate and caring, always blaming everything on a vast, right wing conspiracy. 
This has always been the modus operandi of the communist movement and it explains why so many young people have no idea about the atrocities committed under the regimes of communist rulers. Today's millennials are well aware of the holocaust and the millions of Jews murdered by Adolph Hitler. They may not however, know that Hitler murdered more than Jews. He started by eliminating the sick and disabled, then he murdered Christians, homosexuals and anyone else essentially, that didn't go along with his national socialism. The belief is that fascism is an extreme right wing world view. This explains the hostility towards today's conservative movement. They have been branded as fascists, when in fact, the truth is the exact opposite. On the true political scale, national socialism or fascism is to the right of communism, which represents complete state control, but it is still way left of center. A true, extreme right wing world view would be complete absence of government control over anything. With this being said, and understanding that the horrors of communism have all been forgotten simply because they are no longer being taught, the communists have been very successful in deceiving people because like Hillary Clinton, they pretend to be something they are not. 
Millions of young people in America, due to left wing indoctrination in our universities, are falling for the communist propaganda under the guise that communism is a more fair, compassionate system of economics. Left wing professors, refusing to acknowledge the failures of communism because they believe the right leader has not come along to implement it the right way, have failed to teach these young minds that the pursuit of total equality has led to the death of 100,000,000 people under communist controlled governments. Communists, believing not in God but in evolution and science, believe that man can be trained into submission and a refusal to accept communist ideals is in fact, a sign of mental deficiency. Therefore, it is justifiable to eliminate them. To understand this read ""Brainwashing: A Synthesis of the Russian Textbook on Psychopolitics."" Communists also hide this belief by claiming their pursuit of equality is motivated by a pursuit of social and economic justice when in fact, it is motivated by a pure desire to control every aspect of human being. 
The Black Book of Communism references the historical debate over the evil natures of both Communism and Nazism. Adolf Hitler, despite his cruelty was open about what his intentions were. He set out to create a perfect race that understood its role was to serve the state and nothing else. This isn't any different than the goals of communism truthfully, only insofar as communists seek to accomplish this on a global scale, (using the economic class issue as opposed to race) while national socialism focuses on achieving such a goal for the country itself. The communists on the other hand, as mentioned above, pretended to be compassionate about the poor and oppressed when in reality- they use these groups to organize for power while hiding behind the guise of compassion and the struggle to achieve social justice, while in reality-they are systematically imprisoning and murdering all that don't go along with their agenda. This, according to the Black Book of Communism, makes the communist ideology, if you could really assign degrees of evil, more evil than Nazism because of its deceptive nature. 
We all know Hillary Clinton is a liar, and she wrote her college thesis on Saul Alinsky but do we know anything else about her? Given the fact that she conducted focus groups to help mold her campaign message it is obvious she is hiding something. Over the past several weeks we have seen references to leaked emails which show she has an obvious disdain for the average American and the common beliefs in liberty that most of us share. She has referred to many of us as ""irredeemable deplorables"" in an effort to brand us as the uncompassionate ones while pretending to care about the poor and so called oppressed. In fact, this is the whole strategy of the Democrat party because as we all know, they have taken a hard turn left and do not represent the views of most Americans. They will however, pretend to in order to get in office. What are her intentions if she were to assume office? Are the massive dehumanization campaigns where conservatives are labeled as fascists and whites as automatic racists a first step to a repeat of history where millions were slaughtered because they were deemed as undesirable by their own government? Looking at the deceptive nature of Hillary Clinton and the violent nature of the left, it sure seems like a distinct possibility. 
The number of deaths under communist regimes from the Black Book of Communism Soviet Union- Vladimr Lenin and Joseph Stalin-20 million deaths China-Mao- 65 million deaths Vietnam- Ho Chi Mihn- 1 million deaths North Korea- 2 million deaths Cambodia- Pol Pot- 2 million deaths Eastern Europe- 1 million deaths Latin America- 150,000 deaths Africa- 1.7 million deaths Afghanistan (under soviet control) 1.5 million deaths 
These are not deaths represented by wartime or revolutions, but by outright murder committed by evil men intent on creating perfect societies based on social justice and equality. I guess the question remains. Is man capable of bringing about a perfect society? 
Article posted with permission from In Defense of Our Nation  ",0
14108,"Spurred by Orlando Shooting, G.O.P. Senator Offers a Gun Control Compromise - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   With congressional leaders once again at a stalemate over how to respond to a mass shooting, the Senate’s most moderate Republican, Susan Collins of Maine, is developing a compromise measure that would prevent some terrorism suspects from purchasing weapons, while sidestepping partisan flash points that have doomed similar legislation in the past and threaten to do so again next week. The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, has already scheduled votes for Monday on four proposals  —   two sponsored by Republicans and two by Democrats  —   but all four are expected to fail in a nearly identical replay of votes last December after the attack in San Bernardino, Calif. “That’s what I am trying to avoid,” Ms. Collins said in a brief interview riding the subway from the Capitol back to her office on Thursday evening. “I don’t want ‘Groundhog Day’ here. I don’t want us to go through the same thing we went through last year with no result. ” With lawmakers feeling extreme pressure to take some action in the aftermath of last weekend’s shooting massacre in Orlando, Fla. the proposal by Ms. Collins is a long shot, but it seems to stand at least some chance of forging an agreement that has generally eluded lawmakers for decades amid a debate over how to balance gun rights and public safety. The legislation being drafted by Ms. Collins would bar the sale of guns to terrorism suspects who appear on either the government’s   list or the   “selectee” list, in which individuals are subjected to additional security screening before being allowed to board an airplane. Those lists are far more narrow than the federal terrorist screening database, which is the focus of a proposal sponsored by Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, one of the four measures to be voted on Monday. But while the gun restrictions proposed by Ms. Collins would target a narrower group of individuals, her measure does not require federal prosecutors to demonstrate “probable cause” of criminal terrorist activity, which is required in an alternative to the Feinstein measure sponsored by Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican. Democrats say Mr. Cornyn’s measure, which will also be voted on Monday, sets such a high burden of proof that it renders useless the underlying gun restrictions. Instead, Ms. Collins has proposed an appeals process that would award attorney’s fees to anyone who successfully challenged the government’s effort to prevent the sale of a firearm. “If you are either on the   list or the selectee list, which is the list where you are subjected to additional screening before you are allowed to board a plane, then you would be prohibited from purchasing a gun,” Ms. Collins said. She said she agreed that Mr. Cornyn’s measure set a standard too difficult to meet. “If probable cause is found, then probably law enforcement could arrest you,” she said. “If you have got that, you are going to be arrested, unless they are leaving you out there in order to catch others. ” Ms. Collins has already succeeded in piquing the interest of Senator Heidi Heitkamp, a centrist Democrat from North Dakota who has had a strong hand in some of the Senate’s more unexpected bipartisan deals in recent years, including a measure that lifted the   prohibition on crude oil exports. A spokeswoman for Ms. Heitkamp, Abigail McDonough, said the senator was in talks with Ms. Collins and hopeful that an agreement could be reached. “Senator Heitkamp believes there needs to be a real bipartisan discussion about what any bill to address the terror watch list issue would look like so that it actually addresses the issue at hand and gets enough bipartisan support to pass in the Senate,” Ms. McDonough said. “She’s currently participating in discussions to try to reach such a compromise. ” Ms. Collins said she had also been talking to Senator Feinstein, as well as to an array of Republicans including Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Jeff Flake of Arizona, and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. Ms. Collins and Ms. Feinstein have each added language to their proposals aimed at addressing the situation in Orlando, in which the gunman, Omar Mateen, had been on a government watch list but was removed before he bought his guns. Though they focus on different lists, their proposals would flag for the F. B. I. gun purchases by anyone who had been on the designated watch list within the past five years. “The F. B. I. is immediately notified that you have bought the gun and that you formerly were on one of these two lists,” she said. “Most likely that is going to lead them to put you back under surveillance or do other investigation and watch you closely. That’s an important provision. ”",0
14109,Nuclear Option-The Speech: Trump Rendering Sullen Democrats Irrelevant - Breitbart,"The president opened by celebrating Black History Month. Lady Democrats wore white. [Donald Trump delivered the most finely crafted speech of his political life Tuesday night in what will go down as one of the best speeches delivered to a joint session of Congress in the past two decades.  He hit stirring emotional high notes. And he laid out his vision for his presidency. Mr. Trump stole the issue of affordable health care from Democrats. He unabashedly owned the fight against illegal immigration. “Obamacare is collapsing  —   and we must act decisively to protect all Americans,” he said. “Action is not a choice  —   it is a necessity. ” In other words, Democrats led by President Obama swindled poor Americans into this disastrous program with their usual host of lies and false promises, and now these good people are stranded. But Mr. Trump and Republicans are not going to leave these innocent Americans to dig themselves out of the mess Democrats put them in. “So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster. ” When the camera panned to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi  —   who, inexplicably, is still the Democratic leader in the House  —   she looked like she had been sucking on the bitterest of lemons. Strategically, it was brilliant. It completely cuts Democrats out of the debate. And then the president’s salute to Megan Crowley, who is alive today because of the herculean efforts by her father to find a drug to combat Pompe disease, sealed the deal. Mr. Trump then laid out the broad brush parameters of a health care law he would like to see Republicans hammer out to replace Obamacare. On illegal immigration, Mr. Trump held firm. “To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income or a loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defends its borders?” Another question he might have asked those in Congress who do not believe in enforcing immigration laws: “If you don’t like the immigration laws, why don’t you change them? You are the only branch of government that can. ” Mr. Trump also deplored the hellfire violence in Chicago and called education “the civil rights issue of our time. ” The senator from Illinois and other Democrats offered only the most paltry, perfunctory applause. The entire speech was supremely presidential. But it wasn’t without humor. After excoriating both Democrats and Republicans for spending $6 trillion in the Middle East, he said, “We could have rebuilt our country  —   twice. ” He waited two beats. “And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to   …     negotiate,” Mr. Trump said, dropping into his finest “Apprentice” tone of voice. The camera panned to Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was exchanging perplexed glances with an equally befuddled senator. They didn’t get the line. Apparently, Ms. Warren never achieved her merit badge for reading smoke signals. In the end, Donald Trump so dominated the entire night that Democrats were left with nothing but sullen protests. The ladies wore white, but nobody was exactly sure why. In a shocking development, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not doze off during the hourlong address. At least not on national television. She did not show up. And in another development that absolutely nobody cared about, Rep. Eliot Engel, New York Democrat, announced he would not shake Mr. Trump’s hand. It was not clear at press time if Mr. Trump even knows who Eliot Engel is. There were so many protests on the Democratic side of the aisle, it was hard to keep track. Even the Democrats seemed confused about what they were protesting. Rep. Joseph Crowley, New York Democrat, wore a giant pin protesting, well, not sure exactly what. It simply featured a large question mark. In all honesty, that pin could be the party’s entire platform in the next election. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
14110,Rapper Lil Wayne: “My Life Was Saved by a White Man. I Don’t Know What Racism is.”,"0 comments 
After catching all kinds of flack from his liberal counterparts for his opinion that racism is not as major an issue as race-baiting Democrats make it out to be, rapper Lil Wayne has doubled down and clarified his stance in an astounding video, sharing his memory of the day a white police officer saved his life at 12-years-old. 
Watch:",0
14111,How Ben Carson Could Undo a Desegregation Effort - The New York Times,"President Obama’s   legacy looked on track, not long ago, to include a major push against America’s deeply entrenched housing segregation. In 2015, his administration rolled out a rule requiring local communities to assess their own patterns of racial and income segregation and make genuine plans to address them. The move followed years of debate and came as segregated cities like Baltimore and Chicago faced renewed bouts of racial unrest. The federal government, advocates hoped, was finally trying to repair a   promise of the 1968 Fair Housing Act. Now that rule is likely to be undermined  —   and possibly erased  —   by a Department of Housing and Urban Development headed by Ben Carson. On Monday,   Donald J. Trump officially offered the cabinet post to Mr. Carson, a neurosurgeon and a former presidential candidate, who grew up poor in Detroit but has no experience in housing policy. While we know little about what Mr. Carson would do at the agency, he has played down the role of government in his own     story. (“If you don’t succeed,” his mother taught him, according to his autobiography “Gifted Hands,” “you have only yourself to blame. ”) And he has specifically criticized the Obama housing rule. Known as “affirmatively furthering fair housing,” the rule has been politically contentious. Its backers argue that it is essential to remedying the long history of government and   discrimination that has resulted in poor, segregated neighborhoods persisting to this day. Critics say that the rule amounts to government overreach into the decisions  —   and demographic makeup  —   of individual communities and a free housing market. Republicans in Congress have tried to defund its implementation. Mr. Carson wrote last year that the new policy followed the government’s history of failed “mandated   schemes,” and would redirect   housing primarily into wealthy, white communities that oppose it. If he is confirmed by Congress, Mr. Carson would have wide latitude to shape or slow the rollout of the rule, along with broader enforcement of the Fair Housing Act. Diane Yentel, the president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition, said Mr. Carson’s interpretation of the rule as a social experiment “reveals a fundamental misunderstanding of obligations that have been around since 1968. ” The Fair Housing Act passed that year included two mandates: one banning discrimination in the housing market, and the other requiring local communities to “affirmatively further” the   goal of integration. The latter language means that it’s not enough to punish landlords or communities who intentionally deny minorities housing. Communities also have a responsibility to actively ensure open housing markets, which exist today neither in public housing clusters on Chicago’s segregated South Side nor in exclusive New York City suburbs that use zoning laws to outlaw multifamily housing. George Romney and Jack Kemp, past Republican HUD secretaries, acknowledged that second implication of the law. But for much of the time since the Fair Housing Act was passed, this “affirmative” mandate has been largely ignored by both local communities and HUD itself. The Obama administration rules were an effort to address that   oversight. And some   advocates have spent just as long fighting for it. Mr. Carson recently told Fox News that “we cannot have a strong nation if we have weak inner cities. ” “That is the very insight that motivated Senator Edward Brooke  —   another   Republican  —   to include a provision in the 1968 Fair Housing Act requiring cities, counties and states to ‘affirmatively further fair housing’ as a condition of receiving federal funding,” Michael Allen, a lawyer with the   law firm Relman, Dane  Colfax, wrote in an email. The Obama administration rule “looks nothing like the partisan caricatures that have sprung up around it,” said Phil Tegeler of the Poverty and Race Research Action Council. Many advocates wanted the rule to be much tougher than what emerged from several years of debate with local communities. In practice, the rule provides those communities with detailed data on factors like racial demographics, poverty rates, school quality and housing voucher use to help them determine whether   and minority families are isolated from good schools or segregated from opportunity. The rule requires communities to use that information to draft plans to reduce segregation where it exists. Those that habitually defy the requirements risk lose funding from the agency. The first round of communities scheduled to complete the process have been at work on assessments due over the coming year. Before they’re done, a new administration hostile to the idea could begin writing another rule that would reverse this one, or it could simply halt implementation. Or Congress could pass a law defunding it, even as it remains on the books. For all the years that went into shaping the rule, a new administration could relatively easily set it aside. That   would also fundamentally change the conversation in Washington about how poor, segregated communities came to exist in their current incarnation. Mr. Carson and other critics call efforts to dismantle them “social engineering,” but these places were created through policies that can themselves be labeled social engineering: redlining that denied blacks mortgages policies that concentrated public housing in poor, minority communities government decisions to locate highways that isolated them further. While many of these policies were first put into place decades ago, communities remain shaped by them today. The “affirmatively furthering” mandate was based on the idea that this history of active government intervention requires an active government remedy, too. A theme of Mr. Trump’s campaign was that structural forces hinder American workers in the Rust Belt and beyond (like the decline of manufacturing, the lack of educational opportunity, the opioid epidemic). At HUD, Mr. Carson would have ample opportunity to show whether he believes that structural forces undermine poor urban minorities (housing segregation, historic disinvestment, troubled schools)  —   and if government should take an active role in pursuing a remedy.",0
14112,Comments circulating about the Republican presidential candidate,"comments circulating about the Republican presidential candidate Interesting: Not what I thought it was going to be. This is an eye-opener my friends. Please Read all the way to the bottom and pass it on! ""He's been divorced and remarried. He can't commit to anything.""""He's dangerously ignorant about international affairs. The Russianleaders will walk all over him.""""He has no filter- doesn't think before he speaks.""""Until recently, he was a Democrat. He's not a real Republican. Hehasn't paid his GOP dues.""""He used to be Pro Choice. Now, suddenly he's Pro Life?""""That can't be his real hair!""""He's a loose cannon. No one wants HIS finger on the nuclearbutton.""""His opponent has the experience and political savvy to bepresident. He does not.""""His temperament disqualifies him from ever beingCommander-In-Chief.""""He's proven himself to be mentally unstable.""""The military will never accept him as Commander-In-Chief. He's notsmart enough.""""The GOP doesn't want him to be the head of the party. He could never reach across the aisle to get anything done.""""Most Republican voters will just stay home rather than go out andvote for him.""""Evangelicals will never support him.""""He says '(Lets) Make America Great Again'. How dare he say wearen't still great?""""His intellect is thinner than spit on a slate rock.""After all his gaffs, he doubles down on them instead of admittinghe made a mistake.""""He's threatening to upend our treaties and relationships with ourallies by demanding that they pay for their own defense!""""Because of his gross factual errors he might take rash action andneedlessly lead this country into open warfare!""""He's racist, xenophobic, and fuels the fires of hatred!""""The rising turnout of his voters are not loyal Republicans orDemocrats and are alienated from both parties because neither takes asympathetic view toward their issues. ""The fact that he could be deemed a serious candidate for presidentis a shame and embarrassment for the country.""Is he Safe? ...he shoots from the hip ... he's over his head ...What are his solutions?""Voters want to follow some authority figure, a leader who can takecharge with authority; return a sense of discipline to our government; and,manifest the willpower needed to get this country back on track -- Or atleast a leader from outside Washington."" ​",0
14113,Cleverer Schachzug: SPD schickt ebenfalls Angela Merkel als Kandidatin ins Rennen,"Dienstag, 22. November 2016 Cleverer Schachzug: SPD schickt ebenfalls Angela Merkel als Kandidatin ins Rennen Berlin (dpo) - Nur zwei Tage nach der Union hat nun auch die SPD ihre K-Frage geklärt. Wie heute bekannt wurde, wollen die Sozialdemokraten ebenfalls mit Angela Merkel als Kanzlerkandidatin zur Bundestagswahl 2017 antreten. Offenbar ist man in der Partei der Überzeugung, dass nur Angela Merkel die Sozialdemokraten siegreich durch den Wahlkampf führen kann. ""Wen sollen wir denn auch sonst aufstellen?"" so SPD-Generalsekretärin Katarina Barley auf Anfrage des Postillon. ""Sigmar Gabriel etwa? Andrea Nahles? Ich bitte Sie!"" Zudem zweifle ohnehin niemand daran, dass die Große Koalition auch nach 2017 bestehen bleiben wird. ""Wieso sollten wir da plötzlich auf Biegen und Brechen einen eigenen Kandidaten ins Rennen schicken und so tun, als wären wir anderer Meinung als die Union? Das kauft uns doch ohnehin keiner ab."" Beobachter begrüßen es, dass die SPD mit Angela Merkel erstmals in ihrer Geschichte eine Frau als Kandidaten für die Kanzlerschaft aufstellt. ""Hier werden die Sozialdemokraten wieder einmal ihrer Vorreiterrolle in Sachen gesellschaftlicher Fortschritt voll und ganz gerecht"", erklärt Politikwissenschaftler Uwe Laumann aus Rostock. ""Zudem hat Merkel als sozialdemokratische Spitzenkandidatin den Vorteil, dass im Falle eines SPD-Wahlsiehihihi- … entschuldigen Sie bitte, ich musste gerade selbst lachen. Vergessen Sie den letzten Punkt einfach."" Spannend dürfte es bei den TV-Duellen vor der Wahl werden, wenn Angela Merkel mit sich selbst wichtige grundsatzpolitische Fragen ausdiskutiert. Es ist davon auszugehen, dass Merkel versuchen wird, sich selbst mit ihrer betont ruhigen Art aus der Reserve zu locken und einen Wutausbruch zu provozieren. fed, dan, ssi; Foto: Armin Linnartz , CC BY-SA 3.0 Artikel teilen:",0
14114,Philly: Black Judge Says Whites Deserve Black Violence,"Sounds like the Honorable Judge stepped in some Richard Pryor, no? 
That Judge be all crazy and... October 28, 2016 
The feminists agree. 
And so do the media and Hillary Clinton who will appoint Zio-judges that will open the prisons (as is being done in California) and refuse to convict blacks that have committed crimes against Whites because of...slavery, oppression, racism, etc.",0
14115,The Possible Identity of the 3 Ribs,"The Possible Identity of the 3 Ribs Bones of Contention 
Daniel 7 foretells a nation that will be on the earth just prior to the Second Coming of Jesus Christ, symbolized as a bear (Russia) with three ribs in its mouth. We will discuss the possible identity of the three ribs on today’s edition of End of the Age! Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
14116,"Dennis Byrd, Former Jets Player, Is Killed in Car Crash in Oklahoma - The New York Times","Dennis Byrd, a former Jets defensive lineman who made an inspiring recovery from paralysis after a   neck injury in 1992, died on Saturday in a   crash near Claremore, Okla. officials said. Byrd was 50. A    boy driving a sport utility vehicle north on Oklahoma Highway 88 veered into the oncoming lane about 11:15 a. m. striking an S. U. V. driven by Byrd, who was pronounced dead at the scene, the Oklahoma Highway Patrol said. The boy was taken to Saint Francis Hospital in Tulsa, Okla. where officials said he was in stable condition. A    boy was also injured in the crash. Against the Chiefs, on Nov. 29, 1992, Byrd and a teammate, Scott Mersereau, collided while chasing Kansas City quarterback Dave Krieg. Byrd broke a bone in his spine and could not move his lower body. “An eerie silence gripped the stadium as Jets doctors and trainers attended to Byrd for seven minutes,” according to a New York Times article about the game. “Hopes were raised when Byrd moved his left arm. A few of his teammates drifted over to talk to him and hold his hand, then slowly they began to realize just how seriously injured he was. ” Three days after Byrd was injured, he underwent a   operation at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan to stabilize his spine. Doctors thought it could take two years to determine whether he would be able to regain use of the lower half of his body, although they were already encouraged that Byrd had been able to flex his ankles and move some toes. By the end of January 1993, Byrd had made extensive progress in a therapy program at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan. Weeks later, using crutches, he appeared for an emotional news conference to mark the end of his rehabilitation program at the hospital. The story of Byrd’s recovery was told in an autobiography, “Rise and Walk: The Trial and Triumph of Dennis Byrd,” and a television movie in 1994. Byrd was born Oct. 5, 1966, in Oklahoma City, and he played for the University of Tulsa before the Jets drafted him in the second round in 1989. Derrick Gragg, the university’s vice president and director of athletics, said in a statement that Byrd “exemplified true determination, tremendous heart and humility throughout his life. ” “He overcame great personal adversity after a   injury on the football field,” Gragg added. “We know that Dennis touched numerous lives and will be missed by many. ” Byrd became a motivational speaker and traveled across the country, sharing his life story, writing hundreds of letters a year and spending time with others who had neck and   injuries. The Jets presented him with an award as the team’s most inspirational player of 1992, and they have given the Dennis Byrd Award to the most inspirational Jet every year since. In 2010, Byrd sent Rex Ryan, then the Jets’ head coach, the No. 90 jersey that had been ripped from his torso after he was injured. In 2012, Byrd became the fifth player in the franchise’s history to have his number retired. Byrd lived in Talala, Okla. about 40 miles northeast of Tulsa, with his wife, Angela, and their four children, according to the Jets’ website. The website quoted Byrd as having said: “Football has always been, for me, a cornerpost of strength and a way to accomplish things in life, whether it’s on the field or just in maintaining a quality of life. All those lessons  —   dedication, perseverance, teamwork  —   they all dovetail nicely into living a blessed life. ”",0
14117,Pollster Sees No Early Impact From Comey Clinton FBI Email Letter In Swing States,"A pollster who is in the field in two swing states is reporting that he is seeing no early impact from the FBI reviewing new emails in the Hillary Clinton investigation in two swing states. 
Geoff Garin of Hart Research tweeted from the field: Still early, but I was in the field in two states last night and saw absolutely no impact from the reporting on the Comey letter. 
— Geoff Garin (@geoffgarin) October 29, 2016 
It is still early, but if this were the election shifting news that Republicans were hoping for the impact would have been immediate. The reality is that if the public opinion polls tighten in the final days of the campaign, it will be because Republicans are coming back to Trump. 
There are few undecided voters in this election, and even if all the Republican base come home to Trump, it won’t be enough for Trump to win, because he is losing where the presidential election is really held. Trump is getting crushed at the state level. 
Republicans have been trying to build Hillary Clinton’s emails into a story for years, and they have failed at every turn. 
Hillary Clinton led the election while under Congressional investigation. Hillary Clinton led the election while under FBI investigation. Hillary Clinton is leading the election today. The message that Republicans and the media don’t want to hear is that voters are sick of the emails, and they don’t care. 
Voters are smarter than Republicans and the press give them credit for. The Hillary Clinton email scandal has never broken out of the right wing bubble because there is no evidence that Clinton did anything wrong. 
If the polls tighten a little, this will be the best news in the world for Hillary Clinton and Democrats, because it will destroy any potential for Democratic complacency and get their voters out and to the polls. 
What Geoff Garin witnessed is probably going to end up being very accurate. James Comey’s letter to Congress is unlikely to move swing states and change the outcome of the presidential election.",0
14118,Televisión: lo más visto ayer,"TVE 
La 1 de Televisión Española repitió ayer como cadena más vista. Sin duda, el traslado de Los desayunos de La 1 a las 22:00 fue todo un éxito. El interés periodístico de ver a su primer invitado, Albert Rivera, bebiendo café y no un whisky cola a esas horas de la noche proporcionó al programa un excelente 24% de share. 
El segundo puesto del podio de los dioses del olimpo televisivo lo consiguió La Sexta con la emisión del vídeo de las vacaciones en Lanzarote de Antonio García Ferreras y Ana Pastor. El minuto de oro fue la emotiva sorpresa que Pastor le dio a su marido: en el hotel había buffet libre. Sin embargo, el momento que pasará a la Historia de la televisión fue la visita al Loro Park de Lanzarote, donde la periodista interrumpía constantemente a los loros. 
Telecinco obtuvo unos datos algo más discretos con una edición especial de Pasapalabra con Javier Cárdenas y Rosa de España como invitados. Ninguno de ellos consiguió el bote. O sí. La dirección del concurso aún sigue intentando descifrar las respuestas de ambas celebridades. 
Peor audiencia consiguió Antena 3 con Tu Cara Me Suena . El de ayer fue un programa dedicado a las imitaciones políticas. A pesar de que Juan Muñoz ganó la gala imitando a Pedro Sánchez, la concursante Yolanda Ramos (caracterizada de Susana Díaz) impugnó las votaciones y creó una gestora con uno que cantaba en Auryn y Esther Arroyo. Mientras no se solucione el embrollo, el líder del programa será un foco del plató. 
Entre las opciones menos atractivas para el público encontramos la propuesta de Cuatro, que ayer emitió la película Ñ-Men , la versión española de una conocida película de súper héroes. El protagonista de uñas afiladas, Torrezno, al que de joven picó una tapa de bar radioactiva, no consiguió la atención del espectador. 
Sorprendentemente, La 2 fue la última opción para los españoles. La nueva versión de La Misa de La 2 no convenció. El formato ha sido modernizado, pero quizá el espectador habitual no está acostumbrado al formato “late”. La entrevista con El Cigala hablando de las escrituras apócrifas fue interesante. El momento más divertido fue la aparición del personaje creado por Silvia Abril, La Niña de Yahvé. 
Las autonómicas no vivieron su mejor noche. TV3 emitió el documental Independence Day , en el que Will Smith recuerda los hechos de 1714, cuando las tropas españolas enviaron naves espaciales para conquistar Barcelona. 
El reality de TVG Percebe busca percebeira y el informativo económico de Canal Sur Chirigota News marcaron su mínimo histórico de esta temporada.",0
14119,BOMSBHELL: The Clintons’ Fixer PROVES That Hillary’s Secret Affair Ended In The MURDER Of Her Lover,"Ads BOMSBHELL: The Clintons’ Fixer PROVES That Hillary’s Secret Affair Ended In The MURDER Of Her Lover Oct 28, 2016 Previous post Next post 
Hillary and Bill Clinton have had a sort of “fixer” for the Clinton’s that paid to make problematic issues disappear for the Clintons. He has finally decided to come forward and break silence on his experience, but for the some reason the Clinton’s have refused to deny a thing that he says. Even more shocking is when you take a closer look at Hillary’s ex-lover, it appears that he was shot in the head and Hillary’s odd behavior is having many claim murder. 
Many of those paying close attention to the Clintons’ suspicious dealings and sketchy behavior over the years have long since thought that longtime ally and lawyer Vince Foster was indeed having an affair with the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Well, Clinton’s fixer, Jeff Rovin, just confirmed these suspicions. 
Rovin admitted to Sean Hannity, on the record, that Hillary Clinton and Foster had indeed been having an affair for many years. 
This is especially interesting when we analyze the questionable circumstances of Foster’s death that was ruled as a suicide. Foster died of a gunshot wound to the head and a great deal of people who have analyzed the facts strongly believe that it was not a suicide at all, but rather murder. 
Rovin proceeded to run down this road without intending to when he described Hillary’s reaction to Foster’s death: 
He [Rovin] claimed to have helped scrub the office of Vince Foster to snatch documents related to the Whitewater scandal and covered up an alleged affair between Hillary and Foster. But Rovin told Hannity he was tasked with distracting the media while Hillary’s crew rummaged through Foster’s office. He also called the Hillary-Foster affair “pretty much an open secret.” 
It just seems too close to be coincidence. Miguel Rodriguez, the lead prosecutor in the case submitted a 2-page resignation",0
14121,"‘Tolerant’ Liberals Show Nothing But Contempt, Hatred Toward Nation’s Only Black Supreme Court Justice","Pinterest 
It’s been a quarter-century since Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas made history by becoming only the second black judge ever to serve on the nation’s highest court. 
But you won’t see celebrations, recognition, or even acknowledgement of this feat – in fact, the “Thomas-derangement,” as The Daily Caller calls it, has not abated one bit. 
This despite the fact that the impact Thomas has had is unequaled. Thomas is one of the nation’s most influential lawmakers and has admirers from all legal corners. 
Yet, he is ridiculed, belittled, and assaulted with the type of disgusting comments usually reserved for common criminals and deviants. 
Writing in The New York Times , Maureen Dowd referred to the Justice as “the creepy guy who acted pervy toward [Anita Hill] and won. 
This barrage of insults is not just among his legal and intellectual peers, either. Thomas has been completely wiped clean from any mention in the new Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. 
His accuser Anita Hill, however, is given prominent display. The exhibit features testimonies trumpeting her courage and the surge of women’s activism that ensued, while making only peripheral reference to Thomas. 
Despite these slights, Thomas continues to speak out. At a speech at the Heritage Foundation, the justice warned that we are “destroying our institutions.” 
“At some point, we are going to have to recognize that we are destroying our institutions,” he said, acknowledging that the Court might also partially be at fault. “What have we done to gain their confidence?” he asked. “Perhaps we should ask ourselves what we have done to not earn it or to earn it.” 
The court’s lone African-American justice also defended his view that even prior Supreme Court precedents must be bent or broken to comply with the Constitution — something most of his colleagues don’t believe. 
“You’ve got lots of precedents out there that have been changed,” Thomas said. “I believe we are obligated to rethink things constantly.” 
Thomas ended with some positive words about former Justice Antonin Scalia, who he affectionately referred to as “Nino.” 
The court has become evenly divided between liberals and conservatives, a change that could become even more pronounced if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency and controls who will replace Scalia. But Thomas chose to dwell more on his friendship with “Nino” than ponder the future without him. 
“He was from the north, and I was from the south, but we wound up at the same place,” he said, referring to their views on the paramount importance of the Constitution and individual freedoms. Scalia, he said, fretted over big principles as well as smaller things such as punctuation and syntax.",0
14122,"‘S.N.L.’ Goes After Trump Again, With Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer - The New York Times","The diplomatic travails of President Trump and his past Twitter fixation with Kristen Stewart provided plenty of fodder for “Saturday Night Live” this weekend. But a sketch lampooning Sean M. Spicer, the White House press secretary, in which he was impersonated by Melissa McCarthy, the comic actress and a surprise guest star, stole the show as “S. N. L. ” continued to take swings at a president who delights in hitting back. In the show’s cold open, Alec Baldwin returned for another outing as Mr. Trump, phoning up other world leaders under the guidance of chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon (actually an “S. N. L. ” cast member dressed as the Grim Reaper). As Mr. Trump, Mr. Baldwin first called Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia (Beck Bennett) who reminded him that President Barack Obama promised to receive 1, 200 refugees held in detention in Australia. “No refugees,” Mr. Baldwin said hastily. “America first, Australia sucks. Your reef is failing. Prepare to go to war. ” He went on to call President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico (“Guy who’s going to pay for the wall says what? ”) Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany (“I’m going to write a memoir about this struggle, and call it ‘My Struggle’  —   what would that be in German? ”) and President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe. Mr. Mugabe (Kenan Thompson) was not impressed or intimidated: “I will rip out your spine and drink from your skull,” he told Mr. Baldwin. In her opening monologue, Ms. Stewart, the show’s host, recalled a period in 2012 when Mr. Trump posted several tweets about the relationship she had with her “Twilight”   Robert Pattinson. (In one tweet Mr. Trump wrote that Ms. Stewart “cheated on him like a dog  will do it again,” and in another he invited Mr. Pattinson to attend the Miss Universe pageant.) “To be fair,” Ms. Stewart said, “I don’t think Donald Trump hated me. I think he’s in love with my boyfriend. ” She added, “The president is not a huge fan of me. But that is so O. K. And Donald, if you didn’t like me then, you’re really probably not going to like me now. Because I’m hosting S. N. L. and I’m, like, so gay, dude. ” Still, the night belonged to Ms. McCarthy, the star of “Bridesmaids” and “Ghostbusters,” who came out in thinning blond hair and an   suit to play an aggressive,   version of Mr. Spicer as he led a daily White House press briefing. “I know that myself and the press have gotten off to a rocky start,” she said, starting off the session. “When I say rocky start, I mean it in the sense of ‘Rocky,’ the movie, because I came out here to punch you in the face. And also I don’t talk so good. ” As Mr. Spicer, Ms. McCarthy then told the press corps she would be “apologizing, on behalf of you, to me, for how you have treated me these last two weeks. ” “And that apology is not accepted,” she added. Discussing Mr. Trump’s recent announcement that he would nominate Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Ms. McCarthy said, “The crowd greeted him with a standing ovation, which lasted a full 15 minutes. And you can check the tape on that. Everyone was smiling. Everyone was happy. The men all had erections, and every single one of the women was ovulating left and right. And no one, no one was sad. Those are the facts forever. ” An addled Ms. McCarthy then read her own email password, and tangled with a New York Times reporter (played by Bobby Moynihan) who asked why Mr. Trump did or did not use the word “ban” when describing his executive order prohibiting travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. “You just said that,” she told the reporter. “He’s quoting you. It’s your words. He’s using your words, when you use the words and he uses them back, it’s circular using of the word and that’s from you. ” When a Wall Street Journal reporter simply asked, “Are you O. K.?” Ms. McCarthy charged at her with her podium and threatened, “I will put you in the corner with CNN. ” (The screen then showed a CNN reporter in a cage.) Mr. Trump has posted complaints and criticisms of “Saturday Night Live” on his Twitter account over the past several months, though he has not weighed in on the show in the weeks since his inauguration. (Nor, as of this writing, has Mr. Spicer.) Mr. Baldwin, whose impression of Mr. Trump has often been a target of the president’s ire, is scheduled to host “S. N. L. ” next Saturday, Feb. 11.",0
14123,US Election Race : The Huma Abedin Connection (8-minute video),"November 5, 2016 at 1:20 am 
You know…. 
What amazes me, is that some Australian, can put a video up on YouTube, letting the world know that a woman, the next president’s right hand, is a Jihadi Muslim, hellbent on installing Sharia and wanting to see the end of western civilization, describing her life, her connections and very dangerous people and yet, the CIA & FBI, who are paid billions each year, can’t seem to find out the same? What does this tell me? Well, for starters, it doesn’t tell me that the FBI, CIA, NSA and goodness knows how many other Acronyms, supposedly defending America, are stupid and incompetent, on the contrary, quite the opposite. It tells me that the security services, are working in tandem with those who wish to destroy western civilization and have been lying to you from day one on everything. It’s somewhat amazing, when one thinks that your average American, who steals a bar of chocolate, out of a store, can be banged up for life in prison, if it’s their third offence and yet people like Clinton and Abedin, responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands and the barbaric murder of a foreign leader, not forgetting working with people who are no doubt planning the subjugation of the west, under Wahabism, are simply ignored by those, who are paid by taxpayers to not allow this to happen. 
When are people going to wake up? Government IS and ALWAYS has been corrupt and nothing but a den of psychopathic prostitutes, who do the work of the highest bidder. The only way that the western people will ever rid themselves of these demons and of course their Jewish masters, it to smash the system completely and live under an anarchy, where the Jew, WILL NOT be able to build a complex security establishment to protect them. Off with their heads, the whole, damn, lot of them quite frankly. There no use to anyone and waste the oxygen they breathe.",0
14124,"Wagenknecht; We do not defend Germany in Mali, Afghanistan or Syria","November 21, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 
- Berliner Morgenpost , the complete interview, translated by Tom Winter -   


In Merzig. Sahra Wagenknecht loves the idyllic nature of Saarland. ""This is the opposite to hectic Berlin, ideal for relaxing,"" she says. With Oskar Lafontaine, her husband, she often gets on her bike. ""When we have time, we bicycle a good 100 kilometers a day."" 
Merzig, a small town on the border with France, has become the new home of the 47-year-old, who was born in Jena, has her constituency in Düsseldorf, and leads the left-wing fraction in the Bundestag. In a café at the town hall, Wagenknecht sketched out her goals for the election year. 
--- Ms Wagenknecht, you and your co-chairman Dietmar Bartsch were for a long time like Tom and Jerry. Could you be a successful candidate for the Bundestag election? 

Sahra Wagenknecht: We have been successfully running the Bundestag campaign for more than a year now. The Left is now highr in all surveys than in 2013, despite the strength of the AfD. The climate in the faction has also improved. There is a relationship of trust between Dietmar Bartsch and myself, we work well together. This is the prerequisite for a successful election campaign. 

What is the purpose of the Linkspartei? 

Wagenknecht: My wish for the Bundestag election is a clear signal that the same-old same-old of the grand coalition will be voted out and the social question finally comes to the agenda. For years inequality has grown in Germany, many people can no longer live by their labor,and more and more the elderly are humiliated with poverty. 

But voting AfD doesn't change this, because AfD also advocates a weak social state and privatization. A good double-digit result for the left would put the other parties, especially the SPD, under pressure to finally take care of the social interests of the majority. 

You again rely on tax increases. What must happen before the Left thinks about the relief of citizens and businesses? 

Wagenknecht: We demand tax reductions for the majority, namely middle-income and low-income earners. It is scandalous that an income tax rate of 24 percent will be payable from an income of 1140 Euro, while companies like Apple, Amazon or Starbucks in Europe will be hit with tax rates of 0.005 percent. 

It is perfectly understandable that people feel they're over a barrel by such a policy. We want the large companies and super-rich people to pay appropriate taxes. We demand, among other things, a millionaires' tax and the regular taxation of large inheritances. 

""SPD has been making policies against its own voters for years"" 

In the polls, even enough a red-green-green triple bundle won't go. What power perspective do you see? 

Wagenknecht: It's not enough because the SPD has been doing politicies against its own voters for years. Why should workers and retirees choose a party that has created a huge low wage sector and destroyed the statutory pension. Sigmar Gabriel has recently fought like a lion for the CTE Group Protection Agreement. In the inheritance tax, he was undisturbed by Horst Seehofer. As long as the SPD does not signal that it wants something else than a more-of-the-same, the voters are running away. 

Under what conditions would you be willing to co-ordinate with the SPD and Greens? 

Wagenknecht: The basic direction of politics must change: the SPD and the Greens have been part of the inglorious party cartel that has destroyed the welfare state. We want to restore the welfare state. We do not need a Riester-Schwachsinn, which makes only the financial industry rich, but a sufficient legal pension. Everyone must pay for this, including self-employed persons, civil servants and politicians. 

We need decent unemployment insurance again. In addition, the bargaining with temps and out-contracting has to end. In foreign policy, Germany should return to the tradition of a back-off policy ... 

... by which you mean? 

Wagenknecht: Balancing interests instead of escalating conflicts through rearmament and war. The so-called war against terror did not make this world more peaceful, instead it ultimately strengthened terrorism - and brought it to Germany. Taking the Bundeswehr out of Afghanistan and Syria would be the best thing we could do for our security.  

It doesn't sound like you're going to govern. 

Wagenknecht: What? For more than 40 years, the Federal Republic did well to keep its soldiers home. For Willy Brandt war was the ""ultima irratio,"" thus no road for politics. If the SPD today characgerizes such positions as ""non-governmental,"" this is a sad testimony to their own decline. 

""Germany is not defended in Afghanistan"" 

Should the termination of all foreign operations of the Bundeswehr be agreed upon before signing a coalition agreement? 

Wagenknecht: If we help poor countries after catastrophes, drill wells, or build schools, this is welcome. But it does not call for a Bundeswehr. The Technical Aid Organization, better equipped, would suffice. The Left will never support the military effort of the Bundeswehr. They are also contrary to the Basic Law. The task of the Bundeswehr is to defend Germany. Germany is not defended either in Mali, Afghanistan, or Syria. 

Would Sigmar Gabriel as an SPD chancellor candidate be an argument for or rather against red-red-green?   

Wagenknecht: If I were a leading SPD politician, I would give a thought to the result of the US election. The Democrats hindered the left-profiled Bernie Sanders, only to suffer with an unbelievable Hillary Clinton shipwreck. Clinton stood for arbitrariness, venality, and indifference to the social division of the country. Many have chosen Trump because they wanted to deselect this more-of-the-same. I think the SPD should take this seriously. 

Who is the SPD's Bernie Sanders? 

Wagenknecht: Well. If Mr. Gabriel, keep looking! In a large party like the SPD, there must be genuine Social Democrats who are credible in the eyes of voters. Sigmar Gabriel, on the other hand, stands for the politics since the turn of the millennium, that is, for the SPD aligning itself with the economically powerful - leaving its traditional voters in the lurch. 

Some utterances from the Linkspartei sound as if they came from the AfD. Do you want to recapture the voters who have migrated to the right-wing populists? 

Wagenknecht: Of course, we want to win every voter who is angry and angry about the growing injustices. The fact that the AfD has reached such voters at all is only because it pretends to be committed to their social interests. But if you look at the program of the AfD, it sounds more like the economic wing of the CDU / CSU or the FDP. Merkel has handed the AfD many voters through her haphazard refugee policy. It would be irresponsible to deal with it. 

You yourself said after the New Year's Eve events at Cologne's main station: ""Whoever abuses his rights as a guest forfeits them."" That could also come from the AfD chairman Petry   

...Wagenknecht: ... or from politicians of the SPD and the CDU / CSU, all of whom have also said it. I have not repeated this sentence because it's been misunderstood. But the claim, that all who live in Germany - refugees and natives - must accept the local rules and laws, is not AfD, but reason. 




     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
14125,Why Palestinians want to sue Britain: 99 years since the Balfour Declaration,"Why Palestinians want to sue Britain: 99 years since the Balfour Declaration By Ramzy Baroud Posted on November 4, 2016 by Ramzy Baroud 
Last July, the Palestinian Authority took the unexpected, although belated step of seeking Arab backing in suing Britain over the Balfour Declaration. That ‘declaration’ was the first ever explicit commitment made by Britain, and the West in general, to establish a Jewish homeland atop an existing Palestinian homeland. 
It is too early to tell whether the Arab League would heed the Palestinian call , or if the PA would even follow through, especially considering that the latter has the habit of making too many proclamations backed by little or no action. 
However, it seems that the next year will witness a significant tug of war regarding the Balfour Declaration, the 100 th anniversary of which will be commemorated on November 02, 2017. 
But who is Balfour, what is the Balfour Declaration and why does all of this matters today? 
Britain’s Foreign Secretary from late 1916, Arthur James Balfour, had pledged Palestine to another people. That promise was made on November 02, 1917, on behalf of the British government in the form of a letter sent to the leader of the Jewish community in Britain, Walter Rothschild. 
At the time, Britain was not even in control of Palestine, which was still part of the Ottoman Empire. Either way, Palestine was never Balfour’s to so casually transfer to anyone else. His letter read: 
“His Majesty’s government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country.” 
He concluded, “I should be grateful if you would bring this declaration to the knowledge of the Zionist Federation.” 
Balfour was hardly acting on his own. True, the Declaration bears his name, yet, in reality, he was a loyal agent of an Empire with massive geopolitical designs, not only concerning Palestine alone, but with Palestine as part of a larger Arab landscape. 
Only a year earlier, another sinister document was introduced, albeit secretly. It was endorsed by another top British diplomat, Mark Sykes and, on behalf of France, by François Georges-Picot. The Russians were informed of the agreement, as they too had received a piece of the Ottoman cake. 
The document indicated that, once the Ottomans were soundly defeated, their territories, including Palestine, would be split among the prospective victorious parties. 
The Sykes-Picot Agreement , also known as the ‘Asia Minor Agreement,’ was signed in secret one hundred years ago, two years into World War I. It signified the brutal nature of colonial powers that rarely associated land and resources with people who lived upon or owned them. 
The centerpiece of the agreement was a map that was marked with straight lines by a China graph pencil. The map largely determined the fate of the Arabs, dividing them in accordance with various haphazard assumptions of tribal and sectarian lines. 
The improvised map consisted not only of lines but also colors , along with language that attested to the fact that the two countries viewed the Arab region purely on materialistic terms, without paying the slightest attention to the possible repercussions of slicing up entire civilizations with a multifarious history of co-operation and conflict. 
Palestinians rebelled , marking a rebellion that has never ceased 99 years later, and highlighting the horrific consequences of British colonialism and the eventual complete Zionist takeover of Palestine which is still felt after all of these years. 
Paltry attempts to pacify Palestinian anger were to no avail, especially after the League of Nations Council in July 1922 approved the terms of the British Mandate over Palestine—which was originally granted to Britain in April 1920—without consulting the Palestinians at all. In fact, Palestinians would disappear from the British and international radar, only to reappear as negligible rioters, troublemakers, and obstacles to the joint British-Zionist colonial concoctions. 
Despite occasional assurances to the contrary, the British intention of ensuring the establishment of an exclusively Jewish state in Palestine was becoming clearer with time. The Balfour Declaration was not merely an aberration, but had, indeed, set the stage for the that followed, three decades later. 
In fact, that history remains in constant replay: the Zionists claimed Palestine and renamed it ‘Israel’; the British continue to support them, although never ceasing to pay lip-service to the Arabs; and the Palestinian people remain a nation that is geographically fragmented between refugee camps, in the diaspora, militarily occupied, or treated as second class citizens in a country upon which their ancestors dwelt since time immemorial. 
While Balfour cannot be blamed for all the misfortunes that have befallen Palestinians since he communicated his brief but infamous letter, the notion that his ‘promise’ embodied complete disregard of the aspirations and rights of the Palestinian Arab people—that very letter is handed from one generation of British diplomats to the next, in the same way that Palestinian resistance to colonialism has and continues to spread across generations. 
That injustice continues, thus the perpetuation of the conflict. What the British, the early Zionists, the Americans and subsequent Israeli governments failed to understand, and continue to ignore at their own peril, is that there can be no peace without justice and equality in Palestine; and that Palestinians will continue to resist, as long as the reasons that inspired their rebellion nearly a century ago remain in place. 
Dr. Ramzy Baroud has been writing about the Middle East for over 20 years. He is an internationally-syndicated columnist, a media consultant, an author of several books and the founder of PalestineChronicle.com. His books include “Searching Jenin,” “The Second Palestinian Intifada” and his latest “My Father Was a Freedom Fighter: Gaza’s Untold Story.” His website is . . Bookmark the permalink .",0
14126,Syria Is Calmer but Cautious as Cease-Fire Begins - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   A   in the Syrian civil war, negotiated by Russia and the United States, officially took effect at sundown on Monday after a weekend of intensified fighting and a vow by Syria’s president to retake the entire country. Despite pessimism over how long the   would last, calm was widely reported after it took effect at 7 p. m. local time, but there were a few notable exceptions. Less than an hour into the truce, residents in the divided northern city of Aleppo said via text message that a government helicopter had dropped explosive cylinders on a   district. And in the southern province of Dara’a, a rebel faction said in a statement that it had killed four government soldiers. By midnight, opposition factions had reported 10 violations by government forces. There have been extensive doubts expressed among many entangled in the conflict that the   timed to coincide with the start of the Muslim holiday Eid   will be respected. Under the terms, if violence is significantly reduced for seven days, the United States and Russia will collaborate on new airstrikes against jihadist militants in Syria, and the Syrian Air Force will be barred from flying over   areas. The United States supports an alliance of rebel groups, and Russia supports President Bashar  . But both countries share an antipathy for Islamic State and Nusra Front fighters who have seized parts of Syria and made it a magnet for jihadists. Under the   deal, during an initial period, all attacks are to stop except Syrian government attacks on those two jihadist groups. But the public does not know what the United States and Russia have defined as those groups’ territories  —   the opposition has little trust in the Syrian government or Russia, which have often applied those labels to all of Mr. Assad’s opponents. And government supporters doubt that the opposition groups will distance themselves from the extremists, as the Americans have promised. There was also new confusion in the early hours of the  : Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States would be able to approve Syrian government strikes, but the State Department reversed those comments less than two hours later. Mr. Assad used the hours before the   to promise victory in his country’s    civil war, punctuating his pledge by visiting a Damascus suburb that rebels surrendered last month. Mr. Assad’s visit to the suburb, Daraya, which had long been held by opposition fighters who want him deposed, was prominently reported by state television and other government news media. The loss of Daraya, which once symbolized rebel defiance in the face of encirclement and relentless bombing attacks, reflected Mr. Assad’s strengthened position in the conflict since Russia intervened to help him a year ago. An agreement on the   was reached late Friday in Geneva by Russian and American diplomats, who have been struggling to find a way to reduce violence in the increasingly complex conflict so that food and medicine can reach civilians. The agreement contains many caveats and unenforceable provisions. Skepticism about its effectiveness runs deepest among the array of   Syrian opposition groups, which fear that Mr. Assad is now even more entrenched in power. Obama administration officials have also expressed doubts that it will work. The White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, said on Monday that the success of the agreement “places a lot of pressure on Russia to deliver. ” “Based on our collective experience here on observing the situation,” Mr. Earnest said, “I think we have some reasons to be skeptical that the Russians are able or are willing to implement the arrangement consistent with the way it’s been described. ” “But,” he added, “we’ll see. ” The   is the second negotiated this year by Russia and the United States. The first, reached in February, collapsed within weeks. Mr. Kerry, who finished the   negotiation in Geneva with Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, said some breaches would not surprise him. “For all the doubts that remain  —   and there will be challenges in the days to come  —   this plan has a chance to work,” Mr. Kerry said in Washington, describing it as possibly “the last chance that one has to save a united Syria. ” A group of 21 rebel groups issued a statement listing deep reservations about and criticisms of the   deal, but stopping short of rejecting it. Even if the accord reduces the killing in Syria, where by some estimates a   people have died since the conflict began in 2011, the prognosis for peace and reconciliation is unclear, Western political analysts said. “This accord may well save lives, and it’s a gain if for that reason only,” Cliff Kupchan, the chairman of the Eurasia Group, a political risk consulting firm in Washington, said in an email. “But in the end, it’s not likely to have meaningful impact for more than a limited period, or to   a serious political track. ” Mr. Assad said nothing about the agreement during his appearance in Daraya reported by Syrian news media, which showed him praying at a mosque, walking with an entourage of aides past bombed buildings and driving his own silver sport utility vehicle. “The Syrian state is determined to recover every area from the terrorists,” Mr. Assad said, using his blanket terminology for all supporters of the insurgency. There was no sign that combatants were putting down their weapons before the  . Nearly 100 people were reported killed in attacks on   areas around the country on Saturday and Sunday, according to tallies by medical workers, rescuers and monitoring groups.",0
14127,Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era - The New York Times,"A couple of weeks ago, people boycotted Nordstrom for one reason: The department store sold Ivanka Trump products. Now people are boycotting Nordstrom for another reason: The store said it would not sell her products. These days, a shirt is not always just a shirt, and a store is not always just a store. Handbags, dresses and other ordinary items  —   and where they are bought  —   have become politicized, turning shopping decisions into acts of protest for the millions of people in   and   Trump camps. Under Armour, L. L. Bean, T. J. Maxx and many other companies have already been pulled into a sort of ideological tug of war. But perhaps no retailer has been in the hot seat like Nordstrom. The “boycott Nordstrom” movement instantly changed political direction after the department store scrubbed Ms. Trump’s name from its site last week. Thousands of people lashed out at the retailer online. Even President Trump himself posted on Twitter that his daughter had been treated “unfairly. ” The sharp reaction before and after Nordstrom’s decision  —   made quietly, with no announcement  —   highlights the tightrope companies must walk in this   environment. “Companies are nervous,” said Andrew Gilman, chief executive of the crisis communications firm CommCore Consulting Group. “I know several companies that have war rooms set up. ” “They have playbooks on what to do if there is a product recall or if the C. E. O. has a heart attack,” he added. “Now they have a different chapter on how to deal with a tweet from the president. ” Many retailers and brands would clearly prefer to fly below the political radar and stay away from the outrage on Twitter and Facebook. Calls or emails sent to a   of the country’s largest department stores about how they are handling Ms. Trump’s products, for example, resulted in either no comment or carefully neutral statements. None of the stores agreed to discuss how they made decisions around Ms. Trump’s merchandise or details about sales of the products. But many of these companies  —   like L. L. Bean and Macy’s  —   still find themselves in the eye of a social media storm. So, too, does the Ivanka Trump brand. “In recent days, we’ve seen our brand swept into the political fray, becoming collateral damage in others’ efforts to advance agendas unrelated to what we do, which is produce accessible,   products for our loyal customers,” the brand said in a statement. The   maker Under Armour also encountered the perils this week, when its chief executive, Kevin Plank, called Mr. Trump a “real asset” for the country. Within hours, the hashtag #boycottunderarmour emerged on social media. Under Armour moved quickly to contain the damage, clarifying Mr. Plank’s remarks by saying he supported Mr. Trump’s business policies, not his social viewpoints. It is unclear how much the boycotts and activism are shaping businesses’ financial results, especially at big department stores, which are battling weak sales across the board. The Ivanka Trump brand said it had experienced “  growth” in revenue last year, and planned to continue expanding its offerings and distribution in 2017. Consumer companies, more broadly, have long faced campaigns against their products for political, social or environmental reasons. There have been boycotts over the use of sweatshop labor, dangerous chemicals and even microbeads. But now, companies are dealing with even more intense pressure, as they have become targets in a politically charged environment fueled by social media. After Nordstrom pulled Ms. Trump’s products, many people opposed to Mr. Trump cheered the decision. But Josh Cornett, a    Trump supporter in Cleveland, was quick to tell his 25, 000 followers not to shop at the department store. “All you have to do is write out a sentence, and you’re done,” he said. “Anything that helps him, I try to promote,” he said, referring to Mr. Trump. “And anyone who attacks him, I try to defend. ” Nordstrom said that Ms. Trump’s products were simply not selling well, and that remaining inventory would still be available in some physical stores. But that has not stopped people like Mr. Cornett from viewing the decision through a political lens, and asserting that the company took a stand. “Companies are now being swept up into this political consumer activism in a way that they have not been in the past,” said Maurice Schweitzer, a professor of operations, information and decisions at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Nordstrom is one of more than a dozen other retailers that have found themselves in the cross hairs of Grab Your Wallet, an online campaign to boycott companies associated with the Trump brand. The movement has also protested brands that donated to Mr. Trump’s campaign or advertised on “The New Celebrity Apprentice,” on which he is credited as an executive producer. Some major companies, including Macy’s, the country’s largest department store, still sell Ms. Trump’s shoes, handbags and clothes. Those companies remain on Grab Your Wallet’s list. Macy’s did not respond to multiple requests for comment. But many companies that are on the   list argue they have not picked a side and should not be there. For instance, in the days before his inauguration, Mr. Trump tweeted his thanks for the support of an L. L. Bean heir and encouraged consumers to buy products from the merchandiser. Soon, the company, based in Maine, was the focus of the Grab Your Wallet campaign. In a statement also posted on social media and elsewhere, L. L. Bean urged the campaign to reverse its position, explaining that the Trump supporter, Linda Bean, was one of more than 50 family members involved in the business. It added that L. L. Bean did not endorse political candidates or take positions on political matters. “Simply put,” the statement read, “we stay out of politics. ” Still, other business leaders appear eager to dash into the political fray. After Mr. Trump signed an executive order in late January that suspended the country’s refugee program and barred individuals from certain countries from entering the United States, Howard Schultz, the chief executive of Starbucks, announced plans to hire 10, 000 refugees over the next five years. Like with Nordstrom, the response was largely split down the political divide. “There’s a real difference in styles emerging here. L. L. Bean wants to stay low, saying, ‘We’re not political. We don’t want to pick sides,’” said Professor Schweitzer, of the Wharton School. “But Howard Schultz is positioning Starbucks as a more   place,” Professor Schweitzer continued. “He’s aligning the company with the employees and most of the customers in taking that stance. ”",0
14128,Expert: Refugee ’Chain Migration’ Puts Foreign Labor First,"A small town in the southwest corner in rural Missouri is forever changing due to chain migration policies and an influx in refugees who have entered the U. S. over the last decade. [In Noel, Missouri, some 500 to 600 Somali and Sudanese immigrants and refugees now live in the region of just more than 1, 800 residents, as noted by USA Today in a piece highlighting the changing face of the area.  A particular Somali migrant quoted in the USA Today piece spoke about her father now trying to apply as a refugee in U. S. in order to move to Noel. On Thursday morning, inside a   apartment a block from Main Street,    Bedel Kayd and his    brother Saadiq sat quietly while finishing a bag of cheese puffs. With Abdullahi acting as translator, their mother, Mun Omer  —   a Somalian who arrived in the United States in October  —   said she initially thought President Trump’s executive order banning immigrants or visa holders from seven countries  —   Somalia, Sudan, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Syria and Yemen  —   for 90 days and refugees for 120 days meant refugees like her would have to return to their home countries. Trump’s executive order bans refugees from Syria indefinitely. Omer said she was relieved, to a degree, to learn that her initial fear wasn’t true. But the reality still doesn’t bode well for her father, who is trying to come to America. Immigration expert Ira Mehlman with the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) said that while extended family chain migration is a “general bad policy,” he said the booming Somali and Sudanese populations in Noel were most likely due to Tyson Foods’   plant in the town. The Tyson factory provides about 1, 600 jobs to Noel residents. The influx in refugees to the region has, however, cramped the local labor market. “These   companies undermine the union jobs,” Mehlman told Breitbart Texas. “They’ve brought in illegal aliens and refugees, but essentially, they’ve used this to replace their unionized workforce. It’s a labor subsidy for the employers. ” “There’s a myth that illegal aliens are a source of cheap labor,” Mehlman continued. “It’s cheap only to the direct employer. The rest of us have to pay for healthcare, education, and other social services. ” Mehlman told Breitbart Texas that in areas similar to Noel, where corporate plants employ the majority of small town population, it is the companies that incentivize chain migration policies which already allow for spouses and unmarried children to come to the U. S. “In other places, it has been the employers that has created this phenomenon,” Mehlman said. “They prefer these foreign workers over unionized employees. ” Immigration groups like FAIR and NumbersUSA have been pushing President Trump’s administration to reform chain migration policy, citing that it only leads to more illegal immigration. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
14129,Human-Machine Hybrid Organs Are Being Made Now,"Human-Machine Hybrid Organs Are Being Made Now October 26, 2016 
Harvard scientists have developed a 3D printed heart on a computer chip, which can be used to study heart conditions without testing medical treatments on animals. The heart-on-chip is composed of a small piece of flexible polymer with integrated sensors that contains living human heart cells , which can mimic the physiological response of a human heart. 
The sensors collect data on the beating of the heart-on-chip, which can be used to study how tissue responds to drugs or toxins. 
Scientists from the Wyss Institute at Harvard University believe the technology is a more accurate alternative to testing drugs on animals, and hope it can decrease the number of animals used for testing. 
“We are pushing the boundaries of three-dimensional printing by developing and integrating multiple functional materials within printed devices,” Jennifer Lewis, senior co-author of the study said in a press release. 
Other organs, including bones, lungs, the liver, and gut can also be made into organs on a chip. 
However, it is noted that obtaining data from these chips is costly and can only be done using high-speed cameras or microscopy. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  ",0
14130,"BELGIUM: Iranian Muslim invader found guilty of drugging, repeatedly raping, and threatening to kill a 15-year-old Belgian schoolgirl, GETS NO JAIL TIME!","BNI Store Oct 28 2016 BELGIUM: Iranian Muslim invader found guilty of drugging, repeatedly raping, and threatening to kill a 15-year-old Belgian schoolgirl, GETS NO JAIL TIME! An Iranian Muslim illegal alien migrant who threatened to kill a runaway schoolgirl if she screamed as he repeatedly raped her has been spared any jail in a shock sentencing. The 20-year-old Muslim whose identity is being protected ( why? ), was found guilty of drugging, raping, and threatening the young girl by the court in Tongeren, Belgium. But the typical Muslim pervert has been spared jail in a shock verdict – and got away with a suspended sentence. UK Express The harrowing incident happened in April 2014, after the young girl and a female friend ran away from their hometown of Bertem. When the friend decided to return home two days later, the 15-year-old carried on her journey – taking a bus from Hasselt to Genk on her own. There, after arriving at 11pm on April 20, she took up with a gang of other young people who were hanging around in the city centre, and was taken to one of their apartments where she was plied with alcohol and drugs. The young girl later fell asleep at the flat, but was woken up just hours later by the 20-year-old Iranian Muslim who repeatedly raped her. During the horrific sex attack, she was bitten by her abuser and nearly suffocated after he put his hands around her throat to stop her screaming. He threatened to kill her if she continued to call for help. The court heard that after the attack, she did not dare to ask for help any more and feared the rest of the group could burst in at any minute and rape her as well. “Rape is the most natural thing in the world,” and “women must obey men,” were just two of the defenses offered by some of the seven Muslim invaders recently arrested for a gang rape of an unconscious 17-year-old white girl in Ostend, Belgium However, despite the aggressive nature of the attack, the migrant has been spared jail. Handing him a suspended sentence, the judge also fined the Iranian £3,680 in compensation to the girl and her family. The sentencing comes just days after an Iraqi asylum seeker had his rape conviction overturned , after his defence lawyers claimed he did not know his 10-year-old victim did not want to be raped.",0
14131,11:11: 2016 – ‘The Lifting’,"Leave a reply 
Gillian MacBeth Louthan – The 11:11 doorway will issue a time out, not for bad behavior but for examination of the new patterns of light. Like a spider’s web, messages are hidden sculpted in sacred geometries and codes. What is sacred seeks an outlet a place of shelter. As we move past the previous markers of this years limitations, we begin to dimensionally float like an island in a gust of hurricane force wind. Everything floats like ivory soap causing all of us to feel a little nauseous like altitude sickness and seasickness wrapped in one big burrito. 
We truly have become almost Island like, moving ever so slightly with the changing dimensional tides, no longer attached to any outcomes. Everything tries to right itself like an upside down cake. The winds of change are dominant and push us in directions we would not choose on our own. Like a multi colored autumn leaf, we allow that ‘which is’, to buffer our shift. We are quickly learning Dimensional riff is not a place for sissies. 
Learning to float is ‘a must’. The cells of your body and heart sound with glee as you bring love into your future via intent and word ‘This is the time of your life’ spend it well, with reverence for all. Find the bounty in your hearts desires. You will learn to skate the highways and byways of dimensional conversion as all of Earth enters a new hologram in 2017.This ‘mother of all holograms’ will support the smaller projections within her own body like a great sturgeon before it gives birth to millions of eggs. 
Everyone will unwrap themselves before the holidays. at the time of the winter solstice you will see the true diamond light that lives inside. Reflections of realism fill the room as thick as frankincense and myrrh. Faces show the topographical map of worry as lines are crossed. Sometimes a road once traveled ends, we are all under construction. 
Everything serves the Light and one should have no regrets on any level. Words will have much more punch and you who have called energy with your mutterings will see the end results. We all walk forward with our hearts in our hands on bended knee with humble thoughts. We, who wear the Codes of Light, do so throughout time, never ceasing to trust what lives in our divine blueprint. We have been cut from a blessed cloth and sewn into a holy vessel. 
11:11 is a doorway or gateway into your highest potential as a human seeking complete divine memory. One is a singularity within ‘all that is’. The ‘one’ seeks itself through mirror-like reflections of the world around it. This doorway offers an opportunity to surpass any limitations you have unknowingly set for yourself. One to one to one – enter the oneness hidden deep within your being at the center point of your soul. SF Source www.thequantumawakening.com  ",0
14132,"Trump Campaigned Against Lobbyists, but Now They’re on His Transition Team - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump, who campaigned against the corrupt power of special interests, is filling his transition team with some of the very sort of people who he has complained have too much clout in Washington: corporate consultants and lobbyists. Jeffrey Eisenach, a consultant who has worked for years on behalf of Verizon and other telecommunications clients, is the head of the team that is helping to pick staff members at the Federal Communications Commission. Michael Catanzaro, a lobbyist whose clients include Devon Energy and Encana Oil and Gas, holds the “energy independence” portfolio. Michael Torrey, a lobbyist who runs a firm that has earned millions of dollars helping food industry players such as the American Beverage Association and the dairy giant Dean Foods, is helping set up the new team at the Department of Agriculture. Mr. Trump was swept to power in large part by white   voters who responded to his vow to restore the voices of forgotten people, ones drowned out by big business and Wall Street. But in his transition to power, some of the most prominent voices will be those of advisers who come from the same industries for which they are being asked to help set the regulatory groundwork. The  ’s spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, declined a request for comment, as did nearly a dozen corporate executives, consultants and lobbyists serving on his transition team, which was outlined in a list distributed widely in Washington on Thursday. A number of the people on that list are   experts with no clear interest in helping   clients. But to critics of Mr. Trump  —   both Democrats and Republicans  —   the inclusion of advisers with industry ties is a first sign that he may not follow through on all of his promises. “This whole idea that he was an outsider and going to destroy the political establishment and drain the swamp were the lines of a con man, and guess what  —   he is being exposed as just that,” said Peter Wehner, who served in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George Bush before becoming a speechwriter for George W. Bush. “He is failing the first test, and he should be held accountable for it. ” Transition teams help new presidents pick the new cabinet, as well as up to 4, 000 political appointees who will take over top posts in agencies across the government. President Obama, after he was first elected, instituted rules that prohibited individuals who had served as registered lobbyists in the prior year from serving as transition advisers in the areas in which they represented private clients. They were also prohibited, after the administration took power, from lobbying in the parts of the government they helped set up. “They wanted to make sure that people were not putting their thumb on the scale, or even the perception of that,” said Martha Joynt Kumar, the director of a nonprofit group called the White House Transition Project, which has studied two decades of presidential transitions. Among the advisers assisting Mr. Trump who have no clear   ties are Brian Johnson, a top lawyer for the House Financial Services Committee, who is helping to pick top staff members for the federal government’s many financial services agencies. Edwin Meese III, who served as attorney general under Mr. Reagan and is now associated with the Heritage Foundation, the conservative think tank, is helping oversee management and budget issues, along with Kay Coles James, a Bush administration official who now runs an institute that trains future   leaders. Former Representative Mike Rogers, Republican of Michigan, who served as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and was once a special agent in the F. B. I. is overseeing issues related to national security, including the intelligence agencies and the Department of Homeland Security. But in other areas, most notably the energy sector, the transition team advisers are far from independent. Mr. Catanzaro’s client list is a who’s who of major corporate players  —   such as the Hess Corporation and Devon Energy  —   that have tried to challenge the Obama administration’s environmental and energy policies on issues such as how much methane gas can be released at oil and gas drilling sites, lobbying disclosure reports show. He also worked with oil industry players to help push through major legislation goals, such as allowing the export of crude oil. He will now help pick Mr. Trump’s energy team. Michael McKenna, another lobbyist helping to pick key administration officials who will oversee energy policy, has a client list that this year has included the Southern Company, one of the most vocal critics of efforts to prevent climate change by putting limits on emissions from   power plants. Advisers with ties to other industries include Martin Whitmer, who is overseeing “transportation and infrastructure” for the Trump transition. He is the chairman of a Washington law firm whose lobbying clients include the Association of American Railroads and the National Asphalt Pavement Association. David Malpass, the former chief economist at Bear Stearns, the Wall Street investment bank that collapsed during the 2008 financial crisis, is overseeing the “economic issues” portfolio of the transition, as well as operations at the Treasury Department. Mr. Malpass now runs a firm called Encima Global, which sells economic research to institutional investors and corporate clients. Mr. Eisenach, as a telecom industry consultant, has worked to help major cellular companies fight back against regulations proposed by the F. C. C. that would mandate   net neutrality  —   requiring providers to give equal access to their networks to outside companies. He is now helping to oversee the rebuilding of the staff at the F. C. C. Dan DiMicco, a former chief executive of the steelmaking company Nucor, who now serves on the board of directors of Duke Energy, is heading the transition team for the Office of the United States Trade Representative. Mr. DiMicco has long argued that China is unfairly subsidizing its manufacturing sector at the expense of American jobs. In his campaign, Mr. Trump promised to take steps to close the   revolving door, through which government officials leave their posts and then personally profit by helping private companies reap rewards from policies or programs they had recently managed. In October, declaring that “it’s time to drain the swamp in Washington,” he promised to institute a   ban in which all executive branch officials would be prevented from lobbying the government after they left. He has also promised to expand the definition of a lobbyist, so it includes corporate consultants who do not register as lobbyists but still often act like one. Bruce F. Freed, the president of a nonprofit group called the Center for Political Accountability, which is pressing major corporations to be more transparent about their political spending, said Mr. Trump’s transition team had sent an unfortunate signal to his followers. “This is one of the reasons you had such anger among voters  —   people rigging the system, gaming the system,” Mr. Freed said. “This represents more of the same. ”",0
14133,Trump Elected as President – Risks and Opportunities,"Evgeny Sribnyjj / Shutterstock.com 
So it has happened: Hillary did not win! I say that instead of saying that “Trump won” because I consider the former even more important than the latter. Why? Because I have no idea whatsoever what Trump will do next. I do, however, have an excellent idea of what Hillary would have done: war with Russia. Trump most likely won’t do that. In fact, he specifically said in his acceptance speech: 
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America’s interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone — all people and all other nations. We will seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict . 
And Putin’s reply was immediate: 
We heard the statements he made as candidate for president expressing a desire to restore relations between our countries. We realise and understand that this will not be an easy road given the level to which our relations have degraded today, regrettably. But, as I have said before, it is not Russia’s fault that our relations with the United States have reached this point. 
Russia is ready to and seeks a return to full-format relations with the United States. Let me say again, we know that this will not be easy, but are ready to take this road, take steps on our side and do all we can to set Russian-US relations back on a stable development track. 
This would benefit both the Russian and American peoples and would have a positive impact on the general climate in international affairs, given the particular responsibility that Russia and the US share for maintaining global stability and security. 
This exchange, right there, is enough of a reason for the entire planet to rejoice at the defeat of Hillary and the victory of Trump. 
Will Trump now have the courage, willpower and intelligence to purge the US Executive from the Neocon cabal which has been infiltrating it for decades now? Will he have the strength to confront an extremely hostile Congress and media? Or will he try to meet them halfway and naively hope that they will not use their power, money and influence to sabotage his presidency? 
I don’t know. Nobody does. 
One of the first signs to look for will be the names and backgrounds of the folks he will appoint in his new administration. Especially his Chief of Staff and Secretary of State. 
I have always said that the choice for the lesser evil is morally wrong and pragmatically misguided. I still believe that. In this case, however, the greater evil was thermonuclear war with Russia and the lesser evil just might turn out to be one which will gradually give up the Empire to save the USA rather than sacrifice the USA for the needs of the Empire. In the case of Hillary vs Trump the choice was simple: war or peace. 
Trump can already be credited with am immense achievement: his campaign has forced the US corporate media to show its true face – the face of an evil, lying, morally corrupt propaganda machine. The American people by their vote have rewarded their media with a gigantic “f*ck you!” – a vote of no-confidence and total rejection which will forever demolish the credibility of the Empire’s propaganda machine. 
I am not so naive as to not realize that billionaire Donald Trump is also one of the 1%ers, a pure product of the US oligarchy. But neither am I so ignorant of history to forget that elites do turn on each other , especially when their regime is threatened. Do I need to remind anybody that Putin also came from the Soviet elites?! 
Ideally, the next step would be for Trump and Putin to meet, with all their key ministers, in a long, Camp David like week of negotiations in which everything, every outstanding dispute, should be put on the table and a compromise sought in each case. Paradoxically, this could be rather easy: the crisis in Europe is entirely artificial, the war in Syria has an absolutely obvious solution, and the international order can easily accommodate a United States which would “ deal fairly with everyone, with everyone — all people and all other nations ” and “ seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict “. The truth is that the USA and Russia have no objective reasons for conflict – only ideological issues resulting directly from the insane ideology of messianic imperialism of those who believe, or pretend to believe, that the USA is an “indispensable nation”. What the world wants – needs – is the USA as a *normal* nation. 
The worst case? Trump could turn out to be a total fraud. I personally very much doubt it, but I admit that this is possible. More likely is that he just won’t have the foresight and courage to crush the Neocons and that he will try to placate them. If he does so, they will instead crush him. It is a fact that while administrations have changed every 4 or 8 years, the regime in power has not, and that US internal and foreign policies have been amazingly consistent since the end of WWII. Will Trump finally bring not just a new administration but real “regime change”? I don’t know. 
Make no mistake – even if Trump does end up disappointing those who believed in him what happened today has dealt a death blow to the Empire. The “Occupy Wall Street” did not succeed in achieving anything tangible, but the notion of “rule of the 1%” did emerge from that movement and it stayed. This is a direct blow to the credibility and legitimacy of the entire socio-political order of the USA: far from being a democracy, it is a plutocracy/oligarchy – everybody pretty much accepts that today. Likewise, the election of Trump has already proved that the US media is a prostitute and that the majority of the American people hate their ruling class. Again, this is a direct blow to the credibility and legitimacy of the entire socio-political order. One by one the founding myths of the US Empire are crashing down and what remains is a system which can only rule by force. ORDER IT NOW 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn used to say that regimes can be measured on a spectrum which ranges from regimes whose authority is their power and regimes whose power in in their authority. In the case of the USA we now clearly can see that the regime has no other authority than its power and that makes it both illegitimate and unsustainable. 
Finally, whether the US elites can accept this or not, the US Empire is coming to an end. With Hillary, we would have had a Titanic-like denial up to the last moment which might well have come in the shape of a thermonuclear mushroom over Washington DC. Trump, however, might use the remaining power of the USA to negotiate the US global draw-down thereby getting the best possible conditions for his country. Frankly, I am pretty sure that all the key world leaders realize that it is in their interest to make as many (reasonable) concessions to Trump as possible and work with him, rather than to deal with the people whom he just removed from power. 
If Trump can stick to his campaign promises he will find solid and reliable partners in Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping. Neither Russia nor China have anything at all to gain from a confrontation or, even less so, a conflict with the USA. Will Trump have the wisdom to realize this and use it for the benefit of the USA? Or will he continue with his anti-Chinese and anti-Iranian rhetoric? 
Only time will tell.",0
14134,"David Fahrenthold Strikes, Exposing Donald Trump’s False Philanthropy","By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   5:12 pm Trump sat on the stage, ""looking for all the world like an honored donor to the cause,"" and then got up and left without leaving a donation   
Not only is Donald Trump a liar and a thin-skinned crybaby, but he is selfish, never spending his own money when he can spend somebody else’s. This behavior was never more in evidence than The Washington Post ‘s David Fahrenthold’s account of a 1996 a ribbon-cutting held by the Association to Benefit Children for a nursery school, when Donald Trump showed up, sat down to appear to be a great supporter, and then left without leaving a donation: 
As Sopan Deb tweeted , 
— Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 29, 2016 
Frank and Kathie Lee Gifford were big donors and it is no wonder Gifford was so shocked by Trump’s presence. What had been exposed is that Trump’s life is a sham, a gigantic show put on by him in which he parades through life pretending to be something he is not. 
As Fahrenthold explains , 
For as long as he has been rich and famous, Donald Trump has also wanted people to believe he is generous. He spent years constructing an image as a philanthropist by appearing at charity events and by making very public — even nationally televised — promises to give his own money away. It was, in large part, a facade. A months-long investigation by The Washington Post has not been able to verify many of Trump’s boasts about his philanthropy. 
That philanthropist isn’t the real Trump. The only person Trump visibly cares about is Donald Trump. He uses his Foundation to buy himself nice things, spending other peoples’ money for luxury items and collectibles. When he does make donations, it is again, because he gives no money to his own Foundation, with other peoples’ money. 
Fahrenthold says that the only donation of Trump’s own money the paper could find from the period of 2008 to today, is a $10,000 “gift to the Police Athletic League of New York City, in 2009.” 
For a man as rich as Trump claims to be, $10,000 in eight years is nothing to brag about. Not that this stops the monumental, deadbeat hypocrite that is Donald Trump from bragging anyway.",0
14135,Michele Norris: Make a America Great Again Is Trump’s Deeply Encoded Promise of ’White Prosperity’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” radio journalist and former host of the National Public Radio’s “All Things Considered,” Michele Norris said   Donald Trump’s campaign promise to “Make America Great Again,” is a “deeply encoded,” slogan meant as a  “promise of white prosperity above everything else. ”  Norris said, “In the phrase ‘Make America Great Again,’ there’s one word that if you are a person of color, that you sort of stumble over, and it’s the word ‘again.’ Because you’re talking about going back to a time that was not very comfortable for people of color. They did not have opportunities, they were relegated to the back of the line. ” “And this was a country that  —   to be honest  —   was built on the promise of white prosperity above everything else. And for a lot of people, when they hear that message, ‘Make America Great Again,’ deeply encoded in that message is a return to a time where white Americans can assume a certain amount of prosperity,” she added. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
14136,Signs of divine intervention in Trump victory,"November 10, 2016 Signs of divine intervention in Trump victory 
Election eve 2016 began without any real sign of a gathering storm. No hint a popular revolt was brewing. In fact, just the opposite. 
The networks were reporting the mood in the inner circle of the Republican candidate was subdued, somber, tense, even foreboding – as if fearing the worst. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
14137,VIDEO: Fight Breaks Out on Southwest Airlines as It Lands at Burbank Airport,"A fistfight broke out among several passengers on a Southwest Airlines flight from Dallas to Burbank on Sunday as it was taxiing to the gate at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, the Los Angeles Times reported. [FIGHT OR FLIGHT: Vicious brawl breaks out aboard Southwest Airlines airplane in Burbank https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) May 10, 2017,   Video of the altercation shows two men wrestling and throwing punches at each other as a woman yells, “What is wrong with you? Get off!” while she tries to break up the fight. A flight attendant tried to intervene, but the two men fell on top of her as they rolled onto the seat where she was sitting. One continued to throw punches until other passengers stepped in to break up the fight. Police arrested the suspect, Chaze Mickalo Cable, 37, of Lancaster, for misdemeanor assault and battery, KABC reported. Cable is being held on $50, 000 bail. The victim suffered a chipped tooth, a contusion to his left eye, and a cut on his nose, police said. CBS Los Angeles reported that the victim refused treatment and continued to his next destination. Whether the two knew each other before the fight and what caused it are unknown. Southwest Airlines said Flight 2530 arrived from Dallas and was making a scheduled layover in Burbank before it continued to its final destination in Oakland, adding that the fight involved three passengers as they were getting ready to deplane. “We’re grateful to our employees who quickly reacted to break up a fight involving three customers,” a Southwest Airlines spokeswoman said. “Our Employees are our everyday heroes and are trained to   conflict while delivering heartfelt hospitality. ” Another brawl broke out Monday night at Fort Lauderdale International Airport after Spirit Airlines canceled nine flights due to a staff shortage caused by an issue with the airline pilots’ union.",0
14138,Vladimir Putin – Straight From The Horse’s Mouth,"in: War Propaganda , World News If it’s not Islamophobia, it’s Russophobia. Tired of Western propaganda? Get Vladimir Putin’s perspective with words straight from the horse’s mouth. Vladimir Putin in particular, and Russia in general, have been the focus of an intensive high-drama propaganda campaign of late. Are you buying it? For the time being, Russophobia has replaced Islamophobia as the driving force behind the lies. Various US officials have been frantically warning Americans that the Russians are behind everything: hacking the DNC, controlling Trump, influencing the election and breaking the Syrian ceasefire agreement. They might as well add making your girlfriend break up with you, making your toast get burnt and making your car run out of fuel for all the evidence they have presented. Many of these totally unfounded allegations stem from (naturally) the Clinton campaign, home to career criminals Bill and Hillary Clinton , who are desperately seeking to find something to gain some sort of shred of popularity or advantage over Trump, who fills up arenas with 1000s of people more easily than Clinton can fill a high school gym with 50. Many US officials and war hawks are trying to get in on the action; CIA man Mike Morell indicated it would be a good idea to covertly kill Russians to make them “pay a price” ; Hillary Clinton called Vladimir Putin the “grand godfather of extreme nationalism” and blamed him for the rising popularity of right-wing leaders; and even standing VP Joe Biden came out and said that, “We’re sending a message to Putin … it will be at the time of our choosing and under the circumstances that have the greatest impact” . It seems there is no depth to which some US leaders won’t stoop in order to gain some political advantage, even it means lying, demonizing and destroying geopolitical partnerships in order to garner a few brownie points. Russophobia is in full swing before the US Presidential Election to distract American voters. Vladimir Putin: It’s All About Distraction During Election Season You would think Russian President Vladimir President would be agitated by all of this mud-slinging. At times he has been, for instance when he issued a warning a few months ago about an impending WW3 due to NATO’s constant aggression and advancement towards Russian borders. However, judging by his own words and mostly calm demeanor, he has seen through the agenda and understands what is going on. Putin spells out how it’s all inflamed rhetoric before an election season, an old trick used by politicians to distract when they have no meaningful solutions for internal and domestic problems. Here is Vladimir Putin in his own words : “You can expect anything from our American friends … the only novelty is that for the first time, on the highest level, the United States has admitted involvement in these activities, and to some extent threatened [us] – which of course does not meet the standards of international communication. As if we didn’t know that US Government bodies snoop on and wiretap anyone? Everyone knows this … Apparently, they are nervous. The question is why. I think there is a reason. You know, in an election campaign, the current government carefully crafts a pre-election strategy, and any government, especially when seeking re-election, always has unresolved issues. They need to show, to explain to the voters why they remain unresolved. In the US, there are many such problems … for example, the massive public debt is a time bomb for the US economy and global financial system … more examples can be cited in foreign policy … in these conditions, many choose to resort to the usual tactics of distracting voters from their problems … try to create an enemy and rally the nation against that enemy … Iran and the Iranian threat did not work well for that. Russia is a more interesting story.” And that’s exactly what this whole thing is: a giant story. However, as Voltaire once said, if you can make someone believe absurdities, you can make them commit atrocities. Let’s see what else Vladimir Putin has to say on other topics of interest. Russian Hacking: A Laughable Claim so the Clintons and DNC Can Try to Avoid Culpability Let’s face it: the whole Russophobia affair is about avoiding blame, dodging responsibility and evading liability. Thanks to WikiLeaks, Project Veritas and many other sources, we know the entire Hillary Clinton campaign has been rigged beyond belief. Fake primaries, fake speeches, fake images, fake videos, fake crowds, fake supporters and fake debates. There is seemingly no depth of criminality to which that woman won’t sink. She’s selling out the presidency before she even gets there, such as the stunt of trying to promise future presidential executive orders to mega donors. There is not a shred of evidence that Russia is affiliated with WikiLeaks or behind any of the DNC hacks. As this Zero Hedge article NSA Whistleblower: US Intelligence Worker Likely Behind DNC Leaks, Not Russia states: “On “Judge Napolitano Chambers,” the Judge said that while the DNC, government officials, and the Clinton campaign all accuse the Russians of hacking into the DNC servers, “the Russians had nothing to do with it.” Napolitano then mentioned Binney, arguing the NSA veteran and whistleblower who “developed the software that the NSA now uses, which allows it to capture not just metadata but content of every telephone call, text message, email in the United States of every person in [the country]” knew the NSA had hacked the DNC — not the Russians. If Judge Napolitano and Binney are right and the NSA did hack the DNC, what was the motive? According to the Judge, “members of the intelligence community simply do not want [Clinton] to be president of the United States.” “She doesn’t know how to handle state secrets,” Napolitano continued. And since “some of the state secrets that she revealed used the proper true names of American intelligence agents operating undercover in the Middle East,” some of these agents were allegedly captured and killed, prompting NSA agents to feel compelled to act. Whether NSA agents hacked the DNC or not, one thing is clear: there’s no real evidence linking the DNC and Arizona and Illinois voting system hacks to the Russian government.” The Mythical “Russian Threat” Vladimir Putin directly addressed another mythical story, that of the so-called Russian threat and Russian aggression , at the recent Valdai forum in Sochi from October 24-27, 2016: “There is another mechanism to ensure the transatlantic security, European security, the OC security and their attempt at turning this organization (NATO) into an instrument of someone’s political interests. So what the OC is doing is simply void. Mythical threats are devised like the so-called Russian military threat. Certainly this can be (used to) gain some advantage, get new budgets, make your allies comply with your demands, make NATO deploy the equipment and troops closer to our border … Russia is not trying to attack anyone. That would be ridiculous … The population of Europe is 300 million … and the population of the US is 300 million, while the population of Russia is 140 million, yet such menaces are served as a pretext. Hysteria has been fueled in the US with regard to Russia’s alleged influence with the current presidential election. Is there anyone who seriously thinks that Russia can influence the choice of the American people? Is the US a banana republic? The US is a great power. If I’m wrong please correct me.” Here’s what he had to say about who the real aggressor is when it comes to the US and Russia: “Is it known to you that Russia, in the 90s, completely halted (as did the USSR) any strategic aviation in the further afield regions of patrol, i.e. not in the closer abroad. We halted such activity completely. US geostrategic aviation however, with nuclear weapons on board. They continued to encircle us! What for? Who are you concerned about? Or why are you threatening us? We continued with the non-patrol year after year. It is only since about 3 years ago that we restarted aviation patrol further abroad. Which party is the provocateur here? Is it us? We have only 2 military bases abroad. They are known areas of terrorism dangers … US bases on the other hand are all over the world. And you are telling me that I am the aggressor? Have you any common sense? What are US forces doing in Europe, including nuclear weaponry? What business have they got there? Listen to me. Our military budget, while increased slightly from last year, in the dollar equivalent, is about US$50 billion. The military budget of the Pentagon is almost 10 times that amount. $575 billion, I think Congress singed off on. And you’re telling me I’m the aggressor here? Have you no common sense at all? Is it us putting our forces on the border of the US? Or other states? Is it NATo, or who, that is moving their bases closer to us? Military infrastructure! It’s not us. Does anyone even listen to us? Or try to have some kind of dialogue with us? The repeated answer we get is ‘mind your own business’ and ‘each country can choose its own security measures’. Very well, so will we … And finally, on the antiballistic missile defense system, who was it that exited from the treaty which was vital to the entire system of international security? Was it us? No. It was the States. In a one-sided way, they simply withdrew from the treaty. Now they are threatening us, turning their missiles towards us, not only from Alaska, but also from Europe too … We want to develop normal relations in the sphere of security, in the fight against terrorism, in the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. We want to work together with you … so long as you want that too.” US Repeatedly Broke Its Promises to Russia and Destroyed Trust The Western MSM is so one-sided in its coverage of geopolitical events like Ukraine and Syria. Anyone not toeing the line with US-UK-NATO interests is painted in a bad light. In point of fact, it has actually been the US who has been breaking agreements with Russia since the end of the Cold War. US leaders lied to Russian leaders at the time, by promising that NATO would not extend any further eastward, and possibly even hinting that Russia could join NATO. As Eric Zuesse explains in his article America Trashes NATO Founding Act; Rushes Weapons to Russia’s Borders : “The NATO Founding Act was agreed to between the US and Russia in 1997 in order to provide to Russia’s leader Boris Yeltsin some modicum of assurance that America wouldn’t invade his country. When his predecessor Mikhail Gorbachev had ended the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact military alliance in 1991, the representatives of US President GHW Bush told him that NATO wouldn’t move «one inch to the east» (toward Russia), but as soon as Gorbachev committed himself to end the Cold War, Bush told his agents, regarding what they had all promised to Gorbachev (Bush’s promise which had been conveyed through them), «To hell with that! We prevailed, they didn’t». In other words: Bush’s prior instructions to them were merely his lies to Gorbachev, his lies to say that the US wouldn’t try to conquer Russia (move its forces eastward to Russia’s borders); but, now, since Gorbachev was committed and had already agreed that East Germany was to be reunited with and an extension of West Germany (and the process for doing that had begun), Bush pulled that rug of lies out from under the end of the Cold War …” Bill Clinton carried on the great American legacy of exceptionalism (that is, excepting themselves from obeying international law) spearheaded by Daddy Bush of surrounding and dominating Russia by allowing NATO into the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland. Russia got shafted by trusting the US numerous times after the fall of the Soviet Union. Here’s Vladimir Putin once again on America’s broken promises (in April 2016): “In the early 2000s, we agreed with the Americans to destroy weapons-grade plutonium, on both sides. We were talking about the excessive amounts that were manufactured by both the US and Russia. This is the enriched uranium from which nuclear weapons are made. 34000 tonnes, from both sides. We signed an agreement, and decided that this material would be destroyed in a specific manner. It would be destroyed in an industrial way – for which special plants needed to be built. We fulfilled our obligations – we built the necessary plant. Our American partners did not. Moreover, recently they announced that rather than destroy the enriched material in the manner that we agreed, and signed an international agreement on, that they would dilute it and store it in a holding capacity. This means they retain the potential to bring it back … Surely our American partners must understand that, jokes are one thing, such as creating smear campaigns against Russia, but questions of nuclear security are another thing entirely … they must learn to fulfill their promises. They once said they would close down Guantanamo. And? Is it closed? No.” Incidentally, this is the exact same plutonium agreement which made the news last month, when as reported on October 3rd, 216, Russia suspended their deal with the US on disposal of plutonium from decommissioned nuclear warheads. A decree signed by Vladimir Putin lists “ the radical change in the environment, a threat to strategic stability posed by the hostile actions of the US against Russia, and the inability of the US to deliver on the obligation to dispose of excessive weapons plutonium under international treaties, as well as the need to take swift action to defend Russian security” as the reasons for why Russia chose to suspend the deal. Conclusion: Wake up and Smell the Russophobia Expect Vladimir Putin and Russia to keep being demonized by the Clintons – and more importantly the NWO manipulators who so desperately want them in power. Although the Clintons are a powerful modern American mafia family, replete with a long body count behind them, it’s important to remember they are lackeys for far greater and more pervasive powers (check out some of Hillary’s lovey-dovey letters to Lynn Forester de Rothschild here ). There’s a lot at stake here. Right now, Vladimir Putin and Russia are being used with the sole purpose of getting Clinton elected. Although Putin is not perfect and has his own dark side, he deserves respect for standing his ground and refusing to become another US puppet. If we are to believe his own words, he has no qualm with Americans or even America itself, but rather the selfish, imperialistic and murderous agenda of the NWO agents running the USA: “We have a great deal of respect and love for the United States, and especially for the American people … [however] the expansion of jurisdiction by one nation beyond the territory of its borders, to the rest of the world, is unacceptable and destructive for international relations.” It’s up to the American public to switch off CNN (Clinton News Network) and all the other duplicitous MSM channels and get truly informed. Vladimir Putin is reaching out his hand to America, in the hope that enough Americans can reclaim their country and work together with other nations in peace. On the issue of Vladimir Putin and Russia, the MSM is not just one-sided, it’s outright lying.",0
14139,"Touring Warship, Trump Pushes Plan to Expand Military - The New York Times","NEWPORT NEWS, Va.  —   President Trump on Thursday used the country’s most advanced,   aircraft carrier as the    backdrop for his push to rebuild America’s armed forces with a $54 billion increase in military spending. Speaking in the hangar bay of the   Gerald R. Ford, which this year will become the nation’s largest and most powerful warship, Mr. Trump said the Navy  —   and other military services  —   must grow and modernize. “We will make it easier for the Navy to plan for the future and thus to control costs and get the best deals for the taxpayer,” the president said. “The same boat for less money, the same ship for less money, the same airplanes for less money. ” Ever the showman, Mr. Trump arrived on the carrier in dramatic style, landing on the flight deck aboard his helicopter, Marine One. He emerged with a sharp salute and wearing his trademark red Make America Great Again baseball cap. One deck below, watching on large screens, hundreds of sailors and others let up a huge cheer for the commander in chief. After touring the ship, the president was lowered to the hangar bay on the massive elevator that carries fighter jets between the decks. To the sounds of Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U. S. A. ,” Mr. Trump strode into the crowd  —   wearing a Gerald R. Ford baseball cap. Mr. Trump marveled at the ship’s size, calling it “4. 5 acres of combat power and sovereign U. S. territory, the likes of which there is nothing to compete. ” “It is a monument to American might that will provide the strength necessary to ensure peace,” he said. The Ford is the first of a new, more technologically advanced class of aircraft carrier, and cost about $13 billion to build after cost overruns and years of delay. But Mr. Trump did not mention those challenges, saying instead that he supports expanding to a   Navy, from the current 10. He said ships like the Ford will allow him and future presidents to project American power in distant lands. “Hopefully it’s power we don’t have to use. But if we do, they are in big, big trouble,” he said to cheers from the sailors. Mr. Trump asserted, as he did during the presidential campaign, that the Navy is now the smallest it has been since World War I. The Navy swelled from 245 ships in 1916 to a peak of over 6, 000 during World War II, downsizing between conflicts and bulking up during the Korean and Vietnam Wars. From the 1970s, the Navy gradually began to shrink to a total battle force of 275 ships as of September 2016. But that fleet includes 10 aircraft carriers, 22 cruisers, 63 destroyers, 11 amphibious assault ships and 68 submarines, 14 of which are armed with nuclear warheads. These are far more powerful than the fleets of World War II. So comparing the navies of the past and today is “like comparing the telegraph to the smartphone they’re just not comparable,” Ray Mabus, the secretary of the Navy under President Barack Obama, said in 2012. Lawmakers in both parties have already expressed deep skepticism about Mr. Trump’s military spending proposal, in part because of its potential to increase the nation’s deficit and in part because of the administration’s assertion that it would deeply slash nonmilitary spending to compensate. But the president’s desire to expand the military was a core promise during his campaign for the White House. American politicians often seek to associate themselves with the country’s enormous, gleaming war machines. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, announced his choice of Speaker Paul D. Ryan as his running mate on the retired battleship Wisconsin. But sometimes the moment goes awry. In 2003, President George W. Bush stood on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln to declare that the military phase of the Iraq war was over. He spoke in front of a banner that proclaimed “Mission Accomplished. ” The war continued for years. Aides to Mr. Trump are hoping that the images of the president on the Ford are more positive.",0
14140,National Security Agency Said to Use Manhattan Tower as Listening Post - The New York Times,"On any person who desires such queer prizes, New York will bestow the gift of loneliness and the gift of privacy.   —   E. B. White, “Here Is New York,” 1949 From a sidewalk in Lower Manhattan, the building at 33 Thomas Street, known as the Long Lines Building, looks like nothing less than a monument to the prize of privacy. With not a window in its walls from the ground up to its height of 550 feet, 33 Thomas looms over Church Street with an architectural blank face. Nothing about it resembles a place of human habitation, and in fact it was built for machines: An ATT subsidiary commissioned the tower to house   phone lines. Completed in 1974, it was fortified to withstand a nuclear attack on New York, and the architect made plans to include enough food, water and generator fuel to sustain 1, 500 people for two weeks during a catastrophic loss of power to the city. Now, an investigative article in The Intercept and an accompanying   documentary film, “Project X,” opening on Friday at the IFC Center in Greenwich Village, say the building appears to have served another purpose: as a listening post   Titanpointe by the National Security Agency. The article and film say that Titanpointe was one of the facilities used to collect communications  —   with permission granted by judges  —   from international entities that have at least some operations in New York, such as the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and 38 countries. According to the article and film, N. S. A. employees and contractors who traveled to Titanpointe were given detailed instructions about how to rent cars anonymously through the F. B. I. how to dress (not surprisingly, they were not to wear badges that said “N. S. A. ”) and even what to do if they got into a car accident (don’t make a fuss, make a call everything would be taken care of). Equipment in the building monitored international   phone calls, faxes, videoconferencing, voice calls made over the internet. Much of the documentation for the article and film draws on material provided by Edward Snowden, a former contractor for the agency who released information in 2013 about the N. S. A. ’s collaboration with telecommunication companies in vast surveillance programs. Laura Poitras, who collaborated with Henrik Moltke on the documentary film, was a member of a group of journalists awarded a 2014 Pulitzer Prize for its reporting on Mr. Snowden’s revelations. The new article and film say that N. S. A. memos from 2013 refer to Titanpointe by its code name and activities that take place there but do not mention its address. Mr. Moltke said a number of details in the Snowden material pointed to 33 Thomas Street, including references to a known code name for ATT the building’s location about a block from F. B. I. offices at 26 Federal Plaza and a reference to satellite intercepts for a program called Skidrowe. The building has satellite dishes on the roof and is the only site in New York City where ATT has a Federal Communications Commission license for such stations, according to Mr. Moltke, who wrote the article with Ryan Gallagher. The New York Times and Pro Publica reported in August 2015, that ATT had had a close relationship with the N. S. A. for decades and had been lauded by the agency for its “extreme willingness to help. ” However, neither the materials from Mr. Snowden nor the new reports state with certainty that the N. S. A. was using ATT space or equipment. As it happens, while ATT Inc. owns the land at 33 Thomas, it has only about 87 percent of the floor space the balance is owned by Verizon. Asked about the Intercept report, Fletcher Cook, an ATT spokesman, did not directly respond but said the company provided information when legally required or in specific emergency cases. “We do not allow any government agency to connect directly to or otherwise control our network to obtain our customers’ information,” he said. A Verizon spokesman took questions about his company’s space but did not provide answers. The N. S. A. did not reply to a request for comment. For all the powerful machinery available to government surveillance programs, they are subject to some court jurisdiction. That is not the case for commercial surveillance: Every aspect of daily life is tracked by smartphone apps, social media and websites. Whatever spying may go on at 33 Thomas Street would at least still be subject to legal oversight. The building really may be a monument to quaint ideas about privacy.",0
14141,Watchdog Claims 5K Noncitizens Registered to Vote in Virginia,"A new report released shortly after the forming of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity finds that more than 5, 000 individuals were determined to be  . S. citizens registered to vote in Virginia. [Dubbed a “sequel” to a similar 2016 effort, the latest study found 5, 556 voters were “quietly removed” from the records for reasons related to   “between 2011 and May 2017,” according to an advanced look at the findings provided by the Public Interest Legal Foundation (PILF). Of the total registered,   of unlawful voters managed to cast ballots —  leading to a total of more than 7, 400 illegal votes cast, according to the report.  The organization points out that it was unable to find any evidence that illegal registrations or votes were ever prosecuted. The report details how ineligible individuals are slowly discovered by local officials —  most often, the authors allege, by accident. Applicants for voter registration are not required to prove they are actual U. S. citizens in Virginia. The vast majority of states only require that people claim to be citizens during registration, PILF notes. The report details, however, that Virginia shares information when a claimed citizen indicates otherwise to a separate state agency. At that point, removal procedures begin: In the absence of regular   arrangements between federal officials and the Commonwealth, the ability of election officials to identify aliens on the voter rolls is almost nonexistent. The most that happens in Virginia is that an alien on the voter rolls will sometimes tell the state DMV they are not a citizen. Without those leads, counties and municipalities must accept false claims of citizenship on their face. The authors also shared with this reporter examples of how some ineligible noncitizens admitted their immigration statuses at the outset, but were still registered to vote. Some illegal registrants lasted on the rolls for years —  risking possible deportation —  until they were discovered.   In order to obtain the information necessary to perform the study, the Public Interest Legal Foundation filed a total of three lawsuits across the commonwealth in 2016. The group claims that political interference from officials loyal to Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) initially stalled the research effort. “At the instruction of Governor McAuliffe’s political appointees, local election officials spent countless resources to prevent this information from spilling into the open,” J. Christian Adams, a former Department of Justice attorney and President of the Public Interest Legal Foundation said in a statement. “Virginia hid critical information that would have improved election integrity while a political    vetoed numerous proposals that would’ve prevented alien registration and voting. ” A release notes that local clerks were advised to reject PILF’s requests for information, citing the federal Drivers Privacy Protection Act as a justification to prevent full disclosure, since some noncitizens outed themselves when receiving driver’s licenses. That effort reportedly failed when the organization sued some northern and central Virginia officials. The “alien voting” report arrives at an interesting time. In addition the presidential commission announced that plans to study similar problems around the country, Virginia is also due to hold statewide elections in November 2017. The nonprofit law firm credits the Virginia Voters Alliance for assisting in the research effort locally. The report adds that it is a felony on both state and federal levels for a   to vote and can carry with it an order of deportation. Alien Invasion II by Public Interest Legal Foundation on Scribd,  Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.",0
14142,A Song for Bill de Blasio Sounds a Sour Note for Watchdogs - The New York Times,"Mayor Bill de Blasio posted a video on his City Hall Twitter account on Tuesday that featured two Broadway actors singing his praises and promoting his accomplishments, drawing criticism from government watchdog groups who said that it was an inappropriate use of public money and was too much like a campaign ad. The video, which tries to poke fun at itself even as it promotes the mayor, was posted on the official City Hall Twitter account, @NYCMayor, and features Mr. de Blasio in an awkward thespian effort. It also includes his wife, Chirlane McCray a senior adviser, Andrea Hagelgans and two Broadway stars, Jenna Ushkowitz and James Monroe Iglehart. Ms. Ushkowitz starred in the television show “Glee” and has appeared in Broadway musicals, including “Waitress” and “Spring Awakening. ” Mr. Iglehart won a Tony Award in 2014 for his role as the Genie in “Aladdin. ” The video shows Mr. de Blasio, who is running for   in the coming year, sitting in the back of what appears to be one of the mayoral sport utility vehicles, talking with Ms. McCray on his cellphone. “Hey honey, I really like this song idea,” he says. “I really think it’s the perfect way to wrap up all the great things we’ve done this year. ” Ms. McCray, Ms. Hagelgans and the actors are shown in a room at Gracie Mansion. Ms. McCray puts the mayor on speaker phone so he can listen as the two actors sing, accompanied by a piano player. “In case the folks are unaware, we’ve got some facts we’d like to share,” they sing. They go on to plug mayoral programs like protections for renters, the construction and preservation of affordable housing, and a mental health initiative. “Who’s bringing cops and community close?” Ms. Ushkowitz sings as the beat goes  . “Who’s got incarceration and crime rates sinking to a record low?” The performance closes with a rousing reference to Mr. de Blasio. “No matter what will be, we’ve got Billy D. B. !” Ms. Ushkowitz belts out. The mayor starts out nodding happily to all the praise but then whispers to an aide, “This is kind of over the top. ” In the end, he delivers his review of the performance: “Maybe the song’s a little too elaborate,” he says. “Maybe we should just do a couple of tweets and a Facebook post instead. ” Dick Dadey, the executive director of Citizens Union, a government watchdog organization, questioned whether creating the video was a justifiable use of public resources and said it raised questions because it came right before next year’s   campaign. “This is a virtual campaign ad that is meant to be a   announcement but goes beyond that in serving to promote the mayor,” Mr. Dadey said. The video is part of a broader effort by City Hall to increase its use of the internet and social media to reach out to New Yorkers directly, bypassing traditional news media. It also comes as Mr. de Blasio controls his interactions with the press, frequently avoiding questions and limiting the news conferences at which he will take questions on any topic to once a week. Eric Phillips, Mr. de Blasio’s press secretary, said that the video was produced by City Hall staff and that the actors volunteered their time. Mr. Phillips said that City Hall spent a total of $700 to pay the piano player and a composer. He said it cost an additional $170 to have the piano tuned and $30 to rent a rehearsal room. Although the mayor is running for   next year, Mr. Phillips said in a written statement that the video “doesn’t have anything to do with his campaign. ” He added, “We think New Yorkers have a right to know what their government does, and it’s our job to communicate that work in a modern way. ” The immediate effect of the video was not exactly the stuff of Broadway hit material. In the first seven hours after the video was posted on Twitter, it had received 218 likes on the mayor’s account and 88 retweets.",0
14143,Dyson Wants to Create a Hair Dryer Revolution - The New York Times,"WILTSHIRE, England  —   Sir James Dyson, the British designer and engineer, sporting sneakers, cobalt blue spectacles and a voluminous thatch of silvery hair, stood in his vast glass office in the depths of the English countryside one recent Tuesday afternoon. He was clutching a device that he contends could change the monotony of bathroom routines forever. “There has been zero innovation in this market for over 60 years,” said Mr. Dyson, 68, a billionaire who was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 2006. “Millions of people use contraptions daily that are hideously inefficient, waste their time and are causing them   damage,” he said. “We realized that we could  —   and should  —   sort this situation out. ” He triumphantly held up what appeared to be a sleek black and pink plastic doughnut on a stick. “Four years, 100 odd patents and 600 prototypes later, I think we might have found the answer. ” Known as the Dyson Supersonic and unveiled in Tokyo on Wednesday, the device is his response to a question many never thought to ask: Is it possible to make a better hair dryer? This may not seem like a big deal. A few burned scalps and frizz issues aside, people have been doing just fine with the standard hair dryer for decades. But, as Dai Fujiwara, a Japanese fashion designer who collaborated with Mr. Dyson on an Issey Miyake runway presentation, wrote in an email, “Because everyday life is too common, people rarely realize there is a problem. ” About 92 percent of British women regularly use a hair dryer (according to the consultancy Mintel) while 75. 5 percent of all women and 24. 5 percent of men in the United States and 97 percent of women and 30 percent of men in Japan use one (according to Dyson) and most spend an average of 20 minutes on each session. So changing even a small percentage of that behavior could have outsize repercussions. Mr. Dyson, Britain’s   living inventor, is the Steve Jobs of domestic appliances. He has built a fortune from making otherwise standard products seem aesthetically desirable, in the process persuading untold numbers of consumers that they really, really want cordless and bagless vacuum cleaners, air purifiers, bladeless fans and even household robots. “His inventions are disruptive  —   beautifully so,” said Terence Conran, the British restaurateur, retailer and furniture designer. “Who would have imagined that a bagless vacuum cleaner could become a highly covetable status symbol? He has made other businesses think differently about how to use design, creativity and innovation. ” Mr. Dyson studied furniture design and architecture at the Royal College of Art in London. He is currently provost there. “His advocacy for the discipline and for British manufacturing has had a profound influence on the British national psyche,” said Dr. Paul Thompson, rector of the Royal College. Now Mr. Dyson is trying to extend that influence into hitherto unchartered territory: the global beauty and grooming sector. Dyson said there were 103 engineers involved in the creation of the Supersonic, which included the taming of over 1, 010 miles of human hair tresses and 7, 000 acoustic tests as teams tackled three core issues: noise, weight and speed. Ground zero for the project was the Dyson research facility, a Willy   world deep in the rolling Wiltshire hills, with a Harrier fighter jet and spliced Mini car in the visitors’ parking lot. Projects are kept firmly under lock and key from virtually all outsiders  —   as well as many within the walls itself (which, like those owned by Roald Dahl’s flamboyant fictional chocolate factory owner, are often painted a lurid purple). Matt Kelly was one of many young engineers milling around the plant in near identikit uniforms of hoodies, jeans and sneakers or battered brogues. “You can sit next to someone in the cafeteria here for years and not have the first idea what they are working on, and they will have no clue what you do, either,” Mr. Kelly said. “Discretion and an ability to keep secrets are essential traits if you want to work at Dyson. ” Especially when doing something so counterintuitive as moving from the practical question of what to use to clean carpets to the more   question of what to use to style a personal image. Ed Shelton, a design manager for the Supersonic, said: “It was the hardest project I’ve ever worked on. Beyond having to crack the science of hair, we’ve had to tackle a highly subjective user psychology. “Trust me when I say there are many more approaches and angles to   than vacuuming in the world. British women want volume. Japanese women want straightness. No one wants hair damage. And then we had to create a fleet of robots specifically to test that over and over again. ” The company says the key to the Supersonic is its     motor. About the size of a quarter, the motor is small enough to fit in the base of the hair dryer handle, rather than in the conventional motor position at the top of the device, a shift that creates its unorthodox streamlined aesthetic. The smaller motor allows for high velocity flow but not pressure, the company says, which is how temperatures shoot up on traditional hair dryers and users burn themselves if the dryer is too close to the head. The company says the positioning of the motor in the hand also limits the   dumbbell effect of   models, where   weighting can cause arms to ache. Weighing just 370 grams, the new structure allows for a longer silencer tube and smaller fan, cutting down drastically on noise. Coupled with the high motor speed, the fusion of new technologies gives rise to Dyson claims that the sound waves can operate at an ultrasonic level  —   in other words, at frequencies higher than the upper audible limit for humans. It also has magnetic heatproof nozzles and intelligent heat sensors to prevent hair burn. “Frankly, I’m rather terrified,” Mr. Dyson said. “We had to learn a great deal with the Supersonic, and there have been a lot of firsts on all fronts, including the fact that I had to grow my hair especially for a launch. ” “It hasn’t been this long since my ’60s student days, when I wore flowered shirts and flares,” Mr. Dyson said. Despite his newly flowing locks, both Dyson the man and Dyson the company are conscious that they may not come across as the most convincing of beauty gurus. Consequently, the company has enlisted the services of Jen Atkin, a celebrity hairstylist with a client Rolodex that includes Kim Kardashian, Jessica Alba and Katy Perry and a social media following of millions. Her job is to decode the appliance and its styling power to viewers via online tutorials following the introduction (i. e. she’s a brand ambassador) but her input was also instrumental in its creation. Jake Dyson, the oldest son of Mr. Dyson and heir apparent to the Dyson helm, said the company understood that personal care “was a radically different market from the ones we are used to competing in. Cleaning floors is much less glamorous than styling hair. ” Ms. Atkin, who can see up to 30 clients a day, said she had initially begun the relationship by “giving her two cents” to Dyson engineers on the model and what it needed. “That   feeling that usually makes your arms ache completely disappears with this, whether working on your own hair or blow drying someone else,” she said. “For me, or any woman, that is a game changer. This is the ‘break the Internet’ dryer. ” As with any other Dyson device, research and development didn’t come cheap: The investment, including a     hair laboratory, reached £50 million (about $72 million). As a result, the Supersonic will retail at $399 when it arrives in the United States at Sephora stores in September, a price at stark odds with the     business model that has traditionally defined the competitive hair dryer market. Currently, hair dryers sold by Amazon in the United States retail for $12. 99 to $219. 98. Still, Dyson has a convincing track record in persuading fans to pay hundreds of dollars on domestic status symbols that spend most of their working lives in the cupboard under the stairs or next to the dog basket. But there have been expensive failures along the way, like its washing machine, which the company no longer makes. More recently, some of Dyson’s boldest claims, about advancing science in certain markets, have also been called into question by critics like the University of Westminster in London. This month the university released research suggesting that Dyson Airblade hand dryers spread 60 times more germs than standard air dryers, and 1, 300 times more than standard paper towels, although the assertion is one that the company emphatically and repeatedly rejects. So the hair dryer stakes are high and the market deeply fragmented, not least by the popularity of newer   electrical appliances like straightening irons and curling tongs. Can Dyson really pull off another product revolution? “This all does feel a lot more personal than usual,” Mr. Dyson said. “Which I suppose makes me a little nervous. But actually, I have found everything we are learning with the Supersonic very exciting. It’s the start of a new push into this sector for us. Though I can’t tell you more than that. ” What he can say is that the company is set to spend £1. 5 billion (about $2. 2 billion) investing in future technology and recently announced the development of four new portfolio sectors. While bullish, he also knows that not all his   inventions could be winners. “I actually believe that success teaches you nothing failures teach you everything,” he said, surrounded by sketches and prototypes in his meticulously cluttered office. One hundred new products are in the pipeline in the next four years around the world, he said. The hair dryer is just the beginning. “For decades, people have just accepted a subpar experience because no one was offering them anything else,” said Stephen Courtney, concepts director at Dyson and a leader on the hair project. The company wants to change that, one locker room, spa and beauty salon at a time.",0
14144,DELINGPOLE: Mass-Murdering Bureaucrat Tells Trump How to Run EPA,"Far from weakening the Environmental Protection Agency, Donald Trump needs to beef it up. Or so says a guy in the New York Times by the name of William D. Ruckelshaus. [In a March 7   in the Times, Ruckelshaus writes:  A strong and credible regulatory regime is essential to the smooth functioning of our economy. Interesting use of the word “credible” there from the worthless bureaucrat who, perhaps more than anyone, embodies what is so very wrong with the EPA and why it so urgently needs to be reformed. Ruckelshaus, let it never be forgotten, was the EPA administrator responsible for probably the blackest moment in the institution’s history: the man who banned DDT in the U. S. with consequences which resulted in millions of unnecessary deaths around the world from malaria. Sure Ruckelshaus didn’t deliberately murder all those people. But the fact remains that DDT was  —   still is  —   one of the most effective killers of the malarial mosquito and that by banning it in the U. S. Ruckelshaus helped create a   regulatory effect which deprived the world of one its best defences against one of its biggest health problems. I told the story a few months back, but it’s worth repeating  —   and should be repeated every time this dreadful man pops up again and presumes to assume the mantle of an authority he simply hasn’t earned. As I noted then: A lawyer, by training, not a scientist, Ruckelshaus was the man responsible for instituting the   ban on DDT. He did this on no scientific basis whatsoever. In fact, Judge Edmund Sweeney had presided over a   EPA hearing, examining more than 9, 000 pages of expert testimony, and concluded: “DDT is not a carcinogenic hazard to man  …    DDT is not a mutagenic or teratogenic hazard to man  …    The use of DDT under the regulations involved here do not have a deleterious effect on freshwater fish, estuarine organisms, wild birds or other wildlife. ” Ruckelshaus, who had not attended the hearings or read the report, overruled him. Which probably made not much difference in the United States. But the   effects of the near worldwide ban that followed meant that DDT could no longer be used to control mosquito populations, which in turn led to an explosion in malaria, causing the death of millions. Subsequently Ruckelshaus has distinguished himself by endorsing Barack Obama for U. S. president in 2008 and most recently, by heading the Washington Blue Ribbon Panel on Ocean Acidification. [Ocean Acidification, of course, being yet another scientifically dubious scare story designed mainly to prop up the lucrative global    industry] I don’t doubt  —   as Ruckelshaus claims in his New York Times article  —   that the public, whatever their politics, are keen to have clean water and clean air. But the way he puts it smacks of the dishonest rhetoric of the D. C. Establishment using emotive cheap tricks to try to protect their power base and their revenue stream. Ruckelshaus writes: Voters may have supported Donald J. Trump believing his campaign rhetoric about the E. P. A. But they don’t want their kids choking on polluted air or drinking tainted water any more than Hillary Clinton voters, and as soon as the agency stops doing its job, they’re going to be up in arm. Yadda yadda, creep. No more should we take lectures from you on childcare than we would have done from King Herod. No one’s suggesting that the EPA should pull back on its good regulations. It’s just the bad regulations that we’re worried about. And no one knows more about bad regulations than you do, Mr. Ruckelshaus. Truly, with your scientifically illiterate, politically opportunist and outrageously damaging actions on DDT, you set the bar.",0
14145,Wait a Minute! Is Early Voting Part of Campaigning?,"(39 fans) - Advertisement - 
We've long had early voting - by a few days, as I recall. And this wasn't something people were prompted to do. Voting License DMCA 
In most 'democratic' countries, campaigning stops twenty-four hours before an election, and during the election, exit polls are not broadcast until very late in the day. 
This year, for the first time, I believe, large numbers of people are voting weeks ahead of the election date, and what is most disturbing, is that the media is broadcasting the trends - so many democrats, so many republicans - even if they those votes have not yet been counted, and there could be any crossovers. I haven't seen anything about this on television and I presume the NYT has kept quiet about it, but it certainly doesn't look kosher to me. - Advertisement -",0
14146,"When It Comes to Fake News, the US Government Is the Biggest Culprit","Written by John W. Whitehead Tuesday November 22, 2016 We Americans are the ultimate innocents . We are forever desperate to believe that this time the government is telling us the truth.” —Former New York Times reporter Sydney Schanberg Let’s talk about fake news stories, shall we? There’s the garden variety fake news that is not really “news” so much as it is titillating, tabloid-worthy material peddled by anyone with a Twitter account, a Facebook page and an active imagination. Anyone with an ounce of sense and access to the Internet should be able to ferret out the truth and lies in these stories with some basic research. That these stories flourish is largely owing to the general gullibility, laziness and media illiteracy of the general public, which through its learned compliance rarely questions, challenges or confronts. Then there’s the more devious kind of news stories circulated by one of the biggest propagators of fake news : the US government. In the midst of the media’s sudden headline-blaring apoplexy over fake news, you won’t hear much about the government’s role in producing, planting and peddling propaganda-driven fake news— often with the help of the corporate news media —because that’s not how the game works. Why? Because the powers-that-be don’t want us skeptical of the government’s message or its corporate accomplices in the mainstream media . They don’t want us to be more discerning when it comes to what information we digest online. They just want us to be leery of independent or alternative news sources while trusting them—and their corporate colleagues—to vet the news for us. Indeed, the New York Times has suggested that Facebook and Google appoint themselves the arbiters of truth on the internet in order to screen out what is blatantly false, spam or click-baity. Not only would this establish a dangerous precedent for all-out censorship but it’s also a slick sleight-of-hand maneuver that diverts attention from what we should really be talking about: the fact that the government has grown dangerously out-of-control , all the while the so-called mainstream news media, which is supposed to act as a bulwark against government propaganda, has instead become the mouthpiece of the world’s largest corporation—the US government. Veteran journalist Carl Bernstein, who along with Bob Woodward blew the lid off the Watergate scandal, exposed the media’s collusion with the government in his expansive 1977 Rolling Stone piece, “The CIA and the Media.” As part of the CIA’s Operation Mockingbird, which was started in the 1950s, intelligence reports were planted among reporters at more than 25 major newspapers and wire agencies, who would then regurgitate them for a public oblivious to the fact that they were being fed government propaganda. In some instances, as Bernstein shows , members of the media also served as extensions of the surveillance state, with reporters actually carrying out assignments for the CIA. Executives with most of the major news outlets including CBS, the New York Times and Time magazine also worked closely with the CIA to vet the news. For example, in August 1964, the nation’s leading newspapers—including the Washington Post and New York Times—echoed Lyndon Johnson’s claim that North Vietnam had launched a second round of attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin. No such attacks had taken place, and yet the damage was done. As Jeff Cohen and Norman Solomon report for Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting , “By reporting official claims as absolute truths, American journalism opened the floodgates for the bloody Vietnam War.” If such collusion happened in the past, you can bet it’s still happening today, only it’s been reclassified, renamed and hidden behind layers of government secrecy, obfuscation and spin . Thus, whether you’re talking about the Cold War, the Vietnam War , the Gulf War, the government’s invasion of Iraq based upon absolute fabrications , or the government’s so-called war on terror, privacy and whistleblowers, you can bet it’s being driven by propaganda churned out by one corporate machine (the corporate-controlled government) and fed to the American people by way of yet another corporate machine (the corporate-controlled media). “For the first time in human history, there is a concerted strategy to manipulate global perception. And the mass media are operating as its compliant assistants, failing both to resist it and to expose it,” writes investigative journalist Nick Davies . “The sheer ease with which this machinery has been able to do its work reflects a creeping structural weakness which now afflicts the production of our news.” This use of propaganda disguised as journalism is what journalist John Pilger refers to as “invisible government… the true ruling power of our country.” As I make clear in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , we no longer have a Fourth Estate. Not when the “news” we receive is routinely manufactured, manipulated and made-to-order by government agents. Not when six corporations control 90% of the media in America . And not when, as Davies laments , “news organizations which might otherwise have exposed the truth were themselves part of the abuse, and so they kept silent, indulging in a comic parody of misreporting, hiding the emerging scandal from their readers like a Victorian nanny covering the children’s eyes from an accident in the street.” So let’s have no more of this handwringing, heart-wrenching, morally offended talk about fake news by media outlets that have become propagandists for the false reality created by the American government. After all, as Glenn Greenwald points out , “The term propaganda rings melodramatic and exaggerated, but a press that—whether from fear, careerism, or conviction—uncritically recites false government claims and reports them as fact, or treats elected officials with a reverence reserved for royalty, cannot be accurately described as engaged in any other function.” So where does that leave us? What should—or can—we do? I’ll close with John Pilger’s words of warning and advice : Real information, subversive information, remains the most potent power of all — and I believe that we must not fall into the trap of believing that the media speaks for the public… [The public] need[s] truth, and journalists ought to be agents of truth, not the courtiers of power. I believe a fifth estate is possible, the product of a people’s movement, that monitors, deconstructs, and counters the corporate media… In the United States wonderfully free rebellious spirits populate the web... The best reporting … appears on the web … and citizen reporters. The challenge for the rest of us is to lift this subjugated knowledge from out of the underground and take it to ordinary people. We need to make haste. Liberal Democracy is moving toward a form of corporate dictatorship. This is an historic shift, and the media must not be allowed to be its façade, but itself made into a popular, burning issue, and subjected to direct action. That great whistleblower Tom Paine warned that if the majority of the people were denied the truth and the ideas of truth, it was time to storm what he called the Bastille of words. That time is now. Reprinted with permission from the Rutherford Institute . Related",0
14147,"Alfred Hitchcock explains James Comey, the media and 2016’s ‘MacGuffin’","Alfred Hitchcock explains James Comey, the media and 2016’s ‘MacGuffin’ It takes a master of suspense to decode the final plot twists of this election. By Neal Gabler Posted on November 7, 2016 by Neal Gabler 
It is impossible to count the myriad ways in which the media botched FBI Director James Comey’s Friday announcement that the agency had found a cache of emails that seemingly (a key word) pertain to Hillary Clinton’s use of a private server. I heard the news via CNN at an airport while waiting to board a plane. No one needs to be told that CNN is a journalistic disgrace—a textbook case of the decline of American media, all the more depressing because, unlike Fox News and MSNBC, it purports to be a real news organization. Instead, it is a ratings machine, and it is beyond contemptible. 
So what I heard was Wolf Blitzer in his customary tizzy, as if Pearl Harbor had just been attacked, breathlessly ballyhooing Comey’s missive to Congress and asking what seemed to be an endless queue of talking heads to weigh in on what is now routinely called a “bombshell.” This too is a textbook example of media practice. In the movies, bombast has replaced narrative. The last half-hour of every blockbuster is obligatory and generic: noise, lots and lots and lots of noise, and a gazillion special effects until any vestige of story evaporates and your head throbs. Cable has done something similar with news. It is all pitch, no content. The hysteria can transform anything into a drama, which is precisely cable’s intention. 
This has been true of the Clinton emails since the beginning. It was always something of a hoax—a new chapter for a hungry media juicing its audience. Not one in a hundred voters can tell you the awful crime Clinton was supposed to have committed or why it matters. Not one in a hundred—and I would include journalists—have any idea of what really went down with these emails, as I discussed in an earlier post that highlighted the one reporter, Garrett M. Graff of Politico , who actually did something it appears no other reporter thought of doing: read the FBI’s summary account of the investigation. 
In effect, then, the Clinton emails have always been what the great film director Alfred Hitchcock called a “MacGuffin,” which Hitchcock described as the “device, the gimmick, if you will, that sets the plot in motion.” And he continued: “It doesn’t matter what it is. And the logicians are wrong in trying to figure out the truth of a MacGuffin, since it’s beside the point. The only thing that really matters is that in the picture, the plans, documents or secrets must seem to be of vital importance to the characters. To me, the narrator, they’re of no importance whatever.” 
It takes Alfred Hitchcock to reveal the secret of the emails as well as the basic operating principle of our political media. To the media, the emails are the primary plot device. In reality, they mean nothing. And I should add this: Should Donald Trump win this election, and he very well might now, historians 50 years from now will be scratching their heads over how something so inconsequential as a private email server could possibly have swayed the election. Emails! Really! How do we explain a MacGuffin overtaking our politics? 
The thing is that while the media have been obsessing over the MacGuffin, they have missed entirely the real story—the story that historians will examine and ponder. Oddly enough, it was arguably one of the world’s worst newspapers, England’s right-wing Daily Mail tabloid, which is about 10 notches below our own New York Post , which is 10 notches below any real newspaper, that broke the deeper story . 
The Daily Mail reported that FBI agents were incensed over Comey’s decision not to prosecute Clinton (so, says the paper, was Comey’s wife) and many submitted resignations in protest. Even when real newspapers finally caught up with this angle, they soft-peddled the significance of the nation’s primary investigative agency being an in-house right-wing force that was determined to veer the election toward Trump. The later dump of Bill Clinton documents only underscores the determination of the FBI to turn the election. 
That is real and really disturbing news—colossally big news, giant headline news. With his sudden announcement, Comey may or may not have been trying to pacify the GOP, which would have been bad enough. It does appear he was trying to raise morale among the Gestapo at his own agency by aiding Trump. And let’s be clear: He knew he was aiding Trump. 
That the media have largely ignored this aspect is both astonishing and depressing. The New York Times very delicately compared Comey to the late J. Edgar Hoover, who used the agency for his own devices, largely to settle personal grievances and advance his right-wing agenda. (And I mean very delicately. The media have always treated Comey as Diogenes.) 
But then the media are so caught up in their own hysteria over emails, they don’t have distance to view the big story. And when they aren’t preoccupied with the emails, they are preoccupied with how Comey’s revelation, seemingly in violation of Justice Department protocols and the Hatch Act, will affect the election. So you go from the MacGuffin to the horse race without ever having to engage anything substantive. 
You could say that Comey brilliantly played the media for his own benefit, knowing that they couldn’t resist and certainly wouldn’t investigate a new plot twist. Hitch knew the difference between an insubstantial MacGuffin and something that was important. Comey realized that the media don’t. Their confusion, along with their unwillingness to out the FBI and its seemingly alt-right agenda, could wind up being the decisive element in this election. It is the campaign equivalent of that deafening superhero movie climax—all noise, no sense. This post was first published on BillMoyers.com . 
Neal Gabler is an author of five books and the recipient of two LA Times Book Prizes, Time magazine’s non-fiction book of the year, USA Today’s biography of the year and other awards. He is also a senior fellow at The Norman Lear Center at the University of Southern California, and is currently writing a biography of Sen. Edward Kennedy.",0
14148,"Donald Trump, Aleppo, Golden Globes: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Top Republican leaders in Congress are setting up a stark confrontation with   Donald Trump by backing an investigation into Russian hacking during the election. “The Russians are not our friends,” said Senator Mitch McConnell, above. Hillary Clinton’s campaign called for all information about the meddling to be declassified. Mr. Trump is expected to announce on Tuesday that he has chosen Exxon Mobil chief Rex. W. Tillerson as his pick for secretary of state, rejecting bipartisan concern that he has forged a   relationship with Vladimir V. Putin, the president of Russia. _____ 2. China returned fire at Mr. Trump over his questioning of the   U. S. policy to recognize to Taiwan as part of “one China. ” A   tabloid said his grasp of foreign policy was “like a child. ” Our reporter analyzed five ways the Chinese could make life difficult for a Trump administration. _____ 3. One effect of Mr. Trump’s victory is playing out in abortion politics. In Ohio, an emboldened Republican statehouse passed two abortion bills  —   including one that could ban the procedure as early as six weeks, which is before many women even know they are pregnant. And people on both sides of the debate agree that there’s a possibility Roe v. Wade could be overturned during the Trump presidency. _____ 4. In Syria, Aleppo is falling. The forces of President Bashar   are within days, if not hours, of capturing the last corners of the country’s largest city. The seizure would be a turning point in the civil war, cementing government rule in all major cities and forcing the opposition to reckon with whether the armed rebellion has failed. _____ 5. Some of the world’s richest men  —   Microsoft’s Bill Gates, above, Alibaba’s Jack Ma and Amazon’s Jeff Bezos  —   joined other global business leaders to launch a fund that would invest more than $1 billion in “next generation energy technologies. ” And investors who control more than $5 trillion in assets have agreed to drop some or all of their fossil fuel stocks. The divestment movement has doubled in size in 15 months. _____ 6. In courts across the U. S.   offenders can get a chance to avoid the devastating consequences of a criminal record, taking classes and doing community service through a program called diversion. But our   examination found that in many places, only people with money could afford the fees to secure that second chance. Above, Marcy Willis, who struggled but is now just $25 from a clean record. _____ 7. About one in six American adults reported taking psychiatric drugs, according to a new analysis. And researchers say an increasing number of infants in the rural U. S. are born   largely to mothers on opioids. Some good news: a new study shows that simple lifestyle changes can have a major impact on lowering the risk of the No. 1 killer in the U. S. heart disease. _____ 8. The musical “La La Land,” above, snagged the most Golden Globe nominations this year, including best director, screenplay and lead actor and actress. Our critic said the movie could make “musicals matter again. ” Nominees for the best television drama include “This Is Us,” “The Crown,” “Game of Thrones,” “Stranger Things,” and “Westworld. ” _____ 9. It’s an auctioneer’s dream: a man walks in off the street with a jumble of drawings and mixed in is a   work by Leonardo da Vinci. The dream has come true for an auction house in Paris. Among a set of sketches collected by the father of a retired doctor was one experts believe is worth $15. 8 million. “My eyes jumped out of their sockets,” the authenticator said. _____ 10. Finally, when it comes to giving gifts, it turns out that nobody really cares how much thought you put into it. Here’s more advice from scientists who studied   rituals: Don’t aim for the “big reveal,” don’t be ashamed to regift, and if someone has asked for something, skip the surprise and buy it for them. And don’t give your spouse cash. Happy holidays. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14149,La Federación de Atletismo considerará maricón también al penúltimo,"La Federación de Atletismo considerará maricón también al penúltimo UN NUEVO GESTO A FAVOR DE LA INTEGRACIÓN Real Federación Española de Atletismo 
La Real Federación Española de Atletismo ha anunciado hoy que, a partir de enero, también se considerará maricón al penúltimo. Con esto la entidad pretende concienciar a la sociedad para que no se perciba como un fracaso ser homosexual. 
Asimismo, la medida persigue la consolidación en el habla popular de la frase “Maricón el último y el penúltimo”, propiciando un aliciente extra para correr más rápido. Si la propuesta funciona, no se descarta implementarla por arriba y considerar al subcampeón “Maricón de plata”. 
“Creemos que ‘maricón el último’ es un concepto ya anticuado y denigrante. Necesitaba urgentemente adaptarse a los nuevos tiempos para que lo de ser maricón se considerara un acicate”, ha dicho el presidente de la federación, José Joaquín “El Bala”. La decisión ha sido aplaudida por los corredores más lentos de la federación, que se habían quejado reiteradamente de la soledad que se siente al ser el único maricón reconocido de una carrera. 
Pero este no es el único cambio en la normativa. Con el fin de dejar de promover el uso de armas de fuego, los jueces de pista ya no indicarán el inicio de las carreras con pistolas sino con flautines. Según la web de la federación, los atletas no podrán empezar a correr hasta que no suene la última nota de “El Himno de la Alegría”.",0
14150,McCain Backtracks on Opposition to Any Clinton Supreme Court Pick,"Email 
To no one’s surprise, Senator John McCain (R-Ariz) quickly backtracked on a bold statement a few days ago, when he said, “I promise you that we will, we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton — if she were president — would put up. This is why we need a majority.” 
McCain made his remarks to a Philadelphia radio station while campaigning for Senator Pat Toomey (R-Pa.), in support of Toomey’s reelection bid. 
But before pleasantly surprised constitutional conservatives could even raise their hand to pat McCain on the back, he quickly changed his tune, speaking through a spokesperson, Rachael Dean. She “clarified” McCain’s earlier remarks by saying that McCain “believes you can only judge people by their record,” pointing to Clinton’s “clear record of supporting liberal judicial nominees.” 
With this in mind, she concluded, “Senator McCain will, of course, thoroughly examine the record of any Supreme Court nominee put before the Senate and vote for or against that individual based on their qualifications as he has done throughout his career.” 
Even the most dedicated constitutionalist would agree that were a President Hillary Clinton to nominate a clone of Antonin Scalia, it would be wise and acceptable to confirm such a person. However, considering Clinton’s public statements, the chances of that happening are nil. 
On the contrary, it is very clear that she intends to nominate judges who would implement her radical social agenda. “I do have a litmus test, I have a bunch of litmus tests, because the next president could get as many as three appointments,” Clinton has said. 
In the final debate with Donald Trump, she reemphasized her position that she will nominate only judges she is sure will agree with her political viewpoint. Moderator Brett Baier of Fox News asked one of the better questions in recent debate history, when he asked both Clinton and Trump, “Where do you want to see the court take the country? And secondly, what’s your view of how the Constitution should be interpreted? Do the founders’ words mean what they say or is it a living document to be applied flexibly according to changing circumstances?” 
While she did not answer Baier’s query directly, her response is nevertheless instructive. “You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central question in this election, namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have?” 
It should be noted that Clinton explicitly said that she intends for her Supreme Court picks to determine “what kind of country” we are going to have, and “What kind of rights will Americans have.” Clinton’s previous statements in which she has advocated for laws that are in conflict with the Second Amendment, indicates that she does not intend for Americans to enjoy the right to keep and bear arms. She has said that she considers gun laws in Australia as examples of the type of “common sense” gun laws she would like to see enacted in the United States. In Australia, entire classes of guns were confiscated! 
Clinton continued in her response to Baier, “I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy.” 
One would think the role of the judge is not to “side” with anyone, unless the Constitution and conforming statutes are on that person’s “side.” Here, it is clear that Clinton favors judicial bias. Judges in ancient Israel were explicitly forbidden to favor one “side” in a dispute, based on their wealth or lack thereof: “Ye shall not do unjustly in judgment: Thou shalt not favor the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty, but thou shalt judge thy neighbor justly” (Leviticus 19:5). During his confirmation hearings, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts got it right, echoing the Old Testament standard, when he said the little guy should win when the law favors him, and the big corporation should win when the law goes the other way. 
Just what does Clinton mean by her support of a biased judiciary? “For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women’s rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United.” 
Clinton then becomes more specific, telling Baier that “at this point in our country’s history, it is important that we not reverse marriage equality, that we not reverse Roe v. Wade , that we stand up against Citizens United, we stand up for the rights of people in the workplace, that we stand up and basically say: The Supreme Court should represent all of us.” 
Perhaps Clinton has forgotten that the federal government includes a House of Representatives , who are, along with the Senate, invested with the job of representing us. The job of the Supreme Court, on the other hand, is not to serve as some sort of super-legislature, substituting their judgment for the legislative branch, but to interpret and apply the Constitution and the laws passed “in pursuance thereof” to actual cases that arise in the federal court system. 
Secondly, it is disingenuous for Clinton to say she is for a Supreme Court that represents “all of us,” when she has already said that it should take a “side” in cases that come before it. Clearly, she does not want the Court to represent unborn children, for she has already said she favors legalized abortion. 
Finally, Clinton gave us a clear picture of how she sees the role of the Senate in the selection of judges to the federal courts. “I would hope that the Senate would do its job and confirm the nominee that President Obama has sent to them. That’s the way the Constitution fundamentally should operate.” 
So the way the Constitution should “operate” is for the Senate to simply confirm the nominee sent to them by the president. If the Senate’s role is to simply confirm any person sent to them by the president, then why even allow the Senate to even have a vote at all? 
Of course, Clinton (and Obama) had a different view when the president was a Republican and they were in the Senate. Both of them voted to filibuster the nomination of Judge Samuel Alito. This is proof that she actually believes there is a role for the Senate in the selection of federal judges, including those who sit on the Supreme Court --- when it fits her bias. 
Senator McCain’s remarks actually make perfect sense — both his original comments and his clarification. Hopefully, any senator who values the Constitution of the United States would vote against a Clinton nominee because she has made it clear that she intends to send them judges who will carry out her progressive agenda. On the other hand, were she to nominate a judge who actually takes the oath to uphold the Constitution seriously, McCain and the rest of the Senate should give them due consideration. 
Senator Mike Lee (R-Utah) has argued that there is no real difference between Merrick Garland (whom Obama has nominated to the Supreme Court) and any judge Clinton would tap. “Not a single Democratic nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court since [Byron White in 1962, who was nominated by Democrat President John Kennedy] has voted independently.” 
Even the liberal Washington Post editorialized against Clinton’s position. “As a potential president, Ms. Clinton should have more respect for the independence and dignity of the judiciary as a co-equal but non-political branch of government. Selecting judges is not just policymaking through other means — or, at least, it should not be.” 
This brings us to the important question that the U.S. Senate will have to answer, should Hillary Clinton win the White House next month. Are they obligated to confirm just any nominee sent up Pennsylvania Avenue by the president? In Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution, the president is given the power to nominate “by, and with the advice and consent of the Senate … judges of the Supreme Court.” 
The refreshingly blunt statement by McCain, if widely adopted by other Republicans in the Senate, would constitute “advice” to the president, that advice being quite clear. If you, Hillary Rodham Clinton, send us a candidate for the Supreme Court who does not see as his or her role as to uphold the Constitution and the laws (made in pursuance thereof) of the United States, then we will not confirm that individual. 
In fact, the Obama nomination of Judge Garland, and the Senate’s response, should serve as model for proper Senate behavior. If a President Clinton sends a person who is more of a community organizer than an impartial judge, then why even bother to waste the taxpayers’ money having hearings? She has told the Senate in her public statements that her intention is to nominate judges who will implement her radical political agenda. If she were to follow through with that promise, then it would be better for the Senate to allow the ninth position on the High Court to remain vacant. 
The Constitution does not mandate a certain number of judges on the Supreme Court, although it has been nine, by statute, for the past 150 years. Clinton’s desire to have a compliant Supreme Court and a compliant Senate is not unprecedented, but the Senate should not give into her lust for power. 
In 1937, the U.S. Senate, overwhelmingly Democratic-controlled, overwhelmingly rejected the effort by Democrat President Franklin Roosevelt to add six more members to the Supreme Court. Roosevelt was hopeful that his “court-packing” plan would lead to a more compliant Supreme Court, which had rejected some of his programs, such as the case when they had declared, 9-0, that the National Recovery Act was unconstitutional in the famous Schecter v. United States “sick chicken” case. 
But that Senate, with a strong Democrat majority, told FDR no. Hopefully, a Republican-majority Senate would do the same thing, were a President Clinton to send them a nominee who shared her disrespect for the Constitution. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
14151,Tunisia Fears the Return of Thousands of Young Jihadists - The New York Times,"TUNIS  —   Tunisia has sent more fighters abroad to join the ranks of the Islamic State than any other country. And now, as the Islamic State takes a battering on the battlefields of Syria and Iraq, the country is at odds over what to do if and when they come home. Tunisians have been dealing with a frenzied polemic in recent weeks, as secularists have raised fears that a returning wave will bring further mayhem to this fragile state and Islamists have been forced to condemn the jihadists. “How can we accept those people who are professionals in war, in the use of arms and have a culture of being terrorists?” asked Badra Gaaloul, a   analyst who heads the International Center of Strategic, Security and Military Studies. “We in Tunisia are in crisis, and we cannot accept these people. ” “It is a nightmare for Tunisia,” she added. “We are not ready for that. ” The concern is not academic. Ms. Gaaloul, among others, points to the experience of Algeria, which suffered through a   insurgency in the 1990s when jihadists returned from Afghanistan set on establishing Islamic law, and the army led a brutal war to crush them. Already there are signs that some of the 5, 500 Tunisians who have gone abroad, according to United Nations estimates, are seeking new targets at home and in Europe, where Tunisians have been implicated in several recent terrorist cases in France and Germany. For Tunisia, there is no easy solution. The new Constitution does not allow the government to bar them. They can be locked up for joining a terrorist group, or for committing crimes abroad, but cases are hard to build and charges difficult to prove. The president proposed amnesty, only to be vigorously opposed. So the country has settled into a harsh, and potentially illegal, system of monitoring. Domestic opponents and international rights groups, including Human Rights Watch last year and Amnesty International in a report issued in February, are protesting it as counterproductive. The threat of imprisonment and torture is deterring many from returning home, in effect rendering them stateless. Some are hiding in Turkey and Europe, where they may be ticking time bombs. There is no government program to   returning fighters or reintegrate them into society, said Ridha Raddaoui, a lawyer and   of a new report on terrorism in Tunisia by the Tunisian Forum for Economic and Social Rights. Families of suspects and fighters who have returned are persecuted rather than supported, he said. “The methods are pushing people to terrorism,” Mr. Raddaoui said. “We think the victims of terrorism are also the families. ” Tunisian fighters still hold prominent positions in the Islamic State and the Nusra Front in Syria. But of greater threat to Tunisia are those in Libya affiliated with Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, which is active in a   countries across North Africa and vows to bring Islamic rule to Tunisia and all of North Africa. “Their aim is still to destabilize the state,” said Col. Mokhtar Ben Nasr, who heads military analysis at the Tunisian Center for Global Security Studies. “They want to make people rise up over poverty and injustice, and they do propaganda to that effect. ” The violence the returning fighters and others who have been radicalized can sow has already been witnessed in Tunisia, which has suffered a drastic rise in instability and terrorism since the Arab Spring uprising of  . After the revolution, Qaeda followers, released from prison or returned from exile, were quick to exploit the new freedoms, taking over the mosques and establishing a network of cells across the country and training camps in Libya. While many interpreted the Arab Spring as proof that people power was more potent that terrorism, Al Qaeda was faster to organize than any other political movement and became the main terrorist threat to the country, according to the report on terrorism. “The terrorist current was one of the main beneficiaries of the Tunisian revolution,” the report concludes. “From the first months it quickly profited from the release of its detained members and from the climate of freedom to rebuild itself. ” Terrorists benefited from outside support, but their growth was critically linked to Tunisia’s internal problems, the report also said. By 2013, insurgents were embedded in the mountains on the western border with Algeria, and groups in the cities began a campaign of political assassinations, ambushes on the police and army, and suicide attacks. Since then, Tunisia has been hit by more than 50 terrorist attacks, including increasingly spectacular assaults orchestrated by groups based in Libya. More than 70 people were killed in mass shootings in 2015, many of them foreign tourists at the national Bardo Museum in Tunis and at a beach resort in Sousse. A suicide attacker killed 12 members of the presidential guard in central Tunis in November the same year. In their most ambitious attack to date, hundreds of Tunisian fighters tried to seize control of the Tunisian border town of Ben Gardane in March last year and fought Tunisian security forces in the streets for several hours. Tunisian officials insist their security forces are getting a grip on terrorism inside the country. Indeed, the rate of attacks has fallen off in recent months. “There has been a lot of work by the police and army,” Colonel Ben Nasr said. “They have dismantled the logistics and recruitment networks, and there is no longer this support system that there was in 2012 and 2013. ” United States airstrikes in Libya last February targeted a major Tunisian camp, where the perpetrators of the 2015 attacks had trained, and helped push the Islamic State out of the city of Surt  —   both major blows to the jihadists in Libya. Up to 400 Tunisian fighters were killed in Libya in the past year, according to Libyan security forces, yet hundreds remain at large, dispersed around the country and in camps in southern Libya. Al Qaeda’s leader, Ayman   called on Tunisians in a recent audio message to wage jihad to “excise tyranny” from the country. Researchers studying radicalization in Tunisia say police harassment is still pushing young people to run off and join the extremists. “Their territory is diminishing but not their numbers,” said Mohamed Iqbal Ben Rejeb, who founded the Rescue Association of Tunisians Trapped Abroad after his brother was recruited to fight in Syria. In December, President Béji Caïd Essebsi of Tunisia floated the idea of a pardon for returning fighters, saying there was no more room in the prisons. But after opposition protesters flooded the news media and television chat shows, he ruled out the idea, promising there would be no pardon and no amnesty. Islamist leaders, who have been sympathetic to young jihadists, have joined him in insisting that all returning fighters go before the courts on their return. “Those who survive will have to go before justice and pay for what they did,” Abdelfattah Mourou, a   of the Ennahda party and deputy speaker of Parliament, said in an interview. “They killed people, and they have to pay. ” But human rights activists and others say that leaving the jihadists no way out allows the cycle of radicalization to continue. Mr. Ben Rejeb said he knew of dozens of Tunisians who wanted to come home, many of them trapped in jails in Syria and Libya. The government will not be able to stop fighters from returning, said Mr. Raddaoui, the lawyer, and it may well find it difficult to pin crimes on them for lack of evidence. “There are no autopsies, no police reports,” he said of the crimes committed on distant battlefields. Of greater concern, Mr. Raddaoui said, is that in reading the court papers of the 500 Tunisians who have been processed since their return, he has seen no remorse. “What they admit to, they do not regret at all,” he said.",0
14152,Massive “Hillary For Prison” sign held up at World Series game 5 infuriates liberals,"Massive “Hillary For Prison” sign held up at World Series game 5 infuriates liberals See what made liberals so mad By Staff Writer - October 31, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — A massive “ Hillary For Prison ” sign was held up at the post games show for the World Series game number five which made liberals furious Sunday night. 
During the show the “sign was displayed prominently behind the commentators,” Youtuber Mark Dice reported. 
#HillaryForPrison",0
14153,The Neo-Liberal Globalist Wish List,"The Neo-Liberal Globalist Wish List 
Hunter Wallace Occidental Dissent October 29, 2016 
I read all the #TruCon pundits. I even read the people like Damon Linker who write about the groupthink of #TruCon pundits : 
âSome important segments of the party are quite happy with the way things were before Trump burst on the scene â with the GOPâs post-Reagan optimism, idealism, and conservative moralism; with the presumption that the country benefits when using military force to impose order around the globe; with the often unstated assumption that all Americans of every economic and cultural echelon automatically thrive when the nationâs entrepreneurial class is given everything on its wish list (massive tax cuts along with open borders and markets). Plenty of people are perfectly content with this governing vision, including most conservative pundits, much of the partyâs donor class, many senior officials and officeholders, most Mormons (including McMullin and his most passionate Utah supporters), many conservative Catholics, and some evangelical Protestants.â 
I liked that image. I hope he doesnât mind me borrowing it. 
Anyway, Damon Linker makes a good point here that gets to the heart of the issue: the âgoverning wingâ of the Republican Party is used to getting its way, and #NeverTrumpism is their revenge on their âbaseâ (i.e., your votes belong to them) for defying its wishes and rejecting Bush, Rubio and Kasich in the primaries. 
Mario Loyola has a plan for reconciliation between #NeverTrump and Trump supporters: 
âStill, the best outcome of this election, from the point of view of a traditional conservative Republican, is for Trump and the GOP to have a landslide victory and then for Trump to resign immediately in favor of Vice President Mike Pence, who is both eminently qualified to be president and a real conservative. âŚ 
Pledge to impeach. Should God elect to ignore my prayer, and should President Trump prove to be as bad a president as his detractors fear, then it is my duty and the duty of my fellow Republican members of Congress to impeach him. And I will apply that same rule to any president of my own party who fails to uphold the honor of the presidency. GOP members face a painful dilemma in Trump, but thereâs another side to that coin. GOP members of Congress have a unique power that nobody else in the land possesses â namely, the ability to pull the curtain down on a Trump presidency by impeaching him.â 
The plan is to elect Trump. He will be given the chance to sign off on our neo-liberal globalist agenda âŚ or else, Paul Ryan and the #TruCons in the House will impeach him for âhigh crimesâ against the establishment. Isnât it strange that Trump supporters donât seem to care much about the #NeverTrump downballot? 
He continues: 
âTo do that, conservatives will need Trump supporters. Indeed, they will need to prevail not just among Trump supporters, but among Democrats as well. The international consensus for low regulation, low taxation, and free trade, enshrined in the Bonn Declaration of 1985, later elaborated as the âWashington Consensus,â must be restored to its former state of acceptance among both parties. 
The neo-liberal globalist consensus (Team America World Police, globalization, open borders, low-taxes, Wall Street deregulation) among both parties (read: the uniparty) has to be restored to âits former state of acceptance.â 
Kevin Williamson, who you might recall is famous for his declaration that White working class communities suffering from an opioid epidemic ought to die, is mounting a defense of the #TruCons in the GOP Congress : 
âThe Republican party â stupid and corrupt as it often is â has in fact provided a number of dramatic victories for conservatives in recent years: the spread of right-to-work laws and school-choice programs, lower tax rates, trade liberalization, affirmations of the First and Second Amendments, restrictions on abortion, including a national ban on partial-birth abortion, etc. (See Charles C. W. Cooke, âWhat Has Conservatism Ever Done for Us?â) Consider the state-level work that has been done in Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Texas, and Oklahoma. These are not trivial victories â these are the small things that in the end add up to big things. âŚ 
The Republican majority in Congress is like a hard and unpleasant job with long hours, but one that pays reasonably well: If you donât like it, try doing without it for a while and see how that works out for you.â 
You will be sorry when we are gone! 
Weâve conserved a low top marginal income tax rate and globalization. Weâve busted the unions, cut onerous regulations for hedge fund managers, kept the borders open to Third World immigration for half a century, and spread right-to-work laws. Weâve given strong rhetorical support to ending abortion and let the assault weapons ban expire when George W. Bush was president. Why arenât you rednecks satisfied? 
There was so much more for you we could have done with Rubio as president. We could have had Dow 38,000! We could have had World War III over the Donbass!",0
14154,Katie Hopkins to Leave LBC Following ’Final Solution’ Tweet,"Outspoken broadcaster Katie Hopkins is parting ways with LBC Radio “immediately” following a controversial tweet in which she called for a “final solution” to Islamic terrorism. [Hopkins amended the tweet to read “true solution” soon after posting it on Tuesday, explaining that she had found the “typo” to be “disrespectful” to the victims of the attack on the Manchester Arena on Monday which killed 22 people.  But fellow Twitter users were quick to make the connection to the holocaust, labelling Hopkins a “Nazi”. 22 dead  —   number rising. Schofield. Don’t you even dare. Do not be part of the problem. We need a true solution. #ManchesterArena,  —   Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) May 23, 2017,  @KTHopkins How come you changed this from “final solution” to “true solution”? Come on, stand by those nazi words, nazi. pic. twitter.   —      (@JohnSeaborn) May 23, 2017,  @JohnSeaborn I stand by my tweet. I find the typo disrespectful to the survivors in Manchester,  —   Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) May 23, 2017,  Later the same day Hopkins was accused of inciting racial hatred after she tweeted “Western men. These are your wives. Your daughters. Your sons. Rise up. Demand action. Do not carry on as normal. Cowed. ” Both tweets were reported to the police for hate speech. The Met’s Contact Centre Twitter account confirming that complaints had been received and would be “assessed by specialist officers”. This is the response from the Met Police to the slaughter of our children in Manchester pic. twitter.   —   Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) May 23, 2017,  This is not the first time Hopkins’ tweets have landed her in trouble. In March, she was ordered to pay £24, 000 in damages and £107, 000 in costs to social justice activist Jack Monroe after wrongly accusing her of vandalising war memorials. Hopkins had meant to direct her tweet to New Stateman columnist Laurie Penny, who had shown indifference to a memorial to the Women of World War II being sprayed with graffiti reading “Fuck Tory scum”. On Friday morning, LBC Radio appeared to have reached breaking point with Hopkins, announcing via Twitter that she would no longer be hosting her two hour slot, “effective immediately”. LBC and Katie Hopkins have agreed that Katie will leave LBC effective immediately.  —   LBC (@LBC) May 26, 2017,  The station refused to either confirm or deny that Hopkins had been sacked. A spokesman probed for further details responded: “That’s all we’re saying. ” The BBC’s Amol Rajan has reported that there were “massive cheers and applause” from the station’s newsroom when her departure was announced.",0
14155,This Professor Devotes Her Life to Countering Dangerous Speech. She Can’t Ignore Donald Trump’s.,"Loading Posted on November 2, 2016 This Professor Devotes Her Life to Countering Dangerous Speech. She Can’t Ignore Donald Trump’s. Colby Itkowitz, Washington Post, October 24, 2016 
When Susan Benesch began looking at how speech could incite mass violence, her research took her to far-flung places like Kenya and Burma. 
Lately, she’s been unable to ignore a case study at home in the United States. 
The American University law professor and Harvard University faculty associate has grappled for months with whether Donald Trump’s rhetoric constitutes dangerous speech as she has come to define it. She has examined election-year speech before, but only abroad where the risks of mass atrocities were great. 
But in the past week, with Trump claiming that the election system and the media are rigged against him, his messages have the type of undertone that increases the risk of violence between groups, she said. 
Benesch, 52, has dedicated the past six years of her life to developing and testing a framework for identifying dangerous speech. To rise to that level, at least two of these five indicators must be true: A powerful speaker with a high degree of influence over the audience. The audience has grievances and fears that the speaker can cultivate. A speech act that is clearly understood as a call to violence. A social or historical context that is propitious for violence, for any of a variety of reasons, including long-standing competition between groups for resources, lack of efforts to solve grievances or previous episodes of violence. A means of dissemination that is influential in itself, for example because it is the sole or primary source of news for the relevan t audience. 
“Trump’s speech is very difficult in the sense that he is so often slippery with it,” Benesch said in a recent interview. “The meaning is so often ambiguous.” 
But when Trump said his supporters could use the Second Amendment against Hillary Clinton, “it seems to me impossible that people didn’t understand that as a reference to violence,” she said. Or when he suggested that Clinton and President Obama were founders of the Islamic State, something he alluded to again at Wednesday’s final debate, that was a “hallmark of dangerous speech to describe an in-group member as the enemy,” she said. 
And now, with Trump trafficking in the conspiracy theory that if he loses the election it will be because of a rigged system against him, he’s definitely laying the groundwork for potential unrest after the balloting. Direct incitement of violence is illegal, but Trump falls short of actually calling for any kind of civil disobedience. 
Because of that, it’s still a gray area that surrounds whether Trump does use dangerous speech. 
“Trump may well be undermining the extent to which his supporters trust the essential institutions and practices of U.S. democracy,” Benesch said. “Some of them–those who are most susceptible to being inflamed by such messages–may therefore be more likely to commit violence. However, the United States is not in danger of mass intergroup violence, in my view. It is deeply irresponsible, though, since it can undermine some Americans’ belief in our own democratic institutions, which can make them more susceptible to dangerous speech going forward.” 
{snip}",0
14156,Ice-T Hasn’t Totally Lost His Taste for Rage - The New York Times,"  claims that original copies of the album featuring “Cop Killer” are so rare, even he doesn’t have one. “The only way you can get it now is on YouTube,” he said. “They’re on Amazon, and they’re pretty expensive, too. ” (Interested collectors would be advised to check out eBay.) Nearly 25 years ago,   (the   star born Tracy Marrow) and Body Count put out that deliberately      response to police brutality, prompting outrage from President George H. W. Bush and police groups everywhere. The heat became too much for even an outspoken West Coast   pioneer  —   “the vice president was on my bumper,” he said  —   and he agreed to pull the song from new copies of the album. Body Count, which releases its sixth album, “Bloodlust,” on Friday, formed when  ’s Crenshaw High School friend Ernie C needed an outlet to play impossibly fast guitar. Then well known for vivid     songs like “Colors” and “Lethal Weapon,”   introduced the band to crowds on the 1991 Lollapalooza tour. Now 59, he has gone on to portray one of television’s   police characters, Detective Fin Tutuola of “Law  Order: Special Victims Unit,” a point that this “Cop Killer” singer notes with a rumbling laugh. On its first album since the 2014 LP “Manslaughter,” Body Count remains heavy and uncompromising, threatening   violence on “The Ski Mask Way” and pausing for political commentary on “No Lives Matter. ” By phone from his Edgewater, N. J. home, where his    daughter was cooing in the background,   cheerfully reeled off expletives abundantly enough to complicate the editing of these excerpts from the conversation.  Why was it important to include a discussion and defense of Black Lives Matter on the album?  Because I just felt people were really confused. “You think black people, when they say Black Lives Matter, that’s a statement of power. That’s a statement of despair. ” It’s like, come on, man, stop killing us. One of my jobs in music is to try to explain stuff  —   “Ice, break it down. ” I tried to break it down in a way that you understood: We as black people are just trying to be treated as human beings, and our lives are valuable. Body Count has evolved from shocking to philosophical. On this album, you say, “The ability to kill is innate as our ability to love. ” Why? I’m an older guy now, and I see things. Your perspective is different. The early Body Count, I was much more angry, but I didn’t know why. Now I’m trying to explain it. One guy told me the other day: “Ice, you’re very lucky, because you’ve been able to see it from the poor man and the   man, and that’s a view very few people get to see. ” Also, let’s be real, when I came out, there was no internet. You could shock people easy. There was no Eminem. Last September, you said of Donald J. Trump, then a presidential candidate: “I’m kinda scared of that dude. ” Still feel that way? I think everybody does. He’s a little too hotheaded to have that much power. When you’re basically running the biggest army, [for] the most powerful country on earth, you don’t have to be all excited and amped you can’t get aggravated like that. Obama was catching Osama bin Laden [while he was] out to dinner, giving people daps.  . That’s how presidents react. You don’t get at mad at Nordstrom. Like, come on, son. N. W. A made “Straight Outta Compton,” but you did West Coast gangster rap first. Do you ever think, “Where’s my biopic?” Nah, nah, nah, nah, absolutely not. People were asking, “Was I out first? ,” and [Ice] Cube and them will tell you. Everybody knows. We used to tour together. I’m just glad the homies got their stories told. I have no desire to do a biopic. What if you do a biopic, and nobody comes to see it? Dear God. I’m good. That’s too risky for me. How quickly did you say yes to the insurance commercial in which you are sitting with adorable kids at a lemonade stand? Once I read it, I thought it was funny. I always try to let people know that the guy on the record is me, but also the guy sitting at home with his kid is me, the guy on “SVU. ” I’m all those people. I’m not a   person. People look at me like, “Oh, wow, I heard your album, I figure you live in a house full of meat hooks, with people hanging. ” No, no, no, no, no. The only bad part about it is, I walk around now, people yell, “Hey, lemonade!”",0
14157,"Why Jimmy Breslin Matters: Fresh Truths, Bluntly Told - The New York Times","Ruben Blancovich, at age 11, knew nothing about the man who came to his family’s apartment in East Harlem on a winter day in 1980. “I remember discussing ‘The Red Badge of Courage’ with him,” Mr. Blancovich, now 48, said on Tuesday. And on a spring afternoon in 1985, there was no reason for Mark Davidson, age 18, to know the   white man waiting for him in an office on Queens Boulevard. Mr. Davidson’s lawyer had instructed him to tell the man his story. So he did. The man was Jimmy Breslin, a columnist, novelist, dramatist and biographer, about halfway through a career that began in the late 1940s. “I was just a kid,” Mr. Davidson, now 50, said on Monday. “A senior at Martin Van Buren. I didn’t know how iconic a news reporter he was at the time. ” Mr. Breslin died Sunday at 88, and had been mostly out of the public eye for more than a decade he may be as much of a mystery to a young person today as he was to Mark Davidson and Ruben Blancovich in the 1980s. From the long arc of his public work and life, what remains are deep truths that he told bluntly, and that he saw because he stepped away from the crowd. Before Mark Davidson and Ruben Blancovich were born, Mr. Breslin had written about the funeral of John F. Kennedy as seen by the man who dug the grave. Along the route of a voting rights march in 1965 led by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Mr. Breslin found an unheated schoolhouse for black children in “a wooden building that was a church when people in Lowndes County wore Confederate uniforms,” he wrote, noting a teacher’s remark that while it did get cold sometimes, “we hardly ever get near zero. ” At the rear of the march was Albert Turner whose pay stub showed $27. 52 in taxes withheld by a government that would not let him vote. “He is   but he has a little weight on him and he grunted while he walked along,” Mr. Breslin wrote. “Sweat showed on the two creases on the back of his neck. He is just a bricklayer from Marion, in nearby Perry County, and he marches with no ceremony, and with his head down, and he was the last one in line yesterday. ” In April 1985, Mr. Davidson was arrested near his home in Ozone Park, Queens, by officers from the 106th Precinct and accused of selling two $5 bags of pot to one who was undercover. The officers demanded that he turn over the buy money. Mr. Davidson, who had 26 cents in his pocket, said he had nothing to do with it. “Davidson says when he refused to answer, the man put something on his back which gave him an electric shock,” Mr. Breslin wrote. “Davidson says he turned around and saw the tall man holding something that was black and fit in his hand and had two metal prongs about six inches long. The man then started to apply the prongs to Davidson’s body, front and back, and sent shocks through him repeatedly. ” Mr. Davidson’s lawyer, Marvyn Kornberg, had already gotten the attention of prosecutors but also contacted Mr. Breslin, then writing for The Daily News. The officers went to prison. “Jimmy Breslin was the one that broke the story, and being that it was him reporting it, it made the story more credible,” Mr. Davidson, now a schoolteacher in Atlanta, said. When he showed Mr. Breslin the spots on his stomach and his back where his skin had been fried, “you could tell he was angry,” Mr. Davidson said. The New York of the 1970s and 1980s was slumping into decay Mr. Breslin, his friend Pete Hamill, and the Times columnist Francis X. Clines were among the leading voices to insist that the people of the city should not be mistaken for its wreckage. “He went under a desk in his bedroom and brought out some of the books he has been reading,” Mr. Breslin wrote of Ruben Blancovich, then a sixth grader in Public School 206 who started in the third grade able to read some words only in Spanish and a few in English. “A paperback collection of major American poets, ‘A Christmas Carol’ by Charles Dickens, the novel ‘April Morning’ by Howard Fast, and a   book, ‘Colonial Craftsmen,’ with drawings and text by Edwin Tunis. ” Mr. Blancovich, who now lives in Albany, went on to Yale and a career in banking and entrepreneurship. He was grateful for the attention Mr. Breslin gave to a school that worked well. He “was looking at things that the rest of the news wasn’t focusing on,” Mr. Blancovich said. He still has his copy of “The Red Badge of Courage,” he said, and the clipping of Mr. Breslin’s column.",0
14158,And the Oscar Winners Will Be ... - The New York Times,"The Carpetbagger has spent months reporting on the awards season. Here, she predicts the Oscar winners. Make your own Oscar picks with this interactive ballot. From its   premiere at the Venice Film Festival last summer, “La La Land,” the tale of   strivers reaching for   glory, has charmed best picture wins out of prize givers. It has it all  —   singing, dancing, Ryan Gosling, summer frocks that never wrinkle  —   along with a muted choir of dissenters who don’t understand all the fuss. One crucial win “La La” missed was the top Screen Actors Guild Award, an Oscar bellwether that went instead to “Hidden Figures,” adding a measure of frisson to a race that’s all but sewn up. That boost for “Hidden Figures” is certainly giving “La La Land” a bit of competition, as is the indie favorite, “Moonlight,” a surprise hit with an ardent fan base. The failure of “La La Land” to land even a SAG nomination is injurious but hardly fatal. (The musical is a   not an ensemble.) By now, it is hard to imagine anything stopping the momentum of “La La Land. ” It is heading into the Academy Awards with 14 nominations, tying the previous record holders, “Titanic” and “All About Eve. ” Another point to remember is that when it comes to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, “best picture” really means “most popular picture. ” And “La La Land” is about something that academy voters cherish above all: themselves. You know it’s a tight race when Amy Adams and Annette Bening are shut out despite critically lauded performances in equally lauded films. But Emma Stone is the heavy favorite for her turn in “La La Land,” having snagged the Golden Globe, the Bafta and the Screen Actors Guild Award. Whether Ms. Stone really bested her fellow Oscar contenders Meryl Streep, Ruth Negga, Natalie Portman and Isabelle Huppert is a matter of opinion, but other factors work in her favor: She largely carried an enormously popular film, she’s an ingénue in Hollywood’s eyes, she’s well liked by the academy, and she has been nominated for an Oscar before. While Ms. Huppert is putting up stiff competition, it’s almost assuredly Ms. Stone’s year. Casey Affleck has been in the Oscar race before but didn’t win. His   turn in “Manchester by the Sea,” along with his many triumphs all season long, pointed to Oscar gold. Then the Screen Actors Guild Award for best actor went to Denzel Washington (“Fences”) an upset that shocked everyone, even Mr. Washington. Given that the actors’ branch is the academy’s largest, and that most SAG winners go on to nab Oscars, Mr. Washington seems well poised to win. (And for Mr. Affleck, renewed attention to 2010 sexual harassment complaints that he settled didn’t help.) But Mr. Washington already has two Oscars, and only six actors in history have won more. So I’m betting on Mr. Affleck. This category was locked up from the word go. Viola Davis could have easily run for best actress for her performance in “Fences”  —   and arguably should have, given that she won the Tony for a lead role for the same part when “Fences” ran on Broadway. But Ms. Davis is said to have chosen to run for supporting actress, a less competitive category. Regardless, few doubt it is high time that she won an Oscar. This is her third nomination, and she has already landed more than two dozen awards this season. While her fellow competitors have all gamely shown up to support their films, Ms. Davis owns the category. While there are indications of a possible upset  —   Dev Patel won the Bafta for “Lion”  —   odds favor Mahershala Ali from “Moonlight. ” Though Mr. Ali spent far less time onscreen than some of his fellow nominees  —   like Jeff Bridges, who dominated much of “Hell or High Water”  —   his performance as the tenderhearted drug dealer Juan was one of the season’s most talked about. He also brought peerless grace and elegance to his   appearances, which are crucial to any campaign. It is hard to imagine anyone topping Mr. Ali’s heartfelt “I am a Muslim” acceptance speech from the SAG Awards, except, come Sunday, Mr. Ali himself. “The Umbrellas of Cherbourg” was released 21 years before Damien Chazelle was born, yet the homage he pays to it and other musicals of yore in his hit, “La La Land,” greatly endeared him to the academy. Although early chatter suggested his fellow nominees Kenneth Lonergan and Barry Jenkins were strong bets, Mr. Chazelle has mopped up big prizes: a Golden Globe, a Bafta and, crucially, the Directors Guild of America Award. The guild’s membership overlaps with the academy’s, and the D. G. A. Awards are largely predictive of Oscars. It also helps that Mr. Chazelle is a known quantity to the academy: His “Whiplash” took home three Oscars in 2015. Until a few weeks ago, Disney’s “Zootopia,” about a plucky rabbit police officer fighting prejudice and a   lamb, seemed a   for this prize, having collected a Golden Globe and a Producers Guild Award. But then “Kubo and the Two Strings,” about a Japanese boy on a hero’s quest to defeat an evil spirit, won the Bafta for animated feature, an accolade that usually foretells an academy win. “Kubo” is also up for best visual effects, making it a very strong contender. But “Zootopia” will probably benefit from its timing: It is a love letter to diversity and the triumph of acceptance over xenophobia, a message the film’s campaigners have been pushing all season long. And the Academy Award for best documentary feature goes to   …     a nearly   television  . Though the director Ezra Edelman and his backers at ESPN vigorously insist their virtuoso project “O. J.: Made in America” is genuinely a theatrical film rather than one made for TV, the fact is, it is both. And that has done nothing to stop Mr. Edelman from winning almost every major documentary award this season, among them a Producers Guild prize. While some believe the television lineage of “O. J. ” will undercut its chances with the academy  —   and note that the Bafta for best documentary went to Ava DuVernay’s “13th” (“O. J. ” wasn’t eligible)  —   odds are that Mr. Edelman will be collecting an Oscar. Early in the season, the momentum seemed to be behind “Toni Erdmann,” a German satire with a run time of nearly three hours that thrilled critics. But that is long to sit through for a foreign film, especially for voters watching screeners. After France’s entry, “Elle,” failed to be nominated, energy seemed to shift to Sweden’s “A Man Called Ove. ” But then came the White House travel ban, which drew attention to Iran’s much lauded entry, “The Salesman,” by Asghar Farhadi, who announced that he would boycott the ceremony in protest. Mr. Farhadi won an Oscar for his 2011 drama “A Separation. ” This time, voting for him has become political, which will probably give him the edge. “Manchester by the Sea,” a poignant and at times wry tale of a Massachusetts man gripped by grief, made history this year by becoming the first film to land a best picture Oscar nomination for a streaming service (its distributor is Amazon). Yet the film’s best picture chances are slim, thanks to the juggernaut that is “La La Land. ” But Kenneth Lonergan, the “Manchester” director, is expected to win the Oscar for best original screenplay. Few match his skills at capturing and conveying onscreen the idiosyncrasies, awkwardness and absurdities of everyday conversation and life. Also bolstering Mr. Lonergan’s chances: His script isn’t up against “Moonlight,” which was deemed an adaptation and has passionate support. Whether Barry Jenkins’s screenplay for “Moonlight,” a cinematic tone poem about growing up poor, black and gay, should be considered adapted or original is in the eye of the beholder. The Writers Guild of America and Bafta organizers deemed it original, but the academy decided it was an adaptation of an unproduced stage piece by Tarell Alvin McCraney, who receives story credit. The academy’s designation certainly helped the film’s chances in the adapted category by not pitting it against “Manchester by the Sea,” which took home the original screenplay Bafta. Still, “Moonlight” ended up besting “Manchester” for original screenplay at the Writers Guild Awards. Confusing? Sure. But in the end, it makes the movie the favorite here.",0
14159,Breitbart News Daily: Ransoming the Internet - Breitbart,"On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the Trump administration’s agenda. [Gary Miliefsky, the CEO of SnoopWall, Inc. will discuss the recent global ransomware cyberattacks.  Breitbart’s Joel Pollak and Matt Boyle will discuss the latest deep state leak plaguing President Trump. Breitbart Legal Editor Ken Klukowski will discuss the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals hearing arguments on Trump’s revised travel ban. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
14160,Dear Mom and Dad: Sorry About the Car Break-In. Wish You Were Here. - The New York Times,"When the S. U. V. was recovered, two days after it was stolen, everything inside was gone, a long and bizarre list. More than 100 Brioni neckties. A fur coat that had been a gift from the Onassis family. Two bronze urns that had been in the trunk, and their precious contents. And a 1977 New York Yankees World Series ring, a personal gift from George Steinbrenner. It was inscribed, “To my friend, Bill White. ” That would be Bill White, the philanthropist and former chief executive of the Intrepid Sea, Air  Space Museum. The same Bill White who hosted a   with President Obama in his home in 2014. Guests included Rosie O’Donnell, Aretha Franklin and Mark Wahlberg. He spoke on Tuesday by telephone from the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, where he was attending the Clinton campaign’s   events, the outcome still unknown. But amid the excitement Mr. White, 49, sounded like just another New Yorker angry at himself. “This is the tale of three idiots, and I’m all three of them,” he said. “I get it. ” On Nov. 2, Mr. White had parked the truck outside his building in Manhattan around 2 a. m. after having dinner with his husband, Bryan Eure. He had loaded a lot of property and memorabilia, like photographs of Barbara Walters with Yitzhak Rabin aboard the Intrepid, into the G. M. C. Yukon to take to his office later that day. And the vehicle contained something more precious, he said: the cremated remains of his parents, inside those bronze urns. The vehicle’s windows were tinted, and everything inside was covered, so he felt it was safe to leave his belongings there for the trip the next morning. “Like an absolute idiot,” he said. “I’ve left my car on the street for 15 years and never had it broken into. ” A familiar figure in social and political circles in the city, Mr. White guided the Intrepid through financial troubles during his five years as president. He resigned abruptly in 2010, and was under investigation by Andrew M. Cuomo, then the state attorney general, for his role in   for Alan G. Hevesi, the former state comptroller. That same year, he settled and agreed to pay $1 million to the state. He knows a lot of people. When he had seen that the S. U. V. was gone that morning, Mr. White picked up the phone and called the police. Sort of. “I called Commissioner Bratton,” he said, referring to the city’s former police commissioner, William J. Bratton. “And Ray Kelly,” who was Mr. Bratton’s predecessor. “I even texted my friend Bill de Blasio. ” The vehicle was recovered on East 89th Street in Canarsie, Brooklyn. It was taken to a police lot for processing and fingerprinting. “I said, ‘You’ve got to tell me, what’s in the car? ’” Mr. White said. “They said, ‘A sock.’ That’s when I lost it. ” “I’m just trying to get my parents back,” Mr. White said. “The other stuff, you can live without. ” The police released an image from a surveillance camera of a man stepping out of the Yukon, but it showed no sign of the property. Did he stop along the way and dump it somewhere? What could he have done with the urns? “I think he thought it was gold,” Mr. White said. “He opened it and saw dust. ” Mr. White’s father, William J. White, died in 2015 and was cremated. His son, an only child, said they were very close and had spoken every day, and that it continued after the father’s death. “People will think that’s weird, and I don’t care,” Mr. White said. “I used to drive him around. ” He kept the remains in the trunk area, out of sight. His mother, Patricia White, died in September. Mr. White placed her remains beside her husband’s. “Until I think about what to do with them, I want them to be with me,” he said, “and I’m in the car a lot. ” He planned to have both urns placed under a memorial bench with his parents’ names inscribed on it, in a park in Point Lookout, N. Y. where they had lived. The thief can keep the rest, he said. Even the ring. Once, in 2008, Mr. White was talking on his phone when a stranger approached and asked, “Where the hell did you get that ring?” It was Reggie Jackson, who said, “I was on that team, my friend, and you definitely were not. ” Mr. White just wants the urns. His parents’ names are inscribed on them. “I’m in a state of depression over it,” he said. “If he’s just returning the urns, then I will not press charges, and if he wants $25, 000, I’ll give it to him,” Mr. White said. He said goodbye, and returned to the Clinton event.",0
14161,British Woman’s Revolt Against High Heels Becomes a Cause in Parliament - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   When Nicola Thorp was sent home for refusing to wear high heels to her job as a receptionist in London’s financial district, she did not cower in her sensible flats. She got even. Ms. Thorp, an actress, helped spur a popular revolt in Britain after she started a petition calling for a law that would prevent women from having to suffer from what she considered outdated and sexist dress codes at the office. In her case, she had been told that her shoes needed to be a minimum of two inches high. On Monday, more than two years after Ms. Thorp was sent home over her shoes, members of Parliament called on the government to tighten the rules so British women would never again be forced to wear high heels at the office. “What we found shocked us,” Helen Jones, a member of Parliament for the Labour Party and chairwoman of the petitions committee dealing with the issue, told fellow lawmakers. She said British women were enduring double standards in the workplace that belonged more in the 1850s than in modern times. Britain’s 2010 Equality Act prohibits discrimination in the workplace on the basis of gender, age or sexual orientation. But Ms. Jones said at a parliamentary hearing on Monday that the law needed updating. She said that after Ms. Thorp came forward, dozens of women said they had been forced to wear high heels at work, sometimes until their feet bled or they could no longer walk. Invoking experts in podiatry and citing various studies, Ms. Jones said that women who wear high heels for long periods of time suffer from bunions, ankle sprains and a reduction of balance that lasts into old age. She said one woman who worked in retail had testified that she had been asked to unbutton her blouse over Christmas to increase sales. Others said their employers had required them to dye their hair blond, wear nail polish or constantly reapply makeup. Two parliamentary committees set up to investigate the issue concluded in January that Portico, the outsourcing firm that had insisted Ms. Thorp wear heels, had broken the law. (Portico rewrote its code almost immediately after the issue was raised by Ms. Thorp.) Ms. Thorp has become a popular hero of sorts in Britain and beyond, and dozens of professional women have posted photographs of themselves on Twitter, proudly wearing flats. This year, Samantha Power, the former United States ambassador to the United Nations, added her voice to the debate. “The next petition,” she wrote on Twitter, “should be one requiring men to wear high heels for a 9 hour shift before they insist women do. ”",0
14162,Red Alert: The War on Alternative Media Has Begun,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/red-alert-war-on-alternative-media-has.html Reports about Facebook’s and Google’s nascent battle against purported “fake news” must be considered in solemn gravity — not because there are bogus articles circulating — but because, in actuality, it constitutes a war on legitimate, factual information and dissenting opinion. Certainly, many of us grumble when an article about aliens invading New York City passes through our newsfeeds only to be taken seriously — but the so-called “problem” of “fake” news Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg is referring to isn’t targeting such vapid content. What Facebook will target, however, should concern all of us. After the absurdity that was the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton supporters and establishment Democrats excoriated Zuckerberg for dereliction of duty in failing to remove sham news articles and sites from his wildly popular platform — because, in their eyes, this putative “fake” news literally swung the election toward Donald Trump .But this seemingly hapless campaign of finger-pointing — the Clinton camp also railed against FBI Director James Comey, among many others, in their search to blame anyone but themselves — has nothing at all to do with inane articles of no worth. Rather, the new war on “fake” news is simply a poorly-disguised attempt to quash legitimate information unfavorable to the liberal establishment’s agenda — for good. This perilous course of blanketing, State-sponsored censorship marks what might be the most overarching effort to kill dissenting opinion in decades — perhaps approaching or exceeding the height of the Red Scare and McCarthyism. Here’s why: Mark Zuckerberg, a known proponent of establishment narrative and supporter of liberal goals, originally responded to this criticism somewhat rationally, saying the actual percentage of imposter news items is so miniscule, it could not possibly have affected the outcome of the election. He’s right. Or at least, he was. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99 percent of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes,” the Facebook head wrote in a post to his site on Saturday. “The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or even to politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other.” After the failed Clinton campaign turned and targeted Zuckerberg and Facebook with its bitter wrath of loss, he abruptly switched his tune — and a plan is now underway for how to “cope” with this “fake” news [non] “problem.” It’s imperative to consider several points concerning Facebook’s burgeoning war — with over one billion users worldwide, no staff would be large enough to combat reports of fraudulent news that will undoubtedly be rolling in soon. So, the plan? Artificial intelligence — a self-teaching algorithm to identify and remove the supposedly counterfeit news items, and likely relegate the source as a Scarlet Letter verboten site. But an issue of grave concern has already arisen before the war on fake news even gets off the ground. Business Insider boasted in a headline “It took only 36 hours for these students to solve Facebook’s fake-news problem”— but there’s a serious problem. Their algorithm failed. Miserably. In fact, one of the two items touted by Business Insider as proof of the success of the spurious news-slaying algorithm can be proven factually true — nearly verbatim — on the government’s own website. According to Business Insider, the four students from various top universities participated in a recent hack-a-thon at Princeton University — which Facebook co-sponsored . In a mere 36 hours, they created an extension for the Chrome browser to ostensibly identify and parse out whether suspicious items constitute legitimate, truthful news, called “ FiB: Stop living a lie .” “It classifies every post, be it pictures (Twitter snapshots), adult content pictures, fake links, malware links, fake news links as verified or non-verified using artificial intelligence,” one of the students told the outlet. “For links, we take into account the website’s reputation, also query it against malware and phishing websites database and also take the content, search it on Google/Bing, retrieve searches with high confidence and summarize that link and show to the user. “For pictures like Twitter snapshots, we convert the image to text, use the usernames mentioned in the tweet, to get all tweets of the user and check if current tweet was ever posted by the user.” Appearing smug in the article’s lead picture, Nabanita De, a second-year master’s student in computer science student at UMass Amherst; Anant Goel a freshmen in Purdue University; Mark Craft, a sophomore at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; and Catherine Craft, a sophomore also at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, all believe they’ve discovered the quick fix to Zuckerberg’s [now] problem. As an example, the extension identified and marked an article “not verified”; but the article, a report touting findings from the National Cancer Institute which appeared on the government’s National Institute on Drug Abuse site —“Marijuana Kills Cancer Cells, Admits the U.S. National Cancer Institute”— isn’t fake at all. From the government’s site , with emphasis added: “NIH-funded and other researchers are continuing to explore the possible uses of THC, CBD, and other cannabinoids for medical treatment. “For instance, recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others . “Evidence from one cell culture study suggests that purified extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumors. “Research in mice showed that treatment with purified extracts of THC and CBD , when used with radiation, increased the cancer-killing effects of the radiation.” Beyond this one example, and much further to the point, the Democratic establishment is leading the call to abolish “fake” news — a blaring alarm bell for anyone paying attention this election cycle. A trove of published leaked emails and documents by Wikileaks concerning the Democratic National Committee, campaign chair John Podesta, and Hillary Clinton , proved a staggering degree of corruption and collusion undertaken for years by establishment insiders and corporate media, which, for all intents and purposes, amounted to an attempt to throw the election in their favor. As the campaign came under heavy fire from all sides, Clintonites were quick to shift blame and try to discredit the mountainous evidence of wrongdoing — first by blaming Wikileaks for trying to throw the election, then by claiming the information being published was fake. Except it wasn’t. For nearly the entire duration of its existence, Wikileaks has offered a prize of several hundred thousand dollars for anyone who can prove even a single document it published isn’t authentic . And that bounty, though challenged from time to time, remains unclaimed. And now the outgoing Democratic party wants to initiate a war on fake news? Nothing to see here, folks. “Everyone has the right to say what they want, have access to sites that they want, share what they want,” Obama and Democrat Party insider , Teddy Goff, told Politico — which, incidentally, starred in several damning emails for colluding with the Clinton campaign. “But a publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook. […] “Two, three weeks ago, many of us are beginning to talk about what a big problem this is, both from the campaign and from the administration, and just sort of broader Obama orbit, and are talking about, this is one of the things we would like to take on post-election. “This is something we were very aware of, saw zero percent chance Facebook was going to be compliant or work with us during the election, but wanted to take on post-election.” Recall the aforementioned and justifiable doubt Zuckerberg originally expressed about the nonexistent “problem” of “fake” news — and consider Goff told Politico these ostensibly false news items posted to Facebook painted ‘Clinton as corrupt, criminal or otherwise beyond the political pale.’ In fact, evidence of corruption, media collusion, and highly questionable, if not explicitly criminal, activity now mar Hillary Clinton’s legacy as Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic nominee — not because of bogus reporting. There was no need for fake items, and — although a few websites certainly blew points out of proportion — the emails, themselves damned Clinton’s campaign. Thus, the liberal establishment’s war on fake news — for which the head of the largest social media platform has now been roped in — amounts to little more than a witch hunt to silence truthful, but damaging, information. Information vital to the American public, imperative for making informed choices, and indispensable if this nation is still to be characterized as maintaining even a shred of freedom. Employing failed algorithms — or even people — is a hopelessly flawed solution to a problem that simply doesn’t exist. And what will result is a war on alternative, independent media and opposing thought — in all forms. Considering the insidious, wholly one-sided nature of this plan, it would be errant not to draw parallels to a new McCarthyism. Indeed, independent media websites likely did help turn the election away from Hillary Clinton — not by posting inane, false garbage, or slanted reporting — but by having the integrity to post the truth about her dealings behind the scenes. And, where corporate media failed in journalistic integrity and due diligence, alternative sources — led by Wikileaks — excelled. Had the same vault of information surfaced about Trump, alternative media would have had the same field day — and that’s where the Clintonites have it all wrong. Fake news — dissenting opinion, opposing viewpoints, a free press — none of that tilted the election. Unless, of course, by fake news they are referring to corporate media’s submitting articles to the Clinton campaign prior to editors, or Hillary insiders collaborating on articles so ensure the ‘right’ angle was employed — or any of the examples proven in leaked documents. Nominating Hillary when a veritable revolution erupted behind Bernie Sanders, however, did. It would behoove them to turn tail, learn the lesson, and walk away, instead of imposing a blanketing and unnecessary campaign of censorship against “fake” news when the truth is a bitter pill to swallow. Meanwhile, the Mainstream Media has been caught faking news countless times, which had serious consequences worldwide:",0
14163,San Diego School District Pushes CAIR-Assisted ‘Anti-Islamophobia’ Plan - Breitbart,"The San Diego Unified School District (SDUSD) has been working with the Council on   Relations (CAIR) on “ ” plans, including adding lessons on Islam in social studies classes and adding Muslim “safe spaces” to campuses. [The plan is to be implemented in the fall with the start of the new school year.  CAIR has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates, and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted   in a Hamas   operation. The school district’s board voted recently to approve the Islamophobia plan it set in motion last summer after a November 2015 recognition of CAIR’s educational work. The April 4 vote was   with one member missing from the meeting, according to the San Diego  . More details are expected to be released before the end of the school year. Staff members and parents will receive letters directing them to resources to learn about Islam and fight discrimination. District executive director of Family and Community Engagement Stan Anjan stated that social studies lessons may feature more on prominent Muslims in history, and how to promote a positive image of Islam according to the Tribune. Discipline for perceived bullying of Muslims is also set to be amended. Executive Director of the San Diego chapter of CAIR, Hanif Mohebi, said upon the recent vote, “If we do this right, San Diego Unified School District would be the leading school district in the nation to come up with a robust and beautiful   and   program” according to the Tribune report. Last July, San Diego Unified approved creation of an   and   plan with urging from CAIR San Diego. More than 200 members and supporters of the Muslim community were present and cheered upon board members’ passage of the initiative, according to KPBS. Executive director Mohebi used a CAIR study that said it asked students and 55 percent claimed to have been bullied. San Diego Unified School District posted in an online QA on the forthcoming plan: Regarding all students, we work hard to protect students from bullying and discrimination. That is why we recently implemented an online bullying reporting mechanism to allow students to make their voices heard without fear. The closest model for our Islamophobia work is the work we have done within the LGBTQIA community in recent years. That program has assigned staff and serves students and other departments through trainings, curriculum review and other activities. In addition, they help students organize and maintain   Alliance Clubs in many of our schools. Again, our LGBTQIA work is simply a model for the Islamophobia work, and there will obviously be unique situations to address in each community. “CAIR has been very generous with their time, providing advice and guidance to the district on ways to prevent bullying against Muslim students. They have not been paid, nor are they under contract with the district,” the school district website states. The district specifically addressed whether it is implementing Sharia Law, claiming that they are not. The district goes on to state that it is not violating separation of church and state and is not endorsing Islam. In regards to creating safe spaces for Muslim students, the district states: “Schools with large Muslim communities may choose to make areas available for prayer, if that is requested by their parents and students. ” In 2007, the   reported on allegations that a school aide at Carver Elementary led Muslim students in prayer, according to an online post on Michelle Malkin’s website. (A link to the original Tribune article went to the paper’s website, but the article appears to no longer be at that web address.) The school had recently added Arabic to its curriculum to accommodate in influx of Somali Muslim students. In March 2016, San Diego Unified highlighted the creation of halal meals at Crawford High School, “according to Islamic law and traditions,” and with the input of students. The school is located in an area of San Diego heavily populated with Muslim refugees. CAIR has previously promoted plans for the halal meals. In an interview with PRI, the San Diego school district’s head of food services cited the success of halal options in Dearborn, Michigan schools, home to one of the largest Muslim populations in the U. S. The report noted that almost all of the students at the City Heights school, at least a decade ago, were recipients of free school lunch. The report added that five local elementary schools had also recently adopted similar halal meal programs. CAIR San Diego lauded SDUSD’s initiative to “combat Islamophobia” in an announcement that noted, “Some 150 members of San Diego’s Muslim community were present” during the early April passage of the initiative. The group also stated that SDUSD collaborated with   Diego, in line with California’s AB 2845, the Safe Place to Learn Act.   Diego Executive Director Hanif Mohebi said, “Other school districts should follow this lead, and we will be happy to work with them to provide resources and trainings. ” Photo: File, Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
14164,Islamic Leader Faces Deportation for Visa Fraud,"An Imam in New Haven, Connecticut, is facing deportation after being ordered for removal out of the U. S. for allegedly defrauding a foreign national visa program. [Masjid   mosque Imam Hafiz Abdul Hannan, an illegal immigrant from Pakistan, was detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents where they say they are enforcing a 2016 deportation order, according to the Associated Press.  In 2006, Hannan was arrested by authorities for his involvement in filling out fraudulent applications in order to receive religious worker visas for foreign nationals. The investigation was a nationwide sting at the time. Now, Hannan who has been at the helm of the Connecticut mosque since 2013, is likely to be deported back to Pakistan, with mosque officials demanding attendees not to speak to the media about the case. “Community members should not contact media or give any statement regarding the current situation of Imam Hannan being detained by ICE,” the note from mosque officials states. “The majlis will make a statement if deemed necessary with more insight into the situation. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
14166,Donald Trump Pledges to ‘Heal Divisions’ (and Sue His Accusers) - The New York Times,"GETTYSBURG, Pa.  —   Donald J. Trump came to this historic battlefield town Saturday to offer his vision for America’s future, saying he hoped to “heal the divisions” of the country as President Lincoln tried to do here seven score and 13 years ago. Yet in his own Gettysburg address, Mr. Trump, who has been sliding in the polls less than three weeks before Election Day, did not offer much in the way of   oratory and did not seem to embrace Lincoln’s unifying ambition. Instead, the Republican nominee used the first third of what had been promoted as a “closing argument” speech to nurse personal grievances, grumbling about “the rigging of this election” and “the dishonest mainstream media,” and threatening to sue the women who have come forward  —   an 11th woman did on Saturday  —   to accuse him of aggressive sexual advances. “Every woman lied when they came forward to hurt my campaign  —   total fabrication,” Mr. Trump said. “The events never happened. Never. All of these liars will be sued after the election is over. ” And the more substantive part of the speech, intended to outline his first 100 days in office if he were elected president, did not quite live up to its billing by campaign aides, who had promised a major policy address not unlike Newt Gingrich’s 1994 “Contract with America. ” Instead, a subdued Mr. Trump  —   who on Friday acknowledged the possibility of electoral defeat  —   largely repeated his existing campaign promises, from renegotiating trade deals to enforcing tougher immigration laws. Mr. Trump’s carefully scripted presentation on Saturday was meant to project a new level of forethought and seriousness from a man not usually associated with either. His proposals had legislative titles like the “Affordable Child Care and Elder Care Act” and the “Repeal and Replace Obamacare Act. ” The speech, before a small, handpicked crowd, was also a recognition that Mr. Trump needs to establish himself as someone with the discipline and temperament to lead the nation. “Hillary Clinton is not running against me, she’s running against change,” he said. “And she’s running against all of the American people and all of the American voters. ” Mr. Trump did offer specific immigration proposals, including an “End Illegal Immigration Act” that would establish mandatory minimum prison sentences for undocumented immigrants caught illegally   the country after deportation. He also said he would stop issuing visas to any country that refused to take in citizens ordered deported from the United States, a policy that would almost certainly disrupt immigration and commerce with China, which is one such country. Mr. Trump also reiterated his promise to build a border wall with Mexico and have Mexico pay for it, though he hedged a bit, saying, “the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such a wall. ” (At a rally in Cleveland later on Saturday, his most energetic of the day, Mr. Trump was back to leading his crowd in chants calling for Mexico to pay for the wall.) Repeating earlier pledges to “drain the swamp” in Washington, Mr. Trump promised to push through a series of new ethics laws, as well as term limits for both the House and Senate. And he called for “a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce the federal work force through attrition, exempting military, public safety and public health. ” Mr. Trump has a long history of threatening and occasionally following through on litigation, and in raising the possibility of suing his female accusers, he may have simply been trying to stop more from coming forward. At a news conference on Saturday in Los Angeles, Jessica Drake, an adult film actress, claimed that, after meeting Mr. Trump at a 2006 charity golf event in Lake Tahoe, Nev. she had accepted an invitation to meet in his hotel room. Not wanting to go alone, Ms. Drake said she was accompanied by a couple of female friends. Ms. Drake, who appeared Saturday with the women’s rights lawyer Gloria Allred, said Mr. Trump had hugged and kissed her and the other women without permission. After returning to her room, Ms. Drake said, Mr. Trump or a man phoning on his behalf offered her $10, 000 to return to his room, which she declined. In a statement, the Trump campaign called the accusation “another example of the Clinton campaign trying to rig the election. ” “Mr. Trump does not know this person, does not remember this person and would have no interest in ever knowing her,” it said. Aboard her campaign plane, Mrs. Clinton said: “I saw where our opponent, Donald Trump, went to Gettysburg, one of the most extraordinary places in American history, and basically said if he’s president he’ll spend his time suing women who have made charges against him based on his behavior. ” She added, “I’m going to keep talking about what we want to do, what we think the country deserves from the next president and vice president, and when it comes right down to it, I think that’s what people are going to vote on. ” At her rally Saturday in Pennsylvania, Mrs. Clinton devoted much of her remarks to the state’s contentious Senate race, giving an extended plug to the Democratic candidate, Katie McGinty, and attacking the Republican incumbent, Senator Patrick J. Toomey, for not denouncing Mr. Trump for his vulgar remarks about women captured in a recording. A Bloomberg News poll conducted this month after the release of the tape showed Mrs. Clinton with a nine percentage point lead over Mr. Trump in Pennsylvania. On Saturday, she tried to offer an olive branch to the white   voters there who have gravitated to Mr. Trump. “You probably know people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump,” she told the crowd of 1, 800 gathered in a high school gymnasium. “Here’s what I want you to tell them: Tell them that I understand they need a president who cares about them, will listen to them, and I want to be their president, too. ” After his appearance in Gettysburg, Mr. Trump reverted to his trusted stump speech in    rallies in Virginia Beach and Cleveland, exciting large crowds by attacking Mrs. Clinton and promising to bring back jobs. “You’re going to look back at this rally and you’re going to remember it for the rest of your life because this will be the beginning,” he said in Virginia. “You’re going to remember Nov. 8 because your country is going to be a country that starts winning again. ”",0
14167,CrossTalk: Trump’s Triumph!,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
14168,TOP 5 MIND BLOWING ISSUES VOTING AMERICANS REALIZED THIS ELECTION,"We Are Change 
In this video Luke Rudkowski goes over the TOP 5 important issues that voting americans realized this election. Whether its Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton the american people have been exposed to some serious truths this election. To support our work and expand our efforts go to https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post TOP 5 MIND BLOWING ISSUES VOTING AMERICANS REALIZED THIS ELECTION appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14169,Iran Denies Ballistic Missile Test Violated Nuclear Deal - Breitbart,"Iran’s Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan issued a statement to Iranian state media confirming the recent test of a ballistic missile, and claiming the test did not violate the nuclear deal. [“The recent test was in line with our plans and we will not allow foreigners to interfere in our defense affairs. The test did not violate the nuclear deal or (U. N.) Resolution 2231,” Dehghan told the Tasnim news agency, as quoted by Reuters.  Dehghan is most likely correct about the nuclear deal, which gave Iran tremendous latitude and major economic incentives, while requiring few concessions from Tehran. He is on shakier ground regarding U. N. resolutions, but the U. N. Security Council has decided to form a committee to study Iranian missile testing, rather than issue an immediate condemnation. As Reuters notes, “critics” of the relevant U. N. resolution (meaning primarily Iran and Russia) claim it merely discourages Iran from developing   ballistic missiles, rather than outright forbidding tests. The Iranian parliament issued a statement declaring that Iran is “against weapons of mass destruction, so its missile capability is the only available deterrence against enemy hostility. ” They dismissed international condemnation of Iranian missile testing as “illogical. ” The Trump administration condemned the missile launch in strong terms. “I will tell the people across the world that is something you should be alarmed about,” said Nikki Haley, the new ambassador to the United Nations. “The United States is not naive. We are not going to stand by. You will see us call them out, as we said we would, and you are also going to see us act accordingly. ” “We are officially putting Iran on notice,” National Security Adviser Mike Flynn declared at a White House press briefing on Wednesday, citing both Iran’s ballistic missile launch and the recent attack on a Saudi frigate by   insurgents in Yemen. Flynn said Iran had been “emboldened” to pursue such provocative behavior by the “weak and ineffective” response of the Obama administration. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn at White House briefing: ”As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice.” pic. twitter.   —   ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) February 1, 2017,  White House press secretary Sean Spicer added that the Trump administration wishes to make it clear that Iran’s actions “are both provocative and in violation” of the nuclear deal, despite Tehran’s claims to the contrary, and “we’re not going to sit by and do nothing. ” Analyst Benham Ben Taleblu of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies told Business Insider he agreed that “ ” language about missile testing in the nuclear deal gave Iran a loophole to conduct testing that “definitely violates the spirit, if not the letter” of standing U. N. resolutions. Taleblu observed that even without nuclear warheads, Iran’s focus on missiles allows it to maintain a “conventionally weak and asymmetrically strong” military. In other words, Iran uses insurgents and terrorists to destabilize its enemies across the region, and if any of those enemies decides to counterattack Iran, it will find the border lined with enough missiles to make retaliatory actions too costly to contemplate.",0
14170,NATO FEARS RUSSIAN ATTACK COMING: Vladimir Putin Stage World War 3,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
14171,90 Percent of So-Called Clean Hydroelectric Projects Will Usher In A New Wave of Mercury Contamination,"By Marco Torres A new study has confirmed what many activists and environmental researchers have been stating for years. Hydroelectric power is not clean at all. In fact, Harvard University has found... ",0
14172,EXCLUSIVE – Jihadist: Hamas Uncovered Islamic State Rocket Workshop in Gaza,"TEL AVIV  —   Hamas security forces have uncovered a rocket workshop run by a   State organization in Gaza, according to a jihadist in the coastal enclave. [Abu Baker Almaqdesi, a top Palestinian jihadi who previously fought for IS in Syria and Iraq and returned to his native Gaza following an injury, said that hundreds of rockets and explosive belts have been seized by Hamas in a recent raid.  Last month, Hamas unveiled a jihadi arsenal containing some 250 rockets and hundreds of   rifles. “The range of some of these rockets is 140 kilometers,” Almaqdesi claimed without providing any evidence.  He further stated that similar rockets have already been shipped to Waliyat Sinai, IS’s Egyptian affiliate. A Hamas Interior Ministry official declined to confirm or deny the report about the rocket workshop, but confirmed that electronic devices allegedly utilized to connect between   jihadists and their Gaza counterparts have been seized. On Saturday, two rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israel, prompting the Israel Defense Forces to retaliate against Hamas positions. Meanwhile, the   Aamaq news agency reported that Israeli drones raided the organization’s strongholds in Sinai. “Several people, including two children, were killed and (others) injured on Thursday in Israeli raids on outposts in Rafah and Sheikh Zwaid in the north of Sinai,” the report said.",0
14173,CODE RED: Hillary Clinton Calling For Civil War If Trump Is Elected | Conservative Daily Post,"
Posted by Lindsay Hayward | Nov 4, 2016 | Breaking News Hillary Clinton says Trump is “unstable” to be president and will start a nuclear war. 
Former president, Bill Clinton, allowed rangers to die in Somalia because he wouldn’t send air support. There were actually 4,417 military deaths from 1993-1996 alone under the reign of Clinton. He obviously rubbed off on his wife for not having any respect at all for our brave men and women in uniform. How to turn $12,000 in retirement savings into $1.3 Millon over the next 5 years.... Read More 
Hillary also denied air support to soldiers in Benghazi who died horrific deaths while she was Secretary of State. 
Ambassador Chris Stevens was brutally beaten to death and murdered in Benghazi, his lifeless body dragged throughout streets of full-fledged violence, terrorists cheering and applauding. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton and President Obama did nothing . 
Except for blame the tragedy on a video at the victims’ military funeral ceremony as their coffins crossed in front of the stage, where Hillary Clinton stood. 
It was a terrorist attack- the attack came in two separate waves, including suicide bombers. WikiLeaks confirms that Hillary told her daughter that she knew it was not because of ‘some video’. 
So, how else does Bill influence Hillary? Does he encourage her to lie because it’s what he personally does? Or does lying simply come naturally for her? 
Over the past month, WikiLeaks has poured out incriminating evidence proving corruption within our liberal government. 
They’ve also released countless emails exposing the fraudulent activities tied to the Clinton Foundation, which is currently being investigated by the FBI. 
What other shocking lies have been revealed about the Clintons by WikiLeaks? 
“Instead of dark and divisive, it’s hopeful and inclusive. It’s big-hearted, not small-minded. It is about lifting people up, not putting them down,” Hillary Clinton stated in front of a “massive” crowd in Ohio, unveiled to be photo-shopped to include more people than were actually present by duplicating the ones that were already there. Hillary Clinton crowd in Ohio, photoshopping to make her rally look bigger 
“It’s a vision that says, and I believe this with all my heart, we are stronger together.” Concludes former Secretary of State. 
Words like “hopeful,””big-hearted,” and “lifting people up” are the same cliches she fed the people of Haiti. They bought what she was selling- Americans should not make this grave mistake. This will actually bring about the civil war she speaks of- instead of Haitian immigrants protesting in front of the Clinton Foundation office in NY, all Americans will be protesting in front of the White House in D.C.. 
Clinton warned that Trump could bring the nation to war “because of his unstable character,” which is hilarious. 
According to Breitbart , “Clinton specifically referred to the Civil War, suggesting that the country faced a similar threat of divisiveness from Donald Trump.” 
Breitbart continues, “Clinton warned that it would only take a few minutes of instability from Trump launching the United States into a full scale nuclear war.” 
How can she make a leader of another nation so distrusting of her after she sells them 20% of American uranium, aiding them in building the very nuclear technology she claims they will use? Putin hates her and she’s not even president! 
Hillary Clinton also said, “Abraham Lincoln understood a house divided against itself cannot stand, and that was over the greatest of challenges – the challenge posed by slavery – and we fought a civil war.” 
Crooked Hillary Clinton doesn’t reserve the right to quote the great Abraham Lincoln. She is the one with the track record of inflicting people to slavery backed by her actions in Haiti. 
She is full of hypocrisy, her lack of character is exhausting from what’s been provided by WikiLeaks via her own email correspondence. But her own words are what incriminate her the most. 
“It was called Hillarycare before Obamacare!” Then she claims she never supported Obamacare. 
“Chelsea was jogging at the twin towers when they were hit.” No, Hillary, Chelsea was just at home, in bed, cited by you after people called you out for lying. Hillary Clinton is a pathological liar. 
She lies about everything, it’s in her nature. Hillary Clinton is a sociopath that lies for no apparent reason. 
Speaking of lies, WikiLeaks also proved that the women suddenly accusing Donald Trump of sexual misconduct were paid by the Clintons. 
It doesn’t take the support of deleted emails to show that women suddenly coming forward (against the only other candidate) with just weeks left until a huge election are obviously meant to shift attention away from the real issues of Hillary’s email server. 
Trump has overcome lies and scandals perpetrated by Hillary Clinton, spewed by the mainstream media as well as our very own president and guess what? He has kept his cool. Donald J. Trump, American strength and integrity. 
Donald Trump has overcome adversity throughout this presidential campaign and shown incredible strength in his character. He’s had to humbly address obvious lies and falsely organized scandals, media slander, biased-coverage, rape-allegations by women he met once and the list just keeps going. 
Not once did President Donald Trump, I mean, republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump, get enraged and act like a looney. With everything thrown at him over the past few weeks, he has handled these vicious attacks swimmingly well. 
“Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis,” she told her supporters. “Imagine him plunging us into a war because somebody got under his very thin skin.” 
We need a strong leader, one that is going to bring about change. We need someone who can remain calm when dealing with a crisis, not act petty or prioritize covering up corruption to saving lives. America needs Donald Trump as president. 
Hillary Clinton encourages our own people to fight with one another instead of come together. Vote for Donald Trump, let’s truly stand together as one, against the corruption Americans currently face. 
It’s time American citizens stopped sitting back, accepting another apology from Hillary Clinton for lying. We need to break up with her, not appoint her as leader of our nation. 
Let’s truly make America great again. ",0
14174,Donald Trump Will Order Interior Review on National Monuments Designated by Clinton and Obama - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump will sign an executive order to begin a review process of national monuments designated by modern presidents, including former President Bill Clinton and former President Barack Obama, according to Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke. [According to Zinke, the review will feature monuments of 100, 000 acres or more designated from January 1, 1996 and advise the president of possible actions. The review will feature an estimation of about   national monuments and tens of millions of acres designated in the last 20 years.  “It directs the Department of Interior to make recommendations to the president on whether the monument should be rescinded, resized, modified in order to better manage our federal lands,” Zinke told reporters in a White House briefing on Tuesday evening. The president will travel to the Department of the Interior offices in Washington D. C. to sign the executive order on Wednesday. The review would specifically address Obama’s Bear Ears designation within 45 days in an interim review, with a final review scheduled for 120 days, according to Zinke. The Bears Ears monument is 1. 35 million acres  —   part of the over 553 million acres of land and sea designated as a monument during Obama’s presidency. Zinke also mentioned a review of the Grand Staircase monument (1, 700, 000 acres) instituted by Clinton. Clinton added 5. 7 million acres of land, while George W. Bush designated 214 millions acres, which included acres of water. But Zinke specifically mentioned two controversial monuments in Utah, including the more recent designation of Bears Ears monument by Obama. Zinke said the review would give state representatives and local industry a chance to for more input, fulfilling Trump’s campaign promises. “I can tell you as a kid that grew up in Montana, who grew up in the West   …     this is long overdue,” Zinke said. Zinke said it was “undisputed” that a president had the authority to modify a monument, although it was untested by the courts. He acknowledged that environmental groups would try to challenge any efforts by Trump to modify any monument. “Prudent public policy should be the right policy, and I’m not in fear of getting sued, I get sued all the time,” Zinke said. “I don’t think law suits should shape public policy. I think public policy should do what’s right. ” He blamed the media for raising fears that the review would set the stage of increasing oil and gas development of public lands. “I’ve heard that many times and I think it’s the modern media that we live in today, we’re so polarized today,” Zinke said, promising that the review was not predisposed by a particular outcome.   The Interior Department issued a list of monuments that would likely fall under the review ordered by the president: ",0
14175,NATO Accuses Russian Warships of Targeting Syrian Civilians,"NATO Accuses Russian Warships of Targeting Syrian Civilians October 27, 2016 NATO Accuses Russian Warships of Targeting Syrian Civilians 
The Russian Foreign Ministry dismissed suggestions from NATO that a Russian battle group in the Mediterranean would join the bombardment of Syria's Aleppo as absurd, the RIA news agency reported on Thursday. RIA cited the ministry as saying NATO had no reason to worry about the battle group NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned on Tuesday that the ships, headed for Syria, could be used to target civilians in the besieged city of Aleppo and to launch more air strikes. 
(MOSCOW) - Andrei Kelin , a senior Russian Foreign Ministry official, told RIA Stoltenberg's statement was unhelpful. 
""The concerns are not based on anything as our planes have not come near Aleppo for nine days. Our battle group is in the Mediterranean. Our ships have always had a presence there,"" said Kelin. 
""Why make some spurious suggestions and then make some political recommendations based on them? It is of course absurd."" 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has questioned Russia's statements about a moratorium on bombing Aleppo, saying the city has been hit by strikes since a lull in fighting ended on Saturday.",0
14176,The Election: Does It Matter Who Wins?,"Email 
Antecedently, does it matter, period? America transcends its historical development, revealing a cumulative trend which pronounces even presidential elections a solemn farce, as a fascistic societal formation, to all indications, beckons. It is on a collision course with its own destiny, inner tendencies, ideology, and class distribution. Exceptionalism represents a tightly-coiled nation, out of maneuverability, fated to consume itself (and possibly the world) in domestic self-hatred, foreign aggression, and international confrontation as a permanent stance. 
What happened along the way? Its unique attachment to capitalism from at least the late eighteenth century ensured a one-dimensional political-structural course which selectively eliminated, ruled out, or weakened non-capitalistic elements—a purist formation, then, feeding on itself, creating and maintaining boundaries to social change that ensured against alternative values and pathways to the future. 
Whatever arises from such a context is then turned inward and made adaptable to the needs of a capitalist state and society. The Revolutionary War was one of independence, not transformation, so that America, no longer a colonial appendage of Britain, could exercise its own form of mercantilism, internal colonialism, subjection of indigenous resistance. Likewise, the Civil War cleared the historical slate of premodern capitalism, of which plantation slavery, was the linchpin, to the breakdown of all restrictions, ushering in a laissez-faire capitalism which offered no obstacles to a monopoly-capital consolidative framework. 
In bold, by 1900, America now a certified imperial power, the Open Door policy pursued for three decades already ensuring the drive for universalized market penetration, and a prominent role in world affairs, witnessed the removal of slavery into a social vacuum to be replaced by the exploitation of industrial labor, an agricultural economy controlled by financial, transportation, and marketing interests, and, of course, racism per se as the unmistakable heritage of previous servitude. 
What a start toward greatness (!), a background for the antidemocratic modernization up to today and into the future. Theodore Roosevelt would give us the interpenetration of business and government and the battleship navy, Woodrow Wilson, the federal reserve system, regularization of monopoly, and an internationalism inseparable from anticommunism, as witness the Siberian Intervention into the Bolshevik Revolution. By this point, the die is cast, so that throughout the ‘twenties we see, via trade association activity, the privatization of the economy systemically nailed down, the NAM and Chamber of Commerce illustrative of the shaping of the business system. 
The New Deal, under FDR, may be viewed, alternatively, as a break in the historical process of capitalist development, or, on close inspection, a muted effort to graft a welfare state onto business foundations—as the most American society and social structure could tolerate. But in any case, once more, at a pivotal moment, unable and unwilling to undergo a fundamental transformation. For America, World War II was, by necessity, anti-fascist on the battlefield and with international alliances, yet imperialism and anticommunism had by Bretton Woods defined the postwar vision of America’s world direction, FDR’s death confirming trends he might have otherwise altered or mitigated. From that point, 1945-6, no internal obstacles remained or were present to arrest the present course: a unilateral posture of global dominance. Anticommunism abroad had its corresponding red-baiting at home, leading to a long-term ideological shrinkage and encrustation of tolerated societal boundaries. 
Kennedy was America’s guiding spirit for the liberalization of fascism—intervention, regime change, nuclear preparedness, made acceptable and plausible through policies and rhetoric of the US as a humanitarian beacon to the world’s oppressed (meanwhile enlarging global market shares, financial hegemony, and armed conflict), so that with Johnson and Vietnam America revealed its true identity, which has not changed. In this light, the present campaign and election, filled as it is with copious warnings to the world of America’s greatness (coded for military supremacy), extends the past into the future, lacking only the sophistication, ideological and political, of former times able to cement the image of capitalism and democracy. 
America now is nakedly belligerent, on the war path while drastically streamlining its own political economy, as, e.g., through outsourcing, industrial division of labor, and extreme emphasis on the financialization of capitalism itself, combining internal-external processes to hold its position in a world political economy and power system where unilateral prestige and military prowess no long hold, reducing America to one among equals, an intolerable state to a nation habituated to international success. The strain is showing. Clinton and Trump are both playing to an American public coddled by decades of patriotism, antiradicalism, and, treatment of the environment is here instructive, nihilism, whether through the depredation of nature or ignorance with respect to climate change. 
Clinton and Trump, and the political parties and party system that stand behind them, epitomize the logical outcome, viz., moral bankruptcy, of advanced capitalism in America, in which war, militarism, and defense budgets and production all become necessary to avoid economic stagnation or poor growth, while the ideological reproduction of exceptionalism through its various historical stages ensures a blindness to the human costs of impending war. The election is rendered meaningless because continuity has been preserved with an antiradical heritage now transposed into a setting so whipped up with neurotic frustration at having lost undisputed world supremacy and at home increasing wealth and income differentiation that a paralysis of will is setting in, making the militarization of policy (and, via massive surveillance, regimentation or stringent conformity in the political realm) not only thinkable but operable.",0
14177,"Punk Targets Hurricane Victim’s Home, Flees When Surprised by Armed Owner","Elderly Woman Spots Drone Above Property… Her Next Move Leaves Operators STUNNED 
Hough recalled waking up to the sound of glass breaking and footsteps inside his home as the intruder used a rock to smash out a sliding glass door. 
“It was a strong guy, a big guy,” Hough said, referencing his broken door. “I wouldn’t have been able to kick that out.” 
Grabbing his revolver, Hough took up a defensive position at the top of the stairs and waited until he saw the man who had broken into his home.   
“I knew pretty much where he was,” he explained. “He came across my dining room and to the foot of my stairway. I had a revolver and fired at him twice.” 
Though he didn’t hit the burglar with his two shots, they were more than enough to send the punk scrambling back out the broken glass door and away from what turned out to be a well-defended home. 
“I missed, obviously, but I think I scared him,” Hough added, pointing to the bullet holes in his wall. “He certainly didn’t expect to see me.” 
The armed homeowner used his cellphone to call the police, who responded promptly despite the raging hurricane going on around them.  ",0
14178,President Obama and India’s Modi Forge an Unlikely Friendship - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   There are few relationships between President Obama and another world leader more unlikely than the one he has with Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India. The two have a public warmth  —   or “chemistry,” as the Indian news media like to describe it  —   and that is likely to be on display Tuesday when Mr. Modi visits the White House for the second time in two years. It will be the seventh time the two leaders have met. There are compelling reasons the leaders of the world’s largest democracies would find common cause. The United States is encouraging the rise of India as a giant Asian partner to balance China, and India is trying to accelerate its economy with an injection of investment from American companies. “It is true that Obama and I have a special friendship, a special wavelength,” Mr. Modi said last month in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. Benjamin J. Rhodes, the president’s deputy national security adviser for strategic communication, said on Saturday that the two leaders “have each invested in developing a close relationship. ” It is worth recounting just how unlikely such a friendship is. The nation’s first black president, Mr. Obama has made the protection of minorities a central pillar of his life. And he has argued that criticism and dissent are core tenets of democracy. Mr. Modi, by contrast, spent much of his life rising through the ranks of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, a   paramilitary organization that campaigns forcefully for India’s Hindu majority. Mr. Modi was in charge of the state of Gujarat when rioting in 2002 cost the lives of more than 1, 000 people, most of them Muslims. Just last week, 24 people were convicted of massacring Muslims during the riots, and pending cases are attempting to prove that Mr. Modi, who has so far escaped judicial censure, was part of a   conspiracy to encourage the killings. Generally poorer and less educated than India’s Hindus, Muslims are about 14 percent of the population, about the same proportion as   in the United States. In India, Mr. Modi’s reputation among Muslims could broadly be compared to that of a Southern segregationist from the 1950s. Perhaps just as troubling, Mr. Modi’s government has increasingly used the country’s broad and vague laws restricting free speech to stifle dissent, according to a recent report by Human Rights Watch. Other laws have been used to intimidate and even shut down nongovernmental organizations, such as Greenpeace. Neither Mr. Obama nor Mr. Modi is given to displaying affection. Both avoid the socializing common in their capitals. And while Mr. Obama is a doting father and dutiful husband who maintains close bonds with his childhood friends, Mr. Modi abandoned his arranged marriage decades ago and has no children or any public friendships. Some political analysts have expressed deep skepticism that the two leaders have any real fondness for each other. Mr. Modi is part of a class of “populist, electable, narcissistic   autocrats whose appeal is that they pander to majoritarian anger,” said Kanti Prasad Bajpai, a professor of Asian studies at the National University of Singapore. “Obama is the opposite of that, so it is hard to see how close they can be,” Mr. Bajpai said. Others see similarities that extend beyond political beliefs. Both men rose from modest circumstances, had difficult relationships with their fathers and were widely considered transformational figures when elected. (Mr. Modi’s humble origins, largely   government and intense focus on winning foreign investment are sharp breaks from his predecessor.) And parts of Mr. Modi’s political operation, in particular its effective use of social media, were based on Mr. Obama’s model. Ashley J. Tellis, a senior associate with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said both men “are remarkably warm and have a personal graciousness about them that is very evident in personal encounters. ” Raymond E. Vickery, a former United States assistant secretary of commerce who has met Mr. Modi, said both had grown up as outsiders and valued frankness. “Modi is a really    guy who tries to answer your questions and doesn’t just go to talking points,” Mr. Vickery said. Mr. Obama made the first significant gesture in the relationship when, during Mr. Modi’s first official visit to Washington in 2014, the president left his White House staff behind to give a personal   tour of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial. Mr. Modi responded by inviting Mr. Obama to be his guest at the annual Republic Day celebrations in New Delhi in January 2015. When Mr. Obama arrived, Mr. Modi broke with protocol to greet the president at the airport with a hug. And at a later appearance, Mr. Modi referred to the president as Barack and thanked him for his “deep personal commitment” to their friendship. In a toast at a state dinner, Mr. Obama called Mr. Modi “my partner and friend. ” “The hours they’ve spent together,” Mr. Rhodes said Saturday, “have allowed them to have a good understanding of their respective worldviews and domestic circumstances, and made it possible to deepen defense ties, advance our civil nuclear cooperation and achieve a breakthrough on climate change. ” He added, “It’s also an indication of how important President Obama thinks our relationship is with India, as the world’s largest democracy and an increasingly important partner. ” On Tuesday, White House officials said, the two leaders are expected to discuss climate change and clean energy partnerships, security cooperation, and economic growth. Analysts said the leaders might announce a new defense logistics agreement, further progress on India’s efforts to phase out   hydrofluorocarbons and perhaps a deal for Westinghouse Electric Corporation to build nuclear power plants in India in a   fulfillment of a pact first struck in 2006. A shared interest in clean power and climate change is central to their personal bond, some analysts said. “These two guys get very little political traction at home for being climate champions, but they are anyway, and I think they respect each other for that,” said Andrew Light, a former senior adviser to the United States special envoy on climate change. Tavleen Singh, an Indian commentator and admirer of Mr. Modi, said the prime minister’s   sanitation campaign and his efforts to improve the status of women would also endear him to Mr. Obama. Still, she said she doubted that the two men were truly affectionate. Zia Haq, an assistant editor at The Hindustan Times in India, was also skeptical. “I refuse to believe the two men could be very good personal friends deep down, because Modi is all things Obama can’t possibly be,” Mr. Haq wrote in an email.",0
14179,America’s Fatal Wound? “What Obama Did That Is Unforgivable”,"
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor’s Comment: President Obama poured on the spigot of debt for eight years, at a faster rate than all his predecessors, with the cup running over. 
This massive pile of debt was accumulated at zero percent interest rates, but that certainly isn’t where rates will stay. 
Failed policies and a very harsh turning of the screw against the population has made raising interest rates at the Federal Reserve inevitable… for a couple of years now, Janet Yellen has been merely waiting for the right time, which many have speculated was waiting on the results of the election. 
Now, the enormous cost of the national debt will be further inflated by the steeper price at which it must be repaid, despite the fact that the money was lent by the very central bank institution that is supposed to serve this country. Misunderstanding the relationship has only made things more difficult, and hopelessly uphill.. 
Nassim ‘Black Swan’ Taleb Sums Up Obama’s Legacy In 3 Painfully “Real” Tweets 
by Tyler Durden
Having previously exposed the “intellectual-yet-idiot” class , Nassim Taleb unleashes his acerbic tone in 3 painfully “real news” tweets on President Obama’s legacy…
Obama:
Protected banksters (largest bonus pool in 2010)
“Helped” Libya
Served AlQaeda/SaudiBarbaria(Syria & Yemen) https://t.co/bcNMhDgmuo 
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 19, 2016 

2) (Cont) But in the end what Obama did that is unforgivable is increasing centralization in a complex system.
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 19, 2016 

3) Don’t fughet Obama is leaving us a Ponzi scheme, added ~8 trillions in debt with rates at 0. If they rise, costs of deficit explode…
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 20, 2016 

How long before Taleb is banned from Twitter for such ‘hate-speak’?
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . ",0
14180,Bellwether? Trump kippas outselling Hillary yarmulkes,"Bellwether? Trump kippas outselling Hillary yarmulkes Company sees preference as 'early exit poll of Orthodox Jews' Published: 9 mins ago Print 
WASHINGTON – The campaigns of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are looking for signs anywhere and everywhere that might suggest who will move into the White House in January. 
A company that makes Trump and Hillary kippas or yarmulkes has some good news for one of the presidential hopefuls – Trump head coverings are winning in a landslide among the Orthodox Jewish clientele. 
So far, the company, Pic-A-Kippa, has sold 331 Trump yarmulkes to 65 for Clinton. 
“My kippa (yarmulke) company sells Trump and Hillary kippas and are keeping track of who is selling more,” Uri Turk, founder and “chief kippa officer,” told WND. “We see it as an early exit poll of the Orthodox Jews, a type of bellwether of where this important community is leaning. Once the first debate came around, the orders started flying in, with much more interest in the Trump kippas.” 
Pic-A-Kippa is the brainstorm of two former elite red beret IDF soldiers from Miami. Turk says the company is the leader in the kippa market and has been selling Trump and Hillary custom kippas on its site since August, all the while keeping a running tally of which one has sold more. 
“Our mission is to help Jews everywhere show and wear their Jewish pride, with our beautifully unique and completely customizable picture kippas,” the company says on its website. 
It donates 10 percent of every kippa sale to the Lone Soldier Center in Israel, assisting young lone soldiers during difficult times. 
Turk said while American Jews have leaned heavily Democratic for decades, the past few presidential races have seen Orthodox Jews, who make up over 10 percent of American Jewry, vote Republican in ever increasing numbers. He attributes that fact to the Democrats putting “daylight between America and Israel.” 
A number of influential Jewish pro-Trump organizations have emerged, chief among them “Jews Choose Trump” and “Jewish Democrats For Trump.” A recent poll of Florida Jews showed Orthodox voters are leaning toward Trump by a 3-1 margin. 
According to Turk, Pic-A-Kippa has sold many Trump kippas to a congregant of Ivanka Trump’s synagogue on the liberal Upper East Side of Manhattan and has gotten orders for Trump kippas from Israel, Australia, Britain and even Mexico. Pic-A-Kippa has also gotten hate mail from Jews unhappy they are selling the Trump designs, he says.",0
14181,How to See Prince’s Minneapolis - The New York Times,"Since his death on April 21, Prince has drawn tributes from around the globe, with the most fervent making the trip to his hometown, Minneapolis, where petitions are circulating to make the star’s June 7 birthday a holiday and to rename a terminal after him at  . Paul International Airport. Now, new tours make it easy to follow the Prince trail around town. Waconiaville Tours, which specializes in winery visits, has added a Prince Tour that stops at Paisley Park, the home and studio of the star in suburban Chanhassen, which is not open to the public his former school the first theater where he performed and the Electric Fetus, said to be his favorite record store in the Twin Cities. The tours, which will run four to five hours, are to begin May 28 ($58). “We thought we would let the dust settle a bit, but a lot of people were asking for tours and there’s a story to be told,” said Randy Luedtke, the owner of Waconiaville Tours. To encourage   visitors, the tourism association Meet Minneapolis has published an online guide to the former homes, schools and clubs where Prince lived, studied and played. The list also features sites including the esteemed music club First Avenue, Cedar Lake and the Orpheum Theater where scenes from the 1984 Prince film “Purple Rain” were shot. “For a lot of us, he was a celebrity, but for many of us here he was a neighbor,” said Bill Deef, vice president of Meet Minneapolis. The association’s guide lists about 20 sites and includes maps for   tours. The city’s   program Nice Ride also has a   “   ” tour that visits four sites, including the house from “Purple Rain” and the nightclub formerly known as Glam Slam when Prince owned it. Venues where Prince performed and attended shows including First Avenue and the Dakota Jazz Club make it easy to experience the musical side of Minneapolis. “We remain true to his legacy and we hope to embody everything he was, which is liberation and the freedom to be yourself,” said Dayna Frank, the owner of First Avenue.",0
14182,"For the Trumps, ‘Made in U.S.A.’ May Be a Tricky Label to Stitch - The New York Times","At Saks Off Fifth recently, an Ivanka Trump white polyester and spandex blouse made in Indonesia was marked down to $34. 99, from $69. A few racks over, her black and white jacket came from Vietnam, while several blocks away, at Macy’s, her leather bootee manufactured in China sold for more than $100. At the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, a $35 blue cotton cap embroidered with “Trump National Golf Club” was made in Bangladesh. A Trump Tower hoodie from Pakistan set tourists back $50. A majority of clothes these days are made anywhere but in America. And in this era of local pride and nationalistic fervor, that has become a political liability. The conflict is starkly evident in the apparel brands made and marketed by   Donald J. Trump and his daughter Ivanka. Mr. Trump has cast companies that make goods in China and other foreign countries as economic pariahs, siphoning off jobs better left at home. He has blamed the system, a set of policies in the United States that Mr. Trump acknowledged using for his own gain. And since being elected, he has continued to rail against global forces, threatening to punish companies with high tariffs if they don’t move production to the United States. Should Mr. Trump make good on such promises, he would take aim at not only his own brand, but his daughter’s as well. Mr. Trump doesn’t stand to lose much. While his goods are largely manufactured overseas, most of his retail ventures have gone the way of Trump vodka and steaks. And what products can be found  —   at his hotels and golf courses and on Amazon sold by independent sellers  —   are the vestiges of a mostly defunct clothing line or sporadic shipments of Trump sweatshirts and hats. Ivanka Trump’s company, by contrast, is the type of operation that Mr. Trump is squarely aiming for. Her shoes and dresses largely retail for less than $150. Coats cost as much as $400. Factored into those prices is the cost of materials and production, as well as shipping, tariffs, marketing and advertising expenses. Cheap production overseas means more coin in the coffers of Ms. Trump and the shoe, accessory and clothing makers that are her partners, among them Marc Fisher footwear, the   Apparel Group and Mondani. (Ms. Trump’s company, which is privately held, does not disclose its financials.) Almost all of her goods are made overseas, according to a New York Times review of shipments compiled separately by Panjiva and ImportGenius, two trade databases. ImportGenius tallied 193 shipments for imported goods associated with Ms. Trump for the year through Dec. 5, mostly   shoes and handbags. Her dresses and blouses are made in China, Indonesia and Vietnam, according to a review of hundreds of clothing tags and financial documents filed by  . It is the harsh reality of the clothing business. Before Ms. Trump started her shoe and clothing lines in the early 2010s, she did what any   New Yorker would, consulting corporate chieftains, fashion designers and department store executives. She ultimately decided to license her name. Since then, Ms. Trump, 35, has pondered making some items  . Investors were consulted, and a business plan was drawn up  —   but the project was scrapped, said one person briefed on the discussions. It was costly and impractical, so suppliers continued to make her clothes overseas. “When I started my business, I recognized where my strengths were and knew that I didn’t have any experience in production and manufacturing,” Ms. Trump said in a rare interview. “I am not a designer. I am an entrepreneur. ” In retail, where margins are slim, overseas manufacturers are crucial to profits. Most of the clothing Americans buy at Walmart, Macy’s and Target are made abroad, including 97 percent of apparel and 98 percent of shoes, according to the American Apparel and Footwear Association. It is part of a long history of American garment manufacturers chasing cheap labor. They moved to China in the 1980s, then elsewhere in Asia. Now, Chinese shoemakers are building factories in Africa, where wages are about $40 a month, compared with $400 in China. Even then, an overseas strategy does not portend survival, as Mr. Trump’s experience shows. At Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, the Trump Store is downstairs from the lobby, sandwiched between a restaurant and an ice cream parlor. While a $65 white polo golf shirt from Lesotho in southern Africa was available, there was no sign of many of Mr. Trump’s other items, like the dress shirt made in Vietnam on display upstairs. Last year, Macy’s dropped Mr. Trump’s clothing line over inflammatory comments he made about Mexican immigrants. Now about the best place to find his ties, dress shirts and accessories is on Amazon. com  —   and even that stock is just a hodgepodge. The company that made   comforters and sheets, Downlite, said it had ended its relationship with him last year. His beds, designed by Dorya, aren’t in stores, either. They are made to order overseas, according to the company. Mr. Trump said in campaign interviews that he would like to make his apparel in the United States, but that it was hard to find companies that did. When George Stephanopoulos of ABC pressed him to explain, Mr. Trump said, “They don’t even make the stuff here. ” That is not exactly true. B J Nickol, president of the All American Clothing Company, based in Arcanum, Ohio, said he employed 15 people, as well as subcontractors in about 20 states who cut, sew and ship shirts, jeans and sweaters. He estimated it cost All American $10 to $15 to manufacture a polo shirt, including fabric and labor. He sells them for about $28 to $38, or about half of what a polo shirt costs at Trump Tower. While the company mostly sells shirts to individuals, Mr. Nickol said he would welcome a   customer like Mr. Trump. Mr. Nickol said he had witnessed the impact on his community when apparel manufacturers moved away. “And the only way we could think of to fix that was to keep jobs here,” he said. While   clothing manufacturing is unlikely to return to the United States, specialty items or   apparel has promise. Todd Shelton, a fashion designer who makes sleek separates and sells them online, sews his clothes at a factory in East Rutherford, N. J. But there are   namely price. A pair of women’s jeans made by Todd Shelton costs $200 an Oxford shirt is $180. And cost is only one factor. Fashion is another. Recently, Ms. Trump tried to make a   in the United States. She and one of her main partners, Marc Fisher, shopped a design to retailers, according to a person with knowledge of the venture. Buyers, though, didn’t like the design  —   and it never got made. With the Ivanka Trump brand, another variable now comes into play: politics. Ms. Trump served as a more polished emissary of her father’s messages during the campaign, and she is under pressure to bring jobs home. And in a postelection era, her carefully crafted public persona, which is at the heart of the brand, is at risk. Ms. Trump has found a way to commercialize female empowerment, selling petal pink sheaths and trendy shoes to young professionals on the go. Her brand’s hashtag #womenwhowork often accompanies pitches to buy her satchels and clothes. “She wants to make sure her reputation is unblemished,” said Marshal Cohen, a consumer behavior and retail analyst at the NPD Group, a research firm. Ms. Trump is already facing some blowback. She was criticized for meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan while completing a licensing deal with a company whose largest shareholder is wholly owned by the Japanese government. Consumers offended by her father’s inflammatory comments about minorities continue to boycott her line. Ms. Trump acknowledged the potential appearance of conflicts as her father prepared to move into the White House. She said she would step down as the head of her namesake brand if asked to become an adviser to her father and the Trump administration. “I would completely separate myself from my businesses,” said Ms. Trump, who is also considering a leave of absence from the Trump Organization, where she serves as an executive vice president for development and acquisitions. Representatives for Mr. Trump declined to comment. But it will not drastically change her company’s strategy. She and her team do not plan to move manufacturing back just to quell critics. “It’s great to say we want to do all of this, but we want to make responsible business decisions, too,” said Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brand. “From a business perspective, we have to have longevity. ”",0
14183,"‘Can’t build a wall, hands too small!’ – NYC anti-Trump protest (Streamed live)","18 mins ago 3 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes It's fair to say, Europe's been shocked by Trump's   Europe's   Trump's   RT LIVE http://rt.com/on-air      ",0
14184,Wikileaks List Exposes at Least 65 Corporate ‘Presstitutes’ Who Colluded to Hide Clinton’s Crimes,"By Claire Bernish
Revelations from the Wikileaks release of John Podesta’s emails yet again prove mainstream, corporate media serves as Hillary Clinton’s personal cheerleading squad — and is devoid of any iteration of journalistic integrity.
Thanks to Wikileaks and the Intercept , in fact, we now have a list of no less than 65 mainstream “reporters” whose campaign coverage constitutes propaganda for the Clinton campaign — and no wonder, considering the obscenely lopsided drivel presented by their outlets.
As (actual) journalists Glenn Greenwald and Lee Fang reported on October 9, the Intercept exclusively received documents obtained by the source known as Guccifer 2.0 evidencing Clinton campaign tactics to court journalists portraying the former secretary of state in a positive light.
“As these internal documents demonstrate,” the Intercept reported , “a central component of the Clinton campaign strategy is ensuring that journalists they believe are favorable to Clinton are tasked to report the stories the campaign wants circulated. 
“At times, Clinton’s campaign staff not only internally drafted the stories they wanted published but even specified what should be quoted ‘on background’ and what should be described as ‘on the record.’” 
One internal strategy document dated January 2015 — months before Clinton officially kicked off her campaign in April — with the curious heading “Earned Media/Next Steps” exposes how the campaign made an albeit infrequent practice of crafting supposed news pieces from beginning to completion.
Under the — not-at-all oblique insult to the fundamentals of journalism — heading “ Placing a Story ,” the memo’s author wrote:
“As we discussed on our call, we are all in agreement that the time is right [to]place a story with a friendly journalist in the coming days that positions us a little more transparently while achieving the above goals.” 
Specifically named as a suggested journalist plant is Maggie Haberman of Politico , whom they note will assist in doing “the most shaping” of the narrative they have in mind.

Haberman, however, is far from the only pro-Clinton media shill. As the Intercept noted, a review of the metadata for one of the obtained documents found it had been penned by campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri — who created a list of ostensible pundits and journalists potentially amenable to targeting with the pro-Clinton message.

The Intercept also revealed an R.S.V.P. list of 38 media friendlies invited to a pre-campaign announcement soiree with ‘top campaign aides’ at the home of strategist Joel Benenson last year on April 10, which was “a fully off-the-record gathering designed to impart the campaign’s messaging.” 
Although the outlets they represented unsurprisingly included left-leaning MSNBC , Huffington Post , and Politico , the list also includes journalists from the Daily Beast , Vice , Vox , The New Yorker , and even People Magazine .


In the Wikileaks document, the true scope of Clinton campaign skulduggery is revealed in another lengthy guest list for a parallel function hosted by Mr. Leaked Emails, himself, John Podesta, on April 9 last year.
Press secretary Jesse Ferguson — who authored both lists — wrote to the top members of Clinton’s team:
“Here is the current RSVP list to the Thursday Night (4/9) dinner at Podesta’s. As a reminder, this is with the 25 reporters more closely following HRC (aka the future bus).” 
Although the collusion between the media and both the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee has graciously trickled out thanks to leaked documents from Wikileaks and others, these lists of named journalists willing to cross the line between journalism and campaigning are shameful — if not helpful tools to know with certainty whose reporting is garbage.
In fact, besides obliterating any previous claims of unbiased journalism made by the once-prestigious media institutions dotting these lists, the names and practices described prove mainstream media is effectively moot — by its own hand.
Source: The Free Thought Project 
",0
14185,President-Elect Trump Proved Me Wrong About This Election. Now I Ardently Pray He Proves Me Wrong About Him.,"I was dead wrong about this election. 
I was wrong that Donald Trump would not win in the primaries. 
I was wrong that Donald Trump would not beat Hillary Clinton in the general election. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!",0
14186,Comment on The Science is “Overwhelming At This Point” Wifi Industry Appeals Brain Tumor Association Ordinance by THE SCIENCE IS “OVERWHELMING AT THIS POINT” WIFI INDUSTRY APPEALS BRAIN TUMOR ASSOCIATION ORDINANC - WAKING SCIENCE,"  This ordinance is a big step forwards by creating awareness about this topic, which is clearly something we need more of. It specifically requires all cellphone retailers in the area to provide consumers with a notice on radio frequency (RF) radiation exposure and the proper guidelines to help users avoid this type of exposure. Warnings may include the dangers associated with carrying a phone in a shirt, pants, tucked into a bra or anywhere else on a person that may exceed federal safety guidelines. The ordinance was created with the help of Lawrence Lessig, a Law Professor at Harvard University, and Robert Post, the Dean of Yale Law School, as well as the California Brain Tumor Association, who believes, along with hundreds of other scientists, that the research is sound. In retaliation, the wireless industry has filed an appeal against the ordinance. Notifying consumers of the harms associated with cell phone use at the point of sale would clearly hurt their profits. Some companies already have warnings in their packaging, but it’s only found in the fine print and isn’t mentioned at the point of sale. For example, here’s a statement from Apple about the issue, who already has existing safety recommendations for cellphone use; however, most people don’t know about them: “To reduce exposure to RF energy, use a hands-free option, such as the built-in speakerphone, the supplied headphones, or other similar accessories. Carry iPhone at least 10mm away from your body to ensure exposure levels remain at or below the as-tested levels. Cases with metal parts may change the RF performance of the device, including its compliance with RF exposure guidelines, in a manner that has not been tested or certified.” ( source )   A similar statement from Blackberry reads as follows: “Use hands-free operation if it is available and keep the BlackBerry device at least 0.59 in (15mm) from your body (including the abdomen of pregnant women)… ( source ) The issue here is that Berkeley citizens and most other cell-phone users are completely unaware of these guidelines and the dangers surrounding cell phone usage, which has obviously been downplayed by the industry. For example, a poll conducted by Lessig and his colleague before the ordinance was finalized found that: 74% of Berkeley residents carry their cell phones against their bodies 70% said they didn’t know that cell phones were tested assuming they would not be carried against the body 80 % said they might change their behavior if they knew knowing that “radiation tests to assure the safety of cell phones assume a cell phone would be carried away from your body” 85 % said they had never known or read any of the manufacturer’s recommendations 82% said they would want this information made available to them at the time they purchased their cell phone. The underlying purpose of this poll, and the ordinance in general, is to shed light on the apparent disconnect that exists between the current safety recommendations and customer knowledge and understanding of those recommendations. Here’s the text of the required notice, as Lessig writes in his blog : “The City of Berkeley requires that you be provided the following notice: To assure safety, the Federal Government requires that cell phones meet radio frequency (RF) exposure guidelines. If you carry or use your phone in a pants or shirt pocket or tucked into a bra when the phone is ON and connected to a wireless network, you may exceed the federal guidelines for exposure to RF radiation. This potential risk is greater for children. Refer to the instructions in your phone or user manual of information about how to use your phone safety.” This is a Very Minimal Requirement Despite the fact that informing customers of the dangers of cell phone usage is the ethical thing to do, the wireless industry has filed an appeal to stop this effort. Specifically, CTIA (wireless association) filed the appeal after a judge ruled in favor of the ordinance. However, the California Brain Tumour Association claims that: One of the members of the three-judge panel, Michelle Friedland, is married to Daniel Kelly, a DSP senior engineer with Tarana Wireless Inc. and has worked on the 5G technology for the upcoming rollout to the market. According to the California Brain Tumor Association, AT&T is a major investor in Tarana, which also has a past chief technology officer of Ericsson and Sony Mobile sitting on its board of directors. The association also assumes that Kelly is a stockholder in Tarana, giving him a vested interest in the wireless industry…. If a judge has any financial interest in a controversy before her, she should have rescued herself from the case…Just the fact that her husband is in the industry and the timeliness of this with the 5G rollout is probably enough for her to rescue herself. ( source ) Below is a picture of Tom Wheeler, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chair & former Senior Lobbyist, announcing the roll out of 5G microwave technology. So, what exactly is happening here? Basically, the privatization of this rollout may remove oversight and standards. Unfortunately, big industry has paid off the scientists, bought the lawmakers, and ruled the proliferation of microwaves and other phenomena as “safe.” A powerful group of people have infiltrated these organizations along with most international health agencies. “The medical profession is being bought by the pharmaceutical industry, not only in terms of the practice of medicine, but also in terms of teaching and research. The academic institutions of this country are allowing themselves to be the paid agents of the pharmaceutical industry. I think it’s disgraceful.” – ( source )( source ) Arnold Seymour Relman (1923-2014), Harvard Professor of Medicine and Former Editor-in-Chief of the New England Medical Journal The Science Dr. Joel M. Moskowtiz, the Director and Principal Investigator at the Center for Family and Community Health at Berkeley School of Health, and Dr. Martin Blank of the Department of Physiology and Cellular Biophysics and Colombia University, are two out of hundreds of scientists from more than 30 countries who have produced more than 2,000 peer-reviewed articles about the hazardous effects of RF radiation. All of these scientists united together and formally signed and sent a letter to the United Nations requesting more thorough and unbiased research be performed regarding the dangers of RF radiation. Below is a video of Dr. Blank outlining the potential hazards associated with these devices: HERE is a video of him giving a lecture about the issue. Did you know that The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified radio frequency fields (including those from cell phones) as a possible carcinogen in 2011? (source) The dangers of cell phone usage gained significant mainstream credibility in 2011 when the World Health Organization (WHO) admitted that cell phone radiation may cause cancer. The statement was based off a cumulative decision made by a team of 31 scientists from 14 different countries after reviewing evidence in support of their claim. You can read more about that HERE. It’s pretty startling news, especially given the fact that a child’s brain absorbs much more radiation than that of an adult. Below is a video of Dr. Devra Davis, one of the most well-respected and credentialed researchers on the dangers of cellphones: “[A] cellphone is a two-way microwave radio…Industry has fought successfully to use the phrase ‘radiofrequency energy’ instead of microwave radiation. Because they know radiofrequency energy sounds fine. We listen to music with radios. Everybody needs more energy. What could be better than that? But radiofrequency energy is another word for microwave radiation. If people understood that they were holding a two-way microwave-radiating device next to their brain or next to their reproductive organs, they might think differently about it.” ( source ) Things You Can Do To Limit Your Exposure & Why You Shouldn’t Worry Worrying is pointless, and solves nothing. That being said, coming across such information can be scary, and that’s the last reaction you should have; after all, our thoughts feelings and emotions alone have shown to have a significant effect on our biology, and letting go of fear could possibly be the first step in helping you limit the effect that EMFs could be having on your body. That being said, here are some others measures you can take: As Dr. Mercola points out, until the industry starts taking this matter seriously, the responsibility to keep children safe falls on the parents. To minimize the risk to your brain, and that of your child, pay heed to the following advice: Don’t let your child use a cell phone . Barring a life-threatening emergency, children should not use a cell phone, or a wireless device of any type. Children are far more vulnerable to cell phone radiation than adults, because of their thinner skull bones. Keep your cell phone use to a minimum. Turn your cell phone off more often. Reserve it for emergencies or important matters. As long as your cell phone is on, it emits radiation intermittently, even when you are not actually making a call. Use a land line at home and at work. Reduce or eliminate your use of other wireless devices. Just as with cell phones, it is important to ask yourself whether or not you really need to use them every single time. If you must use a portable home phone, use the older kind that operates at 900 MHz. They are no safer during calls, but at least some of them do not broadcast constantly even when no call is being made. You can measure your exposure from your cordless phone is to measure with an electrosmog meter, and it must be one that goes up to the frequency of your portable phone. As many portable phones are 5.8 Gigahertz, we recommend you look for RF meters that go up to 8 Gigahertz. You can find RF meters at EMFSafetyStore.com . Even without an RF meter, you can be fairly certain your portable phone is problematic if the technology is labeled DECT, or digitally enhanced cordless technology. Alternatively, you can be very careful with the base station placement as that causes the bulk of the problem since it transmits signals 24/7, even when you aren’t talking. “If you can keep the base station at least three rooms away from where you spend most of your time, and especially your bedroom, they may not be as damaging to your health. Ideally it would be helpful to turn off or disconnect your base station every night before you go to bed.” – Dr Mercola Limit cell phone use to areas with excellent reception. The weaker the reception, the more power your phone must use to transmit, and the more power it uses, the more radiation it emits, and the deeper the dangerous radio waves penetrate into your body. Ideally, you should only use your phone with full bars and good reception. Avoid carrying your cell phone on your body, and do not sleep with it under your pillow or near your head. Ideally, put it in your purse or carrying bag. Placing a cell phone in your bra or in a shirt pocket over your heart is asking for trouble, as is placing it in a man’s pocket if he seeks to preserve his fertility. The most dangerous place to be, in terms of radiation exposure, is within about six inches of the emitting antenna. You do not want any part of your body within that area while the phone is on. Don’t assume one cell phone is safer than another. There’s no such thing as a “safe” cell phone. Respect others; many are highly sensitive to EMF. Some people who have become sensitive can feel the effects of others’ cell phones in the same room, even when it is on but not being used. If you are in a meeting, on public transportation, in a courtroom or other public places, such as a doctor’s office, keep your cell phone turned off out of consideration for the “secondhand radiation” effects. Children are also more vulnerable, so please avoid using your cell phone near children. Use a well-shielded wired headset: Wired headsets will certainly allow you to keep the cell phone farther away from your body. However, if a wired headset is not well-shielded — and most of them are not — the wire itself can act as an antenna attracting and transmitting radiation directly to your brain. So make sure the wire used to transmit the signal to your ear is shielded . One of the best kinds of headsets use a combination of shielded wire and air-tube. These operate like a stethoscope, transmitting the sound to your head as an actual sound wave; although there are wires that still must be shielded, there is no wire that goes all the way up to your head. Tips for Avoiding Dirty Electricity Risks Additional options to minimize your risks from dirty electricity, compiled by Paula Owens, M.S. for the Ahwatukee Foothill News, include: 13 “Avoid using laptop computers on your lap. Switch out compact fluorescent light (CFL) bulbs for incandescent light bulbs. Consider replacing Wi-Fi routers with Ethernet cables. Avoid electric water beds, blankets and heating pads. Remove electrical devices from your sleeping area. If you must use an electric alarm clock, keep it at least five inches from your body when sleeping. Or, opt for a battery-operated clock. Move power strips at least three inches away from your feet. Switch to flat-screen TVs and computer monitors as these emit less EMFs than the older styles. If you live in close vicinity to or underneath electrical wires, power lines or cell phone towers, you may want to consider moving. Stand three to four feet away from microwave ovens when in use [or stop using them altogether]. Consider shielding devices to reduce EMFs from cell phones, cordless phones and landline speaker phones. Ask your electric utility provider to remove wireless smart meters and replace them with a wired smart meter. Walk barefoot on the sand, grass or dirt. This common practice known as earthing or grounding allows the healing negative ions from the ground to flow into our body and have been shown to reduce stress hormones and inflammation. Use 100 percent beeswax candles and Himalayan salt lamps in your home and office to absorb EMFs from the air. Salt lamps serve as natural room ionizers, emitting negative ions into the environment that effectively bind with all the excess positive ions, reducing EMFs, killing bacteria and purifying the air.” 

The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
14187,The Russian factor in Georgia-Ukraine relations,"The Russian factor in Georgia-Ukraine relations After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths. 

Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili makes a speech during Yulia Tymoshenko's party congress in Kiev, Ukraine, March 29, 2014. Photo: AP 
In October, Georgia didn’t support any of Ukraine’s resolutions denouncing the Kremlin’s foreign policy within the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). That is surprising, given how many analysts had by now assumed that Georgia and Ukraine were on the same page when it came to Russia.
The two resolutions deal with “the political implications of Russia’s aggression in Ukraine” and human rights abuses “on the occupied Ukrainian territories.” By supporting them, PACE recognized the military conflict in Ukraine as “Russian aggression” for the first time and called on the Kremlin to withdraw its forces from the eastern part of Ukraine. Moreover, it denounced the parliamentary elections , recently conducted by Russia in Crimea .
Also read: "" The victory of the Georgian Dream is beneficial for Russia and the West "" When the Georgian delegation in PACE didn’t support these resolutions, the nation’s pro-Western parties reacted strongly. For example, the United National Movement lambasted the Georgian government and accused the country’s former Prime Minister, Bidzina Ivanishvili, of supporting Russia. Moreover, Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president and now the governor of the Odessa region in Ukraine, described such a stance as a “disgraceful” move.
However, an immediate response came from one of the members of the Georgian delegation in PACE, Eka Beselia. She retorted that Tbilisi needed to defend its own national interests. Even though this statement seems to have alleviated the increasing conflict, the video of Russian-Georgian journalist Matwey Ganapolsky, who accuses Georgia of betraying Ukraine in favor of Russia, fuelled the tensions. In contrast, Russian pundits see the unwillingness of Georgia to vote for the PACE resolution as a sign of improvement in Tbilisi-Moscow relations.
In reality, the reluctance of the Georgian Dream, the ruling party in Georgia, to approve these resolutions is just the logical conclusion of complicated relations with Kiev. Since the start of the color revolutions in the post-Soviet space , Georgia and Ukraine were largely in the same boat .
After the success of the Rose Revolution in Tbilisi and the Orange Revolution in Kiev, the newly elected governments were closely connected with each other and teamed up against Russia. This resulted from friendly relations between Ukraine’s former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko and former president Viktor Yushchenko on the one hand, and Georgia’s Saakashvili on the other hand.
However, their relationship was rather pragmatic in its nature, although officially Tbilisi recognized Ukraine as one of its closest allies. Since 2007 the democratic processes in the two countries have started moving in a reverse direction. Saakashvili’s penchant for conducting an aggressive policy as well as his authoritarian inclinations was increasing, while Ukraine faced the corruption and the political rivalry between Timoshenko and Yushchenko.
The more impact this had on the countries’ stability and development, the more obvious became the fact that the ruling elites from both sides did not support democratic reforms, but only the regimes that were friendly to them. Thus, Georgian-Ukrainian relations could be seen as a form of cooperation between governments, not between the people. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
And this trend became relevant until the 2010 presidential elections, when Georgia’s civil society and population called on the government to support democratic processes and regime change in its “brother” country. From then on, Georgia has been shying away from supporting the political regime in Ukraine and focusing more on the support of the country’s own population.
Recommended: "" The tragic roots of the Five-Day War between Russia and Georgia "" However, Ukraine refused to consider such tactics, with its official representatives criticizing the Georgian Dream coalition for supporting Russia during the 2012 parliamentary elections. Moreover, Kiev cooperated with Georgia’s United National Movement, which was openly accused of building an authoritarian regime and egregious human rights abuses.
Logically, the new Georgian government under Ivanishvili cannot help paying attention to this fact. But it was relatively reticent and didn’t respond, even when Georgian volunteers came to fight in Eastern Ukraine to support Kiev and accused Tbilisi of supporting Russia. That had some implications for the Georgian Dream: It was seen as a political force that is capable of defending the country’s national interests.
Moreover, Georgian voters also saw the fact that Saakashvili was appointed as the governor of the Odessa region as an unfriendly move from Ukraine, as a slap in the face, because the former Georgian president was legally prosecuted in his home country, which meant that Ivanishvili couldn’t fulfill his pledges and restore justice [During the election campaign he promised to put Saakashvili in jail for corruption and the abuse of power — Editor’s note]. The problem was exacerbated when Kiev granted Saakashvili Ukrainian citizenship, which made it impossible to imprison the former Georgian president.
Saakashvili crossed the red line during the latest parliamentary elections in Georgia during the campaign. First, his colleagues from the United National Movement visited Ukraine. Second, he openly called for a coup d’état against the Georgian government, which he sees as pro-Russian. In fact, he threatened to conduct a new revolution in Georgia. This was the last straw for the Georgian Dream. ; ;
It is safe to say that ; the current Georgian political elites started seeing Ukraine as a real headache and the shelter for dubious and controversial Georgian politicians from the United National Movement accused of different wrongdoings and legal violations.
However, with the victory of the Georgian Dream in the 2016 parliamentary elections, a lot has changed. Moreover, the odds of the party of winning the constitutional majority are really high. It means that the influence of the party is growing in the Georgian parliament and even more could change.
As a result, the government won’t necessarily have to take into account the views of other political forces to take decisions. It can be pretty outspoken now that it won’t put up with anti-government moves and initiatives like the ones promoted by Saakashvili. Moreover, the Georgian voters, who are seeking to have those involved in the violations during Saakashvili’s tenure prosecuted. So, in this regard, the electorate supports the Georgian Dream.
Also read: "" What do Georgian elections mean for Moscow-Tbilisi relations? "" Thus, all this indicates that Georgian-Ukrainian relations have always been more complex and nuanced than they seemed to be at first glance. ; During Saakashvili’s tenure, there was cooperation between his government and the ones of Timoshenko and Yushchenko. However, eventually, Tbilisi shifted its priority from supporting top political officials to supporting society and people.
Ukrainian politicians should keep in mind that the Russian factor is not the only one that determines the Ukrainian-Georgian agenda. Providing shelter to Saakashvili also does matter. So, to improve the relations with Tbilisi, Kiev should take into account its national interest and support the Georgian people instead of the country’s politicians.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. ",0
14188,DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion,"By Claire Bernish A massive explosion of a gas pipeline in Shelby County, Alabama — near the site where the same pipeline leaked some 336,000... ",0
14189,CT Gov. Malloy Instructs School Superintendents to Follow Obama’s Transgender Bathroom Policy - Breitbart,"Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy ( ) issued an executive order Thursday instructing the state department of education to develop policies with local school districts that allow gender confused children to use the school bathrooms and locker rooms of whichever gender they identify with at any given time. [According to a press release from Malloy’s office, the governor and state department of education Commissioner Dianna R. Wentzell issued a memo to all Connecticut public school superintendents, referring them to former President Barack Obama’s 2016 transgender bathroom policy for guidance until more “formal guidance” is developed within the state.  Malloy’s executive order is in response to President Donald Trump’s decision to abandon Obama’s May 2016 directive, which effectively asserts that children can change their sex by simply announcing they have the “gender identity” of the other sex. Trump essentially returned the issue of school bathrooms to the states. Obama’s transgender bathroom policy was actually halted in August of 2016 by a U. S. district judge who said the former president had overstepped his authority in issuing the directive. The order comes “in light of an action yesterday by the Trump Administration to roll back federal guidelines that protected transgender students in public school,” states the press release from the governor’s office. The governor said in a statement: Discrimination, harassment, and bullying have no place in our classrooms or at our schools. Despite the actions taken by the federal government yesterday, the State of Connecticut remains committed to ensuring that every student has access to a   education in a safe, supportive and welcoming school environment. Every child, no matter their gender identity or expression, should be treated equally and fairly in a safe, supportive environment. Connecticut will remain a state of inclusiveness because we strongly believe that diversity makes us stronger. Malloy, who served as a surrogate for Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race, signed legislation in 2011 that added yet another category of a special protected class  —   gender identity and expression  —   into Connecticut’s   statutes. Less than   of Americans support the “ ” ideology pushed by gay activists and by Obama. Policies associated with the ideology would allow transgender activists to sue   institutions  —   such as sports leagues, public   and women’s shelters   —   until both biological sexes are viewed as interchangeable. Since the presidential election, Obama has twice admitted that his unpopular transgender policy helped to defeat Trump’s rival, Hillary Clinton. In an email statement, Family Institute of Connecticut (FIC) says, “[T]he governor’s statement of opposition is a farce, just the typical grandstanding to his base for which he is prone. ” FIC continues: As White House spokesman Sean Spicer explained in his daily briefing, President Trump rescinded President Obama’s transgender imposition on the nation’s schools because “He just believes this is a state issue that needs to be addressed by the states. ” In other words, President Trump could care less whether Gov. Malloy reaffirms transgender impositions on Connecticut’s schools. Trump rescinded Obama’s “guidelines” for reasons of states’ rights, the very idea Malloy appeals to in resisting Trump’s immigration policies. On Wednesday, the Connecticut governor also ordered his state’s law enforcement officers to refuse to comply with Trump’s immigration orders and policies, urging them to bar federal immigration officials from having access to illegal immigrants. Additionally, Malloy’s order encouraged schools to develop their own plans to bar access to schools by federal immigration officials. In June of 2016, Quinnipiac University released a survey that found Malloy’s approval ratings had plummeted to 24 percent  —   his lowest since taking office in 2011, and “one of the lowest approval ratings ever recorded for a governor in any of the nine states surveyed by the Quinnipiac University Poll,” reports the school. In the same month, a study from George Mason University’s Mercatus Center found that Connecticut ranked as the state in the worst fiscal condition  —   second only to Puerto Rico.",0
14190,Surveillance Video: Armed Suspects Flee Foiled Home Invasion - Breitbart,"Surveillance video from a home in Alamogordo, New Mexico, shows three armed suspects fleeing the front of a residence after a foiled home invasion. [The incident occurred Thursday night around 9 pm.  According to KOB 4, Alamogordo Police says “three armed men and a woman [tried] to break into a home. ” The woman knocked on the door and the three men approached with weapons once the resident opened it. The homeowner closed the door when the men approached and the men tried to open it, only to look through the glass and see something that set them to flight. In the video, one of the suspects can be seen holding a handgun and another can be seen holding an   style rifle.  Alamogordo Deputy Chief Roger Schoolcraft said the suspects “headed south on foot” and are currently being sought. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
14191,American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views,"American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views 11/03/2016 
MONDOWEISS When it comes to aiding Israeli Apartheid, American Express is just another brick in The Wall, according to a new report. Roger Waters, lead singer behind Pink Floyd, lost a multimillion dollar American Express sponsorship for his 2017 US+Them tour after expressing solidarity this month with Palestinian students trying to end Israel’s apartheid system of military occupation using the same protest tactic that helped dismantle South African Apartheid (and, earlier, America’s Jim Crow): Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions, or BDS. “I’m going to send out all of my most heartfelt love and support to all those young people on the campuses of the universities of California who are standing up for their brothers and sisters in Palestine and supporting the BDS movement,” Rogers said, according to CBS News , “in the hope that we may encourage the government of Israel to end the occupation.” American Express decided it would be a good idea to leak the cancellation of the contract to the New York Post , where Page Six’s Emily Smith has the exclusive story . “Roger is putting on a huge show. The company was asked to sponsor his tour for $4 million, but pulled out because it did not want to be part of his anti-Israel rhetoric,” an American Express spokesman told the paper. “We never committed to sponsoring Roger Waters’ upcoming tour. When we were approached with the options, we passed on making a bid.” American Express had helped sponsor Waters’ Oldchella Desert Trip festival (Coachella for the senior set featuring Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, and the Rolling Stones) where he made the comments expressing support for human rights. But without anybody even asking them, American Express decided it had to go out of its way to bash Waters for “putting on a huge show.” Noteworthy about American Express’s decision is that it comes even as Waters included more mainstream political views, like featuring in the performance a line of children wearing shirts that said “Derriba el muro,” (Tear down the wall). He also showed Trump in a Klan outfit, and the show featured a floating pig balloon that calls the Republican candidate an “Ignorant, lying, racist, sexist pig,” CBS reported. Waters more mainstream kinds of leftist protest didn’t make up for his audacious display of solidarity with his fellow human beings living and dying under a ceaseless occupation. American Express has also sponsored Beyonce’s performances, where she has used art to make reference to police oppression of communities of color . But AmEx lost its nerve when Waters brought up Palestinian rights. According to the New York Post , Waters has known that there are consequences for standing up against the occupation, and that keeps others silent. “I have been accused of being a Nazi and an anti-Semite for the past 10 years. My industry has been particularly recalcitrant in even raising a voice [against Israel] . . . I’ve talked to a lot of them, and they are scared s – – tless. If they say something in public, they will no longer have a career. They will be destroyed,” he said, according to the Post. But Waters is already famous, and 75, so the stakes aren’t the same as for young artists. Update (11/1/16) This article originally quoted the New York Post as saying that Citi had assumed sponsorship of the tour after American Express dropped out, but after publication a representative of Citi contacted us with this clarification: In your article “ American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views ”, it mentions that “Citibank grabbed the opportunity to sponsor one of the biggest and best acts of the 20th century.” However, Citi is not a sponsor of Roger Waters’ upcoming tour. Two weeks ago, Citi offered a limited time pre-sale of tickets for cardmembers for select shows, as we do for thousands of concerts by different artists every year. The pre-sale has ended and we have no plans to work with this artist in the future. 
– See more at: http://mondoweiss.net/2016/10/american-express-palestinian/#sthash.cGAw7DW9.dpuf",0
14192,"Qanta Ahmed: ’Many of Us’ Muslims Welcome Extreme Vetting, Protests About Syria ’Rather Hollow’ - Breitbart","On Tuesday’s broadcast of “Fox  Friends,” author Dr. Qanta Ahmed argued that while “a lot of Muslims around the world” are scared of President Trump’s extreme vetting, “many of us, especially opposed to radical Islam, are welcoming it. ”  When asked about the feelings of Muslims about extreme vetting, Ahmed said it was “complex. I think a lot of Muslims around the world are afraid. But many of us, especially opposed to radical Islam, are welcoming it. We don’t want to prohibit refugees here forever. We, as Americans, want to help those in need, but we do think we have to make assessments based on the regions that are identified. Libya, the third front of ISIS. Somalia, beyond failed. It’s own government cannot travel outside its capital, let alone govern it. Iraq, we’re fighting ISIS, but special exception must be made for Iraqis helping US forces. So, we see it as very pragmatic. Muslim minorities that are persecuted badly in Pakistan and other places were thrilled that this draft wording includes penalizing those that commit honor violence or persecution of minorities. A lot of Muslims are subject to that. So, I think there is a positive feeling. ” She added that Trump’s proposal to build safe zones in Syria is a “fantastic move, and one the last administration failed for years, when Muslim leaders asked President Obama to do the same. I think any Syrian that’s been displaced from their country would rather prefer to live there, if it was safe for them to do. That’s a strong move. Look at what’s happened, these people protesting in our city and around the world. Where were those protests when those babies were washed up? Nobody was carrying about the neglect of Syria for this  —   for the last six years. So these tears are rather hollow, in my opinion. It is a powerful move to argue for   zone. ” Ahmed concluded that she didn’t think Saudi Arabia should be on the list of countries that are under travel restrictions, because while the country is “complicated,” the US “needs it geopolitically. ” She further stated that since Saudi Arabia is where Mecca is, if the US “prohibits American Muslims from visiting Mecca coming backwould be appalling. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
14193,General Mills Recalls Some Flour After Consumers Fall Ill - The New York Times,"No more sticking fingers into cake batter or cookie dough. On Tuesday, General Mills announced that it was voluntarily recalling various batches of its Gold Medal, Gold Medal Wondra and Signature flours that federal officials have potentially linked to illnesses in 38 people in 20 states caused by a strain of E. coli. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about half of those people became ill after making something at home with flour, according to a news release from General Mills. Some of those who were sickened may have eaten raw dough or batter, the company said. “In general, C. D. C. recommends that people not eat raw dough or batter intended for cooking or baking, and children not be provided raw dough to play with,” an agency statement said. “People should use safe   practices when preparing such products, including following package directions for cooking at proper temperatures washing hands, surfaces and utensils after contact with these types of products avoiding   and refrigerating products properly. ” Most strains of E. coli are harmless, but E. coli O121, the one found in the 38 sick people, is a potentially deadly bacteria that can cause bloody diarrhea and dehydration. Seniors, children and people with compromised immune systems are most at risk. General Mills said the pathogen had not been found in any of its flour products or in its flour manufacturing plant. “Flour is an ingredient that comes from milling wheat, something grown outdoors that carries with it risks of bacteria, which are rendered harmless by baking, frying or boiling,” the company said. Its website has information on the flour batches affected by the recall. In 2009, Nestlé recalled some of Nestlé Toll House cookie dough after more than 70 people in 30 states became sick from E. coli 157: H7, another deadly variety. While no one ingredient was ever identified as the culprit, one hypothesis was that the E. coli in the product was passed by the flour to consumers who ate raw dough. The announcement on Tuesday was the latest of several voluntary food recalls. In May, the C. D. C. announced a recall of frozen vegetables that had been processed by CRF Frozen Foods but ended up in products under a variety of brand names. The foods had been linked to a listeria outbreak. Also in May the agency announced a voluntary recall of pistachios produced by Wonderful Pistachios, a division of the Wonderful Company, after it tied the nuts to 11 cases of Salmonella Montevideo and Salmonella Senftenberg. It linked 26 cases of poisoning in 12 states to a third strain of Salmonella found in sprouts produced by several companies from one lot of contaminated seeds that probably were the culprit, according to the agency. “Contamination of food is an ongoing issue,” said Sandra Eskin, who directs work on food safety at the Pew Charitable Trusts. “The good news is that we’ve got technology like whole genome sequencing that’s helping identify outbreaks more quickly than in the past. ” Ms. Eskin also said that new food safety regulations that will take effect this September will make food manufacturers responsible for preventing contamination and give the Food and Drug Administration the ability to take action against a company if it is not taking steps to prevent food safety problems.",0
14194,If the Christian evangelicals believe Trump will save America,Report Copyright Violation If the Christian evangelicals believe Trump will save America then that means he will destroy it instead. These people are always wrong. They supported bush. The patriot act. Torture. The war in Iraq. They demonized anybody who didn't support the war. Called them unpatriotic. These also are the same people who want to bomb Iran because it would bring about the rapture. They told us Obama was the antichrist and would take away your guns but then nothing happened. And they think Putin(Mr. KGB)is a great man. They control hellholes like Mississippi and Alabama(two of the sorriest states in the country).If Trump is Pat Robertson's man you better hope he doesn't get elected. It will be a disaster. No doubt about it. Page 1,0
14195,A Hard Journey Toward Independence - The New York Times,"It wasn’t until she was 3 years old that Shatiana Vanterpool received a diagnosis. Unable to walk or talk, she was taken by her mother, Shayntte Johnson, to three different doctors, and finally it was discovered that she had cerebral palsy, which affected her muscle tone and motor skills. She didn’t learn to walk until she was about 5. And doctors said she would never be able to speak. Now, at 21, Ms. Vanterpool rides the subway on her own. Her mother said this makes her a little nervous sometimes, but “you have to let her grow and see what the other side is like. ” After years of hard work, including physical, occupational and speech therapy, Ms. Vanterpool is enrolled in a rehabilitation program for adults with intellectual disabilities that helps prepare them for the work world. But for Ms. Johnson, being a single parent to Ms. Vanterpool and her    sister has been a struggle. Last February, they moved into a family shelter and stayed until Ms. Johnson could find affordable housing, which she finally did in October. Brooklyn Community Services, one of the eight agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, used $500 from the fund to provide a new bed and dresser for Ms. Vanterpool’s room. Ms. Johnson became concerned for her family’s safety after a recent shooting by the police in the Brooklyn public housing complex where they now live. She has considered requesting a transfer to other housing. In the meantime, Ms. Vanterpool will continue with her therapy and says she is determined to find a job and live independently. A child with multiple disabilities “may look a little different, but they are no different,” her mother said. “People need to have patience. ” All donations made to the Neediest Cases Fund go to one of eight charities: Brooklyn Community Services Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens The Children’s Aid Society Community Service Society of New York Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies   of New York and the International Rescue Committee. To help, please make checks payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and send them to P. O. Box 5193, New York, N. Y. 10087. Donations may be made with a credit card at    or online at nytimes. .",0
14196,AP Just Confirmed Melania Trump Worked Illegally As An Immigrant,"Comments 
The AP has uncovered concrete evidence that Melania Trump worked illegally in the United States, before obtaining an H-1B Visa as a fashion model: 
Melania Trump was paid for 10 modeling jobs in the United States worth $20,056 that occurred in the seven weeks before she had legal permission to work in the country, according to detailed accounting ledgers, contracts and related documents from 20 years ago provided to The Associated Press. 
Melania Trump’s immigration status was first questioned in early August after the New York Post released nude photos of the prospective First Lady. 
That led the Washington Post to fact check the story and concluded that the photos were taken the year before she claimed to have arrived in America. The facts are that she definitely worked in the United States before getting her first visa in 1996 : 
Mrs. Trump, who received a green card in March 2001 and became a U.S. citizen in 2006, has always maintained that she arrived in the country legally and never violated the terms of her immigration status. During the presidential campaign, she has cited her story to defend her husband’s hard line on immigration. 
The wife of the GOP presidential nominee, who sometimes worked as a model under just her first name, has said through an attorney that she first came to the U.S. from Slovenia on Aug. 27, 1996, on a B1/B2 visitor visa and then obtained an H-1B work visa on Oct. 18, 1996. 
The documents obtained by the AP show she was paid for 10 modeling assignments between Sept. 10 and Oct. 15, during a time when her visa allowed her generally to be in the U.S. and look for work but not perform paid work in the country. The documents examined by the AP indicate that the modeling assignments would have been outside the bounds of her visa. 
Later reports from the Trump organization about her immigration status appeared to show that under the Republican nominee’s own policies , Melania Trump probably would not be allowed in the country. 
Immigration violations can be re-litigated at any later date, if they are fraud or misrepresentation on any of the documents used to gain entry or US citizenship, although this almost never happens. 
The AP reports that the United States government only seeks to revoke citizenship in the “most egregious cases, such as instances involving terrorism or war crimes.” 
However, it’s likely that Melania Trump’s immigration status and her Republican nominee husband’s hypocritical stances towards immigration may be thrust into the maelstrom of the waning days of this year’s presidential campaign. 
The big question is: Using the Trump standard for deportation – which would send his wife home to Slovenia – will the Republican candidate petition to send his wife out of the United States?",0
14197,BREAKING: THE REAL REASON HILLARY CLINTON WONT BE CHARGED BY THE FBI,"We Are Change 
In this video Luke Rudkowski breaks down the real reason that Hillary Clinton isn’t facing charges in the FBI’s renewed investigation into her private server as secretary of state.
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE:
http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post BREAKING: THE REAL REASON HILLARY CLINTON WONT BE CHARGED BY THE FBI appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14198,"Nancy Sinatra Slams CNN, Congratulates Trump: ’Why Do You Lie, CNN?’ - Breitbart","Daughter of Frank Sinatra, Nancy Sinatra, accused CNN of deliberately twisting a comment she made in reference to President Trump, before congratulating the 45th President of the United States on his inauguration. [Responding to an article published by CNN originally entitled, “Nancy Sinatra not happy Trump using father’s song at inauguration,” the    singer and actress replied, “That’s not true. I never said that. Why do you lie, CNN?”   CNN’s story was based on a tweet from Sinatra that has since been deleted that said, “Just remember the first line of the song,” in reference to the planned use of Frank Sinatra’s “My Way” for Donald and Melania Trump’s first dance at the Liberty Ball on Inauguration Day. CNN has since amended the story, changing the headline to “Sinatra on Trump picking ‘My Way’: Remember the first line,” and adding a note that “This story has been updated to reflect Sinatra’s reaction. ” Sinatra appears to have deleted the tweet accusing CNN of lying after they updated their story’s headline and text. She also congratulated the 45th president, tweeting, “Good luck to you. ” Congratulations, Mr. President. Good luck to you. 🇺🇸  —   Nancy Sinatra (@NancySinatra) January 20, 2017,  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
14199,‘What’s the Big Deal?’ Ask Trump Voters on Russia Hacking Report - The New York Times,"COVINGTON, La.  —   “Sour grapes,” explained Bob Marino, 79, weighing in on the recent spycraft bombshell from the corner table of a local McDonald’s. “Sour grapes,” agreed Roger Noel, 65, sitting next to him. “Bunch of crybabies,” Reed Guidry, 64, offered from across the table. The subject of conversation was the report released by United States intelligence chiefs on Friday informing   Donald J. Trump of their unanimous conclusion that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia ordered an extensive, but covert, cyberoperation to help Mr. Trump win the election. The Russians had hacked and leaked emails, unleashed “trolls” on social media and used their “  propaganda machine” to spread stories harmful to Hillary Clinton. In Washington, the report was viewed as extraordinary, both for its timing, raising sharp questions about the  ’s legitimacy on the verge of his taking office, and for its assertions, describing the operation as Russia’s boldest effort yet to meddle with American elections, to spread discontent and to “undermine the U. S.  democratic order. ” But interviews with Trump supporters here in Louisiana, a state the   won by 20 points, and in Indiana, a state he won by nearly the same margin, found opinions about the report that ranged from general indifference to outright derision. “From the parts of the report I’ve seen,” said Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite, “it seems silly. ” There are genuine concerns about Russia’s cyberoperations, he said, but the notion that they changed the outcome of the election was absurd. (The report made no determination on how they affected the election.) Of the comments he had seen from fellow Trump supporters on Facebook and in emails, he added, “90 percent of them are like, ‘What’s the big deal? ’” The Russians may have very well gotten involved, several people said. They added that kind of interference should be combated. But many assumed that foreign actors had long tried to play favorites in American elections, and that the United States had done the same in other countries’ elections. Even if the Russians did do it  —   which some were more willing to concede than others  —   what difference did it make? People did not need the Russians to make up their minds about Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump’s election opponent. Blaming her loss on the Russians was, as one Trump supporter here said, “just being sore losers. ” “I don’t think the Russians posed as big a problem to the Clintons as the Clintons posed to themselves,” said Paul Emenes, 49, while he sold ribs, shoulders and chops at a frigid outdoor farmers’ market in Covington. Russian hacking was concerning, sure, Mr. Emenes said. He added that, as long as Mr. Trump was not involved himself, “it doesn’t change the way I view him. ” Tina Gunaldo, 44, taking blankets off the citrus trees in her Mandeville, La. front yard after the previous night’s frost, had a similar attitude. “Trump is Trump,” she said. “Do I think he’s going to become more of a friend to Russia because of this? No I don’t. I think  —   I hope  —   his focus will be on making America great again. ” Ms. Gunaldo would not reveal whom she voted for, but she did say Mr. Trump’s slogan resonated with her. It apparently resonated quite widely in this parish, which he won by more than 50 points. But it was a quiet support, she said. She knew of only one yard in the whole subdivision with a sign. That yard belonged to Thurston Yates Sr. “I don’t believe it,” Mr. Yates, 78, said flatly of the intelligence report. He was standing in the yard under his “Make America Great Again” flag, which he bought at a gun show several months ago. “Why would Putin even want Trump?” Mr. Yates, who is retired from a career in pharmaceutical sales, was not concerned about what Mr. Trump might do in office, but said he was deeply alarmed about what President Obama might do before he leaves office. It was Mr. Obama who was too soft on Russia, who let Mr. Putin get away with things, Mr. Yates continued. Mr. Trump would be much tougher. But Mr. Yates then added: “Why is everybody so afraid of Russia? I’m not against Putin. ” This last sentiment was not uncommon. Even among those who were troubled by the hacks, few felt that Russia was a serious threat. The country was “a basket case,” and not the powerful foe it once was, said Mr. Marino, from his seat at McDonald’s. Others said that North Korea, the Islamic State and China were the real threats. Russia could even be a potential ally in some fights, suggested Valarie Kubacki, 54, a real estate broker in Valparaiso, Ind. Ms. Kubacki said she perceived Russia as “somewhere in the middle” between friend and enemy, but agreed with Mr. Trump that the United States could work with them to defeat the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. “We may have to line up with people who may not be our ‘friend’ to make that happen,” she said. That those on the right seemed to be warming to Russia was not seen as a particularly unusual development, though some joked about the incongruity of the left putting such faith in the Central Intelligence Agency. As they watched their son skate with his Boy Scout group at the public ice rink in downtown Valparaiso, Monty and Mary Willis, both registered Republicans, considered the ramifications of the intelligence report. “The idea of a fair election” had been placed in doubt, Ms. Willis said. “We were concerned about money being involved in the election. Now you’re talking about espionage. ” The Willises, who both work in real estate, might be Republicans, but they were not Trump voters. In fact, they had last voted for a Republican presidential candidate in 2008, when Senator John McCain of Arizona ran. The party seemed to have changed in recent years, they said. And the incoming administration had them deeply worried. “Our president being in cahoots with the Russian government?” Mr. Willis said. “Yes, I’m very concerned about that. ” In Louisiana, David Gubert, 56,   Eagle 20 cigarettes in the cab of his pickup, with stacks of firewood for sale behind him in the bed. Like the Willises, he ruminated on what it would mean if the Russians had gotten involved, and possibly even swung the election. But Mr. Gubert came to a different conclusion. “If that’s what it took,” he said, “I’m glad they did it. ”",0
14200,South Korean Prosecutors Seek to Arrest Park Geun-hye - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   Prosecutors said Monday that they were seeking to arrest former President Park   of South Korea on criminal charges including  bribery and abuse of power. Whether they can arrest Ms. Park, who was removed from office in a historic court ruling this month, will depend on whether the Seoul District Court will issue an arrest warrant. If arrested, Ms. Park would be the first former South Korean leader put behind bars since two former military dictators were imprisoned on corruption and mutiny charges in the  . On Monday, prosecutors formally asked the court for the warrant. It usually takes several days before the court studies evidence and decides whether an arrest warrant is justified. Prosecutors have been discussing whether they have enough evidence to apply for an arrest warrant since they questioned her for more than 20 hours last week. On Monday, prosecutors accused Ms. Park of conspiring with a longtime confidante, Choi   to collect tens of millions of dollars from big businesses, including more than $38 million in bribes from Samsung. Both Ms. Choi and Samsung’s top executive, Lee   have been arrested and indicted on a number of charges, including bribery. When they indicted Ms. Choi and Mr. Lee, prosecutors had already identified Ms. Park as a criminal accomplice. “The suspect abused her power by using her tremendous status and authority as president to help collect funds from businesses,” prosecutors said in a statement on Monday explaining why they thought she needed to be arrested. “Although there have been a number of pieces of evidence collected, the suspect has denied most of them, and there is a danger of her destroying incriminating evidence if she is not arrested. ” Kim   a spokesman for the Liberty Korea Party, to which Ms. Park belongs, called the prosecutors’ decision to seek her arrest “regrettable. ” But the opposition Democratic Party said it was “historic. ” The party said it would be only fair to arrest Ms. Park because Mr. Lee of Samsung was already under arrest. Ms. Park was named by prosecutors as an accomplice when Mr. Lee was arrested. “Former President Park has never properly acknowledged or apologized for the abusive manipulation of government affairs by her and her associates,” said Youn   a Democratic Party spokesman. South Korea’s political parties are in the middle of primary races to select their candidates for a presidential election on May 9. The National Assembly voted overwhelmingly on Dec. 9 to impeach Ms. Park on charges of corruption and abuse of power, and she was formally removed from office on March 10. Ms. Park was the first South Korean leader to be forced from office in response to popular pressure since the country’s founding president, Syngman Rhee, fled into exile in Hawaii in 1960 after protests against his corrupt, authoritarian rule. Since she took office in early 2013, Ms. Park had been dogged by allegations that Ms. Choi was influencing government affairs from the shadows  —   and using her connections with the president for personal gain. On Monday, Ms. Park was also accused of leaking secret government documents to Ms. Choi, who had no clearance for handling them, to help her influence state affairs for her personal benefit. Those   allegations  —   journalists reporting them had been sued by Ms. Park’s aides  —   began shaking her government last fall, when a deluge of what prosecutors considered incriminating evidence began spilling out through the local news media and disgruntled former associates of Ms. Choi. Huge crowds rallied in central Seoul every Saturday for months, demanding that Ms. Park be removed from office. Ms. Park has apologized repeatedly for the scandal. She has vehemently denied any legal wrongdoing, although most South Koreans consider her removal a crucial step toward ending what they see as corrupt ties between government and big business, a bane of South Korea’s young democracy. As president, Ms. Park also refused to be questioned by prosecutors or testify at the Constitutional Court, calling the impeachment politically biased. Now that she is a private citizen, she no longer enjoys the presidential privilege of immunity from criminal investigation. Still, she has remained defiant, refusing to accept the Constitutional Court’s ruling. “It will take time, but I am sure that the truth will be known,” she said on March 12, when she moved out of the presidential Blue House, where she first lived when her father, Park   was the country’s dictator from 1961 until his assassination in 1979. Two former presidents  —   the military dictators Chun   and Roh    —   were questioned by prosecutors in 1995 on suspicion of bribery. The two men, former army generals, also faced sedition and mutiny charges for their roles in the 1979 military coup that brought them to power and in the 1980 massacre of antigovernment demonstrators in the southwestern city of Gwangju. Mr. Chun was sentenced to death  —   the sentence was later commuted to life in prison  —   while Mr. Roh was sentenced to 17 years. Both were pardoned and released in December 1997.",0
14201,Jodie Foster at Anti-Trump Rally: ’This Is Our Time to Resist’,"Actress Jodie Foster condemned President Donald Trump’s policies Friday during United Talent Agency’s   “United Voices” rally outside the company’s Beverly Hills headquarters. [Foster, famous for avoiding the spotlight and politics, took the stage in front of hundreds of   protesters and delivered a blistering critique of Trump’s immigration and national security agenda.  “We know that the first attack on democracy is an assault on free expression, civil liberties, and this relentless war on the truth, ” Foster said. “And sadly, it’s too familiar because history repeats itself. ” “So you’re going to remember where you were today and what you did,” the   aded. “It doesn’t matter where you were born, who you voted for. All the colors in the identity rainbow  —   this is our time to resist. It is the time to show up and demand answers. It’s all of us trying to tell our elected officials to do their job. ” “We will not tolerate chaos, ineptitude, and warmongering,” Foster told the crowd. “This is our time to resist”: Jodie Foster has led a Hollywood   protest against Donald Trump pic. twitter.   —   The Telegraph (@Telegraph) February 25, 2017,  United Talent Agency canceled its usual   bash and organized the   rally after the president signed an executive order that temporarily halted the admission into the United States of refugees from seven   countries. Actor Michael J. Fox also addressed the crowd, calling Trump’s immigration and national security policies an “assault on human dignity. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
14202,Putin's New Promise: 'I Will Defeat The Illuminati',"Putin's New Promise: 'I Will Defeat The Illuminati' Please scroll down for video 
The Russian President Vladimir Putin has shown that he has never been afraid of fighting several opponents on different fronts. Now, it appears that he has a new target in his sights – the Illuminati. Vladimir Putin swears to take on the Illuminati 
It has been previously alleged that Putin, who was born and raised in the shadow of important political influence and who previously served in the notorious Russian intelligence agency, the KGB is himself a bona fide member of the New World Order. However, it seems unlikely that Putin ever became a fully-fledged member of the Illuminati. From the outset of his rise to power, Putin has made it clear that he is a Russian patriot and that his first duty will always be to his country. 
To this end, Putin has been seen to actively act against the interests of those within the Illuminati if their activities conflict with the health and prosperity of the Russian nation. This has allegedly led to Jacob Rothschild calling Putin ‘a traitor to the New World Order.' In response, it has been claimed that Putin said that he would destroy the shadowy organization. It is believed that Putin has now established himself as the most dangerous opponent of the Illuminati alive today . 
Over the years, Putin has forced out some oligarchs in the pay of the Khazarian Mafia out of the country and into areas such as the City of London. It is claimed that he has done this to loosen the stranglehold that the Illuminati have held over the Russian economy and major industries since the end of the Cold War. He has also expelled all businesses operating under the Rothschild Banking Group in recent months as he believed that they were playing a positive role in the Russian financial system. 
It has also been alleged that Putin is moving outside of the realm of domestic concerns and is also thwarting Illuminati operations on the global scale. It has been said that the Russian military’s intervention in Syria and commitment to protecting the ruling party headed by President Al-Assad has torpedoed Illuminati plans to lay a pipeline through the country which would have been operated by their agents. 
This article (Putin's New Promise: 'I Will Defeat The Illuminati') is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
14203,North Korean Hackers Suspected of ‘WannaCry’ Ransomware Attack - Breitbart,"On Monday, a Google security researcher announced the discovery of code in the “WannaCry” ransomware virus that suggests a notorious North Korean hacking group is behind the major global cybercrime. [Researcher Neel Mehta revealed the discovery in a puzzling Twitter message:  9c7c7149387a1c79679a87dd1ba755bc @ 0x402560, 0x40F598ac21c8ad899727137c4b94458d7aa8d8 @ 0x10004ba0, 0x10012AA4#WannaCryptAttribution,  —   Neel Mehta (@neelmehta) May 15, 2017,  As security firm Kaspersky explains, the message refers to a block of code found in both an early version of the WannaCry virus  —   the far less harmful version that was turbocharged into a global menace with the addition of stolen National Security Agency hacking tools  —   and code obtained from a hacking group called Lazarus in 2015. In other words, this code snippet is a “fingerprint” that suggests WannaCry was developed by the Lazarus group. Lazarus is associated with North Korea and has a long history of wantonly destructive behavior  —   most notoriously including the attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment over the movie The Interview, which was seen as insulting to North Korean dictator Kim  . “The scale of the Lazarus operations is shocking,” Kaspersky’s Global Research  Analysis Team notes. “The group has been very active since 2011 and was originally disclosed when Novetta published the results of its Operation Blockbuster research. During that research, which we also participated in, hundreds of samples were collected and show that Lazarus is operating a malware factory that produces new samples via multiple independent conveyors. ” Kaspersky’s report considers the possibility that this code is a “false flag,” planted deliberately by other hackers looking to frame Lazarus for the WannaCry attack, but concludes that scenario is “improbable. ” Other possibilities are that Lazarus code was inadvertently copied into the early versions of WannaCry or that Lazarus created WannaCry but was not directly involved in weaponizing it with NSA software and unleashing it on the world last weekend. However, Kaspersky researchers are confident, based on other forensic details, that the WannaCry code analyzed by Neel Mehta is the precursor to the virus that attacked systems around the world on Friday. The New York Times reports that U. S. government officials have seen the similarities between WannaCry and the weapons employed in previous cyber attacks linked to North Korea, including the Sony hack, an assault on the central bank of Bangladesh last year, and an attack on Polish banks in February. The NYT notes that this code has only been seen in malware used by hackers linked to North Korea. “Attribution can be difficult. I don’t want to say we have no clues. But I stand assured that the best and brightest are working on this hack,” Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert said on Monday. Reuters reports that South Korea’s Hauri Labs confirmed the similarity between WannaCry and “North Korea’s backdoor malicious codes,” as senior researcher Simon Choi put it. Choi is highly experienced with North Korean   and is an adviser to South Korean intelligence and law enforcement agencies. Reuters notes that the Chinese Foreign Ministry had no comment on the record about North Korea’s possible involvement in the attack, which has done considerable damage in Asian countries, including China. All researchers and officials quoted on the possible North Korean link point out that the evidence is not “smoking gun” conclusive. Also, there are questions about whether the WannaCry attack is consistent with the strategy employed by North   hacker gangs. They have been interested in stealing large sums of money in the past and have used Bitcoin to collect ransoms, as WannaCry does, but they also tend to be more careful about collecting payments. WannaCry has been characterized as a sloppy attack with poor money handling on the ransom end, putting an almost absurdly small sum in the hackers’ Bitcoin account compared to the scale of global havoc they have inflicted.   estimates of the hackers’ take say they collected less than $70, 000 by Monday afternoon, although Bitcoin experts say the actual profits could be even lower because some of the transactions hitting the criminals’ Bitcoin account appear to be test transactions and fluctuations in the notoriously volatile Bitcoin currency must be considered. That is a paltry amount of profit given that a ransomware attack of this magnitude could have been expected to pull in at least $60 million for the crooks, and   analysts believe the costs from the attack could reach $4 billion worldwide. That would be a remarkable degree of ineptitude from the same crew that stole $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh, allegedly to feed isolated North Korea’s hunger for hard currency.  It could also suggest that if the same hackers are responsible, the objective this time around was to cause damage and sow chaos rather than collect ransoms. The $4 billion in damage could be far more important to the perpetrators than the $70, 000 or less in ransom payments collected. That could also explain why the gang’s handling of ransom payments seems so diffident, almost like an afterthought. One more disturbing theory to consider: the attack that swept the globe last weekend could be just a dry run for something much worse. It is possible WannaCry was a hastily   test of what the stolen NSA worm technology can do, possibly succeeding far beyond the hackers’ imaginations because they thought more potential victims would have long ago patched the Microsoft Windows security vulnerability that allows WannaCry to spread so aggressively. The small test transactions detected on the hackers’ Bitcoin account could support the theory of a test run that was supposed to be fairly small but quickly got out of hand. Along those lines, reports of even more dangerous WannaCry variants continue to trickle in. Reuters noted one such report from the Check Point Software Technologies, Ltd. cyber security firm on Monday, which was infecting a new computer roughly once per second before it was stopped.  As with WannaCry, the new variant was thwarted with a kill switch server  —   a website that tells the virus to stop reproducing, created as a safety valve to give the hackers a way to shut down their creation if they desired. The kill switch for this new variant was evidently different from the one discovered over the weekend, which greatly mitigated the damage from the initial WannaCry attack.",0
14204,"BREAKING: FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents","Home / BREAKING NEWS / BREAKING: FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents BREAKING: FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents Claire Bernish October 28, 2016 Leave a comment 
In a thoroughly stunning development, the FBI has announced the relaunch of an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails and personal server, after learning of “ the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation ,” as Rep. Jason Chaffetz tweeted this afternoon. FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
With just ten days to go before the presidential election, this development could knock the Clinton campaign for quite the loop — particularly amid growing controversy in revelations from campaign chair John Podesta’s emails, which continue to be published by Wikileaks on a daily basis. 
FBI Director James Comey penned a letter to Congress Friday, noting the bureau had learned additional documents had become apparent that could have bearing in the investigation of Clinton, stating , in part, via NBC News : 
“Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
Comey did not make apparent the content nor source of the documents, nor did he provide many extenuating details about the decision to relaunch the probe; however, after consulting with the team of investigators, “agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey made no suggestion whether or not the documents could be “significant,” but the fact the investigation has now been reopened certainly piques additional questions about both the new items as well as how they might have originally escaped the FBI’s attention. 
“There are outstanding questions . . . regarding a possible conflict of interest into this case,” stated House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz in a letter to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, as cited by the Washington Post . Chaffetz requested McCabe provide documentation concerning his wife’s 2015 bid for the Senate, which, as the Post notes, received financial support from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who is close to Hillary Clinton. 
Chaffetz requested documents from McCabe concerning “when you first became aware the State Department was pressuring the FBI to reverse its decision regarding the classification of one of Secretary Clinton’s emails,” and, “when you first became aware the FBI had opened an investigation into Secretary Clinton’s email server.” 
Indeed, Chaffetz notes several discrepancies in interdepartmental interactions during the course of the prior investigation, such as: 
“In the spring and summer of 2015, the FBI interacted with multiple agencies regarding Secretary Clinton’s emails. In April or May of 2015, Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy began contacting officials in the FBI’s National Security Branch, which you headed prior to serving as the head of the Washington Field Office. Under Secretary Kennedy pressured FBI officials to reverse a decision regarding an email deemed by the FBI to contain classified information. …” 
Considering the increasingly embattled campaign of Hillary Clinton, and the late date for initiating further investigation, one wonders whether the abrupt discovery could be related to the putatively missing 30,000 emails which have been the subject of both consternation and ridicule for months. 
Although Comey did not reveal, well, much of anything about the decision to relaunch the investigation, it’s clear this will have a direct and resounding impact on Hillary Clinton’s contentious bid for the White House. Share",0
14205,Will the next US president be a lesbian psycho?,"By Tom Leonard with pictures, captions, and comments by Lasha Darkmoon 
Hillary Clin­ton faced an up­set in her run for the White House two days ago af­ter the FBI an­nounced a fresh probe into her emails. In­ves­ti­ga­tors will examine new mes­sages to see whether she sent clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion on a private server. Just ten days be­fore Amer­i­cans go to the polls, the Demo­crat candidate’s bid to be­come the first woman US pres­i­dent may be de­railed if it is de­cided she should face crim­i­nal charges. ‘I AM INNOCENT!’ Recent Polls sug­gest Mrs Clinton will trounce Repub­li­can ri­val Don­ald Trump, who has been strug­gling to fight al­le­ga­tions about grop­ing women. But Mrs Clin­ton will now be forced on the de­fen­sive her­self in the fi­nal days of their vi­cious elec­tion bat­tle. LD : The latest news is that Hillary’s 12-point lead has been “ wiped out ” within the last 24 hours, with Hillary now just one point ahead of Trump. This could of course change at any moment, with rapid fluctuations, depending on the volatility of the situation. FBI di­rec­tor James Comey had rec­om­mended ear­lier this year that the Department of Jus­tice not press charges over emails sent by Mrs Clin­ton when she was sec­re­tary of state un­der Barack Obama. But he said ‘re­cent de­vel­op­ments’ had prompted him to take an­other look. The agency has ob­tained new emails from an un­re­lated case that ‘ap­pear per­ti­nent’ to the in­ves­ti­ga­tion, said Mr Comey. A ju­bi­lant Mr Trump hailed the dra­matic de­vel­op­ment of a re-opened investigation as ‘big­ger than Water­gate’, a ref­er­ence to the cor­rup­tion scan­dal that brought down Richard Nixon. ‘Bigger than Watergate’ The con­tro­versy has weighed heav­ily on the cam­paign, chal­leng­ing Mrs Clinton’s key con­tention that – un­like her opponent – she would be a safe pair of hands in the White House. Mr Comey an­nounced in July that the FBI’s 12-month investigation into Mrs Clinton’s con­tro­ver­sial email traf­fic while secretary of state was over. She was crit­i­cised for us­ing a pri­vate email server rather than the of­fi­cial system to trans­mit clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion, but escaped prose­cu­tion. In a harshly-worded crit­i­cism of her ‘ex­treme care­less­ness’ and ‘gross negligence’, Mr Comey said it was pos­si­ble that hos­tile for­eign govern­ments had gained ac­cess to her poorly-pro­tected ac­count. He also flatly con­tra­dicted var­i­ous Clinton claims al­though – in ex­plain­ing why he had not rec­om­mended pros­e­cut­ing her – he ac­cepted there was no evidence she had in­ten­tion­ally jeop­ar­dised state se­crets. The scan­dal has been bran­dished by Repub­li­cans as ev­i­dence of Mrs Clin­ton’s dis­hon­esty and in­com­pe­tence. Mr Comey informed Congress by let­ter that his agency had ob­tained new emails. They will be re­viewed to see if they are sig­nif­i­cant and if new ac­tion against Mrs Clin­ton is re­quired. Mr Comey did not give a time­frame for how long this in­ves­ti­ga­tion will take. The orig­i­nal FBI probe found that of 30,000 emails Mrs Clin­ton handed over to the State Depart­ment, 110 con­tained in­for­ma­tion that was clas­si­fied at the time she sent or re­ceived them. How­ever, an­other 33,000 emails went miss­ing. They were pre­sumed to have been per­ma­nently deleted but newly re­leased FBI notes sug­gested they still ex­ist in sev­eral locations and could be re­cov­ered. It is un­clear whether any of these are in­volved in the new FBI in­quiry. Law en­force­ment of­fi­cials said the newly dis­cov­ered emails were taken from the elec­tronic de­vices of se­nior Clin­ton aide Huma Abe­din and her dis­graced hus­band An­thony Weiner dur­ing an in­ves­ti­ga­tion in the lat­ter’s ‘sex­ting’ of girls. ANTHONY WEINER AND HUMA ABEDIN 
Note by LD : Huma Abedin is an American Muslim of Indo-Pakistani descent. Weiner is a disgraced Jewish politician who has been involved in a series of sex scandals. When Huma found out about her husband’s sleazy sexual activities, she was forced to divorce him. This was in August 2016. The unlikely couple had been married for just over six years. 
As for Huma, her relationship with Hillary Clinton has been an extraordinarily close one for almost 20 years, so much so that there have been sensational rumors of a lesbian liaison . The view for popular consumption is that Hillary is Huma’s “mentor” and “mother figure”. Hillary once compared Huma to her own daughter Chelsea. “I have one daughter,” she said. “But if I had a second daughter, it would be Huma.” Huma’s real mother, noting that Hillary had now replaced her in her daughter’s affections, once told Hillary jokingly, “I’m jealous of you!” (See here ) 
John Lennon’s widow, Yoko Ono ( pictured ), claims to have had a lesbian affair with Hillary in the 1970s. “We met many times,” Yoko boasts, “and became very intimate !” (LD) 
TOM LEONARD continues : 
Weiner, a for­mer Demo­crat con­gress­man for New York, be­came em­broiled in a se­ries of scan­dals over ex­chang­ing sex­u­ally ex­plicit text mes­sages with a string of women. 
He sep­a­rated from Miss Abe­din, vice chair­man of the Clin­ton cam­paign, in Au­gust. 
It is un­der­stood the FBI is in­ves­ti­gat­ing Weiner af­ter it was re­vealed that he had been sex­ting a high school stu­dent who was 15 at the time. Mr Trump re­acted with de­light to Mrs Clin­ton’s 11th-hour elec­tion night­mare. 
Ad­dress­ing a ju­bi­lant crowd in New Hamp­shire, Trump said: 
‘ Hil­lary Clin­ton’s cor­rup­tion is on a scale we’ve never seen be­fore. We must not let her take her crim­i­nal scheme into the Oval Of­fice.’ Mr Trump had pre­vi­ously crit­i­cised the FBI and Depart­ment of Jus­tice for not bring­ing charges against his elec­tion opponent. His run­ning mate, Mike Pence, called on the FBI to im­me­di­ately re­lease all the emails per­ti­nent to the investigation, adding: ‘The Amer­i­can peo­ple have a right to know.’ The Repub­li­can vice pres­i­den­tial can­di­date told a rally in Penn­syl­va­nia, that he and Don­ald Trump ‘com­mend the FBI for hav­ing the courage to re­open the case’. Chants of ‘Lock her up!’ came even be­fore Mr Pence ref­er­enced the FBI investigation. Mrs Clin­ton ig­nored shouted ques­tions from re­porters about the new FBI investigation as she walked off her plane in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the most se­nior Repub­li­can in Congress, said she had be­trayed Amer­i­cans’ trust for han­dling ‘the na­tion’s most im­por­tant secrets. HOT NEWS! (just sent in by our Far Eastern correspondent ‘FM’) LATEST! . . . 4-minute VIDEO",0
14206,Iowa Senators Push Constitutional Amendment Blocking Gun Control - Breitbart,"  Iowa senators are sponsoring Senate Joint Resolution 2 (SJR2) to amend the state’s constitution by adding explicit protections for Second Amendment rights, thereby blocking common   gun controls. [The text of SJR2 says, “The right of an individual to acquire, keep, possess, transport, carry, transfer, and use arms to defend life and liberty and for all other legitimate purposes is fundamental and shall not be infringed upon or denied. ”  The text goes on to say that “mandatory licensing, registration, or special taxation as a condition of the exercise of this right is prohibited, and any other restriction shall be subject to strict scrutiny. ” The Iowa Firearms Coalition (IFC) is asking gun owners to urge their respective lawmakers to support the amendment, as the Iowa constitution currently has no Second Amendment protection clause. IFC said: Other gun owners will try to convince you there’s more important gun legislation to work on but the fact is without a [right to keep and bear arms] provision in the state constitution every single   law in Iowa is in danger of being wiped out by judicial activism or a runaway legislature. Stand Your Ground, Constitutional Carry, your Permit to Carry  —   all   owner legislation requires that citizens have a guaranteed right to keep and bear arms. Right now you, the People of Iowa, are living without this critical protection. KIMT reports that opponents of the amendment worry that it will undercut the state’s ability to impose additional requirements before   citizens can carry guns for  . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
14207,Tenants Thwarted Donald Trump’s Central Park Real Estate Ambitions - The New York Times,"Madelyn Rubinstein moved to New York City from Long Island in 1985 with big dreams of making it as a professional pianist. She had a head start: a very cheap   apartment, recently vacated by her grandmother, on Central Park South. When Ms. Rubinstein took possession of it, her rent was $93. 08 a month  —   the same price that her grandmother had been paying since 1967. Several months later, Ms. Rubinstein came home one evening to find an eviction notice on her door. The building’s new owner, Donald J. Trump, wanted her out. Mr. Trump’s plan was to knock down the building and the one next door, which he also owned, and replace them with a luxury   condominium complex facing Central Park. What he got instead was a New York brawl with a group of tenants fighting to save their homes and clinging with white knuckles to some of the city’s legendary rent deals. The battle played out for years in courtrooms and the New York news media, becoming a kind of parable of the limits of 1980s capitalist ambition in the social democratic city. Looking back on the fight, on the eve of Tuesday’s New York Republican primary, one can see Mr. Trump waging a much different sort of campaign, but with many of the same tactics  —   the threats, the theatrics, the penchant for hyperbole  —   that he has deployed in his quest for the Republican presidential nomination. As far as the tenants are concerned, Mr. Trump lost that contest. “Oh, absolutely, we won,” said Ms. Rubinstein, sitting in the   apartment where she still lives. “He wanted this whole corner to be one big Trump building. ” But Mr. Trump refuses to admit defeat. “A great deal,” he said, without hesitation, when describing 100 Central Park South  —   now known as Trump Parc East  —   during a phone interview last week. “It was a long battle, but it was a successful battle. As usual, I came out on top. ” Mr. Trump paid just $13 million for 100 Central Park South and the building adjoining it, the Barbizon Plaza Hotel, in 1981. At the time, he was 35 and making bold strides to emerge from his father’s shadow. In recent years, he had built the   Trump Tower and overhauled the building near Grand Central Terminal that became the Grand Hyatt New York. This would be a no less audacious project, and on one of the city’s most desirable blocks. To realize his dream, he had to first clear out the residents of the building, a   tower with 80 apartments, some overlooking Central Park, nearly all inhabited by tenants paying well below market rates.   and   apartments occupy a kind of mythic place in New York City history. Rent protections were created to guard families from the whims of landlords and the market they still cover about one million apartments in the city. State laws limit their rent increases and guarantee tenants, and often their children and grandchildren, the right to stay. But in expensive neighborhoods, the deals can become skewed. At 100 Central Park South, for instance, there were   apartments overlooking the park with rents as low as $436 per month. Mr. Trump wanted all of the tenants out. But rather than buying them out, a common tactic, he and the management company he hired tried to get the job done free. So the battle  —   captured in numerous lawsuits, court documents and news media accounts from that time  —   began. Leaks went unfixed, tenants alleged, and broken appliances went unrepaired. Aluminum foil was placed over windows in empty apartments, giving the building a   appearance. (Mr. Trump defended the action as standard procedure for vacant units.) More dramatic were the eviction notices from Mr. Trump’s lawyers, on a variety of grounds. One tenant was told that he had not paid his rent on time. (He presented a canceled check in court to prove that he had.) Others who had done construction on their apartments, with the approval of prior landlords, were told that they had 10 days to restore them to their original conditions. Suzanne Blackmer, a   actress and one of the original Rockettes, was ordered to vacate her   unit, for which she paid $203. 59 a month, because it was not her primary residence, meaning she was not entitled to rent protections. Ms. Blackmer insisted that it was after a legal battle that lasted more than a decade, she prevailed. Mr. Trump made his opponents out to be millionaire plutocrats, “people of great wealth. ” And also whiners. “Let me tell you something about the rich,” he said in one interview in the midst of the battle. “They have a very low threshold for pain. ” Recounting the story later in his memoir “The Art of the Deal,” Mr. Trump acknowledged that he had deliberately tried to drive out tenants, but he said that most of them were exploiting an undeserved government subsidy. He recalled getting rid of a free telephone in the building’s lobby that he claimed tenants were using “to call their friends in Gstaad and St. Moritz. ” Ms. Rubinstein and two other residents from the time said they remembered only a pay phone in the building. And while its roll of renters included a successful fashion designer and an architect, it also included a number of older people living on fixed incomes. As Mr. Trump’s frustration with the tenants grew, he offered the building’s dozen or so empty units as shelters for the homeless, promising free apartments with “beautiful views. ” The city declined, questioning the wisdom of moving people into a building headed for demolition. “I actually thought it was a very generous offer,” Mr. Trump said last week. “I don’t want to see people out on the streets. ” The tenants eventually hired a lawyer, David Rozenholc, to represent them. Now a familiar nemesis to New York City developers  —   last year, he negotiated a $25 million total payout for three clients whom Tishman Speyer was trying to eject from a small apartment building in Hudson Yards  —   Mr. Rozenholc took advantage of a legal flaw in Mr. Trump’s plans to block his application to begin construction. He also sued Mr. Trump, accusing him of harassing Mr. Rozenholc’s clients. The lawsuit claimed, among other things, that the building’s superintendent had been instructed by the management to spy on tenants. Mr. Trump brought his own action against Mr. Rozenholc, a federal racketeering suit that sought $105 million in damages and found its way to The New York Post before it was filed. Mr. Rozenholc said the suit, which was dismissed, was entirely frivolous. But he offered some words for Mr. Trump that were relatively kind, given the men’s contentious history. “He knows how to negotiate, he knows how to use leverage and he’s very perceptive about his opponent’s vulnerabilities,” Mr. Rozenholc said. “It didn’t work against me, but when you deal with Putin and Iran, these could be useful qualities. ” The tenants were waging their own campaign in the news media, casting Mr. Trump as a slumlord and a bully. In 1986, after five years of fighting, Mr. Trump abandoned his plans to knock down the building. The tenants could stay in their apartments, paying their existing rents. Mr. Trump would never realize his vision for the project. But in a sense, his defeat had been a victory, as he claimed. Even as the tenants were refusing to budge, preventing any demolition or construction, the value of the property was soaring along with the rest of New York City’s real estate market in the 1980s. In the late 1990s, Mr. Trump finally converted the building into condominiums, but renters were allowed to remain. Today, some continue to rent   units for under $1, 000 a month, less than a third of what similar apartments cost. Ms. Rubinstein, who was guaranteed   rent for life, chose instead to buy at a steep discount, paying just $150, 000 for an apartment that is now worth at least $700, 000. She is also a member of the condo board, along with one of her more noteworthy neighbors, who lives on the building’s 13th floor: Mr. Trump’s son Eric.",0
14208,Love Him Or Hate Him: Trump Is The Revolution Against The Establishment,"Oct 26, 2016 3:50 PM 0 
Submitted by Claudio Grass via Acting-Man.com, The U.S. Elections: The Latest Crack in the System 
The 2016 U.S. presidential elections are unprecedented: I don’t believe we have ever witnessed before a campaign year so toxic, so dangerously divisive and full of ad hominem attacks. Both camps have vilified the opposition and their followers, creating a schism in society. There has been no rational dialogue on the issues that truly concern the American public. 
The schism 
Instead, we have witnessed personal insults and petty attacks, rumors and gossip. At this point, as a result of this catastrophic campaign, the public will not vote in favor of the candidate they agree with the most or the one they like, but against the one they hate! 
In this article, we do not focus on comparisons between Clinton and Trump; enough has been said and written about the candidates themselves. Here, we look at their supporters – the crowd behind the candidates, those that will in fact shape American policy making in the coming four years. 
Hillary Clinton: The Establishment Remains in Control 
The most important and formidable group within those backing Clinton belong to the upper echelon of society: Wall Street’s movers and shakers, big business, the top of the political pyramid and the servants and profiteers of the public sector. In one word: the establishment. 
Clinton’s support base includes therefore practically everyone who profits from government regulations and government corruption – they have everything to lose if Hillary doesn’t win. It is the same group that advocates and leads the political correctness movement ; they are those state-bred and fed intellectuals who poison the university campus and mass media circus with their belief that they can transform the U.S. into a “utopia”. 
The candidate anointed by the Deep State 
In reality, this “utopia” will be created through intense centralization, endless wars and plundering, only to create a totalitarian government where the political elite enforces its will and instructs the public on how to live a happy life, which only benefits the top strata of society that designed it in the first place. Years ago, Jewish American philosopher Hannah Arendt summarized the toxic impact of political correctness as follows: 
“There is no thought process without freedom. To deprive man of his liberty is to deprive him of his own ideas, and if one is not allowed to think, only subjugation and slavery remain.” 
This can only be achieved through a strong foothold on the centralized state and its propaganda engine, the mass media, operating under the doctrine of Edward Bernays, the father of propaganda, better known as public relations. 
Then there’s the other extreme of Clinton’s supporters: the artificially created underprivileged minorities. These groups have come to depend on the state for support and protection, which has also made it easy for the state to indoctrinate them and reset their mindset to its advantage. 
Those are the people who have fallen in the trap of thinking that only the state can provide them with what they need for a good life, when in reality it only disempowered them. The globalist Clinton herself accuses Trump of “populism”, casting “nationalism” in a negative light, but she is actually the one promising free lunches for everyone: lenient immigration laws, higher minimum wages, universal healthcare, etc. 
Clinton also preaches against income inequality and condemns Wall Street greed in her speeches, while her campaign cashes in from Wall Street’s finest: JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. 
Under those circumstances… what can you possibly do? Ms. Clinton’s top five donors are Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, DLA Piper, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley. Somehow we don’t think Wall Street has reason to fear her much. Trump – the Greatest Politically Incorrect Shock in Decades? 
Whenever people are forced by the government to accept and pay for things they do not want, the outcome is discontent and opposition, typically suppressed and downplayed by the mainstream media in accordance with the state’s agenda of political correctness. This further escalates the situation and things often take unpleasant turns, including the fostering of racist and bigoted subsections that we see within the Trump voting base. 
But they are not the majority, not by long shot! One might get this impression, because the mainstream media tend to focus exclusively on this sub-set of supporters through footage and interviews at Trump rallies, because they are considered “interesting” material; after all, they say outrageously horrible things and are therefore great for TV sensationalism. 
What does Donald Trump stand for? From my perspective, for anything and everything! He stands for everyone who is sick and tired of the current system and the political elite who have grown out of touch with ordinary American citizens. You will find them among the working class, small business owners, and the segment of society that used to be known as the middle class before the crisis; they all harbor grievances against the establishment. 
There have been a few halfhearted attempts to paint Trump as part of the establishment because he is rich and has always hobnobbed with the elite as a result of his social status, but they have generally failed. For one thing, he is not a politician. For another thing, his consistent political incorrectness and the list of his political enemies (which includes many Republican Deep State zombies) has simply made it impossible to lump him with the establishment. 

These are people who understand that the slogan “the Union and the Constitution forever” has been under attack and downgraded to nothing more than an empty phrase by the power elite and the Deep State. We see first hand how the Patriot Act directly violates not only the first amendment’s guarantee of free speech, but also the fourth and fifth amendments, thereby tearing apart the very foundation of a country once based on respect for civil liberties. 
There is no doubt that the second amendment will be crushed under Clinton as well, “regulating to extinction” the natural right to self-defense and personal sovereignty. We must never forget that we are born with inherent rights, that can neither be granted nor taken away from us by the State. As Judge Napolitano once put it: 
“Natural law teaches that our freedoms are pre-political and come from our humanity and not from the government. As our humanity is ultimately divine in origin, the government, even by majority vote, cannot morally take natural rights away from us. 

A natural right is an area of individual human behavior – like thought, speech, worship, travel, self-defense, privacy, ownership and use of property, consensual personal intimacy – immune from government interference and for the exercise of which we don’t need the government’s permission.” 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face to face in the last of three presidential debates under the banner of “The Union And The Constitution Forever” 

Even though polls suggest that Trump is trailing nationally, they probably underestimate exactly how big the Trump wave is, and it is significant: between 74% and 83% of Republicans said they will support him (according to polls conducted between Oct 9 th -11 th ). But there is also the silent majority that has been present at his rallies. This silent majority does not necessarily consist of Trump fans, but they do not want to see the country falling into the abyss of state centralization and political correctness. A sign often seen at Trump rallies these days – which continue to attract lots of people. Only recently, 20,000 deplorables came to see Trump at a rally in Tampa, while Hillary Clinton’s running mate Tim Kaine motivated a grand total of 50 people to come and hear him speak in West Palm Beach (reportedly they weren’t particularly enthusiastic; we don’t know how many of the 50 were from the press). 

They want to discontinue the economic system that has taken them from bad to worse – they are the American version of the European anti-establishment movement. They are well aware of Trump’s coarse character and crude remarks, but feel they can overlook that, for the sake of his main strategic advantage: Trump’s promise that he does not want America to be controlled by the establishment anymore. 
A Tale of Two Hatreds 
“Politics is like sausage being made. It is unsavory, and it always has been that way, but we usually end up where we need to be. But if everybody’s watching… then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.” Hillary Clinton, National Multi-Housing Council, April 2013 
One key reason behind the peoples’ hostility towards Clinton is that she personally embodies the hypocrisy and the hubris of the U.S. federal government itself: a government that maims and kills millions with its war on terror, it arms and supports murderous regimes and ideological fanatics and it is known to deploy chemical, biological and nuclear weapons. And yet, it somehow pretends to hold the moral high ground and lectures others on human rights. 
Just as America is an “exceptional” country, for which normal standards don’t apply, Clinton is its “exceptional” candidate. She accuses her opponent of populism, when her own platform is entirely based on crowd-pleasing promises. 
She calls Trump’s policies fascistic while her own would put the final nail on the coffin of free speech. She claims to stand up for the little guy, while she funds her campaign with Wall Street money. She positions herself as the defender of minorities’ and women’s rights, while her Foundation accepts donations from the most oppressive regimes on the planet. 
Defending the rights of women isn’t cheap, so obviously one can’t be too picky and choosy about one’s donors. 

At the same time, the American electorate also feels hostility for Trump; that hate is not equivalent though, as few would argue he is trying to hide who he is. The reason why so many dislike him is very different, and it has to do with the identity he projects. He is the ultimate “anti-intellectual”. 
Of course the term “intellectual” is quite broad these days, and many intellectuals dislike Trump solely because of what it would say about who they are (in the eyes of their like-minded peers). But these people share a common denominator: they are educated beyond their intelligence and critically depend on repeating what other “intellectual” people say, as they feel (consciously or not) their ignorance would be exposed if they dared to express an original idea. 
Trump’s world, according to a recent NYT cartoon. The statist intelligentsia certainly feels threatened by Trump. 
The Day After: The Legacy of a Bitter Campaign Year 
Unfortunately, whoever wins, the nation will pay a price for this “divide and conquer” rhetoric. Americans today are too polarized and the tensions that are brewing in the background will not just go away the day after the election: racial and social divisions, as well as the split caused by the choice between a planned vs. a free market economy, a big or a small government. 
Under Trump, we can only hope that America will be given time to heal and to overcome these divisions. Free speech is key: Society can only heal if it returns to a culture of debate with a willingness to agree to disagree. 
From what we know from modern American history, we shouldn’t be surprised that the financial markets appear to prefer Hillary over Trump. Wall Street, the bankers and the military industrial complex are expected to continue to thrive under President Clinton. The establishment will live on. Right now the establishment is seemingly pushing for war against Russia and Clinton is undeniably on board with this aggressive narrative. 
And then we have Trump, who is certainly far from perfect. His objectification of women, his comments about Muslims and minorities, his crass demeanor: All these have made it very hard for him to find support for his genuine policy points. Will the “silent majority” be able to actually swing the election for Trump? Although the mainstream media seem to be of one mind regarding the election outcome, we certainly wouldn’t rule it out. If ever there was a candidate provoking the “Bradley effect” in polls, it is surely Trump. Moreover, thanks to Wikileaks it is by now public knowledge that the polls are indeed rigged . Readers may recall that we have expressed doubts about the accuracy of poll sampling methods already some time ago. 

Even if the actual net effect of his policies were to benefit women, he won’t get them on his side by calling them pigs – there is a difference between free speech and just being plain rude, uncivil and vulgar. We may disagree with his infamous “wall” with Mexico and demands for “a new budget to rebuild our depleted military” (which makes him no different from Clinton). But he is an outsider, a businessman, and most importantly, a crack in system! 
He challenges the status quo, and that’s why the status quo attacks him, by trying to ridicule both him and his voters, by painting them as extremists, or as ignorant and racist. The question is, why don’t we just let Trump be Trump? 
As he himself said: “It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to!” . Consider the boldness of this statement – regardless of whether one agrees with him, he stands confidently for his principles and ideas, even against his own party’s leaders (many of which have withdrawn their support). This is a clear projection of power and independence; it says that no one can dictate their demands to him. It says that he is unafraid to speak his mind. 
I say, we should trust his followers. It seems clear that most Trump voters are striving to defend the essence of the constitution and its original intent – to be the basis of a free society. And for me as a believer in civil rights and sovereignty, this is enough to give him or let me rather say, his voters, the benefit of the doubt.",0
14209,The United States Is Pre-Positioning “Enemy Assets” In Preparation For A Rigged Election,"The United States Is Pre-Positioning “Enemy Assets” In Preparation For A Rigged Election Posted on Tweet   The United States Is Pre-Positioning “Enemy Assets” In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not. 

From Jeremiah Johnson, SHTFPlan : 
There are a number of excellent pieces circulating that hypothesize on what will happen before, during, and after the election. Mike Adams of Natural News and Dave Hodges of The Common Sense Show have both dug deeply, examining the overall situation with outstanding insights as to the possibilities. Mike’s piece listed the scenarios that can happen regarding either outcome, and government actions that can be triggered by the result. Dave’s videos and telephone conversations expose the fact that the government is indeed preparing to have plans ready and in place with drills and exercises that can turn into an actual operation immediately. 
You can watch Dave Hodge’s full report with Paul Martin below: 
That being mentioned, an article came out the other day written by Deb Riechmann of the Associated Press, October 26 entitled US Official: Russia Might Shoot Down US Aircraft in Syria . The article highlights dialogue from a Charlie Rose interview via CBS at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York that was conducted with National Intelligence Director James Clapper . The answers that Clapper gave to the questions gives two “insights” into the Obama administration’s mindset. This comment came regarding the potential for the US and Russia engaging one another militarily: 
“I wouldn’t put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that [it] was threatening to their forces on the ground. Russia has deployed a very advanced and capable air defense system in Syria and would not have done that if it [Russia] wouldn’t use it.” 
James Clapper 
Then Clapper was questioned about North Korea, and he had this to say: 
“…the U.S. policy of trying to persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons is probably futile. Perhaps the only thing the U.S. could get would be limitations on North Korea’s nuclear capabilities. I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause. They are under siege and they are very paranoid, so the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a nonstarter with them.” 
All of this sounds very lackadaisical, coming from the Director of National Intelligence. That is because it is: Obama is pursuing a laissez-faire policy regarding “threats,” either from Russia or North Korea. The reason? He created them to use later. Clapper’s next responses are very interesting regarding the questions of whether or not Russia has been tampering with the election process and the recent threat by Vice President Joe Biden that the U.S. will respond to the (alleged) tampering with a Cyberattack designed “to embarrass and humiliate” the Kremlin. Here is an excerpt of that interview: 
“Clapper also was asked about the Obama administration’s claim that recent hacking of political sites was orchestrated by top Russian officials. The U.S. response might not come in the form of a reciprocal cyberattack on Russia, Clapper said. 
Pressed on the subject, Rose, the interviewer, noted that there is a sense that the Russians were not paying any price for the hacking. 
“Maybe not yet,” Clapper replied. 
“Maybe after the election?” Rose asked. 
“I’m not going to pre-empt,” Clapper said.” 
There we have it, in the absence of verbal commitment, no matter how nebulous the answer may seem. Just because it is nebulous, however, does not belie the nefarious nature of the answer, and it is obvious: The Obama administration is setting the Russians up for the time of the election to blame any deviance or hacks on them. 
It is no secret that election fraud is being committed now, even with the early voting that is occurring in several states. The Cyberattacks conducted on Friday, October 21st were a Beta-test for what is to come: full-blown election fraud and an attack on the infrastructure of the U.S. , to be blamed on Russia or North Korea and used as justification to either suspend the elections or declare them null and void. 
On October 25 , an article was released entitled DMV Computer Outage Raises Fear of Election-Day Cyber Attacks , as presented on losangeles.cbslocal.com . Apparently 100 DMV offices in California had a gigantic computer malfunction that was not attributed to hacking. The article interviewed a USC professor who had the following to say: 
“Election day may be a different story. Government computer systems are vulnerable to cyber attacks. I think there will certainly be some sort of cyber security issue in some location.” 
Clifford Neuman, Director, USC Center for Computer Systems Security 
From a standpoint of greater simplicity, the government can simply collapse the power grid, and this can be blamed on an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) weapon from North Korea or Russia. If this is not done, the government can use the Soros-provided voting machines and other nefarious measures (such as dead people’s names being used to vote, illegal aliens casting a ballot, or people voting in numerous states, to name a few) to steal the votes. Then blame can be shifted to the Russians. 
Keep in mind that the Cyberattack on October 21 was found to “not be done by a government’s actions through state actors,” as the Mainstream media termed it. How true. Not one concrete shred of justification that Russia has been conducting any Cyberattacks has been provided. Certainly the Russian government has taken the time to investigate the source of the hacking on the U.S. systems. They will certainly monitor the elections in some manner to protect themselves from any accusations of hacking and prove they do not hold any culpability when the Democrats skew the numbers of the election and steal it themselves. 
This is why the federal government has warned Russia that simply to monitor the elections may warrant criminal charges being brought against the Russian government. 
But it’s OK to have UN election monitors, which in itself is a violation of the 10 th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, right? 
The law doesn’t apply to the Democrats; the law only matters as long as they can inflict it upon you. Soros just came out recently and cursed democracy in general: though toad like in appearance and mannerisms, this communist foreigner is responsible for the collapse and/or debilitation of almost a dozen governments. In a previous article we covered how the voting machines in the early voting in Illinois did not register the original choice of the voter and “chose” the Democratic candidates. This was labeled as a “calibration error,” so simply and innocently. The communists masquerading as Democrats know the truth of the matter, that it is those who count the votes and not the voters who decide the elections. 
In summary, the U.S. is pre-positioning its “enemy-assets” to blame – on what the administration does – for a collapsed election labeled as “rigged” or the suspension of the election for any number of reasons, real or illusory, such as a genuine attack the U.S. provokes or an attack the U.S. carries out on itself . 
Civil unrest and/or war are the escape hatches to bail out of the Constitution and to take control of the country…not letting either crisis go to waste. With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
14210,"Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty of conspiracy, firearm charges","Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty of conspiracy,... Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty of conspiracy, firearm charges By 0 39 
Seven people involved in the anti-federal government occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge have been found not guilty of conspiring to impede federal workers from doing their jobs, including Ammon and Ryan Bundy. 
A jury found all seven remaining occupiers not-guilty of all charges except for one charge that has yet to be disclosed, KBOI reported . 
Ryan and Ammon Bundy, leaders of the six-week-long standoff in Oregon, along with several other members were also found not guilty of possessing a firearm in a federal facility. Posted by John Lamb on Thursday, October 27, 2016 
A live video from the Bundy Ranch’s Facebook showed some supporters claiming that Ammon Bundy’s attorney Marcus Mumford was tased in court by federal marshals. KATU reported that Mumford was in US Marshal custody after being allegedly tackled for yelling that Bundy was free to go following the announcement of the verdict. 
The Bundy brothers have yet to be released due to a federal hold over their standoff in Bunkerville, Nevada. Mumford’s insistence that they were to be released in Oregon is what led to the fight between him and federal marshals, according to KATU. 
“None of their conduct was directed at employees,” one defendant’s lawyer explained to KATU. He reiterated that there were no employees at the Malheur Reserve during the occupation and no threats were made towards employees. 
Defendant Neil Wampler told KATU, “the verdict came back a clean sweep for all of us.” 
“This shows the absolute folly that has been committed by the federal government,” he said and called the trial “political prosecution.” 
Wampler added that he had been worried about the results, but said “the government boys were so mismanaged and so incompetent” that the jury was offered no incriminating evidence. 
Wampler said his next steps would be to support the Bundy brothers in Nevada, but in the meantime he’d like to “go home, see my son, walk around my town, walk my dog.” BREAKING: Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty for conspiracy and firearms charge, per OPB. 
— KATU News (@KATUNews) October 27, 2016 Jury finds 7 Malheur occupiers not guilty of conspiring to impede federal workers from doing their jobs at refuge. #OregonStandoff 
— Hannah Button (@hbuttonnews) October 27, 2016 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
14211,Elite Turn On Hillary Campaign: Only the Deep State Could Be So Precise,"Home » Headlines » World News » Elite Turn On Hillary Campaign: Only the Deep State Could Be So Precise 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 

From Charles Hugh Smit h: 
The Deep State’s most prescient elements must derail Hillary’s campaign to clear a path to Trump’s executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: “These blast points on Hillary’s campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.” 
The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a “lose-lose” situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic). 
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of “intervening in an election,” i.e. raising doubts about Hillary’s judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls. 
Another narrative has Comey’s hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election. 
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability . 
The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project. 
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed. 
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation’s security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose. 
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line. 
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure . To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs. 
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary’s judgement is hopelessly flawed. 
Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State’s most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump’s executive team. 
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump’s executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach. 
If you think this scenario is “impossible,” let’s see how the election plays out before deciding what’s “impossible” and what’s inevitable. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
14212,Putin: Russia Is Not Going To Attack Anyone,"Complaining about Western “hysteria” surrounding repeated predictions of Russian military attacks on NATO member nations, Russian President Vladimir Putin sought to resolve two solid years of predictions to that effect with a straightforward assurance that “Russia is not going to attack anyone.” 
Via AntiMedia 

Putin accused Western nations of having “mythical, dreamt-up problems,” and insisted the idea that Russia was going to attack the West was “simply stupid and unrealistic.” He added that he believes the idea is being played up to justify bigger military spending.
The Russian president also sought to dismiss allegations that he is plotting to rig the US elections to his own benefit, noting that the US is a great power and not some banana republic with an easily manipulated political system. Russia has repeatedly denied involvement in such plots.
NATO has played up the Russian threat to justify sending over 40,000 ground troops to the Russian border, with ever-growing numbers announced all the time. Such predictions started after the ouster of a pro-Russian government in Ukraine led to a civil war in that country’s east, with NATO military leaders repeatedly predicting Russian tanks rolling across Ukraine into NATO countries.
",0
14213,"After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer - The New York Times","On an October day, Anne Davis, 76, wheeled into her Midtown Manhattan cubicle wearing a bright red coat, with her   hair cut short, and took a turn at a sharp angle to reach her desk. Ms. Davis has not walked in 30 years, about a decade after she was told she had multiple sclerosis. And then in 2003, Ms. Davis, a former lawyer for CBS, learned she had invasive cancer. And so her weeks filled with chemotherapy and physical therapy appointments, in addition to her work in a second career  —   this time as a volunteer financial counselor. On this day, she prepared for a hectic afternoon, reviewing scheduled appointments with clients over the next month. As a Financial Coaching Corps volunteer, Ms. Davis is among 2, 500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, sponsored by Community Service Society, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. R. S. V. P. matches volunteers  —   often retirees, and all of whom are at least 55 years old  —   with more than 350 nonprofits across New York City. It also has several signature programs, including the Financial Coaching Corps and a mentoring program for children who have a parent in prison. Founded in 2007, the Financial Coaching Corps has 34 volunteers who, in the past five years, have advised almost 4, 000 New Yorkers on their finances, helping them hone their money management skills. The goal is to give them control over their personal finances and allow them to work toward economic security. And for the past decade, despite health scares and cancer treatments, Ms. Davis has spent every Friday working with people in dire financial straits. Her desk is neat, with a rack of organized colored folders, each with its own label: “Dispute Letters,” “Credit Report Requests” and “Budget Forms. ” She has helped clients with debt management, improving their credit scores, and those recovering from identity theft. Along the way, she has forged relationships with the people she has helped. In August 2013, a retired woman with $10, 000 in arrears and credit card debt came to Ms. Davis for guidance. Over two years, Ms. Davis helped her pay off her debt. She also suggested that the woman sell her   apartment and downsize to a   apartment in the same building. The move provided her with a $50, 000 savings nest egg and some financial security. They still meet  —   not to discuss finances, but for lunch and afternoons spent at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. And the first client to sit at her desk, in spring 2007, still visits often, Ms. Davis said. The former client, who is legally blind and lives in public housing, receives Social Security and insists that she still needs Ms. Davis’s financial expertise. “But, really, we just chat,” Ms. Davis said with a smile. For Ms. Davis, who also takes French lessons and volunteers her legal services at the New York City chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, her work with the Financial Coaching Corps is more than having something to do on Fridays. “The most rewarding part is knowing that you really helped get someone on the right path,” she said. That same motivation pushed Gloria Perez to start volunteering shortly after she retired. She worked for more than 30 years with the city’s Human Resources Administration, helping people in need of public assistance. “And then my husband died, and I retired, and I wondered what in the world I was going to do with my life,” Ms. Perez said. That was in 1995, and the answer came later that year in the form of an advertisement. Another program through R. S. V. P. the Advocacy, Counseling and Entitlement Services Project, needed volunteers to work alongside the agency where she had dedicated her entire career. “When I saw it,” she recalled, “I thought, ‘This is what I’ve been doing all along, so I ought to be able to manage this, too. ’” Founded in 1984, the ACES Project trains volunteers to work as benefit counselors in   neighborhoods. It has served more than 28, 000 people in the past five years, helping those eligible to sign up for public benefits. Volunteers like Ms. Perez check whether people qualify for benefits, assist them in the application process and make referrals. More than two decades after joining the program, Ms. Perez, 84, still volunteers for six hours every Wednesday at Queens Hospital Center, in Jamaica. She sets up a table in the lobby for people to inquire about possible benefits. Many people approach her table to ask how to receive food stamps. Many others simply are not aware of the programs they qualify for, Ms. Perez said. Signing up for public benefits can involve a lot of red tape and a lot of waiting. But using her insider’s understanding of the system, she said, she once got someone placed in public housing through the city’s Department for the Aging within two weeks. The new tenant returned to the hospital to thank Ms. Perez for her help. Another woman received cash assistance the same day she turned in her application. “This has become my second career,” Ms. Perez said with a laugh, adding that she had no intention of retiring again anytime soon.",0
14214,Comment on Inequality As Policy: Selective Trade Protectionism Favors Higher Earners by RickM,"By Dean Baker, the co-founder of CEPR. Originally published at the Institute for New Economic Thinking website 
Globalization and technology are routinely cited as drivers of inequality over the last four decades. While the relative importance of these causes is disputed, both are often viewed as natural and inevitable products of the working of the economy, rather than as the outcomes of deliberate policy. In fact, both the course of globalization and the distribution of rewards from technological innovation are very much the result of policy. Insofar as they have led to greater inequality, this has been the result of conscious policy choices. 
Starting with globalization, there was nothing pre-determined about a pattern of trade liberalization that put U.S. manufacturing workers in direct competition with their much lower paid counterparts in the developing world. Instead, that competition was the result of trade pacts written to make it as easy as possible for U.S. corporations to invest in the developing world to take advantage of lower labor costs, and then ship their products back to the United States. The predicted and actual result of this pattern of trade has been to lower wages for manufacturing workers and non-college educated workers more generally, as displaced manufacturing workers crowd into other sectors of the economy. 
Instead of only putting manufacturing workers into competition with lower-paid workers in other countries, our trade deals could have been crafted to subject doctors, dentists, lawyers and other highly-paid professionals to international competition. As it stands, almost nothing has been done to remove the protectionist barriers that allow highly-educated professionals in the United States to earn far more than their counterparts in other wealthy countries. 
This is clearest in the case of doctors. For the most part, it is impossible for foreign-trained physicians to practice in the United States unless they have completed a residency program in the United States. The number of residency slots, in turn, is strictly limited, as is the number of slots open for foreign medical students. While this is a quite blatantly protectionist restriction, it has persisted largely unquestioned through a long process of trade liberalization that has radically reduced or eliminated most of the barriers on trade in goods. The result is that doctors in the United States earn an average of more than $250,000 a year, more than twice as much as their counterparts in other wealthy countries. This costs the country roughly $100 billion a year in higher medical bills compared to a situation in which U.S. doctors received the same pay as doctors elsewhere. Economists, including trade economists, have largely chosen to ignore the barriers that sustain high professional pay at enormous economic cost. 
In addition to the items subject to trade, the overall trade balance is also very much the result of policy choices. The textbook theory has capital flowing from rich countries to poor countries, which means that rich countries run trade surpluses with poor countries. While this accurately described the pattern of trade in the 1990s up until the East Asian financial crisis (a period in which the countries of the region enjoyed very rapid growth), in the last two decades developing countries taken as a whole have been running large trade surpluses with wealthy countries. 
This implies large trade deficits in rich countries, especially the United States, which in turn has meant a further loss of manufacturing jobs with the resulting negative impact on wage inequality. However, there was nothing inevitable about the policy shifts associated with the bailout from the East Asian financial crisis that led the developing world to become a net exporter of capital. 
The pattern of gains from technology has been even more directly determined by policy than is the case with gains from trade. There has been a considerable strengthening and lengthening of patent and copyright and related protections over the last four decades. The laws have been changed to extend patents to new areas such as life forms, business methods, and software. Copyright duration has been extended from 55 years to 95 years. Perhaps even more important, the laws have become much more friendly to holders of these property claims to tilt legal proceedings in their favor, with courts becoming more patent-friendly and penalties for violations becoming harsher. And, the United States has placed stronger intellectual property (IP) rules at center of every trade agreement negotiated in the last quarter century. 
In this context, it would hardly be surprising if the development of “technology” was causing an upward redistribution of income. The people in a position to profit from stronger IP rules are almost exclusively the highly educated and those at the top end of the income distribution. It is almost definitional that stronger IP rules will result in an upward redistribution of income. 
This upward redistribution could be justified if stronger IP rules led to more rapid productivity growth, thereby benefitting the economy as a whole. However, there is very little evidence to support that claim. Michele Boldrin and David Levine have done considerable research on this topic and generally found the opposite. My own work, using cross-country regressions with standard measures of patent strength, generally found a negative and often significant relationship between patent strength and productivity growth. 
There is also a substantial amount of money at stake. In the case of prescription drugs alone, the United States is on path to spend more than $430 billion in 2016 for drugs that would likely cost one-tenth of this amount in the absence of patent and related protections. While we do need mechanisms for financing innovation and creative work, it is almost certainly the case that patent and copyright monopolies as currently structured are not the most efficient route, even if their negative consequences for distribution are quite evident. 
The structuring of trade and rules on IP are two important ways in which policy has been designed to redistribute income upward over the last four decades. There are many other ways in which the market has been structured to disadvantage those at the middle and bottom of the income distribution, perhaps most notably macroeconomic policies that result in high unemployment. While tax and transfer policies that reduce poverty and inequality may be desirable, we should also be aware of the ways in which policy has been designed to increase inequality. It is much easier to have an economic system that produces more equality rather than one that needlessly generates inequality, which we then try to address with redistributive policies. 0 2 0 0 0 0",0
14215,"Painted as EpiPen Villain, Mylan’s Chief Says She’s No Such Thing - The New York Times","America has a new pharmaceutical villain. Her name is Heather Bresch. As the chief executive of Mylan, the owner of the severe allergy treatment EpiPen, Ms. Bresch is at the center of the latest public outrage over high drug prices, excoriated for overseeing a fourfold price increase on EpiPen while taking a huge pay raise. From talk shows to Twitter, her name is being mentioned alongside Martin Shkreli, the   Pharma Bro who ignited anger last fall over raising the price of the drug Daraprim, and J. Michael Pearson, the onetime McKinsey consultant who took over Valeant Pharmaceuticals International and sharply raised prices on lifesaving drugs. But Mr. Shkreli and Mr. Pearson were outliers trying to upend the industry. At one point, the pharmaceutical industry’s main lobbying group disavowed them. Not so with Ms. Bresch. In many ways, she is an ultimate insider. Her father is a United States senator. She runs one of the largest generic drug companies in the world. She also oversees the Generic Pharmaceutical Association  —   the generic industry’s lobbying group. Now the question is whether her different position will give her a different result. Both Mr. Shkreli and Mr. Pearson were forced out of their companies. Already, Ms. Bresch, 47, has moved more quickly than they did to quell public furor over prices. On Thursday, she announced that the company was increasing financial assistance to patients to reduce their    costs. But the company did not say it would lower the list price  —   which has risen to about $600 for a pack of two EpiPens, from about $100 when Mylan acquired the product in 2007. In an interview, Ms. Bresch said the price increases on EpiPen weren’t even in the “same hemisphere” as what Mr. Shkreli did when he raised the price of Daraprim by 50 times overnight. Over the years, her brash leadership style has bruised egos but also, some say, improved access to drugs and raised quality standards. Her company, Mylan, also has a reputation for   tactics that have angered competitors and investors alike. “I think we mean what we say: You can do good and do well, and I think we strike that balance around the globe,” Ms. Bresch said. Still, she was unapologetic that Mylan’s actions were driven by profit. “I am running a business. I am a   business. I am not hiding from that. ” How the company, and Ms. Bresch, strikes that balance seems to be quickly changing. Generic drug companies once dealt almost exclusively in making cheap copies of pills and railed passionately against the anticompetitive tactics of   competitors. Now, through a series of acquisitions and mergers, the handful of large generic companies that are left are increasingly investing in expensive   drugs, and in doing so, are embracing many of the tactics they once scorned. “It’s like talking out of both sides of your mouth,” said Dinesh Thakur, an advocate for generic drug quality. “To me, I think, it’s opportunistic. ” In the interview, Ms. Bresch said the company’s latest actions would do the most to help patients where it mattered, by reducing their    costs. And she said that the $600 list price was necessary for the company to recoup its investment in the EpiPen, which includes raising awareness for severe allergic reaction and making improvements to the way the product works. But she also sought to shift blame away from Mylan, saying that patients are feeling the pain in part because insurers have increased the amount that customers must pay in recent years. “What else do you shop for that when you walk up to the counter, you have no idea what it’s going to cost you?” she said. “Tell me where that happens anywhere else in the system. It’s unconscionable. ” To some, the company’s response seemed to ring hollow. “It’s a real challenge to understand how a management team sits around a board table and makes a decision to raise the price of a lifesaving medication over and over and over, and when the P. R. storm hits, decides to blame someone else for that price increase,” said David Maris, an analyst for Wells Fargo. He had warned investors in June that Mylan’s price increases on EpiPen and other drugs could soon draw unwanted media scrutiny. The company is not a stranger to controversy. Robert J. Coury, Mylan’s chairman who served as chief executive until 2011, came under scrutiny in 2012 for using the company’s corporate jet to travel to his son’s music concerts. And last year, The Wall Street Journal reported that one of the board members had undisclosed ties to the land where the company built its new Pittsburgh offices. Ms. Bresch has also weathered her share of controversy, like when it was discovered that West Virginia University awarded her a business degree 10 years after she had attended the school, even though she had completed only about half of the coursework. A report by the university later concluded that officials wrongly awarded her the degree because she was the daughter of the   Joe Manchin, now a Democratic senator representing West Virginia. Mr. Manchin and Ms. Bresch have said they did nothing wrong. The company also angered shareholders when it switched its headquarters to the Netherlands, and then used a   provision in Dutch law to block a takeover by the pharmaceutical giant Teva, which many investors had favored. The move to the Netherlands in 2014, called an inversion, also reduced the company’s tax rate. Mylan is one of a string of pharmaceutical companies that have done inversions in recent years, prompting outcry in Washington and calls to limit the practice. Ms. Bresch’s rising salary has also fueled anger over the EpiPen price increase. Since 2007, when EpiPen was acquired and she was the company’s chief operating officer, she earned about $2. 5 million in total compensation. In 2015, her compensation was nearly $19 million. Mylan’s board has said in company filings that it believes her pay is justified because she has contributed significantly to the company’s growth in recent years. Ms. Bresch, who has worked at Mylan for 25 years, said her West Virginia upbringing had informed her approach to serving as chief executive. “There is a work ethic and grit about that that allows me to help make a difference,” she said. Some of the chafing at her style, she said, is because people are resistant to change. Her top accomplishments, she said, include getting a federal law passed that required more inspections of overseas drug manufacturers, and improving access to AIDS drugs for patients overseas. “To make change happen, to make a difference, mediocrity doesn’t get you there,” she said. Even as they have ruffled feathers within the industry, Ms. Bresch and Mylan have earned measured praise from consumer advocates, who said she wielded her influence in ways that helped consumers. James Love, director of the consumers group Knowledge Ecology International, said Ms. Bresch opened doors at the Office of the United States Trade Representative when his group and others were working to change provisions in the proposed   Partnership that they said would have limited access to drugs by people overseas. Mylan, as a seller of generic drugs, shared their interest, he said. “They came in with some very talented people in the negotiations, and they knew what was going on politically,” Mr. Love said. Still, he said, he opposes their position on the EpiPen and said his group was composing a letter of complaint to the Federal Trade Commission. “I’m appalled at the price increase,” he said. “I don’t want to sugarcoat that. ”",0
14216,Non-mainstream poll shows Trump poised to win with 76% chance,"Non-mainstream poll shows Trump poised to win with 76% chance Alternative media poll shows Trump leaving Clinton in the dust November 6, 2016 Momma Loves The Donald/Flickr ( INTELLIHUB ) — An independent, non-mainstream poll shows Trump is favored to win the presidential election against Hillary 76 — 24, which is quite the contrast to so-called mainline polling data. 
An open poll taken by Intellihub News via Twitter shows Hillary with 24%, compared to Trumps 76%, at the time this article was published. Who will win the #election2016 and become our next President? 
— Intellihub (@intellihubnews) November 6, 2016 
Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal has reported that Hillary “holds a 4-point lead over Donald Trump.” 
There are still some 16 hours left on the poll until it expires, so cast your vote now. ©2016. INTELLLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.",0
14217,6 Reasons Why You’re Not Happy,"  6 Reasons Why You’re Not Happy 6 Reasons Why You’re Not Happy 
Corey is an aspiring iconoclast. He believes that the key to life is for men to honour their primal nature. 
Learn more about his views at theprimalmale.com You can also follow him on Twitter . November 7, 2016 Mind 
Happiness: it’s what we all want as human beings no matter the differences in where we seek them. We are motivated to do things to be happy and we avoid things that may detract from it. Even those who claim that they don’t care about happiness or that they’re living for a higher purpose is doing what they do because it makes them happy. In that way, happiness is beyond a state of feeling; it is a state of being. 
Now, although you don’t want to be obsessive about happiness and make your life revolve around attaining it, there are few things you can do to live a more fulfilling life and improve the quality of your being. And as it’s often the case with self-improvement, I believe that addressing the bad habits will lead to a healthier life than trying to gain the positives. 
Here are some ways you may be sabotaging your own happiness. 1. You are chasing it “I’ll be happy once I finally…” 
The more you chase happiness, the less you have of it. And not only are people today chasing happiness, they’re chasing all the wrong things in hopes that it will bring them everlasting joy. Money, women, and status may elevate your life, but they can’t be the source of happiness alone. They will especially fail as being compensation for some void in your life that you’re trying to fill. 
Also, know that your mood will naturally fluctuate over time. Constantly obsessing over how you feel and getting stressed over your emotional state will not help you. So, rather than jumping from one thing to another in hopes that it will boost your mood or dull your pain, focus on things that matter to you. It’s far better to work on self-improvement and enhancing the overall quality of your life than be wavered by feelings. 2. You don’t have the basics taken care of Good sleep is extremely underrated in our busy society. It affects your mood, testosterone level, mental capacity, and more. Prioritize sleep as much as you do with healthy diet and working out. 
It’s often the basics that are overlooked. Ask yourself: Are you sleeping well (it’s harder to tell than you think)? Are you eating healthy? Are you keeping yourself fit? Are you getting enough sunlight? Do you ever take the time to connect with nature? Do you have a stable life? Do you have a purpose or a meaning? I doubt most people have all of these basic needs checked off. But I’m willing to bet that an improvement in even one area will significantly improve a person’s mood and well being. 3. You concern yourself with things you can’t control “No! Something bad is happening in the world and I can’t do jack shit about it! Time to complain about it on the internet.” 
The more you sweat over issues which you can take no practical action over, the more helpless you feel and the more unhappy you will be. Of course, being able to tell the difference between what you can control and what you can’t is an art in itself that you need to master through experience. One thing I’m personally doing to lower stress is to reduce my news consumption and be less concerned with events around the world that are irrelevant to my personal life. I’ll read enough to get a general awareness of what’s happening around the world, but I refuse to be emotionally invested in things I have no control over. 4. You lack intimacy and deep human connection If you don’t have any friends to be vulnerable with, you didn’t have any to begin with. 
I would argue that this is one of the biggest, if not the biggest factor in causing anxiety, depression, and general unhappiness in the modern world. Humans are social creatures and we need to bond with others. And beyond simply spending time with people to chat and drink, deeper connection needs to be made with people. The quality matters much more than the quantity. 
In today’s society—especially in North America—it seems people have all become superficial and afraid of intimacy whether it be for friendship or romance. Without opening up your true self due to the fear of being rejected or ridiculed, all the relationships you have with others will not be genuine and it will not be fulfilling. 5. You are not living in the present reality You may be conscious, but are you aware? 
If you live in the past or the future, you lose touch with the present reality. That disconnection will cause longing which can only lead to dissatisfaction and loss of joy. 
The lure of nostalgia and daydreaming of a better life or an improved world is actually quite insidious because of how intoxicating it is. When your mind drifts to imagining a pleasurable experience or a more exciting life, you are tricked into thinking that the longing is happiness itself, sort of like how mirages work. On the contrary, studies have actually shown that you are actually happier (and more productive) when you focus on what you’re doing right now even if the task is boring. So, stick to the reality and forget about your fantasies. Either make things happen or accept that you’re just wasting your time and energy on wishful thinking. 6. You engage in junk activities “I’m happy, I’m happy, I’m happy…” 
Just as there are junk foods, there are junk activities that may feel pleasurable at the time but dissatisfying and even harmful in the long-run. 
Ask yourself: do you really need entertainment? I’ve squandered my youth by immersing myself in long hours of digital entertainment day after day. I barely even noticed that I was unhappy the whole time because I was so sedated. And what did I even get out of them? Those were several hours everyday that I could have spent reading, working out, learning new skills, meeting new people, and experiencing the world. 
The fact is, giving up on entertainment has no negative impact on your level of happiness. Sure, you might miss them when they’re suddenly gone, but overall, as long as you find more valuable things to do, your life can only get better when you ditch them. Learn to enjoy things that give you value rather than seeking enjoyment in things without value. Conclusion 
Unlike what many people today say, no one deserves happiness; that’s something you’ll have to earn. I’ll go as far as to say that “happiness”—as defined by modern standards—isn’t even necessary and hard to come by for certain individuals. Everyone has their own path towards living life to his unique potential and there is no universal rule that applies to all. So while I haven’t really listed anything specific for the reader to strive towards, I hope I laid out some pitfalls that you can avoid in your journey. Nov 7, 2016 Corey Savage",0
14218,Stevie Wonder Disses Trump: Voting For Him Is Like Asking Me To Drive,"In less than a day, the American populace will cast their votes for the next Commander-in-Chief. While many are anxiously awaiting the results of the 2016 U.S. Presidential election, it’s accurate to... ",0
14219,Fighting Ghost Fascists While Aiding Real Ones,"By BAR executive editor Glen Ford A n architect of regime-change, coups, no-fly zones, rule of the rich and mass incarceration is about to become Commander-in-Chief, yet the bulk of what passes for the Left is “engaged in a 1930s-style ‘united front’ against a ‘fascism’ that was never a threat in 21st century America.” Donald Trump, the orange menace, didn’t have a chance of becoming president. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is a 21st century fascist and threat to life on Earth. “Trump’s anti-“free trade” stance and opposition to regime change and military confrontation with Russia and China drove most of the Republican-allied section of the ruling class straight into Hillary Clinton’s imperial Big Tent.” Hillary Clinton’s impending — and totally predictable — landslide victory on November 8 will prove only that there never was any danger of a “fascist” white nationalist takeover of the U.S. executive branch of government in 2016. That was always a red (or “orange”) herring, a phony “barbarians at the gate” threat that — as Wikileaks documents [3] confirmed — John Podesta and Hillary’s other handlers fervently hoped would convey “lesser evil” status to their manifestly unpopular candidate. There was nothing particularly devious or out of the ordinary in the Hillary camp’s favoring Donald Trump or, alternatively, Ted Cruz. It is standard Democratic Party practice to position themselves just to the left of the Republicans. In a duopoly electoral system, victory lies in where the cake is cut. By hugging close to the GOP’s flanks, national Democratic candidates can lay claim to a “center-left” spectrum of political space that encompasses a clear majority of U.S. public opinion on most issues. By this calculus, Democrats are supposed to win, unless they are tripped up on the closely related issues of race (failure to “stand up” to the Blacks) and foreign policy (failure to “stand up” to whoever is the designated foreign enemy). There was nothing particularly devious or out of the ordinary in the Hillary camp’s favoring Donald Trump or, alternatively, Ted Cruz. It is standard Democratic Party practice to position themselves just to the left of the Republicans. In a duopoly electoral system, victory lies in where the cake is cut. Race is the trickiest part of the equation, since white supremacy is embedded in the American political conversation, hiding just beneath the surface of most discourse on social and economic policy. “His overt racism probably weakened his appeal to whites.” Trump thought he could win by combining an overt white racist appeal with an anti-corporate message that laid the blame on Wall Street for (white) American job losses and falling living standards. He also calculated — correctly, it turns out — that in the wake of the 2008 economic meltdown, many white Americans were more upset about their own economic and social status than they were angry at Russians; that they wanted regime change at home more than abroad. Both of Trump’s central policies backfired, dooming his campaign. His overt racism probably weakened his appeal to whites, who have given majorities to national Republicans since 1968 but whose self-image is that they are not, as individuals, racist. (Certainly, white women found further reason to reject his candidacy.) Much more spectacularly, Trump’s anti-“free trade” stance and opposition to regime change and military confrontation with Russia and China drove most of the Republican-allied section of the ruling class straight into Hillary Clinton’s imperial Big Tent. At the national level, the duopoly system, as we had known it, virtually ceased to exist – a fact dramatically driven home by the near-universal corporate media rejection of Donald Trump, the candidacy they had done so much to create. The near-collapse of the duopoly system was the great fracture of the 2016 election, a potential historic opening to a far wider space of progressive political struggle, including on the moribund electoral level. With the ruling class gathered in one Big Tent, and the overt racists occupying the imploded shell of the GOP, the system itself was in disarray. What was once two vibrant parties of the ruling class, with a virtual monopoly on the totality of the electorate, had become one ruling class party plus a hollowed-out husk, at least temporarily occupied by white nationalists under the leadership of a narcissistic and incoherent billionaire, yet without enough funds to mount a competitive general election campaign. “The near-collapse of the duopoly system was the great fracture of the 2016 election.” I n these pages, we had been saying since last year that Donald Trump could not win; that Bernie Sanders’ fate would be sealed in the southern primaries; and that, although ruling class money would insure Clinton an election by landslide, it could not buy her legitimacy among a significant section of the Democratic “base,” who would now be pushed to the latrine area of her Big Tent. As we wrote on May 18 [4] of this year: “Outsized fear of Trump is hysteria. These days, the ‘brown shirts’ wear blue. Hillary is the candidate of Wall Street, War and Austerity – not Trump, the racist America Firster. And, he can’t win, anyway – not with tens of millions of ‘moderate’ Republicans and most of the party’s funders rushing into Hillary’s welcoming embrace.” But sadly, hysteria does reign in most of the “left” precincts of America. Those who did not hesitate to kick Hillary when she appeared to be “down” — in those heady days when they imagined it was possible she could lose to Sanders — are terrified to kick her when she is “up” and primed to take the helm of the hyper-power. They are engaged in a 1930s-style “united front” against a “fascism” that was never a threat in 21 st century America, where a different kind of dictatorship of the rich (but also a fascism) has made brown-shirts (and Klansmen) utterly superfluous. These trembling leftists refuse to oppose the modern manifestation of fascism, which is now firmly entrenched in power with Hillary as its champion, in favor of a crusade against an “orange” menace that did not have a ghost of a chance of seizing national power. They have made themselves perfectly irrelevant and useless — except, of course, to the fascists-in-charge. Source URL: http://blackagendareport.com/ghost_fascists_vs_real_ones",0
14220,WWN’s Horoscopes,"Your workday goes into extra time, and you lose on penalties. taurus 21 April – 21 May 
You realise you’ve never read a book that didn’t have ‘now a major motion picture’ on the cover. gemini May 21 – June 20 
You didn’t think that ‘vomit head’ would stick as a nickname when they started calling you it 30 years ago, but here you are. cancer June 21 – July 22 
You realise that you weren’t the fastest sperm, you were just the only one that could be bothered. leo 
Take two, they’re small. virgo August 23 – September 22 
You don’t think Trump’s victory is all that bad, to be honest. You also shit yourself on a regular basis. libra 
Did you know screaming into the wind burns 990 calories an hour? Keep it up! scorpio October 23 – November 21 
The bloody media sneak round your house late at night and mess the place up. You just tidied! sagittarius 
You mark all your emails as read, even if you haven’t looked at them. capricorn 
You stop wearing your FitBit because it keeps catching on the Pringles tin. aquarius January 20 – February 18 
You make the argument that the US Jeremy Kyle show isn’t as good as the UK version. pisces February 19 – March 20 
Dem bones dem bones need calcium, not alcohol! Drink milk instead of beer at least once a week.",0
14221,Terror Plot to Run Crowds Over in Times Square Thwarted | RedFlag News,"Terrorism 
By Justin Holcomb, Townhall.com 
An Uber driver from Brooklyn has been accused of traveling to the Middle East to join ISIS and expressed support for a Nice-style attack with a garbage truck in Times Square, New York authorities said. 
Mohamed Rafik Naji, 37, faces charges of providing material support for terrorism and was arrested in his home on Monday. 
Last summer, Naji allegedly expressed support to an informant for carrying out a deadly attack in Times Square with a garbage truck crushing pedestrian just like the ISIS truck attack in Nice, France in July. 
""They (ISIS) want an operation in Times Square,"" Naji told the informant on July 19. 
""As alleged, the defendant was persistent in his efforts to join ISIL and support its terrorist objectives,” said U.S. Attorney Robert Capers. “We will continue to identify and prosecute individuals like Naji who seek to empower our nation’s enemies and endanger our citizens and partners around the world.” ",0
14222,How to Get Better Returns on Savings - The New York Times,"Savers were encouraged last year when the Federal Reserve began raising rates. But interest paid on the   federally insured accounts remains lackluster. Consumers willing to jump through some hoops, however, can get much better returns on their savings. In its annual review of   checking accounts, the financial website Bankrate found that the average yield at banks and credit unions was 1. 65 percent, while nearly a dozen yielded 2 percent or more. By contrast, the average money market account yields just 0. 11 percent. Bankrate’s analysis looked at a sample of 56 banks and credit unions in   to late February. But only about half of the   accounts are available to consumers nationally, and all come with lots of strings attached. Most, for instance, require direct deposit and at least 10 debit transactions a month to earn the highest rate. Other requirements may include agreeing to receive monthly statements electronically and paying bills online. And a few banks say they offer the accounts nationally but still require an   visit to a branch to open the account. “This is not something that’s going to work for everybody,” said Greg McBride, Bankrate’s chief financial analyst. For consumers who have direct deposit and use debit cards a lot, however, opening one of the accounts could be worthwhile since interest rates on savings accounts and certificates of deposit remain pedestrian. “All the more reason to be proactive,” he said, “ to make sure you’re getting the best return on your money. ” One example of a nationally available account is offered by Main Street Bank in Bingham Farms, Mich. The account offers 2. 25 percent on balances up to $25, 000 (the rate on balances over the cap is 0. 25 percent). In addition to a direct deposit or one automatic payment, the requirements include 12 debit transactions a month. Ken Tumin, founder of DepositAccounts. com, a website that tracks deposit rates, said many of his readers are older people looking to maximize returns on   accounts, and some have multiple   checking accounts. (He calls them   reward checking accounts because they typically offer a “reward” like reimbursement of A. T. M. fees in addition to the higher rate.) One reader, he said, has at least 10 of these accounts. While managing them and making sure all the various requirements are met is a challenge for consumers, he said, “They’re serious in terms of maximizing their savings in a safe way. ” To get the most from the accounts, it’s best to think of them as a savings account, rather than a checking account, Mr. McBride said. The required debits should probably be for smaller amounts, he said, so the higher rate is applied to the largest balance possible. (A few banks require that the debit transactions hit a minimum purchase level, so be sure to check the details.) Here are some questions and answers about   checking accounts: ■ What if I don’t make the required number of debit transactions? You won’t get the highest rate on your deposit for that month but will instead get a much lower, default interest rate. The average default rate is 0. 06 percent. The default rate isn’t permanent, however you can regain it by meeting the required debits the next month. And, Mr. Tumin said, the   accounts typically have no monthly fee, so while you won’t earn the higher rate if you fail to meet the account’s criteria, you won’t be penalized with an additional charge. ■ Is there a limit on the balance that earns the higher rate? Usually, yes  —   and that can limit the money you earn on your funds. Consumers must weigh the rate along with the balance cap to determine which account would generate the most interest for them, Mr. McBride said. The caps range from a low of $500 to a high of $25, 000, with an average of about $16, 000, Bankrate found. Earning 2 percent on the average would earn more than $300 for the account holder. But of the 15   accounts, just one had a balance cap higher than $15, 000. Northpointe Bank in Grand Rapids, Mich. for instance, offers a yield of 5 percent, but it caps the balance eligible for the rate at $5, 000. Funds over the limit earn just 0. 1 percent. Mr. Tumin suggested that consumers with a relatively small amount of money to deposit choose the account with the highest rate, while those with a larger pot select an account with the highest cap. ■ What if I already have my paycheck deposited into another account? Some employers allow you to have your direct paycheck deposit split among multiple accounts, Mr. McBride said. So you could have a portion deposited into a main checking account, which you use to pay monthly bills, and have the rest deposited into the   account to meet the criteria for the higher interest rate. In addition, some accounts allow deposits that use an automated clearing house electronic network for clearing financial transactions  —     A. C. H. transactions  —   to meet the   criteria, Mr. Tumin said. So you could set up a recurring automatic transfer from an online savings account  —   say, one offered by the Ally Bank or Capital One 360  —   to meet that requirement.",0
14223,"A Vision of the New Earth, a Celebration and Invocation for 11-11-15","Leave a reply 
This is intended to be a vision for the 11-11-2015. I am going to discuss the vision I had regarding how the old paradigm can transition into a new paradigm easily, safely, joyfully. The vision I had is that all the organizations in which people live and work — all the ones that they have come to depend upon, that they would be confused and bereft if they were to suddenly disappear. 
All the organizations can transform into their higher dimensional versions. And that transformation is initiated by a vibrational shift among the populace that gets them to the level which they can understand the transition and integrate it very easily into their hearts and minds and in their physical existence. 
Let’s take these organizations one by one just as samples. 
We see corporations turning into cooperatives being owned and operated by the people who are the employees. And therefore they have a vested interest in these organizations. Going to work is fun and inspiring; everyone works in the position that they are most challenged and inspired by and that they feel the best at. And they can easily move from position to position, according to what they desire at the time. 
The army becomes the army corps of engineers. Instead of an underlying intent of destruction, its underlying intent transforms to construction— reconstruction. They still use the same organization, the same kind of hierarchy in the beginning of the transition, and that makes everyone feel comfortable and happy, but their underlying intent has completely changed. So the same organization can be used for construction instead of destruction. So that makes a very easy way to transform the army into a much higher dimensional entity. 
The navy becomes the oceanographers whose job is to protect the ocean and to help restore it to pristine natural beauty. So each one of these things is its higher dimensional [version]; its underlying intent has changed. And that intent is aligned with the higher self of the Earth as well as the higher selves of all the humans and the other sentient beings and all the beings on Earth; that intent is aligned with the new Earth. 
That is the transitional phase. 
Money becomes a means of appreciation because everyone is starting to realize that they don’t have to work to live on the Earth; they don’t have to pay to live on the Earth. People don’t have a real need to be greedy or to have more than anyone else as a form of protection because survival-based thinking is replaced by inclusion and love, which is the higher dimensional version of the base-level programming. 
The base-level programming of survival thinking is what supports the old matrix. The new matrix is based upon love and inclusion: higher dimensional. And it requires that everyone get on board with that kind of thinking. So money might be necessary in the transitional phase, but it is only going to be returned to its original intent, which is a medium of exchange. So it [will] help to “grease the wheels,” so to speak. 
The vision that I have for the component of the New Earth that I want to create is an online as well as physical—it has physical versions of it—and it is basically a creative center, and people can volunteer to do work in different places according to the needs of those places. So, for instance, there is a village in Africa that needs a better supply of water. [The site would supply experts] who know how to supply water. So the village in Africa that needs water. 
You have this huge internet community: I call it the ImagiNation. It is made up of [creative] people who have the ability to imagine a new future, to imagine different constructs, who can make new things. And with this new thinking and the new intent underlying everything, people understand that when they go to help someone else, that they will be provided for while they are there. This village in Africa that needs a new water supply, people that are experts in this, or have a vision, they would go there, they would spearhead the project. The resources of the area would be used, the people that are the workers, would be the [labor force] from the area, the tribe, the community. 
Everything would be local as much as possible. And if companies had to come in to help with this they may be able to make money from this, but the primary purpose of this is to support the community. 
These creative people would then be going from community to community; they would be able to travel and to be supported in these communities and be supported while they are there. Their reputation is their currency so the creative [experts] are known for what they do, and their reputation precedes them, and they are “hired” to do this, but they can live anywhere in the world according to what they want and what they can do. 
I see this as a very easy and fun and enjoyable transition. We have the ability to do this; we need the support of our higher selves to anchor this into reality. We are holding the intent for this— the vision for this. We know that every part of society can be changed overnight; this [transition] can be like wildfire spreading across the Earth where people jump on board because it is so much fun. It is so much more fun to create something than to destroy something. It is so much more fun to live in community and harmony than it is to be constantly battling with each other; at odds and having to eek out your existence or defend your property. That’s the old paradigm that no longer needs to exist. 
So we are holding the space for this [vision] and as women we are bringing it through our bodies into the Earth. [Breathing] Bring it in… anchor it…”Let it be real” — that’s the phrase I am getting…”Let it be real.” Let the vision be real. People with money are going to start to realize that they can turn around and support this instead of supporting what they are supporting. They can turn around and support the growth of the New Earth, now, because it is needed now. They have the contacts, they have the money; they can help make this transition much, much, much easier. We are asking them—their higher selves—to release, to release the greed, to release the need for self-protection. And to join the party. Aliyah Marr is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Infinite Shift  ",0
14224,Bernie Ecclestone Is Replaced as Formula One Chief Executive - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Bernie Ecclestone’s longstanding leadership of Formula One ended when Liberty Media officially completed its takeover of the series on Monday and named Chase Carey, the vice chairman of 21st Century Fox, as Formula One’s new chief executive. The takeover came five days after the International Automobile Federation, the sport’s governing body, approved the sale of Formula One to Liberty Media, an American company that invests in entertainment and sports. Liberty said in a statement on Monday that the transaction price represented an enterprise value for Formula One of $8 billion and an equity value of $4. 4 billion. The    Ecclestone, who has been in charge of the series for nearly 40 years, will remain as an honorary chairman and will be an adviser to the circuit, according to Liberty. “I’m very pleased that the business has been acquired by Liberty,” Ecclestone said. “I am sure that Chase will execute his role in a way that will benefit the sport. ” Last September, Liberty Media Corp. which is controlled by the    tycoon John Malone, ended years of uncertainty about the ownership of Formula One when it announced plans for a takeover. Last week, the World Motor Sport Council of the F. I. A. as the governing body is known, approved the change of control of Delta Topco, the series’s holding company, from the private equity firm CVC Capital Partners to Liberty Media Group. With Liberty’s shareholders having approved the move, an F. I. A. green light was the last regulatory step before the sale. Although Carey had been expected to replace Ecclestone, the buyout came sooner than expected and some time ahead of the new Formula One season, which starts on March 26 with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne.",0
14225,Thousands of Indian Workers Are Stuck in Saudi Arabia as Kingdom’s Economy Sags - The New York Times,"NEW DELHI  —   The Indian government is struggling to support thousands of its citizens who have lost their jobs in Saudi Arabia, India’s minister of external affairs said on Monday, a new indication of how the drop in global oil prices has affected the Arab world’s largest economy and those who rely on it for their livelihoods. More than 10, 000 Indians have recently lost their jobs in the kingdom, and many are stuck there, some unable to feed themselves after not having been paid in months, the minister, Sushma Swaraj, told the upper house of India’s Parliament. “The government has taken this issue very seriously,” Ms. Swaraj said. “If they are getting work, it is fine. But if they are not getting work and want to come back home, I assure you that we will bring them home safe. ” Saudi Arabia and its wealthy Persian Gulf neighbors have long been top destinations for millions of poor laborers, most of whom work in construction, transport and other   sectors. But the drop in oil prices to around $40 a barrel from more than $100 a barrel in June 2014 has undermined Persian Gulf economies, leaving countries like Saudi Arabia with large budget deficits and delaying payments to government contractors. Ms. Swaraj said that many of the unemployed workers were awaiting back wages after their work sites had closed down. There are more than three million Indian workers in Saudi Arabia, she said. Indian diplomats had managed to get food to   workers living in five camps in Saudi Arabia as of Monday morning, Ms. Swaraj said. India is also trying to help those with no job prospects get home, a process complicated by Saudi restrictions on foreign labor. Human rights groups have accused Saudi Arabia and its neighbors of denying workers’ rights by allowing employers to confiscate foreign workers’ passports and not allowing them to leave the country without their employer’s permission. Ms. Swaraj said the struggle to obtain documents from employers that would free workers to return to India was frequently made more difficult by the worsening economic situation. “When the employer is no longer around, then where will we get the ‘no objection’ certificate?” she asked. The Saudi government’s budget difficulties have been felt most strongly in the construction sector, where contractors employ large work forces for huge infrastructure projects. In April, foreign laborers at Saudi Binladin Group, another construction giant, burned company buses during protests after not being paid for months. Ms. Swaraj said the Indian authorities were coordinating with Saudi Arabia to repatriate Indians who want to leave and trying to help unpaid workers to get their back wages. India’s junior foreign minister, V. K. Singh, will fly to Saudi Arabia on Tuesday to coordinate the Indian effort, she added. Many Indian workers have also lost their jobs in Kuwait, but the situation is worse in Saudi Arabia, Ms. Swaraj said in a Twitter post on Saturday. Millions of Indians have migrated to the Middle East and Gulf countries for work over the years. Many of them work in conflict zones, and in the past the Indian government has arranged large air and sea operations to evacuate them. Last year, the government evacuated more than 4, 000 Indians from Yemen, where a   coalition is fighting a war against Houthi rebels.",0
14226,Green Party Senate Candidate Margaret Flowers Crashes Two-Party Debate,"Videos Green Party Senate Candidate Margaret Flowers Crashes Two-Party Debate Both of Flowers’ opponents agreed to debate the Green Party candidate, but she was still excluded from the debate televised by CBS Baltimore. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Margaret Flowers, center, the Green Party candidate for U.S. Senate in Maryland, is escorted off stage after interrupting a televised Senate debate between Rep. Kathy Szeliga, R-Baltimore County, left, and Rep. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., in Baltimore, Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016 
BALTIMORE — Dr. Margaret Flowers, a Green Party candidate for Senate from Maryland, interrupted a televised debate to protest her exclusion from the forum on Wednesday. 
“I’m a candidate on the ballot. I have a statewide campaign. I don’t understand why I’m not up here,” Flowers declared as she briefly occupied the debate stage. This is NOT what democracy looks like #MDSen only televised debate excludes candidate #OpenDebates #LetFlowersDebate https://t.co/vOCInhwdvN pic.twitter.com/0sdvzJgofQ 
— Dr. Margaret Flowers (@flowers4senate) October 26, 2016 
Flowers is running for the seat long occupied by Democratic incumbent Barbara Mikulski, who announced her retirement earlier this year. 
During the direct action, Flowers took the stage amid loud applause from the audience and shook hands with her opponents, Democratic nominee Chris Van Hollen and Republican nominee Kathy Szeliga, both of whom agreed to debate Flowers. 
Despite being welcomed by her opponents, the organizers of the debate, CBS Baltimore and the University of Baltimore, refused to allow Flowers to participate . Watch ‘ Green Party Nominee Margaret Flowers Interrupt Senate Debate ‘: 
After briefly holding forth on the stage, police escorted her from the premises. As she was being led away, Flowers loudly declared that the way alternative candidates like her are treated is “why our Democracy is a sham.” 
After Flowers was led from the room, an audience member asserted his own support for open debates. He said: “We need to have open debates at the national level, at the state level, at all levels. If we’re supposed to be a democracy, why in God’s name are we excluding people from democracy? America is supposed to be the model for democracy, and the corporate media telling us that we can’t have more people at these debates — when is it going to end?” 
Other members of the audience also voiced support for Flowers’ inclusion in the debate, including Kevin Zeese, who runs Popular Resistance alongside Flowers and who filmed the incident, shouting: “Let her on the stage!” Police escorted both men out of the building. 
After the debate, the Flowers campaign issued a brief statement voicing her support for health care reform, for an end to foreign wars, and for the United States to invest heavily into renewable energy and fighting climate change. In part, the statement reads: “My exclusion means the voters will not know what I stand for and how I compare to the other candidates. While I have obvious differences with Republican views, I also have significant differences with Van Hollen. I am one of only twelve congressional candidates in the nation certified as a clean money candidate while Van Hollen has raised millions of dollars from big business lobbyists on K Street including from the fracking industry, weapons makers and big banks.” 
According to a press release issued on Thursday by the campaign, the Sinclair Broadcast Group has offered to host a three-way debate on one of its stations. Of the three candidates, Van Hollen is the only one who refuses to participate. In the statement, Flowers said: “Chris Van Hollen knows that if I am included in the debate his phony politics will be exposed. I will tell voters that Van Hollen has raised millions of campaign donations from wealthy lobbyists and industries such as natural gas, telecoms and weapons makers as well as how the policies he urges favor Wall Street investors and war. He is avoiding vigorous open debates because he has the funds to buy advertising and not risk being exposed.” 
Flowers, who is a pediatrician, became involved in politics and activism after she realized many of her patients and their families could not afford medical care. No stranger to direct action, Flowers was arrested in 2012 for protesting the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and again in 2014 for protesting a natural gas terminal in Cove Point, Maryland . In January 2015 , police escorted her out of the Senate as she interrupted TPP negotiations. 
She also serves as co-director of Popular Resistance , which organizes and reports on protests throughout the United States, and occasionally contributes reporting and analysis to MintPress News. 
In May, she told MintPress that she saw her candidacy as an opportunity to work with a political party “that can work hand in hand with social movements to get the change we need.” 
“We have to build up a party that is the alternative we want to see, that really is dedicated to social justice and grassroots democracy,” Flowers said.",0
14227,Hugh Laurie Does Bob Dylan,"Better than Bob Dylan, says Gary North . 12:52 am on October 28, 2016",0
14228,Transcript: President Obama on What Books Mean to Him - The New York Times,"Michiko Kakutani, the chief book critic for The New York Times, interviewed President Obama about literature on Friday at the White House. Here are excerpts from the conversation, which have been edited and condensed.  These books that you gave to your daughter Malia on the Kindle, what were they? Some of your favorites? I think some of them were sort of the usual suspects, so “The Naked and the Dead” or “One Hundred Years of Solitude,” I think she hadn’t read yet. Then there were some books I think that are not on everybody’s reading list these days, but I remembered as being interesting, like “The Golden Notebook” by Doris Lessing, for example. Or “The Woman Warrior,” by Maxine [Hong Kingston]. Part of what was interesting was me pulling back books that I thought were really powerful, but that might not surface when she goes to college. Have you had a chance to discuss them with her? I’ve had the chance to discuss some. And she’s interested in being a filmmaker, so storytelling is of great interest to her. She had just read “A Moveable Feast. ” I hadn’t included that, and she was just captivated by the idea that Hemingway described his goal of writing one true thing every day. What made you want to become a writer? I loved reading when I was a kid, partly because I was traveling so much, and there were times where I’d be displaced, I’d be the outsider. When I first moved to Indonesia, I’m this big,   kid that kind of stood out. And then when I moved back from Indonesia to Hawaii, I had the manners and habits probably of an Indonesian kid. And so the idea of having these worlds that were portable, that were yours, that you could enter into, was appealing to me. And then I became a teenager and wasn’t reading that much other than what was assigned in school, and playing basketball and chasing girls, and imbibing things that weren’t very healthy. I think all of us did. Yeah. And then I think rediscovered writing and reading and thinking in my first or second year of college and used that as a way to rebuild myself, a process I write about in “Dreams From My Father. ” That  period in New York, where you were intensely reading. I was hermetic  —   it really is true. I had one plate, one towel, and I’d buy clothes from thrift shops. And I was very intense, and sort of humorless. But it reintroduced me to the power of words as a way to figure out who you are and what you think, and what you believe, and what’s important, and to sort through and interpret this swirl of events that is happening around you every minute. And so even though by the time I graduated I knew I wanted to be involved in public policy, or I had these vague notions of organizing, the idea of continuing to write and tell stories as part of that was valuable to me. And so I would come home from work, and I would write in my journal or write a story or two. The great thing was that it was useful in my organizing work. Because when I got there, the guy who had hired me said that the thing that brings people together to have the courage to take action on behalf of their lives is not just that they care about the same issue, it’s that they have shared stories. And he told me that if you learn how to listen to people’s stories and can find what’s sacred in other people’s stories, then you’ll be able to forge a relationship that lasts. But my interest in public service and politics then merged with the idea of storytelling. What were your short stories like? It’s interesting, when I read them, a lot of them had to do with older people. I think part of the reason was because I was working in communities with people who were significantly older than me. We were going into churches, and probably the average age of these folks was 55, 60. A lot of them had scratched and clawed their way into the middle class, but just barely. They were seeing the communities in which they had invested their hopes and dreams and raised their kids starting to decay  —   steel mills had closed, and there had been a lot of racial turnover in these communities. And so there was also this sense of loss and disappointment. And so a bunch of the short stories I wrote had to do with that sense, that atmosphere. One story is about an old black pastor who seems to be about to lose his church, his lease is running out and he’s got this loyal woman deacon who is trying to buck him up. Another is about an elderly couple  —   a white couple in L. A.  —   and he’s like in advertising, wrote jingles. And he’s just retired and has gotten cranky. And his wife is trying to convince him that his life is not over. So when I think back on what’s interesting to me, there is not a lot of Jack Kerouac,   young kid on the make discovering stuff. It’s more melancholy and reflective. Was writing partly a way to figure out your identity? Yes, I think so. For me, particularly at that time, writing was the way I sorted through a lot of crosscurrents in my life  —   race, class, family. And I genuinely believe that it was part of the way in which I was able to integrate all these pieces of myself into something relatively whole. People now remark on this notion of me being very cool, or composed. And what is true is that I generally have a pretty good sense of place and who I am, and what’s important to me. And I trace a lot of that back to that process of writing. Has that continued to be so in the presidency? Not as much as I would have liked. I just didn’t have time. But you keep some form of a journal? I’ve kept some, but not with the sort of discipline that I would have hoped for. The main writing that I’ve done during the presidency has been my speeches, the ones at least that were important to me. How has the speechwriting and  being at the center of history and dealing with crises affected you as a writer? I’m not sure yet. I’ll have to see when I start writing the next book. Some of the craft of writing a good speech is identical to any other good writing: Is that word necessary? Is it the right word? Is there a rhythm to it that feels good? How does it sound aloud? I actually think that one of the useful things about speechwriting is reminding yourself that the original words are spoken, and that there is a sound, a feel to words that, even if you’re reading silently, transmits itself. So in that sense, I think there will be some consistency. But this is part of why it was important to pick up the occasional novel during the presidency, because most of my reading every day was briefing books and memos and proposals. And so working that very analytical side of the brain all the time sometimes meant you lost track of not just the poetry of fiction, but also the depth of fiction. Fiction was useful as a reminder of the truths under the surface of what we argue about every day and was a way of seeing and hearing the voices, the multitudes of this country. Are there examples of specific novels or writers? Well, the last novel I read was Colson Whitehead’s “The Underground Railroad. ” And the reminder of the ways in which the pain of slavery transmits itself across generations, not just in overt ways, but how it changes minds and hearts. It’s what you said in your farewell address about Atticus Finch, where you said people are so isolated in their little bubbles. Fiction can leap  —   It bridges them. I struck up a friendship with [the novelist] Marilynne Robinson, who has become a good friend. And we’ve become sort of pen pals. I started reading her in Iowa, where “Gilead” and some of her best novels are set. And I loved her writing in part because I saw those people every day. And the interior life she was describing that connected them  —   the people I was shaking hands with and making speeches to  —   it connected them with my grandparents, who were from Kansas and ended up journeying all the way to Hawaii, but whose foundation had been set in a very similar setting. And so I think that I found myself better able to imagine what’s going on in the lives of people throughout my presidency because of not just a specific novel but the act of reading fiction. It exercises those muscles, and I think that has been helpful. And then there’s been the occasion where I just want to get out of my own head. [Laughter] Sometimes you read fiction just because you want to be someplace else. What are some of those books? It’s interesting, the stuff I read just to escape ends up being a mix of things  —   some science fiction. For a while, there was a     novel, the “  Problem” series  —   Oh, Liu Cixin, who won the Hugo Award.  —   which was just wildly imaginative, really interesting. It wasn’t so much sort of character studies as it was just this sweeping  —   It’s really about the fate of the universe. Exactly. The scope of it was immense. So that was fun to read, partly because my    problems with Congress seem fairly petty  —   not something to worry about. Aliens are about to invade. [Laughter] There were books that would blend, I think, really good writing with thriller genres. I mean, I thought “Gone Girl” was a     book. I loved that structure. Yeah, and it was really well executed. And a similar structure, that I thought was a really powerful novel: “Fates and Furies,” by Lauren Groff. I like those structures  where you actually see different points of view. Which I have to do for this job, too. [Laughter] Have there been certain books that have been touchstones for you in these eight years? I would say Shakespeare continues to be a touchstone. Like most teenagers in high school, when we were assigned, I don’t know, “The Tempest” or something, I thought, ‘My God, this is boring.’ And I took this wonderful Shakespeare class in college where I just started to read the tragedies and dig into them. And that, I think, is foundational for me in understanding how certain patterns repeat themselves and play themselves out between human beings. Is that sort of comforting? It gives me a sense of perspective. I think Toni Morrison’s writings  —   particularly “Song of Solomon” is a book I think of when I imagine people going through hardship. That it’s not just pain, but there’s joy and glory and mystery. I think that there are writers who I don’t necessarily agree with in terms of their politics, but whose writings are sort of a baseline for how to think about certain things  —   V. S. Naipaul, for example. His “A Bend in the River,” which starts with the line, “The world is what it is men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it. ” And I always think about that line, and I think about his novels when I’m thinking about the hardness of the world sometimes, particularly in foreign policy, and I resist and fight against sometimes that very cynical, more realistic view of the world. And yet, there are times where it feels as if that may be true. So in that sense, I’m using writing like that as a foil or something to debate against. I’ve read that Lincoln  loved Shakespeare his whole life, but  when he was dealing with the Civil War,  reading the  history plays helped give him solace and perspective. Lincoln’s own writings do that. He is a very fine writer. I’d put the Second Inaugural up against any piece of American writing  —   as good as anything. One of the great treats of being president is, in the Lincoln Bedroom, there’s a copy of the Gettysburg Address handwritten by him, one of five copies he did for charity. And there have been times in the evening when I’d just walk over, because it’s right next to my office, my home office, and I just read it. And perspective is exactly what is wanted. At a time when events move so quickly and so much information is transmitted, the ability to slow down and get perspective, along with the ability to get in somebody else’s shoes  —   those two things have been invaluable to me. Whether they’ve made me a better president, I can’t say. But what I can say is that they have allowed me to sort of maintain my balance during the course of eight years, because this is a place that comes at you hard and fast and doesn’t let up. Is there some poem or any  writing or author that you would turn to, say,  after the mass killings in Newtown, Conn. or during the financial crisis? I think that during those periods, Lincoln’s writings, King’s writings, Gandhi’s writings, Mandela’s writings  —   I found those particularly helpful, because what you wanted was a sense of solidarity. During very difficult moments, this job can be very isolating. So sometimes you have to hop across history to find folks who have been similarly feeling isolated. Churchill’s a good writer. And I loved reading Teddy Roosevelt’s writing. He’s this big, outsize character. Have you read a lot of presidential biographies?  The biographies have been useful, because I do think that there’s a tendency, understandable, to think that whatever’s going on right now is uniquely disastrous or amazing or difficult. And it just serves you well to think about Roosevelt trying to navigate World War II or Lincoln trying to figure out whether he’s going to fire [George B.] McClellan when Rebel troops are 20, 30, 40 miles away. I watched some of the    documentary   “Eyes on the Prize” after the election.  It was useful. You do see how far we’ve come, and in the space of my lifetime. And that’s why seeing my daughters now picking up books that I read 30 years ago or 40 years ago is gratifying, because I want them to have perspective  —   not for purposes of complacency, but rather to give them confidence that people with a sense of determination and courage and pluck can reshape things. It’s empowering for them. What books would you recommend at this moment in time, that  captures this sense of turmoil? I should probably ask you or some people who have had time to catch up on reading. I’ll confess that since the election, I’ve been busier than I expected. So one of the things I’m really looking forward to is to dig into a whole bunch of literature. But one of the things I’m confident about is that, out of this moment, there are a whole bunch of writers, a lot of them young, who are probably writing the book I need to read. [Laughter] They’re ahead of me right now. And so in my   in addition to training the next generation of leaders to work on issues like climate change or gun violence or criminal justice reform, my hope is to link them up with their peers who see fiction or nonfiction as an important part of that process. When so much of our politics is trying to manage this clash of cultures brought about by globalization and technology and migration, the role of stories to unify  —   as opposed to divide, to engage rather than to marginalize  —   is more important than ever. There’s something particular about quieting yourself and having a sustained stretch of time that is different from music or television or even the greatest movies. And part of what we’re all having to deal with right now is just a lot of information overload and a lack of time to process things. So we make quick judgments and assign stereotypes to things, block certain things out, because our brain is just trying to get through the day. We’re bombarded with information. Technology is moving so rapidly. Look, I don’t worry about the survival of the novel. We’re a storytelling species. I think that what one of the jobs of political leaders going forward is, is to tell a better story about what binds us together as a people. And America is unique in having to stitch together all these disparate elements  —   we’re not one race, we’re not one tribe, folks didn’t all arrive here at the same time. What holds us together is an idea, and it’s a story about who we are and what’s important to us. And I want to make sure that we continue that. I know you like Junot Díaz’s and Jhumpa Lahiri’s books, and they speak to immigration or the American Dream. I think Lahiri’s books, I think Díaz’s books, do speak to a very particular contemporary immigration experience. But also this combination of  —   that I think is universal  —   longing for this better place, but also feeling displaced and looking backwards at the same time. I think in that sense, their novels are directly connected to a lot of American literature. Some of the great books by Jewish authors like Philip Roth or Saul Bellow, they are steeped with this sense of being an outsider, longing to get in, not sure what you’re giving up  —   what you’re willing to give up and what you’re not willing to give up. So that particular aspect of American fiction I think is still of great relevance today.",0
14229,Lynch threatens Congress instead of answering questions on ransom payments to Iran,"Print 
[Ed. – Lawmakers are saying she’s basically “pleading the Fifth.” But it appears to be more than that, if her deputy is warning members of Congress about publicly disclosing what they know about the payments. There cannot be any justification for that.] 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by [mis]leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon . 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response , Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch’s behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran. 
The response from the attorney general’s office is “unacceptable” and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to “essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her] role in providing cash to the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism,” Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch, according to a copy obtained by the Free Beacon .",0
14230,Gunshots Cause Cancelation of Shia LaBeouf Anti-Trump Exhibit,"Actor and performance artist Shia LaBeouf has taken down his   Trump “He Will Not Divide Us” live stream project after gunshots were reported in the area near the exhibit. [“We have taken the stream down after shots were reported in the area. The safety of everybody participating in our project is paramount,” LaBeouf tweeted to his   Twitter followers early Thursday morning.  We have taken the stream down after shots were reported in the area. The safety of everybody participating in our project is paramount.  —   Shia LaBeouf (@thecampaignbook) February 23, 2017,  LaBeouf initially launched his    live stream at the Museum of the Moving Image in Queens, New York, hours before Trump was sworn in as America’s 45th President. The concept of the project was to have museum patrons stand in front of a camera placed on a wall, which had the phrase “He Will Not Divide Us” written on it. The camera was initially intended to record participants  —   and the Transformers star  —   shouting the   phrase into the camera 24 hours a day for the remainder of Trump’s term in office. But less than a month after it was established, LaBeouf’s live stream was over as he was taken away in handcuffs by police following an alleged physical altercation between him and a Trump supporter. The museum promptly shut down the project and LaBeouf and collaborators Nastja Sade Ronkko and Luke Turner blasted the decision in a blog post. Earlier this month, the    actor moved the   art exhibit to the El Rey Theatre in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico. “We are anti the normalization of division. That’s it,” LaBeouf told the Albuquerque Journal on Saturday, the first day at its new location. “The rest of the info is right there, chief, I got nothing else to say to you. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
14231,Oscars Mistake Casts Unwanted Spotlight on PwC - The New York Times,"As the Oscar for best picture was being presented at the 89th Academy Awards on Sunday night, Tim Ryan, the United States chairman of PwC, was sitting in a plush seat in the Dolby Theater, watching with satisfaction. PwC, an accounting firm based in London, has tabulated the votes for the Academy Awards for 83 years. And the Oscars, while not its most lucrative client, is perhaps its most important. The firm leans on its long history as Hollywood’s chief   to enhance its appeal in efforts like business development and recruiting. So when “La La Land” was named the   winner and the producers began delivering their acceptance speeches, it appeared Mr. Ryan’s work for the night was done. Then chaos erupted on the stage. A PwC partner had handed Warren Beatty, a presenter of the award, the wrong envelope. Faye Dunaway, presenting the award with Mr. Beatty, erroneously announced that “La La Land” had won. Moments later, after the two PwC partners who oversee the voting came onstage, the “La La Land” producers announced that “Moonlight” was in fact the winner. Mr. Ryan watched in horror as the bizarre scene played out before Hollywood’s biggest stars and tens of millions of people watching around the globe. In a dizzying turn of events, his firm, which normally occupies a back seat at the glamorous event, was suddenly at the center of one of the most sensational stories in Oscars history. “I knew something was up,” he said in a telephone interview on Monday, zeroing in on the discordant moment when he noticed two of his employees interrupting the best picture acceptance speeches. “It’s not their job to come out on stage. ” As the magnitude of the gaffe set in, Mr. Ryan went into   mode. “What was going though my head at the time was, ‘We have to get to the bottom of this, and if we made a mistake, we’ll own up to it,’” Mr. Ryan said. “My philosophy in life is, bad news doesn’t age well. ” Reaction to the mistake has been swift and harsh. “The accountants have one job to do  —   that’s to give Warren Beatty the right envelope,” Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of CBS, said in a videotaped interview after the show, which was broadcast on ABC. “That’s what these people are paid a lot of money to do. If they were my accountant, I would fire them. ” On Monday, the hashtags #envelopegate and #Oscarfail were trending on Twitter, and PwC, a business that markets its services to other businesses, was newly on the tip of many consumers’ tongues in an unforgiving fashion. “You had one job!” several people remarked, tagging the company’s username and the two partners who oversaw the ballots, who were the public faces of PwC’s efforts before and during the show. Some criticized PwC, formerly known as PricewaterhouseCoopers, on an unofficial Facebook page for the business, with one person remarking its acronym could stand for “probably wrong card. ” Just as quickly as the fortunes of “La La Land” and “Moonlight” changed, PwC, one of the   Big Four accounting firms, had a major brand crisis on its hands. “Not since Janet Jackson and her wardrobe malfunction on the Super Bowl have we seen something quite as glaring as this snafu,” said Andrew D. Gilman, the chief executive of the crisis communications firm CommCore Consulting Group, referring to the 2004 episode. Although most of PwC’s clients are aware that mistakes can happen, “the name of the firm has unfortunately been a little sullied,” he added. PwC was quick to accept responsibility for the mistake. According to Mr. Ryan and others briefed on the process, a PwC partner, Brian Cullinan, handed Mr. Beatty the wrong envelope. Instead of the envelope containing the winner for best picture, Mr. Cullinan accidentally handed Mr. Beatty a duplicate of the envelope for best actress  —   an award Emma Stone had accepted for her role in “La La Land” just moments before. For the Oscars, PwC uses two complete sets of the envelopes, with one placed on each side of the stage. Mr. Cullinan was handling one side, and the other partner overseeing the voting process, Martha L. Ruiz, was handling the other. It isn’t clear what led Mr. Cullinan to hand Mr. Beatty the wrong envelope. Mr. Cullinan posted on Twitter a photograph of Ms. Stone backstage shortly after she won the award for best actress, and minutes before the   according to The Wall Street Journal. The post, which has been deleted, said “Best Actress Emma Stone backstage! #PWC. ” The design of the envelopes could have been a factor. The envelopes were redesigned this year to feature red paper with gold lettering that specified the award enclosed, rather than gold paper with dark lettering. That could have made the lettering harder to read. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, not PwC, is responsible for the design and procurement of the envelopes. Whatever the reason, PwC was left searching for answers. As celebrities and guests hit the town for celebrations, Mr. Ryan spent the hours after the awards show speaking with Mr. Cullinan, Ms. Ruiz, members of the Academy and the show’s producers. “I spent the bulk of the night with Brian trying to understand what happened,” Mr. Ryan said. “There wasn’t much in terms of parties last night. ” Mr. Ryan and others at PwC were scrambling to contain the damage all night. The firm released a statement early Monday apologizing and taking responsibility for the mistake. Later in the day, Mr. Ryan wrote an email to PwC employees. It is too early to tell how the error will affect the PwC brand. A privately held partnership, PwC provides accounting, tax advisory and consulting services to most of the world’s largest corporations. It reported sales of $36 billion during its last fiscal year, up 7 percent from the previous year. The entertainment and media sector accounted for just 4. 2 percent of sales. PwC would not comment on its financial arrangement with the Academy, and Mr. Ryan said that there had not been any discussions about whether its longstanding contract was in jeopardy. PwC, which said earlier this month that it planned to hire an advertising agency to help promote some of its services, recently selected   for those efforts. That marketing work will be separate from any ad campaign the company may plan in the wake of the Oscars  . The company promotes the firm’s longstanding relationship with the Academy Awards on its website. One video posted there, introducing Mr. Cullinan and Ms. Ruiz, began with the line, “The reason we were even first asked to take on this role was because of the reputation PwC has in the marketplace for being a firm of integrity, of accuracy and confidentiality. ” It went on to note that the relationship was “symbolic of how we’re thought of beyond this role and how our clients think of us. ” But how clients think of PwC may change. Mr. Gilman, the crisis communications specialist, said he was curious to see if PwC kept the Oscars contract. “They have branded themselves around this event saying, ‘We’re trusted’  —   that’s the implication. Now I think that will take a hit. ”",0
14232,An Oklahoma Newspaper Endorsed Clinton. It Hasn’t Been Forgiven. - The New York Times,"ENID, Okla.  —   One Sunday after church, Jeff Mullin and his wife were in line at the Western Sizzlin steakhouse here when a man, fists clenched, threatened to beat the hell out of him. “My first thought was just to kind of try to keep things calm. Otherwise, it was going to be two old guys rolling around on the floor of the steakhouse, and that would be pretty unseemly,” recalled Mr. Mullin, 64, the mustachioed senior writer for Enid’s daily newspaper, The Enid News  Eagle. The dispute was not personal. It was, of all things, editorial. Mr. Mullin’s red newspaper in a red county in what is arguably the reddest of states went blue this campaign season and endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. The editorial board, in a   column on Page A4 on Oct. 9, wrote that Donald J. Trump lacked “the skills, experience or temperament to hold office. ” The headline and subhead read: “For U. S. president: Hillary Clinton is our choice for commander in chief. ” It was the first Democratic endorsement for president in the modern history of the newspaper, which was founded in 1893. As the man’s reaction at the steakhouse suggested, Enid was stunned, and this   agricultural town of 52, 000 near the Kansas state line has not been the same since. The News  Eagle, with a circulation of 10, 000, lost 162 subscribers who canceled the paper. Eleven advertisers pulled their ads, including a funeral home that had a sizable account. Someone stuck a “Crooked Hillary” bumper sticker on the glass doors of the paper’s downtown office. A man left a   message on the publisher’s voice mail, expressing his hope that readers would deliver, to put it delicately, a burning sack of steaming excrement to the paper. Around the country, as newspapers big and small are struggling to keep subscribers, a handful of papers with conservative editorial boards made news by either endorsing Mrs. Clinton or urging readers to back anybody but Mr. Trump. Among them were The Dallas Morning News and The Fort Worth  . The Arizona Republic in Phoenix received death threats after it endorsed a Democrat for president for the first time in its   history. Yet for the most part, the fallout at those large metropolitan newspapers was   and barely noticed. The  ’s editorial in October, “Say No to Trump,” led to more than 100 canceled subscriptions, less than   of 1 percent of its circulation. In Enid, however, sentiment about the endorsement lingers weeks after the election. A former mayor, Doug Frantz, 72, withdrew his participation in this year’s Pillar of the Plains events, which are sponsored by the paper and honor community leaders and volunteers. Emails, letters, phone calls and comments denouncing the endorsement have poured into the paper’s website and Facebook page,  and online, the editorial logged more than 20, 000 page views the week it was published, making it one of the most viewed articles to ever run on Enidnews. com. Days after the editorial, Paul Allen, 81, one of Enid’s most prominent residents  —   he financed construction of the ballpark downtown  —   stepped into the paper’s offices on Broadway. He walked past the statue of an eagle in the lobby and canceled his    subscription at the front desk. He might have done it sooner, but hesitated because he knows the publisher, Jeff L. Funk, whom he sees at weekly Rotary Club meetings. “I like Jeff a lot,” said Mr. Allen, a   of a meat processing company that is the largest private employer in town. “That was one reason I debated it, because I didn’t want to offend him. “I wasn’t gloating over it,” he continued. “I just felt like it was kind of my duty almost. When I saw that headline, I was shocked. It was sickening to me. ” The News  Eagle’s   editorial showed the raw power of partisanship in   America, the extraordinary divisions exposed in this election and the surprising ways in today’s digital media age that newspaper endorsements still have the power to generate a reaction, even if they don’t necessarily change people’s votes. “There used to be a saying that the editorial page was the soul of a newspaper, and if that’s the case, we’ve got a lot of   newspapers in the country because they’re afraid to offend anybody,” said Terry M. Clark, the director of the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame and a professor of journalism at the University of Central Oklahoma in Edmond. “This is an excellent example of the way American journalism ought to be  —   standing for something  —   and, man, it takes guts to do that in Enid, Okla. ” The News  Eagle, which urged readers in the Republican primary to support Senator Marco Rubio for president, stands by its endorsement of Mrs. Clinton. But it has also been busy doing damage control. One reader who stopped taking the paper said it was still trying to woo him back by delivering an occasional copy to his doorstep. The executive editor, Rob Collins, has worked the phones, talking to subscribers who had canceled or threatened to do so. “I talked a lot of people off the ledge,” said Mr. Collins, who grew up in Enid and whose father was a respected car salesman. “People knew my dad or know my mom and know my family here. A lot of people who were angry called expecting me to argue right back with them. Really, the only time I would raise my voice is when I would get cursed at or yelled at, which I don’t really like. “I hope people can respect that we’re entitled to our opinion, too, and that that can be different from news,” he added. The editorial took shape from notes that Mr. Funk, the publisher, supplied to Mr. Collins. Mr. Collins refined the notes and was the primary author of the endorsement, which was debated and approved by the paper’s   editorial board. The paper’s corporate parent, Community Newspaper Holdings Inc. which is based in Alabama and owns newspapers and websites in 23 states, also played a role. “It was our decision at the corporate level, which of course was made known to all of our papers, that Donald Trump did not meet our company and journalism values, particularly as they related to the First Amendment,” said Bill Ketter, the senior vice president for news. Asked if the Enid editorial board had the freedom to endorse Mr. Trump, he replied: “Let me put it this way. We would have been disappointed. Did we demand that they do something? No, we didn’t do that. We set out our principles and our standards. ” Enid is roughly 100 miles north of Oklahoma City, and people here still like to debate whether the town gets its name from a character in a Tennyson poem or, according to urban legend, from a joke played on an old chuck wagon sign. (Enid is, after all, “Dine” spelled backward.) The jets from Vance Air Force Base fly so low that residents like to say they can read the markings on the bottoms of the aircraft. Several residents said they now depended on the newspaper’s competitor, The Enid Buzz  —   an online and social media hub for community news and activities  —   for their local news, and they disputed any suggestion that canceling subscriptions was too strong a reaction. “I’m unhappy with the whole media,” said Jody Traynor, 67, a   subscriber who stopped taking the paper after the endorsement. “All of them. They lean too much. They’re supposed to just tell me the news and let me decide. ” All 77 counties in Oklahoma went for Mr. Trump. The last Democrat to carry the state was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, while the last one to carry an Oklahoma county in a presidential election was Al Gore in 2000. Still, there are Democrats in Enid, at least one of whom was pleased with the situation. “We gained one subscriber out of the endorsement editorial,” Mr. Funk said. “We lost 162, but we gained one. ” At Western Sizzlin that Sunday, Mr. Mullin ended up ordering a   steak and a baked potato without further incident, but the confrontation disturbed and puzzled him. He and his wife attend Willow View United Methodist Church, as do members of the man’s family. “Looking back on it, I think it was all talk, but at the time I thought there was a possibility that he might take a swing at me,” said Mr. Mullin, a member of the editorial board. “And I thought this is crazy. This is a newspaper endorsement. Some of the people almost seemed hurt. Like, ‘How can my newspaper’  —   in a small town like this, it’s their newspaper  —   ‘do this to me?’ I think there was almost a sense of betrayal. ”",0
14233,Fight Between Saudis and 9/11 Families Escalates in Washington - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   On Monday, a constellation of lobbyists for Saudi Arabia, which has spent more than $5 million this past year to buy influence in Washington, called a crisis meeting to try to stop legislation allowing the families of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue the Saudi government for any role in the plot. On Tuesday, the   families, represented in their   lawsuits by lawyers including Jack Quinn, a former White House counsel with deep relationships in Washington, demonstrated outside the White House to pressure President Obama not to veto the legislation, as he has vowed to do. On Wednesday, these two powerful forces, one operating in the shadows and the other more in the open, converged on Capitol Hill in the culmination of one of the biggest and most emotional lobbying fights of the year. The battle is a reflection of the enduring dominance in Washington of the   families and the diminishing clout here of Saudi Arabia, which once advanced its agenda unencumbered in the West Wing and corridors of Congress. The   bill, known as the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, unanimously passed the House and Senate, and it has major national security and diplomatic consequences for the United States. It would alter a 1976 law giving other countries immunity from lawsuits in the United States and force them to face federal lawsuits if they are found to have played a role in a terrorist attack that kills Americans on United States soil. Proponents argue that the bill closes a narrow loophole in a legal doctrine that already has exceptions for business activities and tort claims, and has no bearing on acts of war. But White House lawyers counter that the bill blows a damaging hole in sovereign immunity  —   a principle sacrosanct in international law, which holds that a state actor is immune from legal liability  —   and could lead other nations to abandon it, opening up the United States to a raft of lawsuits around the world. Mr. Obama has promised to veto the bill for those reasons, not to appease the Saudis, with whom he has had a difficult relationship. That distinction is lost on the families, who are angry with Mr. Obama. “It is reprehensible that one man is standing between justice for the murder of 3, 000 people and this legislation becoming law,” said Kristen Breitweiser, whose husband was killed in the Sept. 11 attacks. “The president and the Congress should be listening to American citizens, not a bunch of lobbyists who represent a foreign nation. ” And in a démarche on Wednesday, the European Union called on Mr. Obama to stop the measure from becoming law, warning of harm to “the international order” if it were to take effect. Saudi officials have long denied that the kingdom had any role in the Sept. 11 plot, and the   Commission investigating the attacks found “no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded the organization. ” But the commission’s narrow wording left open the possibility that less senior officials or parts of the Saudi government had played a role. The Saudi government, which is now focused on lobbying Congress not to override Mr. Obama’s promised veto, expected on Friday, has called in reinforcements. Among them are former Senators John B. Breaux, a Democrat, and Norm Coleman, a Republican. The Saudis have also added Sphere Consulting, a top public relations firm, to their already   mix of lobbyists and consultants, including the Podesta Group, DLA Piper, Hogan Lovells and the BGR Group. Adel   the Saudi foreign minister, is making appeals of his own. He spoke by phone on Wednesday with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, who also met with   families and later said she was not ready to say anything about the bill. Tom Mentzer, a spokesman for Ms. Feinstein, said she was concerned about the measure’s “unintended consequences” and was “taking a close look” at it. “It’s an intense effort,” Mr. Breaux said in an interview on Wednesday, in between phone calls and meetings with senators to encourage them to drop their support for the bill. “This is a tough vote and a very emotional issue. I think we all have great sympathy for the victims and families, but members are saying, ‘Well, we really only had one side of the story, and now we’re looking at the other side. ’” In an open letter circulated to members of Congress and reporters on Tuesday by the Saudis’ public relations forces, a prominent list of former national security officials called the measure “troublesome” and offered grave warnings about its implications for the national security of the United States. “The safety and security of our diplomats, intelligence officers, military and other senior officials of the U. S. government, and their ability to perform their duties without foreign influence or intervention, would be seriously imperiled by a process intent on denying them the international immunities that have been accepted by all civilized nations since the 16th century and earlier,” the letter said. Its signatories included William S. Cohen, a former secretary of defense Michael B. Mukasey, a former attorney general and Steven J. Hadley, who served as a national security adviser to President George W. Bush Richard A. Clarke, a top counterterrorism official under President Bill Clinton and Mr. Bush and Rand Beers, who was a homeland security adviser to Mr. Obama. Mr. Quinn and Sean Carter, another lawyer for the   families, hit back scarcely an hour later with their own letter to lawmakers and journalists. “It is increasingly apparent that these false ‘reciprocity’ arguments reflect nothing more than a desire to protect the Saudis from having to answer the legitimate claims of the   families, whose loved ones were murdered on September 11, 2001,” they wrote. In an interview, Mr. Quinn argued that the White House was mainly motivated by a desire to preserve the diplomatic relationship between the United States and Saudi Arabia, not by a genuine concern for international legal precedents or unintended consequences. “They’re just throwing stuff against the wall that doesn’t stand up, and they’re doing it in hopes they can give people pause and cause them to reconsider,” Mr. Quinn said. On Wednesday, top officials at the White House were meeting to plan for the veto, even as they sought to come up with an alternative that might satisfy both sides. On Capitol Hill on Wednesday, the Senate overwhelmingly rejected a bid to disapprove of Mr. Obama’s planned sale of $1. 15 billion in arms to Saudi Arabia  —   a public show of support for the kingdom before an expected override of Mr. Obama’s veto. “Unless there’s tremendous energy and capital put forth by the White House, and the offering of an alternative, it’s going to be overwhelmingly overridden,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. It takes   of the House and Senate to override a veto, meaning that opponents must find 34 senators willing to side with the president. The votes are expected to take place next week. “There’s a chance that the president can have his veto sustained, but he’s going to have to really work it,” Mr. Breaux said. “It’s a hard thing to explain the reasoning to begin with. Having to be able to go home weeks before an election and explain it is very, very difficult. ” Terry Strada, another   widow, said she and other relatives of the victims were mounting a “  assault” of visits and phone calls on Capitol Hill to make such justifications impossible. “All we need to do is keep the momentum going so the Saudis can’t come in and twist arms,” she said this week, standing in front of the White House as protesters shouted: “President Obama, you can’t hide! We’ll get Congress to override!”",0
14234,Donald Trump’s More Accepting Views on Gay Issues Set Him Apart in G.O.P. - The New York Times,"Elton John and his longtime boyfriend, David Furnish, entered a civil partnership on Dec. 21, 2005, in England under a law the country had just enacted granting recognition to   couples. The congratulations poured in as the two men appeared at a joyous ceremony at Windsor Guildhall, amid a crush of paparazzi. Donald J. Trump, who had known the couple for years, took to his blog to express his excitement. “I know both of them, and they get along wonderfully. It’s a marriage that’s going to work,” Mr. Trump wrote, adding: “I’m very happy for them. If two people dig each other, they dig each other. ” Mr. Trump is now the leading candidate for president in the Republican primary, which has traditionally been dominated by hopefuls eager to show how deeply conservative they are on social issues like gay rights and marriage. But Mr. Trump is far more accepting of sexual minorities than his party’s leaders have been. On Thursday, he startled some Republicans by saying on NBC’s “Today” show that he opposed a recently passed North Carolina law that prohibits people from using public bathrooms that do not correspond to the gender they were born with, striking down a Charlotte ordinance. Transgender people should “use the bathroom they feel is appropriate,” Mr. Trump said, putting him at odds with a majority of Republicans in North Carolina. But it is his views on gay rights and gay people that most distinguish Mr. Trump from previous Republican  . He has nurtured long friendships with gay people, employed gay workers in prominent positions, and moved with ease in industries where gays have long exerted influence, like entertainment. “He will be the most   Republican nominee for president ever,” said Gregory T. Angelo, the president of the Log Cabin Republicans, a group that supports gay rights. Of course, Mr. Trump is not as embracing of gay rights as the Democratic candidates are he said during this campaign that he believes that marriage is between a man and a woman, a position he has held since at least 2000, when he briefly flirted with a bid for the presidency. But he does not emphasize marriage as an issue, and he makes no mention of it, for example, on his campaign website, which focuses on issues like immigration and trade. And Mr. Trump, who has inflamed tensions with almost every group, from Hispanics to women to   has avoided attacking or offending gay men and lesbians during the campaign. His history with the gay community is a long one. He donated to charities focused on the AIDS crisis in the late 1980s and early ’90s. In 2000, when he briefly considered running for president, he gave an interview to The Advocate, a gay magazine, in which he supported amending the 1964 Civil Rights Act to “include a ban of discrimination based on sexual orientation. ” “It would be simple. It would be straightforward,” Mr. Trump said in the interview, adding, “It’s only fair. ” Sixteen years later, gay rights advocates are still trying to persuade Congress to pass a similar measure, but they have struggled to win support, especially from Republicans. The last Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, opposed similar legislation in 2012. Mr. Trump declined to be interviewed for this article. His ease with gay people does not seem to be the result of deep soul searching, but, rather, the product of the Manhattan social and political world he has inhabited the past five decades. “I live in New York. I know many, many gay people. Tremendous people,” Mr. Trump said in an interview in 2011. He has been playful at times, such as in 2000, when he and Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani appeared in a skit for a political roast, during which Mr. Trump nuzzled and caressed the mayor, who was dressed in drag. Friends say he also views gay rights through the lens of a bottom   businessman. “His key concern is, Are you capable and able to do the job I hired you for? And if you are, very little else matters,” said Abe Wallach, an openly gay executive at the Trump Organization in the 1990s. “Very little on a social level will make Donald excited  —   if it was money or something else, he might get excited. ” Mr. Trump was believed to be the first private club owner in Palm Beach, Fla. to admit an openly gay couple, according to Laurence Leamer, the author of “Madness Under the Royal Palms,” a book about Palm Beach society. Mr. Trump made his club,    more open partly out of disdain for the restrictions that barred Jews and   from joining exclusive clubs in Palm Beach. “It’s one of the best things he’s done in my view in his life,” Mr. Leamer said. “He really changed the nature of Palm Beach. ” Rand Hoch, a gay activist who founded the Palm Beach County Human Rights Council in 1988, recalled bringing dates to    on two occasions. Both times, he said, Mr. Trump, who loves to play the role of greeter as guests arrive at his club, was pleasant and approached the two for chitchat. “He treated us no differently than everyone else who was going through that door,” Mr. Hoch said, adding that it was not possible that Mr. Trump was unaware they were gay. “He’s perceptive, so I’m pretty sure he didn’t think we were brothers. ” Mr. Wallach said that he and his husband would fly on Mr. Trump’s jet to Florida or Atlantic City on weekends. “I found him to be very friendly to my spouse,” he said. “He would often ask about my spouse, how his dental practice was doing. ” Mr. Trump’s foundation has given over the years to groups like the AIDS Service Center and the Elton John AIDS Foundation. Some of those donations came more recently in connection with his reality television show “The Celebrity Apprentice,” whose winners got to select the recipient charities. But as early as 1987, Mr. Trump made a $25, 000 contribution to the Gay Men’s Health Crisis, from profits generated by his company’s operation of the Wollman Memorial Rink in Central Park. And in 1992, the Trump Taj Mahal held an event that raised $60, 000 for AIDS research. Mr. Trump’s recent alliances with social conservatives such as Jerry Falwell Jr. and Pat Robertson have alarmed people like Mr. Angelo, whose group, the Log Cabin Republicans, is eager to meet with the real estate mogul to discuss his positions in detail. And some gay acquaintances of Mr. Trump find it puzzling that he cannot support   marriage, given his comfort with gay relationships. In 2012, Mr. Trump attended the wedding of Jordan Roth, a Broadway producer, and Richie Jackson, in a ceremony at the Al Hirschfeld Theater. Months later, Mr. Trump went to lunch with the actor George Takei, who is openly gay and was fired by Mr. Trump from “The Celebrity Apprentice. ” Mr. Takei approached Mr. Trump at a news conference for the show, saying he would like to try to change his views on letting gay people marry. “He said, ‘George, maybe I could learn something from you,’ ” Mr. Takei said in a telephone interview this week from his home in California. The lunch, at Trump Tower, opened with Mr. Trump mentioning the wedding he had attended, which Mr. Takei later learned was that of Mr. Roth and Mr. Jackson. Mr. Takei walked Mr. Trump through the benefits of supporting   marriage, particularly for a business owner. Gay couples would celebrate in his hotels, and their guests would dine in his restaurants, Mr. Takei said. Mr. Trump agreed with that view, Mr. Takei said, but he would not budge, saying he supported “traditional marriage. ” “I was tempted to say, marrying multiple times is not traditional marriage,” Mr. Takei said of Mr. Trump, who has been married three times.",0
14235,Cubs’ Jake Arrieta on Nats-Giants Brawl: ‘I Thought it was Awesome’,"Not everyone thought that the brawl between the Nationals and the Giants, headlined by outfielder Bryce Harper and reliever Hunter Strickland, was necessarily a great look for major league baseball. [But, don’t count Cubs pitcher Jake Arrieta among them.  While appearing on the Bernstein and Goff Show on 670 The Score in Chicago on Tuesday, Arrieta said he felt that the brawl was “awesome” and “refreshing”: I don’t think anybody is right or wrong. I thought it was awesome. Every once in a while, it’s refreshing to see two teams emotionally charged getting after it. And when something like that happens versus continuing to chirp and talk about it, why don’t you go out there and see somebody? That’s exactly what happened in the game yesterday. Bryce and Hunter went out there, they were a few punches, they landed one apiece, I believe. And then Samardzija comes out of left field and smashes into Morse. I’m pretty sure Harper was lucky that they collided, because Samardzija was coming in to do some damage. Arrieta elaborated further: If two guys want to go see each other, let them be in the middle, let them throw some punches, then break it up. I don’t like to see any sucker punches. I do think in the heat of battle if you’re getting hit on the hip with 98, then you should be able to go out and see somebody. I think the umpires handled it well. They let them exchange for a moment, then they tried to break it up. What I don’t like to see is a lot of chirping and guys just talking crap to each other. If you got something wrong with a guy, go see him. And then they’ll break it up and continue to play the game. One of the most interesting aspects of the brawl between the Nats and the Giants was the fact that Giants catcher Buster Posey didn’t try to stop, or interfere with Harper as he ran out to fight his pitcher. Arrieta liked how Posey handled the situation and hoped his catchers would do the same: If it’s my catcher, I want him to wait and give me an opportunity to do a little damage. I don’t want it broken up right away. If it happens, I’ll let you know. I’ll be ready. You know, I like my chances toe to toe with just about anybody. I know Willson (Contreras) would probably beat whoever charges the mound to the mound, but I’ll tell him and Miggy (Montero) ‘Hey, give me 10, 15 seconds to get some work in and then come out and see me.’ Hardball Talk’s Bill Baer took exception to Arrieta’s perspective on the fight: Unfortunately, Arrieta is wrong for championing continued violence in baseball. Eventually, someone is going to be seriously hurt or killed because a baseball man had his feelings hurt. It’s not good for the game, especially if a star like Harper is involved and gets injured either by the pitch or by joining the fracas. It’s not good for kids watching, who learn that violence is an acceptable response to a perceived slight. It’s great for sportswriters, though, who get something to talk about for a couple days. So, uh, thanks, I guess. The only thing at risk of being killed during this brawl was the art of proper punch throwing. The art of throwing a helmet also took a hit, given that Bryce Harper stood directly in front of Strickland and yet, somehow, threw his helmet perpendicular to him. As for “the kids,” baseball has embraced violence as an acceptable response to perceived slights for over a hundred years. If baseball hasn’t ruined the youth of America yet, chances are it won’t. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
14236,How to Solve the Illegal Immigration Problem,"  
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s recent speech on immigration really missed the point. I understand Trump’s frustration over the US government’s inability to control the US borders and keep out those who would come to this country illegally. Trump was right that the media ignore legitimate questions we have on our immigration policy and he is right that special interests have a great interest in maintaining the status quo. 
However when it comes to really solving the immigration problem he gets it all wrong. And instead of making us more free and prosperous, his solutions will accelerate our downward slide toward authoritarianism. 
First let’s consider his idea of building a big wall between the US and Mexico. It is said that all one needs to get over an eight foot fence is a nine foot ladder. Or perhaps a shovel. So walls are never very good at keeping people out. But they are very good at keeping people in. Just ask the East Germans. The communist government claimed in 1961 that it had to build a wall around the portion of Berlin it controlled to keep the population safe from the evil capitalist wreckers and saboteurs. It didn’t take long for the world to realize that the real threat to the East German leaders was that the people trapped in East Berlin would try to get out. We have all seen the horrific videos of East German civilians risking – and losing – their lives to escape that prison of razor wire and cinder block. 
Is this really what we want for our own future? 
What a wild conspiracy theory, some may claim. The wall would never be meant to keep us from leaving. Well ask the IRS. Under a tax enforcement provision passed in 2015, the US government claimed the right to cancel any American citizen’s passport if Washington claims it is owed money. 
Trump also made E-Verify the center of his immigration speech. He said, “We will ensure that E-Verify is used to the fullest extent possible under existing law, and we will work with Congress to strengthen and expand its use across the country.” 
While preventing those here illegally from being able to gain employment may appeal to many who would like to protect American jobs, E-Verify is the worst possible solution. It is a police state non-solution, as it would require the rest of us legal American citizens to carry a biometric national ID card connected to a government database to prove that the government allows us to work. A false positive would result in financial disaster for millions of American families, as one would be forced to fight a faceless government bureaucracy to correct the mistake. Want to put TSA in charge of deciding if you are eligible to work? 
The battle against illegal immigration is a ploy to gain more control over our lives. We are supposed to be terrified of the hoards of Mexicans streaming into our country and thus grant the government new authority over the rest of us. But in fact a Pew study found that between 2009 and 2014 there was a net loss of 140,000 Mexican immigrants from the United States. Yes, this is a government “solution” in search of a real problem. 
How to tackle the real immigration problem? Eliminate incentives for those who would come here to live off the rest of us, and make it easier and more rational for those who wish to come here legally to contribute to our economy. No walls, no government databases, no biometric national ID cards. But not a penny in welfare for immigrants. It’s really that simple.",0
14237,"Maher: Maddow’s Tax Story Was ’Worse Than a Nothingburger,’ ’This Is Getting Played’ - Breitbart","On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that MSNBC host Rachel Maddow’s Trump tax return story was “worse than a nothingburger, it was a help Trump burger. ”  Maher said, “I’m a big fan of Rachel Maddow. I want her on the air. ” He added that the tax return story “turned out to be a big nothingburger, worse than a nothingburger, it was a help Trump burger. ” Maher further stated that the amount of taxes Trump paid is “well within respectful. This is probably the best tax return he’s ever filed, which makes me think this came from Donald Trump.   …     This is getting played. ” Maher concluded, “[L]et’s not weaponize Rachel Maddow. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
14238,Comment on AT&T Secret Spy Program Unveiled: Project Hemisphere by lloyd Lisco,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Ryan Banister 
Project Hemisphere, a secretive program developed by AT&T, searches trillions of call records in order to analyze cell phone data, spying on the activity of private individuals in order to identify who they are speaking with and why, as well as GPS tracking on the location of each individual connected to the call, and it transmits this information to the Department of Justice (DOJ). 
In 2013, Project Hemisphere was shown in a Powerpoint presentation produced by the Drug Enforcement Administration. The New York Times reported this as a partnership between AT&T and the DOJ, primarily deployed for drug-enforcement task-forces. All information collected in this program is accessible to the federal agencies authorized by the DOJ. 
AT&T specifically developed and marketed this product for use by the DOJ, who would promise hundreds of millions in funds on behalf of taxpayers, using the taxpayers’ own money to spy on their every move. This is an invasion of privacy without a warrant. This is a federal spy program by proxy, working through corporations. 
AT&T promises law enforcement that it will not disclose Project Hemisphere’s involvement in active investigations that are made public. AT&T is is attempting to lower liability for their customer and limit scrutiny to information transmitted to federal agencies through their network. 
While it should not be surprising that your cell phone company is working with bureaucrats to collect incriminating evidence on you, there is a staggering number of people who still carelessly use their cell phone as if the information being transmitted through the device will be kept private. 
News flash! It’s never been private. They have always wanted to use your information as a product to sell to the highest bidder. Your data is their product, and you are paying them to take it from you. 
Video Report: 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
14239,Employee Emailed Veterans’ Personal Data to Himself,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Employee Emailed Veterans’ Personal Data to Himself By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 11, 2016 VA 
By dan elliott 
The Department of Veterans Affairs has warned more than 2,100 veterans in Eastern Colorado and parts of Kansas that their personal information may have been compromised when an employee emailed documents to himself. 
An agency employee told The Associated Press that he is the person who emailed the information to himself, describing it as unauthorized wait lists used by VA health care facilities in Colorado. The employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he fears retaliation, said he wanted to document the lists because they could have been used to conceal lengthy delays in providing care. 
In Wednesday’s warning to veterans, the VA said the potentially compromised information included veterans’ full names, the last four digits of their Social Security numbers and medical diagnoses. The agency said the employee emailed it to himself in unencrypted form. 
Read the Full Article at abcnews.go.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 11, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans , Veterans Affairs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
14240,Iowa Berniecrat Chris Schwartz Claims That His House Was Vandalized By Christians,"  Iowa Berniecrat Chris Schwartz Claims That His House Was Vandalized By Christians Iowa Berniecrat Chris Schwartz Claims That His House Was Vandalized By Christians October 29, 2016, 8:38 am by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Vandalized sign posted by Chris Schwartz on Facebook 
Iowan Chris Schwartz has alleged that vandalism found at his property on Thursday is the work of citizens influenced by “hateful rhetoric” of a Christian patriot group who vocally opposes his run for a seat on the Black Hawk County Board of Supervisors. 
Chris Schwartz is a socialist running as a democrat in Black Hawk County, Iowa. He is endorsed by Bernie Sanders’ organization “ Our Revolution ” and is the state director of Americans for Democratic Action (ADA), an organization revealed as being used by communists to influence Democratic policy by former communist Marvin Treiger in Trevor Loudon’s film, the “ Enemies Within .” 
Chris Schwartz was described at The Nation in 2007 as “a recent graduate of the University of Northern Iowa and one of CAN’s vocal leaders.” CAN is the Campus Antiwar Network , which is “widely perceived to have been dominated by students from the ISO.” 
ISO stands for the International Socialist Organization , a Trotskyist, communist group. ISO is notorious for supporting the Palestinian and Arab causes in the Middle East and led many militant protests against America’s war effort in Iraq. Additionally, virtually all leaders of the now-defunct CAN were members of ISO. In line with ISO policy, Schwartz was involved in anti-Israel activities and led an anti-Iraq war rally in support of Cindy Sheehan, who became a vocal critic of the Iraq war after her son was killed during his service in Iraq. 
ISO’s website, SocialistWorker.org has quoted Chris Schwartz here and here . 
An insight into Chris Schwartz’s anti-business, pro-government mentality is revealed in this 2011 blog post by Paul Deaton at the self-described “online information resource for Iowa’s progressive community:” 
“To wrap up the speakers, Chris Schwartz of Working Families Win, Iowa spoke, with a list of grievances about the government. He touched on the South Korea, Columbia and Panama free trade agreements and on building an “infrastructure bank.” He opined that GMAC, a major employer in Waterloo, “is a corrupt company,” and that the electrical grid “can’t handle new technologies.” He asserted many opinions, the most evident of which was that “government should put people back to work.” Not once did he mention private companies in a favorable light. Some in the audience believe that government should not be the primary driver in putting people back to work. Schwartz had a different opinion.”",0
14241,"After Mastectomies, an Unexpected Blow: Numb New Breasts - The New York Times","After learning she had a high genetic risk for breast cancer, Dane’e McCree, like a growing number of women, decided to have her breasts removed. Her doctor assured her that reconstructive surgery would spare her nipples and leave her with   breasts. It did. But while Ms. McCree’s rebuilt chest may resemble natural breasts, it is now completely numb. Her nipples lack any feeling. She cannot sense the slightest touch of her breasts, perceive warmth or cold, feel an itch if she has a rash or pain if she bangs into a door. And no one warned her. “I can’t even feel it when my kids hug me,” said Ms. McCree, 31, a store manager in Grand Junction, Colo. who is raising two daughters on her own. Plastic surgeons performed more than 106, 000 breast reconstructions in 2015, up 35 percent from 2000. And they have embraced   techniques to improve the appearance of reconstructed breasts and give them a more natural “look and feel”  —   using a woman’s belly fat to create the new breast, sparing the nipple, minimizing scarring with creative incisions and offering enhancements like larger, firmer lifted breasts. Doctors often promise patients that their reconstructed breasts will look even better than the breasts they had before. But they often describe the potential consequences of the surgery in ambiguous terms. Women say the fact that sensation and sexual arousal will not be restored is not made clear. The main problem is using the word “feel,” said Dr. Clara Lee, an associate professor of plastic surgery at Ohio State University who does reconstructive breast surgery. Surgeons who use a woman’s own tissue to recreate a breast might tell the patient that it will “feel” like a natural breast, referring to how it feels to someone else, not the woman. “We don’t always mean what’s important to the patient,” Dr. Lee said. “Our focus has been on what women look like,” said Dr. Andrea L. Pusic, a plastic surgeon at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center who specializes in breast reconstruction and studies patients’ quality of life after breast surgery. “What it feels like to the woman has been a kind of blind spot in breast surgery. That’s the next frontier. ” The focus on how breasts look and feel to other people, rather than how they feel to the patient, speaks to the fact that women are still largely judged by their appearance, said Victoria   a professor and the head of feminist, gender and sexuality studies at Wesleyan University. “There’s such a strong cultural gaze at women’s breasts,” Dr.   said. “It does raise the question: Who is breast reconstruction for?” Adding to the confusion has been the excitement over surgical innovations, particularly “ ” mastectomies. During a traditional mastectomy, doctors remove the nipple and scoop out breast tissue, causing considerable nerve damage. But now, in certain cases, the nipple can be spared, raising hopes that some feeling will be preserved. The actress Angelina Jolie wrote about her   preventive double mastectomy in a New York Times   in 2013, inspiring other women at high risk of breast cancer to have their breasts removed. But the   surgery has yet to fulfill its promise, and in most cases, sensation is not restored. For many women, the loss of sensation in their breasts can be devastating. “No one said, ‘You will not have sexual arousal in your chest again,’” Ms. McCree said. “I thought that because I was able to keep my nipples and the blood supply, I’d keep my feeling. ” Eve Wallinga, 60, a cancer survivor from St. Cloud, Minn. said many women who choose   mastectomies believe that reconstructive surgery will make them “whole” again and are not told that the sensation lost during the surgery is unlikely to come back. “They go into it thinking everything will be the same when they come out  —   they’ll just have   stuffing in their breasts,” Ms. Wallinga said. “Some are very angry and upset, and say, ‘Why wasn’t I told?’ They feel very betrayed. ” The lack of sensation is potentially dangerous. Women who have had mastectomies and reconstruction surgery have sustained severe burns on their breasts from heating pads, hair dryers, curling irons, sunbathing and overly hot showers. Several women interviewed recounted times when they had not realized a bra was cutting into their skin until they saw blood. Many described embarrassing “wardrobe malfunctions,” when a bathing suit or   shifted to reveal part of their breast without their knowing because they did not feel the air on their exposed skin. A doctor recalled a patient who had burned herself while draining hot pasta for dinner she did not realize she was hurt until she saw red marks on her skin in the shower several hours later. Some women described losing the sense of the position of their breasts. “It’s not just about the sexual arousal, it’s the awkwardness,” said Cathy Balsamo of Berkeley Heights, N. J. “You can’t figure out your space  —   almost like you’re bigger than you really are. It’s a bizarre feeling. ” She added, “When I put on a sports bra, I have to look in the mirror and focus on the breasts to make sure they’re in the pocket where they belong. ” Nerve damage during mastectomies can create   pain syndrome. Some women experience tingling sensations, and others have debilitating pain. Patients say physicians minimize the condition, even though it is fairly common, affecting anywhere from 25 percent to 60 percent of mastectomy patients, according to published studies. Michelle Lamon Romero, 45, of East Longmeadow, Mass. said she had been incapacitated by pain since having a double mastectomy two years ago. She lost her job and now relies on a cocktail of five drugs to keep the pain at a manageable level. “The surface of the skin is numb  —   if you run a needle over it, I can’t feel it,” Ms. Romero said. “But I can feel the pain underneath just radiating everywhere. ” She added that her plastic surgeon had told her that she was an anomaly and that “this isn’t real, it’s all in your head. ” Other patients Ms. Romero has met through Facebook have had the same experience. “So many women who join are just relieved to know they’re not alone,” Ms. Romero said. “They all start out the same way: ‘My doctor told me I was crazy. ’” Most surgeons agree that the best chance for sensory restoration after a mastectomy is a procedure that uses a woman’s own body tissue rather than an implant because nerves have a better chance of regenerating in natural tissue. The procedure has produced modest results. If sensation returns, it is usually limited to the perception of pressure, without improved sensation related to touch, temperature or sexual arousal. “It’s a shadow of the degree of sensation that people had before,” said Dr. Edwin G. Wilkins, a plastic surgeon at the University of Michigan who is running a large study on reconstruction outcomes and complications with Dr. Pusic. “It’s a poor substitute. ” Dr. Aldona J. Spiegel, a plastic surgeon in Houston who has pioneered techniques to reconnect nerves in the breast and restore sensation, said the procedure remained promising. “I tell patients that if I am able to reconnect nerves in the reconstructed breast, it will improve the sensation. But I never tell them it will be normal,” Dr. Spiegel said. She added that many of her patients had shown “very significant improvement. ” One of her patients, Karen Holt, 65, a retired principal from Houston, had her left breast removed and reconstructed from her own tissue 14 years ago. Ms. Holt knows she’s unusual, she said, but claims she has “just about as much erogenous sensation in the left breast as in the right. ” But doctors say such results are rare. “You don’t want to give people false hope,” said Dr. Frank J. DellaCroce, a plastic surgeon and a founder of the Center for Restorative Breast Surgery in New Orleans. Restoring sensation is “one of those things that’s regarded as the holy grail of breast reconstruction,” he said. “But no one has shown in any scientific article to date that we’re able to return sensation in any reliable way. ” Dr. Christine Laronga, a breast oncologist at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Fla. said she tried to make clear to patients that feeling would not be restored after reconstruction, telling them, “It may look like a breast, but it won’t feel like a breast. ” While doctors agree on the need for a mastectomy procedure that spares nerves, they note that the goal of the surgery is to make sure the cancer is gone. There is also a risk that efforts to restore sensation will trigger a pain syndrome. “It’s a very tricky area,” said Dr. Ida K. Fox, a plastic surgeon at Washington University in St. Louis who specializes in breast and hand surgery. “You don’t want to restore sensation and give someone chronic pain. ” Ms. Balsamo, 50, who had a double mastectomy after testing positive for a genetic mutation that increases breast cancer risk, said she did not regret the surgery, but wished she had been better informed. “I just wish I had known,” Ms. Balsamo said. “They said there’s going to be a difference in the sensation  —   not that there wouldn’t be any. Before you go in, shouldn’t you know the facts?”",0
14242,Quiz: How Many Of These Home Remedies For A Cold Have You Tried?,"1. Check off all the home remedies for a cold you have tried: Keeping your eyes closed while you raise both eyebrows and moan. Dunking your head in a boiling-hot toilet. Sneezing into a glass of bleach, then re-inhaling all the dead germs. Touching Plymouth Rock. Having a healthy person whisper the words “goodbye sickness” directly into your nasal passage. Pinching off your organs until you isolate the one that’s causing the cold, then permanently tying it off. Hot bowl of quarters. Trading in gold for cash. Dedicating your life to Christ. Trusty, job-creating coal. Eating an entire loaf of bread. Sitting down for a little while longer. Laying a warm washcloth on your bumper and driving south. Get results Results for How Many Of These Home Remedies For A Cold Have You Tried? You Have Tried All Of The Known Home Remedies For A Cold! The good news is that you have tried all the home remedies for a cold. The bad news is that it sounds like none of them worked, and if that's true, then there can be no two ways about it: You are going to die of this cold. Rough luck! Share Your Results",0
14243,U.S. Blocks Syrian Rescue Worker From Attending the Oscars - The New York Times,"Khaled Khatib, a Syrian rescue worker who served as a cinematographer on the   documentary short “The White Helmets,” has been barred by American officials from traveling to Los Angeles for Sunday’s Academy Awards ceremony, according to the Associated Press. The AP reported that the Department of Homeland Security blocked Mr. Khatib after discovering “derogatory information” about him. Mr. Khatib had planned to fly from Istanbul to Los Angeles on Saturday. The AP said he had been detained earlier in the week by Turkish officials for undisclosed reasons, and that he needed a passport waiver to travel to the United States, which was denied. Raed Saleh, the leader of the White Helmets, was also to attend the Oscars there was no indication that his plans were upended. Mr. Khatib had planned to attend the ceremony after the Trump administration’s travel ban was lifted. The ban had halted or slowed travel from seven   countries, including Syria, but it was frozen by the courts. A member of the White Helmets, a group that searches for survivors in the rubble of   buildings, Mr. Khatib also filmed the group’s rescue efforts for the   film, which was made for Netflix and directed by Orlando von Einsiedel. In an interview with The Times earlier this month, Mr. Khatib said he hoped his appearance at the Oscars would convey the urgent message of the movie, and pressure President Bashar  ’s regime and the Russian government to stop bombing Syrian civilians. Representatives for the filmmakers and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences did not immediately respond to requests for comment.",0
14244,Why Do You Want a Pet? Can You Afford It? - The New York Times,"Americans love their pets.   of all households in the United States have at least one. That includes 86 million cats and 78 million dogs, according to the American Pet Products Association, and the total climbs to 310 million when you include all the birds, fish, small animals, horses and reptiles. But suppose you are in the minority. Should you get a pet? Here’s a checklist. Philip Tedeschi, the executive director of the Institute for   Connection at the University of Denver, said the motives for getting a pet could be complex. If you don’t fully understand the reasons, that can lead to problems. For instance, a   owner driven by profound loneliness or isolation might be incapable of evaluating whether the pet is being treated properly. Owners have to be aware of their pet’s social and emotional needs. Otherwise the animal might behave in an antisocial or   way. “The old adage that you have to love yourself to love someone else or that you need to be healthy to be in a healthy relationship can apply to our relationships with animals,” he said. The average cost of veterinary care per household in 2011 was $375, according to the American Veterinary Medical Association. Consider, too, the costs of unforeseen illnesses or injuries and the need for extra care. Add food, boarding, grooming and toys, and you can expect to tack on several hundred dollars more a year in expenses. When it comes to adopting a dog or a cat, “you will probably have this pet longer than your car, your job and possibly even longer than your current relationship,” said Arden Moore, who hosts “Oh Behave,” a podcast on Pet Life Radio. • Is anyone at home allergic to animals? • How tolerant are you about shedding, dander and pet messes? How much do you value an immaculate home? • Are there children at home? If so, how old are they? Will they be compatible with a pet? • Where will you get your pet? People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals recommends rescuing stray animals or adopting from a shelter. • Do you live in an apartment or a house? Can you provide the amount of space that a pet will need to be comfortable? • Do you have friends, neighbors or relatives who could look after your pet while you are away? • Would your lifestyle and work schedule allow you adequate time to interact with your pet? Do you travel often?",0
14245,Vice Media to Begin Nightly HBO News Program on Sept. 26 - The New York Times,"Vice Media announced on Tuesday that it will begin broadcasting its daily HBO   newscast on Sept. 26. The show, called “Vice News Tonight,” will run weeknights for 48 weeks a year. Josh Tyrangiel, who was previously the editor of Bloomberg Businessweek and chief content officer for Bloomberg Media, was hired by Vice last October to oversee the show. The daily show is part of Vice’s broader ambitions to make its programming available across the media spectrum. The company, which started as a free punk magazine in Montreal in 1994, introduced its own cable channel, called Viceland, this year. It is not clear what size audience the channel attracts, but Vice plans to release ratings for it next month. Vice recently announced an agreement with ESPN to produce and distribute films and other programs. In the last several years, the company has raised hundreds of millions of dollars in financing and signed deals with major media companies including Rogers Communications, a Canadian media conglomerate. It has also pushed to expand its presence internationally, announcing multiplatform deals with the Times of India Group and the Moby Group, a Middle Eastern media group. Vice already produces a weekly newsmagazine show for HBO, called “Vice,” which began in 2013. In a statement, Mr. Tyrangiel said he wanted to make broadcast news more appealing to young viewers. “We’re going to have to earn people’s time and attention with great reporting and original forms of storytelling,” he said. Plans for “Vice News Tonight’’ were first announced in March 2015. At the time, Richard Plepler, chief executive of HBO, said the show would debut that year. A spokesman for Vice Media said in an email that the show was “on schedule. ” Vice has been on an aggressive hiring push in the last year, snapping up dozens of journalists from news organizations including MSNBC, the BBC, The Guardian and The New York Times. Along with Mr. Tyrangiel, the company has hired Nellie Bowles, a technology reporter from The Guardian, and Madeleine Haeringer, an executive producer at MSNBC and veteran of NBC News. Vice promoted Mr. Tyrangiel in May to run all of the company’s news operations as part of a reorganization of the division. It also laid off roughly a dozen employees.",0
14246,Planned Parenthood #PinkOut: ‘Turn the Whole Internet Planned Parenthood Pink’,"The nation’s largest abortion business is hoping to “turn the whole internet Planned Parenthood pink” on Wednesday so its supporters can “feel the groundswell of support from our movement. ”[Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA) is asking its supporters to wear pink clothing, to #PinkOut their profile photos on Facebook and Twitter with a special image filter, to take a special “I Stand with Planned Parenthood” pledge, and to “join the Thunderclap” on social media.  “Now that we’ve stopped the immediate attack on patients’ access to care at Planned Parenthood health centers, it’s time to regroup and start building towards our vision for the future  —   one that truly invests in reproductive health,” PPFA says. The group is celebrating the failed GOP American Health Care Act (AHCA) which did not fully repeal Obamacare and which also contained a provision to defund the abortion giant for one year. Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie (R) who changed his vote against the AHCA from “No” to “Hell No,” also emphasized the   nature of the provision to defund Planned Parenthood: I take it GOP leadership still hasn’t told Trump the PP provision was a 1yr bait and switch?  See page 23 of CBO https:  .  https:  .   —   Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) March 26, 2017,  Planned Parenthood’s “#PinkOut” day comes as undercover journalists at the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) reveal a video allegedly showing Dr. DeShawn Taylor, a Planned Parenthood abortionist, complaining about having to transfer a   aborted baby with signs of life to the hospital in Arizona, a state she describes as “conservative. ” When journalists asked her if there is “any standard procedure for verifying signs of life?” Taylor responds by saying, “The key is you need to pay attention to who’s in the room, right?” In 2015, CMP began its series of videos that ultimately led to allegations that Planned Parenthood and its partners in the biotech field worked to sell the harvested body parts of aborted babies for a profit. “The only difference between Planned Parenthood’s barbaric abortion business, and that of the notorious Dr. Kermit Gosnell, is that Gosnell was not so careful as to ‘pay attention to who’s in the room,’” CMP project lead David Daleiden says. “Elected officials must stop forcing taxpayers to subsidize Planned Parenthood’s criminal abortion business, and the Department of Justice must immediately open a full investigation and prosecute Planned Parenthood to the fullest extent of the law. ”",0
14247,Rollie Smoker Treats Himself To Pack Of Real Fags,"0 Add Comment 
“IT’S like a little present to myself,” said Waterford man Kenneth Muldoon, unwrapping a pack of Marlboro cigarettes like a child on Christmas morning. 
Muldoon, 23, is a regular smoker but is limited to smoking hand-rolled cigarettes due to also being too broke to afford ‘real fags’, most all the time. 
Resorting to ‘making do’ with rollies that look like the inside of a bookie’s pen, Muldoon splashes out on proper cigarettes every four weeks or so, or whenever he has a spare tenner in his pocket or if he just feels that his lungs are due ‘a treat’. 
“Rollies are alright, but it’s like putting together a Kinder Surprise toy every time you want a smoke,” explains Muldoon. 
“And they’re a nightmare when you’ve a few pints on board, trying to put together a cigarette like Lego with a filter stuck in the corner of your mouth while you get bumped by people from all sides. So it’s nice to just open a pack and boom; there’s a smoke waiting for you. Open it again, there’s another! And another and another! It’s just the most magical experience in the world”. 
Muldoon also states that real cigarettes seem healthier, and are basically good for you if you smoke enough of them.",0
14248,Trump University Suit Settlement Approved by Judge - The New York Times,"A federal judge on Friday gave final approval to a $25 million agreement to settle fraud claims arising from Donald J. Trump’s   education venture, Trump University, rejecting a   objection to the deal. The judge, Gonzalo P. Curiel, in San Diego, issued his order after considering a challenge from Sherri Simpson, a former Trump University student from Fort Lauderdale, Fla. whose lawyers say she should have had a chance to opt out of the   settlement and individually sue President Trump, perhaps forcing a trial. The civil settlement was not enough for Ms. Simpson, who wanted to see Mr. Trump tried on criminal racketeering charges. She also wanted an apology. But Judge Curiel, in his ruling, sided with the   plaintiffs’ lawyers, who had urged him to approve the agreement, saying it was the best possible outcome for roughly 3, 730 students. They could recoup more than 90 cents on the dollar of what they spent at Trump University. “The court finds that the amount offered in settlement is fair, adequate, and reasonable, and accordingly concludes that this factor weighs in favor of final approval,” wrote Judge Curiel, who approved the agreement and dismissed the objection in a   order. It is subject to appeal. The approval of the settlement, assuming it stands, brings to a close a case that garnered outsize national attention during Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign. He faced two suits in California and one in New York brought by Eric T. Schneiderman, the state attorney general. The suits contended that Trump University students had been cheated out of thousands of dollars in tuition through   sales techniques and false claims about what they would learn. Mr. Trump and his lawyers continued to deny those claims, even after the settlement was first announced in November, soon after his election. Mr. Schneiderman, in a statement, said the settlement would provide “relief  —   and hopefully   closure  —   to the victims of Donald Trump’s fraudulent university. ” The plaintiff’s lawyers  —   who said they would waive their fees after years of litigating the case  —   applauded the decision, with one of them, Jason Forge, saying in an interview that it would be “bulletproof” if appealed. Mr. Forge said he was satisfied that former students, some of them elderly, would receive sizable payments as a result of the deal. “Once in a long while, this profession yields some good feelings,” he said. “This is one of those times. ” As they pushed for approval of the settlement, the plaintiffs’ lawyers said that the objection could cause delays in settlement checks being distributed or disrupt the deal by exposing Mr. Trump to individual lawsuits from former students like Ms. Simpson. “What she is looking for is an apology, and you can’t get that,” Patrick Coughlin, another of the plaintiffs’ lawyers, said at a court hearing on Thursday. Ms. Simpson’s lawyer, Gary Friedman, argued in court on Thursday that it was “not fair” for the case to reach “the point of settlement and say, ‘We’re not giving you the chance to opt out. ’” When Judge Curiel reiterated during the hearing that a jury trial could lead to less favorable results, Mr. Friedman said, “That is a risk analysis that Sherri Simpson has the right to make. ” It is unclear if Ms. Simpson will appeal, and Mr. Friedman did not return messages seeking comment. In a court filing last week, Mr. Trump’s lawyers asked the judge to give final approval to the settlement. Mr. Trump was motivated to agree to the sweeping deal because it would resolve the claims and avoid trial. His lawyers did not respond to request for comment. Mr. Trump rebutted the fraud claims during his presidential bid, at one point questioning Judge Curiel’s impartiality based on his Mexican heritage. He pointed to positive reviews of the program and vowed to reopen the university after what he said would be a victory at trial. His political opponents seized on the allegations, and angry former students  —   including Ms. Simpson  —   spoke out, painting Mr. Trump as a huckster who had conned ordinary people for personal profit. After his election in November, Mr. Trump reversed course and agreed to pay $25 million to resolve the litigation. He did not admit fault, and he maintained in posts on Twitter after the settlement announcement that he “did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. ” The case was scheduled to go to trial late last year, setting up a situation in which Mr. Trump would have probably had to testify during his transition to the White House. At trial, Mr. Trump would have faced reams of evidence about the business practices of Trump University. Dozens of students and instructors wrote sworn statements describing their experiences, with some calling it a fraud or describing how they were taken advantage of. Other materials, among them sales playbooks, described a technique that used “the roller coaster of emotions” to persuade students to pay for courses costing as much as $35, 000 for the “Gold Elite” program. The plaintiffs’ lawyers were surprised and disappointed that Ms. Simpson objected to the settlement, fearing that it would delay payments to other students for months, if not years. Judge Curiel, who has overseen the case for the last four years, said at the hearing Thursday that the amount of money the plaintiffs would recover in the settlement was “extraordinary. ” He said there would be significant hurdles to reaching a similar settlement during a trial. Ms. Simpson’s lawyers argued that a 2015 notice to students about the   case gave the impression that they would have an opportunity to be excluded from a settlement at a later date. The   lawyers say that it was abundantly clear that students were required to opt out in 2015, and that Ms. Simpson’s lawyers mischaracterized the notice. Judge Curiel wrote in his decision that t there is “no blanket rule that due process requires a     opportunity. ” In 2010, Ms. Simpson, who is a lawyer herself, spent about $19, 000 on Trump University programs. After the agreement was announced, she submitted a claim to partake in the settlement, before filing the objection. In an interview earlier this week, Ms. Simpson said she hoped her objection would not “blow up the settlement. ” But she said she believed she could fare better at trial. “For him to go out there and say, well, ‘I didn’t do anything wrong,’ it’s disgusting,” she said. “I want an apology. ”",0
14249,RT’s Bank Accounts Closed – It’s Nothing to Do With Syria | New Eastern Outlook,"Region: Russia in the World As the world now knows, British bank NatWest, part of the Royal Bank of Scotland group, has told Russian media outlet RT that it should take its business elsewhere. Initially it was reported that the bank had “frozen” RT’s accounts, meaning it had impounded the money, but it now says that the accounts have merely been closed, meaning that RT can withdraw its money – provided it then takes it to another bank . NatWest, and the rest of the Royal Bank of Scotland group, are effectively owned by the British government, which acquired the majority share in 2008 to prevent it collapsing. As RT is also state-owned, it has been inferred that this is another form of sanction. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson denies this, but he also denies several of his chidren, several parts of his ancestry and practically everything else he has ever written or been recorded saying. It has also been suggested that this move, which came without warning, was connected with potential fines against the bank for holding money considered “dirty” by association with Russia – though the government fining itself to pay itself seems unlikely. It may therefore be simply a publicity stunt – the UK has to be seen to be acting against Russia as part of the sanctions regime, and may be perfectly happy for RT to take its business to a private UK bank, or even another publicly-owned one, having done its bit of public posturing. However the real reason for this move is not sanctions against the Russian state. It is because a seemingly unimportant event has the potential to shake the foundations of the United Kingdom – and those in the corridors of power have just woken up to it. The closing of RT’s accounts, if it finally happens, may simply be a symbolic gesture, but it may be the precursor to a more serious crisis, which no one thought they would ever see again. The subtext beneath the subtext From October 15-18 Kyril, Patriarch of Moscow, visited the United Kingdom. There is a growing Orthodox diaspora in the UK, as there is in all Western countries, and also a small but well-established British-born Orthodox community and a number of majority British, English-language parishes . However Orthodoxy is still a very small religion there – though figures are hard to come by, no more than 7 % o f the population would curently identify themselves as Orthodox, despite the large Greek Cypriot community which owns the plurality of the UK’s Orthodox churches. The Church of England adheres to a doctrine called Branch Theory – the idea that various different Christian “denominations”, as they call them, are branches of the same basic church. Consequently religious leaders in general are treated with respect, even if people greatly disagree with their faith. When Pope John Paul II visited the UK in 1982 he was treated as a pop star, despite a few insignificant protests by Protestant or far-right groups. No particular fuss is made when leaders of other faiths enter the country from abroad, despite the hysteria surrounding so-called “Muslim hate preachers” who are no more radical than the Bible-bashers who have the greatest objection to them. But how was Patriarch Kyril treated? With respect by those who met him – but not by the media or the political class. When Archbishop Makarios, who had been a politician in public office contrary to the Canons of the Church, visited the UK in the 1970s he was shown entering churches and attracting crowds who cheered him so hard they damaged the buildings. Patriarch Kyril was presented as an apologist for Vladimir Putin and Russia’s alleged actions in Syria, who had been sent on a propaganda mission . The Patriarch was not in the UK to talk politics, and there is no suggestion that he actually did so. The focus of his visit was to finally consecrate the Russian cathedral at Ennismore Gardens, London, a former Anglican church which the Russian church has been using since the 1950s. But the thing which most upset certain commentators was the fact that he was due to have an audience with the Queen, as visiting dignitaries usually do . The implication of the widespread concern about the Queen agreeing to this private meeting was that she was sympathetic to Russia’s position on Syria. The UK has a constitutional monarchy, and consequently the Queen does not dictate government policy. If the Queen has a personal position on anything she will only make it public if she feels her government is making a serious error and will not listen to reason – which has happened only once during her 64-year reign, when she famously let it be known that she felt Margaret Thatcher’s policies were damaging the social fabric of the country. So why should the press and politicians be so outraged about the possibility of Patriarch Kyril giving the Queen opinions she can read on the internet, or in some of the hundreds of letters she receives daily from disgruntled citizens? Because they are trying to disguise the real reason for their fear. It has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with the Orthodox Church, which happens to be the majority religion in Russia. No one minds ordinary citizens taking an interest in Orthodoxy. But the Royal Family? That’s a different question entirely. The invisible heart of the state The Queen is not only a monarch but the head of the Church of England. Though it seems anomalous to others that a church is run by a secular ruler, who could not even be ordained a bishop in that church if she wanted to, this is the way it has been since Henry VIII broke with Rome in 1534 so he could get a divorce. The state that became the UK was built on the Anglican faith and the political assumptions that went with that, despite the non-Anglican majorities in Scotland, Wales and Ireland. For three hundred and fifty years the “Catholic Powers” were seen as national enemies in the same way the “Iron Curtain” countries were in the second half of the twentieth century. Consequently each member of the Royal Family is also obliged to uphold the primacy of the Church of England, whether they are religious or not. From time to time, this has created problems. The Abdication Crisis of 1936 was caused by the King of England wanting to marry a twice-divorced woman, which the church considered a no-no at the time . Similarly, Tony Blair only announced his conversion to Roman Catholicism after he had resigned as Prime Minister, because the PM is included in the line of succession to the throne, and could be an atheist but not a Papist in that role. The question of whether the Church of England accepts divorce and remarriage – which is not at all clear cut – has reared its head several times in recent years due to the marital problems of the Royal Family. Prince Charles and Princess Anne have divorced and remarried, each time conducting their second marriages outside the Church of England. If Charles does eventually succeed to the throne, the question of whether he can be head of the Church of England whilst divorced and remarried outside it will come back to the forefront. In 1977 a story went round the press that Charles was about to marry Princess Marie Astrid of Luxembourg. According to sources close to the action a marriage had actually been arranged behind the scenes, but did not proceed because the princess refused to give up her Roman Catholic faith, as she would be obliged to do to marry the future king under the Act of Succession of 1701. However Buckingham Palace responded to the reports by saying that Charles didn’t even know the princess, a ridiculous assertion, as all Europe’s royals are related and attend functions where they meet each other. This demonstrates how deep the fear of rocking the constitutional boat by not supporting the C of E runs . The Queen’s husband, Prince Philip, was born and baptised Orthodox, as a Prince of Greece. He renounced his Faith to marry Princess Elizabeth, as she then was, and regularly attends Anglican services with the rest of the family. However it is an open secret that he has returned to Orthodoxy privately. He is known to make very generous donations to Orthodox churches and causes and is a patron of the Institute for Orthodox Christian Studies in Cambridge. Prince Charles also has a longstanding interest in Orthodoxy: amongst other expressions of it, he has refused to join the Freemasons, despite this being expected of members of the British upper class. When the Queen met the Pope on his 1982 visit it caused some comment, but nothing like the controversy provoked by her meeting Patriarch Kyril. If the UK ever started to support Putin’s position on anything it would not be the end of civilization as we know it. If the heir to the throne converted to his father’s ancestral faith, and the link between the state and the Church of England was forcibly broken, it would call the whole political basis of the UK into question. That is a can of worms no one dares open – for which RT is now being made the scapegoat, because no one is prepared to publicly discuss just how big a question this seemingly abstruse point really is. Foreign is the new cancer British banks are entitled to freeze accounts under certain circumstances. If an account contains the proceeds of crime, these can now be impounded by the courts. Similarly it is a criminal offence in the UK, under the Terrorism Act 2000, to provide financial or any other support to terrorists, regardless of what the UK government itself does . Banks are terrified of this law, and interpret it with a strictness which is itself illegal. There have been many instances of ethnic minority commuity organisations being unable to open bank accounts unless they sack their officers and appoint British people, on the grounds that simply by being run by foreigners they might be laundering money for terrorists. So if there is any hint of impropriety about an organisation run by a foreign state, they will naturally review that information to protect themselves. But it is usually the courts who impound the proceeds of crime. The arbitrary closure of RT’s accounts, without explanation, therefore implies that it is being accused of sponsoring terrorism. Theresa May’s response that “ it is for them [the bank] to decide who they offer services to based on their own risk appetite ” suggests that this is exactly what the government wants to accuse it of. Who said anything about risk being the reason, and how does the government know about the decisions the bank makes on individual acco u nts and the reasons for them? So the assumption that this is about Syria suits the narrative we have heard to date. But if so, why now? Has the bank only just become nervous of being fined by its own owners? Is it only now aware of the sanctions regime, or the British government’s position on this conflict? The Church of England, the pillar on which the British state was built, has long had ostensibly good relations with the Orthodox communities in the UK. Many Orthodox parishes worship in former or still-functioning Anglican churches, and successive Archbishops of Canterbury have expressed their respect for Orthodoxy. Until, that is, the Church stops being a weird foreign sect. Then it becomes a threat which has to be dealt with, and always is. In 1988 the head of the Greek Orthodox Church in the UK, Archbishop Methodios, was deposed for “coveting other thrones”, whatever that may mean. It was widely believed that the real reason was because the Church of England objected to him receiving a number of its priests and many ordinary parishioners. He was replaced by Archbishop Gregorios, who began by stating publicly many times that he did not encourage people to convert to the Church he served. A student in Greece wrote a thesis about the deposition of Archbishop Methodios, which the university not only refused to publish but used as an excuse to kick him out of university. The website of the Greek Archdiocese in the UK makes no mention of why Methodios ceased to be bishop, or what he did subsequently, despite the fact he lived another eighteen years as a titular bishop . Now the head of another Orthodox national jurisdiction has visited the UK and been vilified in a way unprecendented for a religious leader since Catholics were allowed back into the country. Rather than being met with protests from angry Britishers, he was received with the traditional courtesy of religious leaders. His potential to destabilise the state does not derive from his connections but from the potential willingness of members of the officially Anglican Royal Family to embrace his Faith. So that Faith must be presented as politically dangerous, its hierarchs as political stooges, to scare people, and their Royal Family, away from it. RT has been inundated with messages of support from UK citizens. Most of these assume that the bank’s decision is politically motivated. Indeed it is – but it is the identity of the UK and its institutions, rather than whether you think Assad is a terrorist, which is the political issue driving it. 
Seth Ferris, investigative journalist and political scientist, expert on Middle Eastern affairs, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ”. Popular Articles ",0
14250,"John Glenn, American Hero of the Space Age, Dies at 95 - The New York Times","John Glenn, a   son of Ohio who was hailed as a national hero and a symbol of the space age as the first American to orbit Earth, then became a national political figure for 24 years in the Senate, died on Thursday in Columbus, Ohio. He was 95. Ohio State University announced his death. Mr. Glenn had recently been hospitalized at the university at the James Cancer Center, though Ohio State officials said at the time that admission there did not necessarily mean he had cancer. He had   replacement surgery in 2014 and a stroke around that time. He had kept an office at the John Glenn College of Public Affairs, which he helped found, and also had a home in Columbus. In just five hours on Feb. 20, 1962, Mr. Glenn joined a select roster of Americans whose feats have seized the country’s imagination and come to embody a moment in its history, figures like Lewis and Clark, the Wright brothers and Charles Lindbergh. To the America of the 1960s, Mr. Glenn was a       Midwesterner, raised in Presbyterian rectitude, nurtured in patriotism and tested in war, who stepped forward to risk the unknown and succeeded spectacularly, lifting his country’s morale and restoring its  . It was an anxious nation that watched and listened that February morning, as Mr. Glenn, 40 years old, a Marine Corps test pilot and one of the seven original American astronauts, climbed into Friendship 7, the tiny Mercury capsule atop an Atlas rocket rising from the concrete flats of Cape Canaveral in Florida. The Cold War had long stoked fears of nuclear destruction, and the Russians seemed to be winning the contest with their unsettling ascent into outer space. Two Russians, Yuri A. Gagarin and Gherman S. Titov, had already orbited Earth the year before, overshadowing the feats of two Americans, Alan B. Shepard and Virgil I. Grissom, who had been launched only to the fringes of space. What, people asked with rising urgency, had happened to the United States’ vaunted technology and   spirit? The answer came at 9:47 a. m. Eastern time, when after weeks of delays the rocket achieved liftoff. It was a short flight, just three orbits. But when Mr. Glenn was safely back, flashing the world a triumphant grin, doubts were replaced by a broad, new faith that the United States could indeed hold its own against the Soviet Union in the Cold War and might someday prevail. No flier since Lindbergh had received such a cheering welcome. Bands played. People cried with relief and joy. Mr. Glenn was invited to the White House by President John F. Kennedy and paraded up Broadway and across the land. A joint meeting of Congress stood and applauded vigorously as Mr. Glenn spoke at the Capitol. In his political history of the space age, “  …    The Heavens and the Earth,” the author Walter A. McDougall described Mr. Glenn’s space mission as a “national catharsis unparalleled. ” “It seemed that he had given Americans back their ” Mr. McDougall added, “and more than that  —   it seemed Americans dared again to hope. ” Mr. Glenn was reluctant to talk about himself as a hero. “I figure I’m the same person who grew up in New Concord, Ohio, and went off through the years to participate in a lot of events of importance,” he said in an interview years later. “What got a lot of attention, I think, was the tenuous times we thought we were living in back in the Cold War. I don’t think it was about me. All this would have happened to anyone who happened to be selected for that flight. ” Mr. Glenn did not return to space for a long time. Kennedy thought him too valuable as a hero to risk losing in an accident. So Mr. Glenn resigned from the astronaut corps in 1964, became an executive in private industry and entered politics, serving four full terms as a Democratic senator from Ohio and in 1984 running unsuccessfully for the Democratic presidential nomination. Finally, 36 years after his Mercury flight, in the last months of his final Senate term, he got his wish for a return to orbit. Despite some criticism that his presence on the mission was a political payoff, a waste of money and of doubtful scientific merit, the hero of yesteryear brought out the crowds again, cheering out of nostalgia and enduring respect as he was launched aboard the space shuttle Discovery on Oct. 29, 1998. At 77, he became the oldest person to go into space. In retirement from the Senate, Mr. Glenn lived with his wife of 73 years, Anna (he always called her Annie) in a suburb of Washington in addition to Columbus. Ohio State University is the repository of papers from his space and political careers. “John always had the right stuff,” President Obama said in a statement on Thursday, “inspiring generations of scientists, engineers and astronauts who will take us to Mars and beyond  —   not just to visit, but to stay. ” John Herschel Glenn Jr. was born on July 18, 1921, in Cambridge, Ohio, the only son of a railroad conductor who also owned a plumbing business, and the former Clara Sproat. A few years later, the Glenns moved to New Concord, a small town in southeastern Ohio with a population of little more than 1, 000. “It was small but had a lot of patriotic feeling and parades on all the national holidays,” Mr. Glenn once said. “Wanting to do something for the country was just natural, growing up in a place like New Concord. ” Like most everyone else there, the Glenns lived through the hard times of the Depression, instilling in their son a rigid moral code based on their own   example and saw him through an   boyhood. He played trumpet, sang in the church choir, washed cars for pocket money and worked as a lifeguard. In high school (now named for him) he was an honor student and lettered in football, basketball and tennis. He still had time to court his high school sweetheart, Anna Margaret Castor, the doctor’s daughter. It did not matter that she stammered she was his girl, and he loved her. They married in April 1943, and he often called her “the real rock of the family. ” From the time they came to public attention, and throughout the turbulence of spaceflight and politics, John and Anna Glenn each seemed the other’s center of gravity. Not until much later did she undergo intensive therapy that virtually cured her stammer, enabling her even to give speeches in public. Mr. Glenn is survived by his wife two children, Carolyn Ann Glenn of St. Paul and John David Glenn of Berkeley, Calif. and two grandsons, Daniel and Zach Glenn. Mr. Glenn began his journey to fame in World War II. In 1939, he enrolled at Muskingum College in his hometown to study chemistry, but he took flying lessons on the side. Shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941, he signed up for the Naval Aviation cadet program and after pilot training opted to join the Marines. As a fighter pilot, he flew 59 combat missions in the Pacific, earning two Distinguished Flying Crosses and other decorations. Mr. Glenn saw more action in the Korean War, flying 90 combat missions and winning more medals. He put his life on the line again as a military test pilot in the early days of supersonic flight. In 1957, just months before the Soviet Union launched its first Sputnik satellite, he made the first transcontinental supersonic flight, piloting an   Crusader from Los Angeles to New York in record time: 3 hours 23 minutes 8. 4 seconds. Then, in 1959, newly promoted to lieutenant colonel, he heeded a call for test pilots to apply to be astronauts for the fledgling National Aeronautics and Space Administration. He and six other pilots were selected in April of that year. (The original Mercury 7 included Mr. Glenn, Mr. Shepard, Mr. Grissom, Walter Schirra, Gordon Cooper, Deke Slayton and M. Scott Carpenter. Mr. Glenn was the last surviving one.) All seven men were eager, competitive and ambitious, but none more so than Mr. Glenn. Tom Miller, a retired Marine general and close friend since they were rookie pilots in World War II, recalled that Mr. Glenn was so determined to be an astronaut that he applied weight to his head to compress his height down to the     maximum for the first astronauts. “He wasn’t going to miss a trick,” Mr. Miller said. “He’d be sitting down reading with a big bunch of books sitting on his head. ” But his determination did not win him the assignment to be the first American astronaut to fly. He had to wait out the suborbital flights by Mr. Shepard and Mr. Grissom in 1961 before his turn came. In his 1999 memoir, written with Nick Taylor, he admitted he was sorely disappointed when Mr. Shepard was tapped for the first flight. As the oldest and most articulate of the astronauts, Mr. Glenn had attracted a big share of the publicity. He said that he had “worked and studied hard dedicating myself to the program” and that he thought he had a “good shot” at being first. In a letter to a NASA official, Mr. Glenn wrote, “I thought I might have been penalized for speaking out for what I thought was the good of the program. ” At this time, as Mr. Glenn often recalled, he never anticipated that his orbital flight would be the one that most excited the public, satisfying the nation’s hunger for a hero. Tom Wolfe wrote of that time in the   1979 book “The Right Stuff,” a phrase for coolness in the face of danger that has passed into the idiom. He described Mr. Glenn as excessively pious, scolding his fellow astronauts about their   escapades while openly lobbying to be the first of them to fly. “He looked like a balding and slightly tougher version of the     country boy you ever saw,” Mr. Wolfe wrote. “He had a snub nose,   eyes,   hair and a terrific smile. ” Mr. Glenn said he liked the book but not the 1983 movie based on it, in which he was portrayed by Ed Harris. “Most of his account was reasonably factual, although I was neither the pious saint nor the other guys the hellions he made them into,” he told Life magazine in 1998. “Hollywood made a charade out of the story and caricatures out of the people in it. ” The 1962 space mission came after two months of one postponement after another, sometimes for mechanical problems, often for bad weather. Once Mr. Glenn had to wait six hours, fully suited, in the cramped Friendship 7 capsule before officials called off the launch. But he projected confidence. “You fear the least what you know the most about,” he said. On the 11th scheduled time, all was “go,” and the rocket lifted off from Pad 14 at Cape Canaveral. “Godspeed, John Glenn,” his fellow astronaut Scott Carpenter said through a microphone at mission control. The flight stopped the nation in its tracks people watched on    television, listened on the radio and prayed. At the end of the first orbit, an automatic control mechanism failed, and Mr. Glenn took over manual control. He would see three sunsets in a brief time. He puzzled for a while about “fireflies” outside his window. NASA later determined that it was his urine and sweat, which was being dumped overboard and turned to frozen crystals glowing in sunlight. A faulty warning light signaled that the capsule heat shield, designed to protect it in the fiery descent back to Earth, had come loose and might come off during  . The signal was erroneous, but no one could be sure. Ground controllers ordered that a retrorocket unit attached under the heat shield by metal straps not be jettisoned after firing in order to give added protection and reduce the risk of premature detachment of the heat shield. This was Mr. Glenn’s first real clue that something was amiss. As Friendship 7 plunged through the atmosphere, the astronaut’s recorded heartbeat raced as one of the metal straps came loose and banged on the side of the capsule. “Right away, I could see flaming chunks flying by the window, and I thought the heat shield might be falling apart,” he wrote after the flight. “This was a bad moment. But I knew that if that was really happening, it would all be over shortly, and there was nothing I could do about it. ” The capsule splashed down in the Atlantic off the Bahamas, where a Navy destroyer was waiting. Mr. Glenn radioed, “My condition is good, but that was a real fireball, boy. ” In the flush of fame, Mr. Glenn toured the country publicizing the space program, visiting aerospace plants and waving to cheering crowds and signing autographs. But he always had his eye on another flight into space. He kept asking NASA officials about a new flight assignment and was routinely stonewalled. Not yet, they said. Kennedy’s reservations about risking a hero’s life were disclosed years later. Frustrated, Mr. Glenn resigned from NASA in early 1964. But an idea for a new career had been planted in his mind. One night in December 1962, Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy invited the Glenns to dinner at his home in McLean, Va. In the course of the evening, the attorney general suggested that Mr. Glenn run for public office. With the backing of a powerful Kennedy, he might have a good chance at a Senate seat from Ohio in the 1964 election. Mr. Glenn’s parents happened to be among the few Democrats in New Concord, and Mr. Glenn once recalled that he had developed an abiding interest in political affairs from his high school civics teacher, Harford Steele. Mr. Glenn eventually took the advice, but had to quit the race after being seriously injured in a bathroom fall. He spent the next decade working as an executive of the Royal Crown Cola Company. He still had the space itch, though, and inquired about a possible place on one of the Apollo missions to the moon, but NASA gave him no encouragement. “Yeah, I would have liked to go to the moon,” he said in later years. “But I didn’t want to stick around being the oldest astronaut in training just hoping to go to the moon. So I went on to other things, and that was a decision I lived with. ” After Robert Kennedy’s assassination in 1968, Mr. Glenn headed a bipartisan lobbying group called the Emergency Committee for Gun Control. President Lyndon B. Johnson later signed the Gun Control Act of 1968, placing some restrictions on firearms. In 1970, Mr. Glenn ran again for the Senate, but lost in the Democratic primary to Howard M. Metzenbaum. Mr. Glenn won the primary four years later and breezed to victory in the general election, beginning a   Senate career. Over the years, Mr. Glenn earned the respect of Senate colleagues as an upright, candid and diligent legislator. Senator Bob Graham, Democrat of Florida, described Mr. Glenn as a “workhorse” who was especially well informed and a forceful voice on defense issues. “When he speaks, you know he’s speaking on a subject of which he has a command and a reason for speaking,” Mr. Graham said shortly before Mr. Glenn’s return to space. As a senator, Mr. Glenn developed an expertise in weapons systems, nuclear proliferation issues and most legislation related to technology and bureaucratic reform. He generally took moderate positions on most issues, though in his last two terms his voting record became more liberal. He was an enthusiastic supporter of President Bill Clinton. He drew admiring audiences in his run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1984, but his wooden speaking style and lack of a cogent campaign message were blamed for his poor showing at the polls. After losses in several states, he dropped out of the race, which former Vice President Walter F. Mondale won before President Ronald Reagan overwhelmed him in the general election. The one blemish on Mr. Glenn’s   political reputation came in the 1980s, when he was one of five senators present at a meeting with federal regulators concerning accusations of savings and loan association fraud against Charles H. Keating Jr. a former Ohioan. The meeting smacked of impropriety and political pressure. Because Mr. Glenn had no further contact with Mr. Keating, who eventually was sent to prison, the Senate decided that he did nothing deserving discipline. As a member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Mr. Glenn developed the medical rationale used in arguing his case for a return flight in space. He offered himself as a human guinea pig in tests of the physiological effects of space weightlessness, like   loss and cardiovascular, muscular and immune system changes, and how they seem to be comparable to the usual effects of aging. Mr. Glenn’s return to space in 1998 drew criticism. But the   astronaut was not to be denied, and his heroic image, and reawakened memories of the early space age, attracted launching crowds on a scale not seen since astronauts were flying to the moon. Still healthy and vigorous, though not as agile as in 1962, Mr. Glenn embarked on his second venture in space, as he said in an interview, to show the world that the lives of older people need not be dictated by the calendar. In recent years, honors continued to come his way: the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Congressional Gold Medal and election to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. The NASA Lewis Research Center in Cleveland was renamed the John H. Glenn Research Center. In 2012, about a week before the 50th anniversary of the Friendship 7 flight, a reporter found the    Mr. Glenn in full voice and clear mind, but regretting that he had sold his airplane the month before. Their aging knees had made it difficult for him and his wife to climb on the wing to get into the cabin of their   Beechcraft Baron. For years they had flown it on vacations and back and forth to Washington. Though his airplane was gone, Mr. Glenn was pleased to say several times that he still had a valid pilot’s license. Mr. Glenn was a flier, almost to the end. In one of the interviews at this time, he was reminded that Mr. Wolfe, the author, had recently judged him “the last true national hero America has ever had. ” Mr. Glenn gave another of his dismissive   responses: “I don’t think of myself that way,” he said. “I get up each day and have the same problems others have at my age. As far as trying to analyze all the attention I received, I will leave that to others. ”",0
14251,Sean Spicer: Trump Didn’t Hear Merkel’s Handshake Request - Breitbart,"White House press secretary Sean Spicer has said that contrary to media reports, Donald Trump did not reject a handshake from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, adding that he simply did not hear her request. [Having given Shinzo Abe a 45 minute handshake, Donald Trump refuses to shake hands with Angela Merkel pic. twitter.   —   Nick Hilton (@nickfthilton) March 17, 2017,   Following a meeting with the media in the Oval Office, mainstream media reports suggested that Trump had refused Merkel’s offering of a handshake, although Spicer has confirmed this was just a misunderstanding. “I do not believe he heard the question,” Spicer told the German newspaper, Der Spiegel after video footage showed Merkel leaning towards Trump and asking him whether they would like to shake hands. On meeting other leaders in the Oval Office, including UK Prime Minister Theresa May, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump posed for photos with the trademark presidential handshake. However, Trump told the media that despite reports from the “fake news” media, the pair had a “great meeting,” adding that “Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO and the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides. ” Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes  …    ..  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017,    …    vast sums of money to NATO  the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2017,  Trump has previously described Merkel’s policy of letting millions of unvetted migrants into Europe as a “catastrophic mistake,” while Merkel has attacked Trump’s proposed travel ban, arguing it is “unjustified. ” When asked in January whether he would support Merkel’s run for reelection later this year, Trump refused to comment, although he described her as “great, great leader” for whom he had “great respect. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com.",0
14252,"Istanbul Airport, Benghazi, Pat Summitt: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. An attack by suicide bombers at Istanbul’s largest airport killed at least 36 people and wounded 140 more, according to the Turkish justice minister, Bekir Bozdag. While there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, the Turkish prime minister said early indications point to the Islamic State. _____ 2. The final report from the House Select Committee on Benghazi, established to investigate the deadly attacks in 2012 on an American compound in Libya, found no evidence of wrongdoing on the part of Hillary Clinton, then the secretary of state. But the   report, after an inquiry lasting two years and costing an estimated $7 million, had plenty of criticism for government agencies that, it said, failed to grasp how dangerous the Libyan city was at the time of the attacks. Above, Representative Trey Gowdy, who led the committee. _____ 3. European leaders urged Britain to consummate its vote last week to leave the European Union, with one saying that Britain and Europe could be “married, or divorced, but not something between. ” But the leaders of the “Leave” campaign seem to have no idea what to do after their victory, our analyst writes. Above, Prime Minister David Cameron, center, who has said he would step down. Here’s our guide to what has happened so far. _____ 4. Pat Summitt, above, who won eight national basketball championships and more games than any other Division I college coach, male or female, died Tuesday at 64. In the course of her enormously successful career, she transformed the face of American women’s sports, drawing national audiences to women’s college basketball for the first time. Summitt was legendarily tough: When she dislocated her shoulder in 2008, she tried for more than an hour to reset it herself before finally calling a doctor. _____ 5. Speaking in Pennsylvania, Donald J. Trump vowed to rip up international trade deals and take a hard line against Chinese monetary policy, returning his focus to the economic grievances that have fueled his campaign. He framed his approach as a sharp contrast to the policies of “a leadership class that worships globalism,” and warned that his presumptive Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, would “betray” those who support her. _____ 6. On July 4, a NASA spacecraft will finish a nearly 1.   trip to Jupiter, dropping into the gas planet’s gravitational field and assuming orbit. At least that’s the plan. Juno, which has undergone a   journey to learn more about the solar system’s largest planet, will be the first craft to orbit Jupiter in more than a decade. But if anything goes wrong, it’ll be impossible to react in time: Radio signals take 48 minutes to travel from Jupiter to Earth. _____ 7. Senate Democrats blocked a bill that would have provided $1. 1 billion to fight the Zika virus. They said Republicans had sabotaged the bill by adding partisan provisions, like one that included a ban on direct government financing for Planned Parenthood. The legislation’s failure highlighted how partisan gridlock can hurt the government’s ability to respond to a public health emergency. There are 3, 000 species of mosquitoes but in the Americas, only two are known to carry the Zika virus. In the United States, six mosquito species are particularly concerning. _____ 8. “I’m interested less in what qualifies something as black photography, black art, black cinema, as I am in seeing what comes of agency on the part of black artists. I’m interested in seeing what comes out of their heart and mind and soul. ” That’s Sarah Lewis, a Harvard professor who guest edited a recent issue of the photography magazine Aperture that was devoted to the black experience. She discussed the project with our Briefing picture editor, Sandra Stevenson. Above, a photo from the project. _____ 9. Amazon has competed directly with print books for some time, but on Tuesday it made a tweak to its Kindle software that borrows from the feature set of a paperback. The new interaction, called Page Flip, mimics the   habit of sticking one’s thumb into a book to mark a page. Amid all the recent talk of print’s resilience, Amazon is taking a page from its competitors’   …     well, you know. _____ 10. 2016 has been filled with film sequels that have arrived at least a decade after the original. Some of the franchises have fared well upon their return: “Finding Dory,” the sequel to “Finding Nemo” (2003) has broken the box office record for a Pixar movie, raking in $286 million. Others have been less welcome. Our critic wrote that “Independence Day: Resurgence,” released last week, was plagued by “lackluster, sometimes abysmal, writing,” and, with an opening of $41 million, the film did not exactly set the box office aflame. _____ 11. We’ve put together a guide on how to respond to attacks by wild animals  —   alligators, bears, sharks and mountain lions. Shark attacks can be countered by pounding them on the nose and scratching at their eyes and gills. But to avoid the encounter altogether, leave your shiny jewelry on your beach towel and avoid swimming at dawn, at dusk or at night. _____ 12. Some animals are not a summertime threat in fact, they’re more likely to be threatened. The sunny season, with its thunderstorms and its fireworks, is a tough time for dogs. Some estimate that at least 40 percent of them experience noise anxiety. Animal behavior specialists differ on what should be done to soothe agitated pets, but a new   drug, Sileo, garnered mostly good reviews from animal owners. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14253,One of Atlanta’s Last Stores on Wheels Navigates a World of Change - The New York Times,"ATLANTA  —   It is 3 in the afternoon, and Anthony Palmer, 62, is behind the wheel of the   retrofitted and rebranded bread truck that is Anthony’s Rolling Store. Today his wares include vegetable oil, cornstarch,   oatmeal pies, ramen noodles, ice cream, Slim Jims, doughnuts, ChapStick, Dial soap, little cigars, chips, fruit punch and Saltine crackers. He has a sign declaring that he accepts food stamps. He has the program from his wife’s funeral in 2015 taped above his seat. The photograph on the cover shows Elizabeth Palmer on the edge of a   smile, as though acknowledging that life is not all drudgery and pain. Mr. Palmer pulls up in front of a Boys  Girls Club, close to where Techwood Homes, the nation’s first housing project, stood before it was demolished ahead of the 1996 Olympic Games. “Kids,” a woman cries, “the rolling store’s here!” The little ones come out in their school uniforms, twirling braids, choosing carefully from the bags of salty junk on display, hands reaching up to put their money up on the ledge of the little window by the back wheels. The teenagers are tall enough to lean into the window almost conspiratorially. They look like penitents at confession. Mr. Palmer, half obscured in the truck’s interior, calls each of them sir or ma’am. He teaches respect by respecting them first. A teenage boy asks for blunts. “No, sir,” the proprietor said. Mr. Palmer’s truck is among the last of a small and dying tradition in this section of black Atlanta, just west and northwest of downtown. In the 1970s and ’80s, there were rolling stores all over neighborhoods like English Avenue and Vine City, stocked with all of the fixings for a real supper, recalled Greg Morgan, the owner of a    convenience store in a notoriously rough area called the Bluff. “Fatback, hog maw, pig knuckles,” he said. “It was a thriving thing, and it was a moneymaking thing. ” Mr. Morgan has a number of theories as to why the rolling stores are disappearing, including   regulation from city officials and a hunch that home cooking is yet another dying tradition around here. More broadly, the disappearance of the rolling stores may simply be a result of the relentless and multifarious pace of change in Atlanta, one of those American cities that move and morph at the pace of the nation itself. It is a reality Mr. Palmer has embraced. He didn’t have much choice. But then again, who does? “When times change,” he said, “you’ve got to change with the times. ” He grew up in Herndon Homes, another public housing complex nearby, in a neighborhood that had gone from white to black by midcentury. His father was a barber, and when he died, Mr. Palmer, who had never learned to cut hair, opened his first convenience store in the old barbershop, across the street from the projects. Before that, Mr. Palmer had done menial labor on the nearby campus of Georgia Tech, earning a pittance. In his first weeks in retail, he said, “I was making almost $2, 500 a week  —   like, $1, 200 in food stamps and $1, 200 in cash. “I couldn’t believe it,” he continued. “I thought those times were going to last. ” They didn’t. He was forced to move the store to a less advantageous location. The competition grew stiff. He quit the store and opened a game room, set among the project’s apartments. Then the city bought out the game room and all of Herndon Homes in anticipation of tearing it all down. It was part of a larger project, now nearly fully realized, to replace the city’s traditional public housing. Many housing units have been replaced with communities that mix   and subsidized units, in an attempt to break up what many saw as concentrated warrens of dysfunction and poverty. In 2006, Mr. Palmer took the money the city had paid him for the game room and paid $5, 000 for the old bread truck. He bought a generator and a refrigerator, and stocked it with perishables  —   milk, eggs, bread, meat. He took the truck through Herndon Homes, before they were knocked down, and rolled daily among the new apartments  —   clean, brick, rectilinear, blandly handsome  —   where Techwood Homes used to be. It beat working behind a traditional counter, where he and his wife would have to stand from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. every day. With the truck, he said, “I could go move around, make $200, $300 in a day, and then go lay down at home. ” In 2010, the Atlanta Housing Authority demolished Herndon Homes. Since then, the project has been a big empty lot, though there are plans to turn it into a new “urban community” with a fitness center and retail. Today, Anthony’s Rolling Store mostly moves around where the old Techwood project used to be. Some of the old families moved back to the subsidized homes. It seems that nearly everybody has his cell number. Mr. Anthony they call him. Mr. Anthony, my mother wants you to come by, they say. Mr. Anthony, do you have any   drinks? At his approach, they run down the stairs with their dollars. Derrick Butler, 42, who lives in the suburbs now, was outside one such building. His mother, who raised him in Techwood, just died. He ordered Nutty Buddies, a Big Dipper, a strawberry shortcake ice cream bar and oatmeal pies. To Mr. Butler, the rolling store is a reminder of the informal ways in the old Techwood: how somebody would be evicted and the kids would use the abandoned mattresses for wrestling matches. How his mother would go down to the community center and cook ribs, chicken and fish. It was by no means perfect, he said. “But it was family. My mother knew every drug dealer, every gang member and every police officer. ” They knew she would not abide them roping her son into trouble. Mr. Palmer drove away and said Mr. Butler’s mother was an exceptionally good woman, one of the few people he had extended credit to. A few minutes later, a young man was short $1. 25, and Mr. Palmer let it ride. “He usually pays me back,” he said. “He’s pretty good. ” The truck rolled on. These days, Mr. Palmer’s energy is waning. His generator broke, the refrigerator is out, and he no longer keeps milk and eggs. He talks, somewhat fancifully, about turning over the truck to a nephew and monitoring the business from home with an internet camera. He still grieves for his wife. She kept the books, and they loved each other. “She used to tell me all the time, ‘I don’t know what I’d do if you died first,’” he said. “I used to pay it no attention. Now that she’s gone, I know what she was talking about. ” His son, Anthony Jr. 30, is autistic, and Mr. Palmer spends most of his time looking after him. “There are a lot of stories about black men not taking care of their children,” he said. “But they don’t tell the stories about the good men taking care of their children. ” The truck does not roll as much as it used to  —   just a few hours a week. The Atlanta Falcons are building their new football stadium just down the road. It looks like a cut diamond, or like some futuristic building on Mars. Everyone is talking about neighborhood revitalization. Mr. Palmer can envision the day when the threadbare old houses like his are replaced by condos with fitness centers. It bothers him some. But sometimes he talks as though change in the city is a force too powerful to be judged, but rather something at which to marvel, like a storm. “Man, I done seen children grow up and have babies, and come back, and I don’t even know who they was,” he said. “They’ll say, ‘You know, I used to buy honey buns off your truck. ’”",0
14254,"Italy, Already Rattled, Is Struck by Another Powerful Quake - The New York Times","ROME  —   An earthquake, believed to be the strongest to hit Italy since 1980, struck the center of the country on Sunday, four days after two    quakes severely damaged buildings and left thousands homeless in the area. The temblor on Sunday also caused fresh damage to the towns destroyed by a quake that killed nearly 300 people in August. The quake, which had a magnitude of 6. 5, according to Italy’s national geophysical and volcanology institute, struck at 7:41 a. m. with its epicenter near Norcia. It was felt as far away as Bolzano in northern Italy and Puglia in the south, according to Italian news reports. Most of the towns in the area had already been evacuated after the recent seismic activity, so there were no immediate reports of deaths. About 20 people were injured but none killed, said Fabrizio Curcio, the head of Italy’s civil protection department. “It was an important earthquake,” he said. Helicopters were taking people to hospitals because some roads had been closed off, Mr. Curcio said.    teams were converging on the area, he added, and mayors were verifying the conditions of residents in smaller hamlets. As night fell, emergency teams worked to transfer residents of the stricken areas to temporary dormitories and hotels in outlying areas, overcoming the resistance of those who preferred to remain near their homes, Mr. Curcio said. “This was a 6. 5  —   we haven’t had an earthquake of this magnitude since 1980  —   so there are a series of controls we have to carry out,” he said, adding that people would be assisted better outside the earthquake areas. Electrical power was out for many thousands of residences, many roads were blocked by debris or cracks, and several sections of the Via Salaria, the most important highway in the area, were not accessible, Mr. Curcio said. Emergency workers were preparing to work through the night to clear roads of debris. “It will be a difficult night,” Mr. Curcio said after meeting with the mayor of Norcia, Nicola Alemanno, and Vasco Errani, the government’s point man for the earthquake reconstruction program in Norcia. Mr. Curcio said he hoped people would not spend the night in their cars or in makeshift camps and would opt for more stable accommodations. “There is no reason to suffer,” he said. Mr. Alemanno estimated that at least 3, 000 residents of the town had been left homeless. Other mayors were still tallying numbers of those left homeless in their own towns. Mr. Errani, who was appointed after the August quake, said Sunday’s earthquake had “changed the scenario, and even more the spirit and the soul of people,” he said. “We must remain calm to face the situation,” he added. Aftershocks continued throughout the day, and the geological institute registered about 200 in the first 10 hours after the morning 6. 5 quake, at least 15 of them with a magnitude measuring over 4. The mayor of Rome, Virginia Raggi, ordered schools to remain closed Monday to allow for checks on their stability. At a news conference, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi vowed to rebuild damaged areas. “We will rebuild everything  —   homes, churches, businesses,” he said. Italy has been urging the European Commission to give it more leeway in meeting targets for its budget deficit, citing greater costs incurred by its response to the migrant crisis and to the fallout of the earthquakes. The Italian government allocated 40 million euros, about $44 million, to the stricken zones after Wednesday’s quakes, and on Sunday Mr. Renzi said more would be set aside to deal with the fresh damage. “We will broaden the crater zone so no town must fear it might be left out,” he said. “We can’t give back a smile to those who in this moment think they have lost everything,” said Mr. Renzi, who noted that the earthquake had been felt by many Italians. He called on citizens to be strong and show solidarity. “Italy has its limitations and defects, but in these circumstances it gives the best of itself,” he said. Italian news media showed    images of the cathedral and basilica of St. Benedict in Norcia, where damage to the historic center was extensive. “Right now, the most important thing is to assist people,” Mr. Curcio said. Television crews for the Italian state network RAI and Sky News had remained in the area after Wednesday’s tremors, and provided live images with billows of dust from crumbled buildings in the background. The few residents of Norcia who had remained in town because their houses had withstood the previous quakes wandered the streets, startled and frightened. One television broadcast showed a group of nuns running into the main square where they later led prayers, with residents kneeling around them, in front of a statue of St. Benedict. The earth continued to tremble in the first minutes after the quake as reports of damage in various towns began to be tallied. In Ussita, a town near the epicenter of Wednesday’s quake, “90 percent of the houses have crumbled,” Mayor Marco Rinaldi told Italian television. In Amatrice, the town hardest hit in the August earthquake, the facade of the church of Sant’Agostino collapsed. “Everything has been destroyed. The towns no longer exist,” said Aleandro Petrucci, the mayor of Arquata del Tronto, another ghost town since the August quake. In Rome, both of the main subway lines were temporarily closed to check for damage, Italian news outlets reported. Paolo Messina, the director of the Institute of Environmental Geology and Geoengineering at Italy’s National Research Council, said Sunday’s earthquake was linked to the quakes in August. “It’s a complex situation, where a fault is breaking in sections,” he said. On one hand, the repeated quakes were positive, “because if it occurred all at once the magnitude would be much higher,” he said in a telephone interview. “At the same time, it is causing terrible damage. ” It was impossible to determine the course of the seismic activity, he added. “We don’t know how much energy has accumulated in this fault over the centuries, so we don’t know how much needs to be discharged,” he said. One shaken resident of Ussita, who had already lost her home, told the Italian news media: “We don’t know what to do anymore. ” The earthquake wants to kill us. ”",0
14255,CLASSIFIED MALFEASANCE: CLINTON & AIDES JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY,"Home › POLITICS › CLASSIFIED MALFEASANCE: CLINTON & AIDES JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY CLASSIFIED MALFEASANCE: CLINTON & AIDES JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] The WikiLeaks e-mail releases are not the only revelations Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Campaign team are cursing these days. Official State Department documents released pursuant to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests and lawsuits are also delivering severe body blows to Team Clinton’s White House aspirations. 
On Wednesday, Judicial Watch, the government accountability watchdog group, released nearly 70 pages of Department of State (DOS) records confirming that, while secretary of state, Hillary Clinton and her top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov e-mail accounts. Former Secretary Clinton has repeatedly denied — in interviews, debates, testimony, and speeches — that she divulged any classified material, even though the e-mail evidence and FBI Director James Comey’s testimony contradict that claim. At other times she has fudged, waffled, and evaded questions on this subject, bringing to mind the infamous weasel quote of her husband, then-President Bill Clinton, “It depends on what the meaning of ‘is’ is.” 
The new Judicial Watch e-mails are completely separate from the WikiLeaks e-mails, which the Clinton campaign and its allies have tried to discredit by claiming, without foundation, that they are the product of a Russian intelligence operation. The Judicial Watch documents were obtained recently in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015 lawsuit filed against the DOS after it refused to cooperate with a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. That request was seeking: “All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non-‘state.gov’ email address.” 
The newly released documents, which are now also available on the State Department website, were obtained after the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled in favor of the watchdog group in January ( Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State ). 
There are thus no grounds for questioning the provenance or authenticity of these recent Clinton e-mail revelations, since they come directly — albeit very reluctantly — from the State Department. Among the new documents are e-mails showing that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov e-mail account) to print two March 2011 e-mails that were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker “aclb”) to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan’s non-state.gov e-mail account. 
The Obama State Department has redacted the Blair e-mails under the FOIA Exemption (b)(1) rule which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as “Foreign government information” and “foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources.” The irony is beyond rich, is it not? Secretary Clinton says she didn’t send any classified material by private, unsecured e-mail — while the State Department refuses to release certain of her private e-mails, claiming exemption because, says DOS, the e-mails contain classified information. Reasonable observers might be inclined to take that as an official confirmation that Hillary Rodham Clinton has lied and weaseled — repeatedly, and under oath — on this important national security matter. Is there any other reasonable way to view it? 
In another private e-mail, Clinton asks Huma Abedin how appointments in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning the Obama/Clinton war on Libya, would affect her vacation schedule in the Hamptons, the fabulous playground of the ultra-rich. As an aside, the Clintons have been longtime seasonal residents of the Hamptons, where many of their Wall Street and Hollywood billionaire cronies (and donors) own eye-popping mansions on sumptuous estates. Hillary, who regularly tries to make political hay by verbally attacking the rich “one percent,” apparently suffers no qualms of conscience about taking millions of dollars in speaking fees from the most notorious of the one percenters at Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Citibank, Blackstone, etc. Nor do she and Bill flinch at spending $50,000 per week for a beachfront mansion in the Hamptons near their movie mogul pal (and campaign contributor) Harvey Weinstein. Their populist rhetoric and faux working-class appeals notwithstanding, the Clintons are happiest and most comfortable consorting with the top one percent of the top one percent. But back to the e-mails. Responding to a message that details the sensitive Libya meetings in Washington, D.C., Clinton e-mails Abedin on August 26, 2011: “Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?” As with tens of thousands of Clinton DOS e-mails, this discussion relative to classified meetings, plans, and official policies, took place on private, unsecure e-mail accounts. Post navigation",0
14256,Master of the Estate,"It seems there isn't going to be a Halloween writing contest, so I thought I would post the story I pre-emptively wrote for it. I hope you enjoy it! Master of the Estate ""This coach really is quite wonderful, Jonathan. I can barely feel the bumps and I don't feel like I'm about to be thrown out the window!"" Eleanor exclaimed. ""It is grand, isn't it?"" ""It's all grand. The trip, our coach...and you,"" she said, smiling and snuggling in closer to Jonathan on the wide leather seat. ""I could do without this fog, though. I would like to see the moon and stars later tonight."" He pulled the curtain aside slightly with a gloved hand and peered mournfully through the window at the white mist that nearly obscured everything. He could hardly see the tops of the trees it was so thick. Just then a particularly large bump jostled them roughly, followed closely by another. ""Oh!"" squealed Eleanor. Jonathan's brow drew down. ""Driver!"" he called out the window. ""Is everything alright?"" ""Beg pardon, sir. I fear I may have taken a wrong turn at that fork back a ways. There's a house up ahead...I'll check in with them and make sure. Sturbridge Village can't be far now, and we're better safe than sorry with this fog rolling in, if you take my meaning, sir. Don't want to be out past dark in this soup."" Jonathan looked at Eleanor. ""Well, it would be nice to stretch our legs for a moment,"" she said. She was not quite as cheerful as she had been just minutes ago. The October afternoon was cooling off as evening approached, and Jonathan could see his breath. The coach trundled past well-maintained stone gables and a heavy wrought-iron gate, standing open on one side. Oil lanterns hung from black hooks in the gables glowed dimly in the fog, and additional lanterns spilled pools of yellow-orange light on a cobblestone drive as they made their way up toward the house. Eleanor gasped as the massive shape of the house came into view. ""It's beautiful!"" Jonathan made a surprised ""hm"", but otherwise said nothing. A well-dressed footman dashed out to lower the stairs of their coach and open the door, then offered a white-gloved hand to Eleanor as she peered out. With a flashed smile at Jonathan, she accepted the young man's hand and descended. The driver was speaking quietly with another footman, and an older man emerged from the heavy oak door of the house as Jonathan descended the steps of the coach. The older man - clearly the butler - bowed to Eleanor and Jonathan. ""Welcome to the Anne Union Keyes Estate. I am Mister Walker, and I am at your service. The master of the estate has invited you in for the evening meal."" The butler spoke with some kind of British accent, but beyond that Jonathan not say from where exactly. ""Good Lord man, we just arrived unannounced!"" ""Yes, sir, but Herr von Graeff enjoys entertaining and was notified of your arrival as you drove up. I would be honored if you would follow me..."" he gestured toward the polished steps. Eleanor was the type of woman who, once her mind was made, up, proceeded without hesitation. She must have decided they were staying for dinner, for with a delighted squeal she headed for the house. They were greeted in the foyer by an elderly man. Jonathan estimated he was in his seventies, hair fully white with deep creases in his face on age showing on his hands. However, the man was tall and straight-backed, and he carried himself proudly. There was a stiffness to his movements, and he used a cane to walk, but when Jonathan shook his large hands the man's grip was as firm as a man half his age. “Welcome,” he said warmly and with what Jonathan thought was a German accent. “I am Gottfried Hansjürgen von Graeff. Please, be welcome in my home. How may I call you?” The man’s eyes were unusual, but Jonathan could not place what it was about them that seemed so. He shrugged it off. “Thank you, Herr von Graeff. I am Jonathan Rockport, this is my fiancée Eleanor Harrington. We really have only stopped to find our way back to the highway. We are trying to get to Sturbridge Village to stay for the night before continuing on to Fall River in the morning.” “Ah, yes, well, you will not make it to Sturbridge Village in this fog.” Herr von Graeff pronounced the name of the town with a “sh” sound. “At least, not before dark, even if you left now. It is fifteen miles yet. Why don’t you join me for dinner, stay here tonight, and then resume your journey first thing tomorrow?” “You are a generous host, Herr von Graeff, but I really would like to press on if possible. I have business meetings in Massachusetts and must be in Fall River by Tuesday. ” “Ah, a wonderful town, Fall River, yes? Tell me, how is the new railway doing? I understand the esteemed Mr. Borden opened the branch line just last year, yes?” “Indeed,” said Jonathan slowly, “The railway has been a smashing success. In fact, it is Mr. Borden I have an appointment to see. I have a business proposition for him that I think he will be quite excited about.” “An entrepreneur!” Exclaimed Herr von Graeff. “Excellent! I always enjoy conversing with a businessman, especially you Americans. Always such big ideas, yes? Please, let us carry on our conversation over dinner. Mister Walker,” he continued, pronouncing the butler’s name with a “v”, “would you lead us to the dining hall?” “Yes, Herr von Graeff.”",0
14257,Трамп разбушевался,"Происшествия 
Чем ближе выборы, тем сильнее нервничают кандидаты в президенты США. Особенно тяжко приходится Трампу — мало того, что он в рейтингах отстаёт от своей конкурентки, так ещё и владеть собой не приучен. Взять, хотя бы, недавнюю историю с негром… пардон, афроамериканцем, который взял да и заявился на митинг Трампа, размахивая каким-то письмом. 
Поскольку сторонники Трампа, как правило, белые, то при виде афроамериканца кандидат в президенты испытал ощущение, которое психологи называют мудрёным термином “когнитивный диссонанс”. Можно было бы, конечно, прямо спросить у неожиданного визитёра, кто он такой и что ему надобно, но телепаты в расспросах не нуждаются. Пронзив орлиным взором пытающегося обратить на себя внимание негра, Трамп сразу понял: этот человек подослан конкурентами, которые заплатили ему за хулиганскую выходку полторы тысячи долларов. Почему именно полторы? Вероятно, в Америке установлены именно такие тарифы на мелкое хулиганство на митингах: полчаса побуянил, зато потом денег хватит на месяц скромной жизни. Так или иначе, Трамп разнервничался и завопил: “Уведите его!”. 
Охранники немедленно подхватили афроамериканца под руки и утащили прочь. Охранники у Трампа к этому делу вполне привычные: они то и дело кого-то выгоняют. Например, 25 августа они выставили с пресс-конференции журналиста Хорхе Рамоса, потому что Трампу не понравилась его эмоциональность. Вероятно, и инцидент с афроамериканцем так и остался бы одним из эпизодов в бесконечной цепи проявлений самодурства миллиардера-политика, если бы за кулисами не выяснилось нечто совсем неожиданное. 
Оказалось, что изгнанный афроамериканец Си Джей Кэри мало того, что пришёл на митинг совершенно бесплатно, так он ещё и преданный поклонник Трампа с 1992 года. У него даже есть значок Республиканской партии. А в письме, которым он так размахивал, содержится бурное возмущение нехорошими лжецами “Хилари и Обамой”. Но самое интересное – это то, что даже после весьма невежливого обращения Си Джей Кэри не изменил мнения о своём кумире и будет за него голосовать. 
Можно представить, как отреагировали бы западные СМИ, случись эта история в России: в ход пошли бы и заезженные клише о “рабском менталитете”, и обвинения в отсутствии цивилизованности, и прочий арсенал штампов, не обновлявшийся с времён холодной войны. То ли дело США, там выходки разбушевавшегося Трампа проходят под рубрикой “Эксцентричность миллиардера”, и все мило улыбаются. Своё, как известно, не воняет.",0
14258,Internationally-backed Libyan forces attack Daesh positions in Sirte,"Fighters loyal to Libya’s UN-backed government guard a look-out point in the city of Sirte, east of Tripoli, as they try to clear the last remaining Daesh terrorists from the al-Jiza al-Bahriya neighborhood, October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Libyan forces have launched a fresh offensive against Daesh positions in the Mediterranean port city of Sirte. 
On Thursday, fighters from the nearby city of Misrata, allied with forces of the UN-backed unity government in Tripoli, were pushing their way through the last pockets of resistance in the city’s Ghiza Bahriya District. 
They were supported by tanks and armored vehicles during the renewed offensive. 
“Bonyan Marsous forces and the Libyan army forces are advancing onto Ghiza Bahriya to free it ... The Bonyan [forces] have been advancing in Ghiza Bahriya and thank God there have been no causalities so far, there are only some wounded,"" said Hussien Edra, a member of the Bonyan Marsous Brigade. 
In May, the internationally-backed pro-government troops started a large-scale military operation, including street-by-street fighting backed by heavy airstrikes and artillery fire, to eradicate Daesh militants in Sirte. They have so far recaptured most areas in the city. 
Most of Daesh commanders in the city fled to other places and the remaining rank has been holding out via sniper fire, booby traps and car bombs. 
Sirte is the only key base of the Takfiri militant group outside Iraq and Syria. Members of the forces loyal to Libya's UN-backed government gather in the coastal city of Sirte, east of the capital Tripoli, during their military operation against Daesh, on October 14, 2016.(Photo by AFP) 
The city fell into the hands of Daesh Takfiri militants more than a year ago after the group extended their reach into North Africa by taking advantage of the chaos gripping Libya. 
The North African country has witnessed unrest since 2011, when a NATO military intervention followed the uprising that led to the ouster and killing of long-time dictator, Muammar Gaddafi. 
Liberating the key city would deal a major blow to the militant group in its drive to expand its influence to territories beyond the Middle East. Loading ...",0
14259,MILO On Twitter: I Hate To Say I Told You So... - Breitbart,"Okay, that’s a lie, I LOVE to say I told you so  —   and especially when it’s bad news about   Twitter.  Today’s quarterly release from Twitter was incredibly grim. The only thing worse than their fourth quarter performance is their future outlook. This doesn’t come as any surprise to my regular readers, who will recall that I declared Twitter to be in rigor mortis at the end of 2016. This death spiral kicked off when I was unjustly banned by Twitter just before I hosted a Gays for Trump party at the RNC. Far from shutting me up, Twitter catapulted me onto television. Enjoy this CNBC clip from Cleveland. I was having a great hair day, just like every day.  Maybe Twitter and the thugs of Berkeley will put their notes together and figure out that trying to shut me up just gives me a bigger platform. Fat chance! Twitter will never learn their lesson. Just this week the company has introduced new features designed to “combat abuse and harassment” which in reality translates as banning conservatives and killing fun. Bret Easton Ellis is right  —   if Jack Dorsey had any sense he would give me my account back and kick off all those whiny and boring   professional victims like Leslie Jones and Ben Shapiro.  Twitter’s management team  —   the few stragglers who haven’t recently quit or are planning their exit now after this dismal earnings release  —   think I’m the  . I think that’s going too far, but I will cop to being the  . Jack Dorsey has run Twitter into the ground with no signs of stopping. If Twitter had just followed my 10 suggestions to save the company, imagine the wonderful shape it would now be in! Instead we’re in the current mess. Perhaps Twitter will be the first publicly traded corporation to open a Patreon account or run a Gofundme campaign. I’m hearing rumors, and they are almost certainly just rumors given how Twitter’s investors would react to this news, that the company might be forced into the most humiliating ending of all: transformation into a  . Surely not. But it would be a fitting end to a company that always cared more about   lunacy than making money. Good riddance. DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com.",0
14260,British Alignment With Trump Threatens European Order - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   As American allies across Europe and Asia brace for President Trump, Britain stands out for the degree to which it is proceeding as if little has changed. The country, consumed with managing “Brexit” and its associated domestic political dramas, appears to have taken relatively few steps to prepare for the geopolitical earthquakes that Mr. Trump could bring to the international and European orders on which Britain relies, and that his proposals would undermine. “The people at the top of our system, whether they’re politicians or officials or journalists or think tankers like me, we’re all totally focused on Brexit,” said Charles Grant, who heads the   Center for European Reform. “We haven’t thought about Trump as much as we should have. ” It is possible that Prime Minister Theresa May, by throwing in her lot with Mr. Trump, could ride out any changes to the international order. But if that approach does not succeed, it could have severe consequences both for her nation and for the world that Britain plays a role in keeping together. Mrs. May has sought to win over Mr. Trump, whom she will visit this week, just as her European counterparts are exploring more fundamental questions about American reliability. “The British debate on Trump is over very trivial stuff, like who Trump spoke to before May, and the German debate is over the future of the liberal order in the West,” said Mark Leonard, the director of the   European Council on Foreign Relations.   Steinmeier, the German foreign minister, wrote in a column this week for the German newspaper Bild that, with Mr. Trump’s election, “the old world of the 20th century is gone” and that Germany could confront drastic changes. François Hollande, the French president, said last month that Mr. Trump’s election “opens a period of uncertainty. ” British leaders, Mr. Leonard said, have not accepted the view, growing in other European governments, “that our prosperity and security are based on an international architecture that’s now being threatened. ” “There’s an assumption that’s all going to remain,” he continued. Since Britain’s decline from a global power in the years just after World War II, the country’s foreign policy has rested on two pillars. First is the   partnership, which allows Britain to project its power and safeguard its interests globally. Second is European unity, which is essential for Britain’s economic prosperity and, by removing the   diversions of European conflict, frees up Britain to act on the world stage. But both of those pillars could now be crumbling under the strain of European populism, Russian resurgence and particularly Mr. Trump’s threats to step away from Europe. Britain’s challenge is not just that each of those elements is coming under strain. Mr. Trump’s avowed opposition to the European Union has put them in direct conflict. For instance, Mr. Trump offered to reward Britain’s exit from the European Union with a speedy trade deal. But this risks encouraging more exits from the bloc and possibly its disintegration. The resulting turmoil on the Continent, which includes several top British trading partners, could risk harming Britain’s economy far more than an American trade deal would help. Mr. Trump’s proposed alignment with Russia poses a similar quandary. Germany and other leading European powers oppose such a realignment, which they fear would open the way for Russia to dominate Eastern Europe, breaking the Continent’s unity on security matters. Mrs. May remains hawkish on Russia. But it is unclear whether she would oppose Mr. Trump on the matter, particularly as she more fully ties her fate to the alliance. “If America eases up on Russia, Britain will be under heavy pressure to pick the United States, not to side with Merkel,” said Robin Niblett, the director of Chatham House, a   think tank, referring to Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. Mrs. May is increasingly focused on maintaining the alliance with the United States, the world’s largest economy and military power. Whereas leaders such as Ms. Merkel have responded sharply to criticism from Mr. Trump, Mrs. May has been more forgiving. For example, she overlooked Mr. Trump’s decision to meet with Nigel Farage, a former leader of the fringe U. K. Independence Party, before speaking with her. Even if Mrs. May succeeds in upholding the alliance, it is unclear that her government is preparing for the range of more seismic changes that Mr. Trump’s election and other events could bring. Jeremy Shapiro, an American and the research director for the European Council on Foreign Relations, said he had struggled to convince British officials that the old order is “eroding all around them. ” Mr. Shapiro paraphrased the “dominant” British view of Mr. Trump as, “We didn’t want him, but pressures of the presidency, checks and balances, our expert tutelage will socialize him, and it’ll be O. K. ” British hopes, he added, often rest on Senator John McCain’s persuading of Mr. Trump to drop his controversial plans and revert to traditional positions such as upholding European unity. Mr. Shapiro said he had been unable to convince British officials that Mr. McCain, whom Mr. Trump has publicly mocked, was an unlikely savior. Lawrence Freedman, emeritus professor of war studies at King’s College London, said there was a simple reason that British leaders never seemed to discuss their backup plan should they fail to moderate Mr. Trump. “There isn’t a Plan B,” he said. Preparing for life without American support, British leaders worry, could send the message that the United States can safely withdraw, risking exactly the outcome Britain wishes to avoid. “This has always been the problem,” Mr. Freedman said, because it leaves Britain unprepared for a situation that could be deeply destabilizing  —   much as it failed to prepare for Brexit. Brexit has focused attention inward, on    political dramas and on the countless challenges of negotiating Britain’s exit from the European Union. “We’re going through a very solipsistic moment,” Mr. Leonard said. This has led the British to behave “as if the only independent variable is Britain leaving the E. U. and the manner in which it’s done. ” This is shaping British foreign policy in other ways. “There’s always going to be a question of whether we’re better off using our political capital to advance the international security order or to try to get a good trade deal,” Mr. Leonard said. Britain’s party politics also distract. Mrs. May is only barely holding together the governing Conservative Party, leaving her overwhelmingly focused on managing divisions that are mostly about Brexit and migration. Both she and her foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, have spent their careers focused on domestic issues. The opposition Labour Party is riven by its own divisions. Its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, tends to be skeptical toward Britain’s global role. As a result, there are no major voices in British politics who have an interest, either ideological or political, in addressing the country’s foreign policy challenges. Britons’ view of their country as a pillar of a European and world order, rooted in their experience of standing up to fascism and militarism in World War II, is also shifting. “Until quite recently, we saw ourselves as   of the European order, but we don’t sort of see ourselves in that way anymore,” said Mr. Freedman, the King’s College professor. This has accelerated with the enmity toward immigration, which has focused politics inward and portrayed the outside world as something to guard against rather than to protect and uphold. That has ramifications beyond Britain. Even after Brexit, the country remains important for upholding the postwar order in Europe, where it is the largest economy after Germany and the biggest military spender after Russia. If its horizons continue to narrow, that will contribute to the Continent’s continuing fracturing on economics and opposition to Russian power. Mr. Niblett, the Chatham House chief, said he was worried Britain would become the “weak link” on European sanctions on Russia for its annexation of Crimea. “The U. K. which traditionally sees itself as upholding the spine of Europe toward Russia, is pulling itself out of that role,” Mr. Niblett said. Other European states are already preparing for the possibility that the Continent can no longer rely on Britain, Mr. Leonard said, on issues from Russia to the Iran nuclear deal to global free trade. “They don’t know if Britain’s going to be there or not,” he said.",0
14261,Tired of Western Propaganda Against Russia? Here's Vladimir Putin’s Perspective,". Tired of Western Propaganda Against Russia? Here's Vladimir Putin’s Perspective Vladimir Putin in particular, and Russia in general, have been the focus of an intensive high-drama ... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/tired-of-western-propaganda-against.html Vladimir Putin in particular, and Russia in general, have been the focus of an intensive high-drama propaganda campaign of late. Are you buying it? For the time being, Russophobia has replaced Islamophobia as the driving force behind the lies. Various US officials have been frantically warning Americans that the Russians are behind everything: hacking the DNC, controlling Trump, influencing the election and breaking the Syrian ceasefire agreement. They might as well add making your girlfriend break up with you, making your toast get burnt and making your car run out of fuel for all the evidence they have presented.Many of these totally unfounded allegations stem from (naturally) the Clinton campaign, home to career criminals Bill and Hillary Clinton , who are desperately seeking to find something to gain some sort of shred of popularity or advantage over Trump, who fills up arenas with 1000s of people more easily than Clinton can fill a high school gym with 50. Many US officials and war hawks are trying to get in on the action; CIA man Mike Morell indicated it would be a good idea to covertly kill Russians to make them “pay a price”. Hillary Clinton called Vladimir Putin the “grand godfather of extreme nationalism” and blamed him for the rising popularity of right-wing leaders; and even standing VP Joe Biden came out and said that: “We’re sending a message to Putin … it will be at the time of our choosing and under the circumstances that have the greatest impact.”It seems there is no depth to which some US leaders won’t stoop in order to gain some political advantage, even it means lying, demonizing and destroying geopolitical partnerships in order to garner a few brownie points. Russophobia is in full swing before the US Presidential Election to distract American voters Vladimir Putin: It’s All About Distraction During Election Season You would think Russian President Vladimir President would be agitated by all of this mud-slinging.At times he has been, for instance when he issued a warning a few months ago about an impending WW3 due to NATO’s constant aggression and advancement towards Russian borders.However, judging by his own words and mostly calm demeanor, he has seen through the agenda and understands what is going on. Putin spells out how it’s all inflamed rhetoric before an election season, an old trick used by politicians to distract when they have no meaningful solutions for internal and domestic problems. Thus, the Russophobia drama may well die down after the election.Here is Vladimir Putin in his own words :“You can expect anything from our American friends … the only novelty is that for the first time, on the highest level, the United States has admitted involvement in these activities, and to some extent threatened [us] – which of course does not meet the standards of international communication. “As if we didn’t know that US Government bodies snoop on and wiretap anyone? Everyone knows this …“Apparently, they are nervous. The question is why. I think there is a reason. You know, in an election campaign, the current government carefully crafts a pre-election strategy, and any government, especially when seeking re-election, always has unresolved issues. “They need to show, to explain to the voters why they remain unresolved. In the US, there are many such problems … for example, the massive public debt is a time bomb for the US economy and global financial system … more examples can be cited in foreign policy … in these conditions, many choose to resort to the usual tactics of distracting voters from their problems … try to create an enemy and rally the nation against that enemy …“Iran and the Iranian threat did not work well for that. Russia is a more interesting story.”And that’s exactly what this whole thing is: a giant story. However, as Voltaire once said, if you can make someone believe absurdities, you can make them commit atrocities. Let’s see what else Vladimir Putin has to say on other topics of interest. Blame everything on the Russians Russian Hacking: A Laughable Claim so the Clintons and DNC Can Try to Avoid Culpability Let’s face it: the whole Russophobia affair is about avoiding blame, dodging responsibility and evading liability.Thanks to WikiLeaks, Project Veritas and many other sources, we know the entire Hillary Clinton campaign has been rigged beyond belief. Fake primaries, fake speeches, fake images, fake videos, fake crowds and fake supporters.There is seemingly no depth of criminality to which that woman won’t sink. She’s selling out the presidency before she even gets there, such as the stunt of trying to promise future presidential executive orders to mega donors. There is not a shred of evidence that Russia is affiliated with WikiLeaks or behind any of the DNC hacks. As this Zero Hedge article NSA Whistleblower: US Intelligence Worker Likely Behind DNC Leaks, Not Russia states:“On “Judge Napolitano Chambers,” the Judge said that while the DNC, government officials, and the Clinton campaign all accuse the Russians of hacking into the DNC servers, “the Russians had nothing to do with it.”Napolitano then mentioned Binney, arguing the NSA veteran and whistleblower who “developed the software that the NSA now uses, which allows it to capture not just metadata but content of every telephone call, text message, email in the United States of every person in [the country]” knew the NSA had hacked the DNC — not the Russians.“If Judge Napolitano and Binney are right and the NSA did hack the DNC, what was the motive?According to the Judge, “members of the intelligence community simply do not want [Clinton] to be president of the United States.”“She doesn’t know how to handle state secrets,” Napolitano continued. And since “some of the state secrets that she revealed used the proper true names of American intelligence agents operating undercover in the Middle East,” some of these agents were allegedly captured and killed, prompting NSA agents to feel compelled to act. “Whether NSA agents hacked the DNC or not, one thing is clear: there’s no real evidence linking the DNC and Arizona and Illinois voting system hacks to the Russian government.” The Mythical “Russian Threat” Vladimir Putin directly addressed another mythical story, that of the so-called Russian threat and Russian aggression, at the recent Valdai forum in Sochi from October 24-27, 2016:“There is another mechanism to ensure the transatlantic security, European security, the OC security and their attempt at turning this organization (NATO) into an instrument of someone’s political interests. So what the OC is doing is simply void. Mythical threats are devised like the so-called Russian military threat. “Certainly this can be (used to) gain some advantage, get new budgets, make your allies comply with your demands, make NATO deploy the equipment and troops closer to our border … Russia is not trying to attack anyone. “That would be ridiculous … The population of Europe is 300 million … and the population of the US is 300 million, while the population of Russia is 140 million, yet such menaces are served as a pretext. Hysteria has been fueled in the US with regard to Russia’s alleged influence with the current presidential election.”“Is there anyone who seriously thinks that Russia can influence the choice of the American people? Is the US a banana republic? The US is a great power. If I’m wrong please correct me.” Here’s what he had to say about who the real aggressor is when it comes to the US and Russia: “Is it know to you that Russia, in the 90s, completely halted (as did the USSR) any strategic aviation in the further afield regions of patrol, i.e. not in the closer abroad. We halted such activity completely. “US geostrategic aviation however, with nuclear weapons on board. They continued to encircle us! What for? Who are you concerned about? Or why are you threatening us? “We continued with the non-patrol year after year. It is only since about 3 years ago that we restarted aviation patrol further abroad. Which party is the provocateur here? Is it us?“We have only 2 military bases abroad. They are known areas of terrorism dangers … US bases on the other hand are all over the world. And you are telling me that I am the aggressor? Have you any common sense?“What are US forces doing in Europe, including nuclear weaponry? What business have they got there? Listen to me. Our military budget, while increased slightly from last year, in the dollar equivalent, is about US$50 billion.“The military budget of the Pentagon is almost 10 times that amount. $575 billion, I think Congress singed off on. And you’re telling me I’m the aggressor here? Have you no common sense at all? “Is it us putting our forces on the border of the US? Or other states? Is it NATO, or who, that is moving their bases closer to us? Military infrastructure! It’s not us. “Does anyone even listen to us? Or try to have some kind of dialogue with us? The repeated answer we get is ‘mind your own business’ and ‘each country can choose its own security measures’. Very well, so will we …“And finally, on the antiballistic missile defense system, who was it that exited from the treaty which was vital to the entire system of international security? Was it us? No. It was the States. “In a one-sided way, they simply withdrew from the treaty. Now they are threatening us, turning their missiles towards us, not only from Alaska, but also from Europe too …“We want to develop normal relations in the sphere of security, in the fight against terrorism, in the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. We want to work together with you … so long as you want that too.” More David Icke humor: right now everything is the fault of Vladimir Putin and the Russians US Repeatedly Broke Its Promises to Russia and Destroyed Trust The Western MSM is so one-sided in its coverage of geopolitical events like Ukraine and Syria. Anyone not toeing the line with US-UK-NATO interests is painted in a bad light. In point of fact, it has actually been the US who has been breaking agreements with Russia since the end of the Cold War. US leaders lied to Russian leaders at the time, by promising that NATO would not extend any further eastward, and possibly even hinting that Russia could join NATO.As Eric Zuesse explains in his article America Trashes NATO Founding Act; Rushes Weapons to Russia’s Borders :“The NATO Founding Act was agreed to between the US and Russia in 1997 in order to provide to Russia’s leader Boris Yeltsin some modicum of assurance that America wouldn’t invade his country. “When his predecessor Mikhail Gorbachev had ended the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact military alliance in 1991, the representatives of US President GHW Bush told him that NATO wouldn’t move «one inch to the east» (toward Russia), but as soon as Gorbachev committed himself to end the Cold War, Bush told his agents, regarding what they had all promised to Gorbachev (Bush’s promise which had been conveyed through them), «To hell with that! We prevailed, they didn’t».“In other words: Bush’s prior instructions to them were merely his lies to Gorbachev, his lies to say that the US wouldn’t try to conquer Russia (move its forces eastward to Russia’s borders); but, now, since Gorbachev was committed and had already agreed that East Germany was to be reunited with and an extension of West Germany (and the process for doing that had begun), Bush pulled that rug of lies out from under the end of the Cold War …”Bill Clinton carried on the great American legacy of exceptionalism (that is, excepting themselves from obeying international law) spearheaded by Daddy Bush of surrounding and dominating Russia by allowing NATO into the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland. Russia got shafted by trusting the US numerous times after the fall of the Soviet Union. Here’s Vladimir Putin once again on America’s broken promises (in April 2016):“In the early 2000s, we agreed with the Americans to destroy weapons-grade plutonium, on both sides. We were talking about the excessive amounts that were manufactured by both the US and Russia. This is the enriched uranium from which nuclear weapons are made. 34000 tonnes, from both sides. “We signed an agreement, and decided that this material would be destroyed in a specific manner. It would be destroyed in an industrial way – for which special plants needed to be built. We fulfilled our obligations – we built the necessary plant. Our American partners did not. “Moreover, recently they announced that rather than destroy the enriched material in the manner that we agreed, and signed an international agreement on, that they would dilute it and store it in a holding capacity. This means they retain the potential to bring it back …“Surely our American partners must understand that, jokes are one thing, such as creating smear campaigns against Russia, but questions of nuclear security are another thing entirely … they must learn to fulfill their promises.“They once said they would close down Guantanamo. And? Is it closed? No.”Incidentally, this is the exact same plutonium agreement which made the news last month, when as reported on October 3rd, 216, Russia suspended their deal with the US on disposal of plutonium from decommissioned nuclear warheads.A decree signed by Vladimir Putin lists “the radical change in the environment, a threat to strategic stability posed by the hostile actions of the US against Russia, and the inability of the US to deliver on the obligation to dispose of excessive weapons plutonium under international treaties, as well as the need to take swift action to defend Russian security” as the reasons for why Russia chose to suspend the deal. Conclusion: Wake up and Smell the Russophobia Expect Vladimir Putin and Russia to keep being demonized by the Clintons – and more importantly the NWO manipulators who so desperately want them in power. Although the Clintons are a powerful modern American mafia family, replete with a long body count behind them, it’s important to remember they are lackeys for far greater and more pervasive powers (check out some of Hillary’s lovey-dovey letters to Lynn Forester de Rothschild here ). There’s a lot at stake here. Right now, Vladimir Putin and Russia are being used with the sole purpose of getting Clinton elected. Although Putin is not perfect and has his own dark side, he deserves respect for standing his ground and refusing to become another US puppet. If we are to believe his own words, he has no qualm with Americans or even America itself, but rather the selfish, imperialistic and murderous agenda of the NWO agents running the USA:“We have a great deal of respect and love for the United States, and especially for the American people … [however] the expansion of jurisdiction by one nation beyond the territory of its borders, to the rest of the world, is unacceptable and destructive for international relations.”It’s up to the American public to switch off CNN (Clinton News Network) and all the other duplicitous MSM channels and get truly informed. Vladimir Putin is reaching out his hand to America, in the hope that enough Americans can reclaim their country and work together with other nations in peace. On the issue of Vladimir Putin and Russia, the MSM is not just one-sided, it’s outright lying. By Makia Freeman Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
14262,‘More Extreme than Justice Scalia’ — Left-wing Activists Sound the Alarm Over Gorsuch - Breitbart,"  activists reacted immediately to Donald Trump’s choice of Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat. [“He represents an existential threat to legal abortion in the United States and must never wear the robes of a Supreme Court justice,” an online statement from NARAL read.  Other   organizations agreed. “Donald Trump’s nominee, Neil Gorsuch, has an alarming history of interfering with reproductive rights and health. He ruled that bosses should be able to deny women access to birth control coverage,” wrote Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards in a fundraising letter calling for supporters to donate. The   organization also debuted a hashtag #NoRoeNoGo for activists to share. Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune, described Gorsuch as “more extreme than Justice Scalia. ” “Gorsuch has proven himself hostile to environmental protection, women’s rights, and the rights of workers and cannot be trusted to protect our air, our water, or our communities,” he said in a statement. Climate change alarmist group NextGen also opposed Gorsuch’s nomination in a statement from billionaire funder Tom Steyer. “In light of Trump’s despotic tendencies and Russia’s role in his election, the Senate must reject any nominee whose allegiance to our Constitution and our most fundamental rights is in doubt,” he wrote in a statement.",0
14263,Kurds decide to get on US nerves,"Kurds decide to get on US nerves 07.11.2016 | Source: AP Photo Falah Bakir, Head of the Kurdistan Regional Government (in Iraq) Department of Foreign Relations, reported, that he had asked for military and humanitarian aid while meeting with the Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov. 'We asked for humanitarian aid to render support to refugees, that came to the Iraqi Kurdistan from other regions of the country, as well as from Syria,' Bakir said. The situation in the Kurdish area of Iraq has reached its critical point. Have they addressed someone else, or just Russia? Anton Mardasov, a military expert at the Institute of Innovative Development, head of the Department of the Middle Eastern conflicts , commented Pravda.Ru on the issue. The Iraqi Kurds had great relations with the Soviet Union , at the time Primakov headed the Kurdish direction. Masud Barzani (President of the Kurdish autonomy in Iraq)studied in the USSR. Thus, there are some ties. But any deliveries to the Iraqi Kurdistan require agreement with the central Iraqi government in Baghdad. For the moment it's not quite clear what the Kurds are asking for. It should be noted that there are several US military facilities in Kurdistan. What is more, huge oil industry is operating in the Iraqi Kurdistan, it means they do not have financial difficulties and can afford buying everything they need. Thus, I believe it's a political step. Maybe they'd like to get on the Americans' nerves. The situation is very difficult. So, we should cooperate and carry on a diplomatic and political dialogue, but real steps should be calculated very thoroughly. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru",0
14264,LOL! MAD magazine designed HILARIOUS movie poster based on #PodestaEmails for Hillary’s new flick,"LOL! MAD magazine designed HILARIOUS movie poster based on #PodestaEmails for Hillary’s new flick Posted at 12:55 pm on October 27, 2016 by Sam J. 
Don’t think Hillary is going to find this particular poster from MAD all that funny … 
but we laughed. 
— MAD Magazine (@MADmagazine) October 27, 2016 
Admit it, you’d go see this movie just because of the movie poster. Trending",0
14265,"Pneumonia, Polyps and Gunshots: A Short History of Presidential Health - The New York Times","Hillary Clinton’s bout of pneumonia and the criticism of how little she and her opponent, Donald J. Trump, have made public about their medical histories thrust questions of transparency about health to the center of the presidential campaign this week, with both candidates promising to release more detailed records in the coming days. While the public scrutiny of modern campaigns has made speculation about the health of presidential candidates more relentless, concerns about the fitness of candidates for office have long been a hallmark of American politics, with many hopefuls trying to conceal their maladies and opponents doing their best to exploit signs of weakness. From brushing off gunshot wounds to working through paralysis, presidents, and those seeking the office, have been no strangers to challenging ailments. Here are a few of history’s most prominent examples. The revelation that Mrs. Clinton had pneumonia instantly drew comparisons to William Henry Harrison, the ninth president, whose tenure was the shortest in the country’s history. Harrison died from pneumonia, according to his doctor, in 1841, a month after delivering a   inaugural address on a blustery day. Being underdressed in bad weather was blamed for causing an illness that quickly spiraled out of control. Doctors treated him with opium and other medications that proved to be useless. Historians continue to debate the true cause of Harrison’s death, and some scholars have wondered whether his history of dyspepsia, rather than pneumonia, was really to blame. According to one theory, the White House’s lack of a proper sewage system may have contaminated its water supply with pathogens that poisoned the president. _____ Mrs. Clinton’s campaign said that she had wanted to push through her pneumonia after it was diagnosed last Friday. For Douglas Brinkley, a Rice University historian, the urge to put politics before health echoed Theodore Roosevelt. In 1912, Roosevelt, a former president, was running again with the Progressive “Bull Moose” Party when he was shot in the chest before he was to deliver a speech in Milwaukee. The manuscript of the speech, which was in his coat pocket, cushioned the blow and saved his life. Gritting through the pain, he delivered a shortened version of the speech anyway, declaring, “It takes more than that to kill a bull moose. ” “He thought if he went to a hospital and seemed infirm, it would lower his chances of winning,” Mr. Brinkley said of Roosevelt, who ultimately lost the election. _____ President Woodrow Wilson had a debilitating stroke in 1919, leaving him incapacitated and raising questions about who was really running the executive branch. Scholars such as Edwin A. Weinstein, a neuropsychiatrist, spent years studying Wilson’s old correspondence to determine that he had experienced smaller strokes dating back to 1898, which might have foreshadowed his health problems later in life. Transparency was particularly problematic at the time, as Wilson’s wife, Edith, and his doctor allegedly orchestrated a   to prevent the public from learning about his deteriorating condition. _____ Health was always something of a concern for Franklin D. Roosevelt, who was partly paralyzed and was vigilant about keeping his wheelchair hidden from the public. But it was when he sought his fourth term as president in 1944 that his opponents seized on his diminished strength and failing faculties in hopes of finally defeating him. Documents in Roosevelt’s presidential library show how the “whispering campaign” of his rival Thomas E. Dewey tried to paint Roosevelt as a “tired old man,” and how Roosevelt campaigned more aggressively to demonstrate that he still had vigor. Privately, Roosevelt’s doctors had warned that he had high blood pressure and was at a high risk of heart failure. In April 1945, Roosevelt collapsed and died from a cerebral hemorrhage. _____ In 1960, John F. Kennedy declared himself the “healthiest candidate for president in the country. ” But despite his youthful good looks, Kennedy was battling a variety of ailments, including Addison’s disease, an autoimmune disorder that affects the adrenal glands. Despite efforts by his family to hide the disorder, which can be   pathologists who conducted his autopsy revealed in 1992 that Kennedy, who was assassinated at the age of 46, had been taking hormone replacement supplements to control the rare condition. Some suggested that he might have lost the 1960 election to Richard M. Nixon if the extent of his health problems had been known. A more extensive batch of medical records made public in 2002 showed that Kennedy also lived in considerable discomfort, taking painkillers,   agents, stimulants and sleeping pills. He was also hospitalized for back and intestinal problems and had osteoporosis. _____ The oldest president ever to take office, Ronald Reagan endured an assassination attempt and the removal of cancerous polyps from his colon. Some historians have blamed the colon surgery, in 1985, for poor decisions Reagan made related to the   scandal while he was recuperating. Reagan transferred power briefly to Vice President George Bush, but rushed back to work. “Reagan made a serious mistake in taking back his powers and duties,” said Robert Gilbert, an emeritus professor of political science at Northeastern University and an expert on illness in the White House. According to Mr. Gilbert, Reagan’s aides prevented people from seeing him because he was unwell, and he made decisions while hospitalized that he later did not remember.",0
14266,Scientists See Push From Climate Change in Louisiana Flooding - The New York Times,"Climate change has increased the likelihood of torrential downpours along the Gulf Coast like those that led to deadly floods in southern Louisiana last month, scientists said Wednesday. Using historical records of rainfall and computer models that simulate climate, the researchers, including several from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, found that global warming increased the chances of such intense rains in the region by at least 40 percent. “But it’s probably much closer to a doubling of the probability” of such an event, or a 100 percent increase, said Heidi Cullen, chief scientist for Climate Central, the research organization that coordinated the study. “Climate change played a very clear and quantifiable role,” she added. A storm carrying large amounts of moisture from the Gulf of Mexico stalled over southern Louisiana in   bringing several days of apocalyptic rain  —   up to two feet in 48 hours  —   that caused record flooding in Baton Rouge and elsewhere. The authorities said 13 people were killed and about 55, 000 homes and 6, 000 businesses were damaged in what is now considered the nation’s worst natural disaster since Hurricane Sandy, the storm that hit the Northeast in 2012. Gov. John Bel Edwards, who was forced to flee the flooding with his family, said damage was expected to be close to $9 billion. Climate scientists have long said that a warming atmosphere and oceans should lead to more intense and frequent rainstorms, because there will be greater evaporation, and warmer air holds more moisture. But until recent years most scientists have said it was not possible to link any single event to climate change. That is changing with the development of attribution studies, which use statistical analysis and climate modeling to compare the likelihood of an event occurring before industrialization, when there were essentially no   emissions, and now, when the world is putting tens of billions of tons of carbon dioxide into the air each year. Normally such studies can take months, largely because of the computer time required to run climate simulations. But the Louisiana study is the latest “ ” research intended to determine the effect, if any, of climate change as close to the event as possible, to help inform policy makers and the public. To speed the research, World Weather Attribution, the   research team that conducted this study, used models that have already been run. They were developed by NOAA scientists at the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory in Princeton, N. J. and are sophisticated enough to capture the many different elements that contribute to weather in the Gulf Coast region, said Karin van der Wiel, a research associate at the laboratory. “Hurricanes, frontal systems, thunderstorms  —   there are so many different ways to get a lot of precipitation” in the region, Dr. van der Wiel said. “It’s very important that the models realistically represent the weather. ” World Weather Attribution has conducted several similar studies in the past two years, including one earlier this year that linked floods in France in April to climate change. But the Louisiana study was the most difficult one yet because of the many factors involved for the Gulf Coast, said Geert Jan van Oldenborgh, a member of the team from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute. This was the first time that NOAA has participated in a rapid attribution study. Monica Allen, a NOAA spokeswoman, said the agency would consider taking part in future studies. “Researchers, communities and businesses alike see the value in these analyses,” she said. “They help us grapple with what has happened and strengthen our ability to stay resilient to future events. ” Barry D. Keim, Louisiana’s state climatologist and a professor at Louisiana State University, said that while he was not familiar with World Weather Attribution’s methods, “I’m just not convinced that we can attribute any single event to climate change. ” Nonetheless, he said, “there are some general consistencies between this event and climate change. ”",0
14267,Edward Enninful Is Named Editor in Chief at British Vogue - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Edward Enninful, the creative and fashion director of the American magazine W, is set to replace Alexandra Shulman as editor in chief of British Vogue, its parent company, Condé Nast, confirmed on Monday. The first man and the first black editor to take the helm of Britain’s most powerful fashion publication in its   history, Mr. Enninful will begin his new role Aug. 1. A top stylist and acclaimed fashion director who migrated to Britain from Ghana as a child, the    Mr. Enninful is known for his cheerful demeanor, his legendary fashion covers and for having an army of loyal fans in and out of the fashion business. He received an Order of the British Empire in June for his services to diversity in the fashion industry. Condé Nast’s international chairman and chief executive, Jonathan Newhouse, called Mr. Enninful “an influential figure in the communities of fashion, Hollywood and music which shape the cultural zeitgeist,” and added that “by virtue of his talent and experience, Edward is supremely prepared to assume the responsibility of British Vogue. ” The appointment comes three months after Mr. Newhouse named another man, Emanuele Farneti, to the helm of Italian Vogue, following the death of Franca Sozzani. Mr. Enninful was an unexpected choice. Here are four things to know ahead of his arrival at British Vogue’s headquarters in Hanover Square: Born in Ghana, Mr. Enninful was raised by his seamstress mother in the Ladbroke Grove area of London, alongside five siblings. At 16, he became a model for the British magazine   after being scouted while traveling on the Tube, London’s subway system. He has called modeling his “baptism into fashion. ” By 17, he was assisting on photography shoots for the publication with the stylists Simon Foxton and Beth Summers. In 1991, at 18, he took over from Ms. Summers as   fashion editor, making him one of the   leaders of a major fashion publication. He also obtained a degree from Goldsmiths, University of London. After two decades at   Mr. Enninful worked for Italian Vogue, American Vogue and most recently W, where he was credited with bringing a more conceptualized, quirky and   aesthetic, buoying declining advertiser interest in the magazine. Mr. Enninful was a driving force behind the “grunge” movement of the 1990s, and he became a contributing editor to Italian Vogue in 1998. He spearheaded the magazine’s “Black Issue,” declaring his intention to end the “  that dominates the catwalks and magazines. ” The issue was so successful that Condé Nast printed an extra 40, 000 copies. Another notable shoot depicted Linda Evangelista in Chanel, her face wrapped in bandages, as if she’d just had plastic surgery. Outside his editorial work, Mr. Enninful has guided many of the biggest fashion brands on their advertising campaigns, including Giorgio Armani, Christian Dior, Dolce  Gabbana, Mulberry, Valentino, Calvin Klein, Fendi, Gucci, Hugo Boss and Missoni. In 2014, Mr. Enninful received the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator at the British Fashion Awards. The prize commemorates a stylist, makeup artist, photographer, art director or producer for outstanding contributions to the sector. There are few individuals as supremely well connected as Mr. Enninful, who rose through the ranks alongside peers such as the makeup artist Pat McGrath, the photographer Mario Testino and the supermodels Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell. His Rolodex extends far beyond the realms of fashion: His social media accounts groan under the weight of regular congratulations and mutual proclamations of adoration by   celebrities including Rihanna, Nicki Minaj and Pharrell. His Twitter profile depicts him standing with  Michelle Obama. He is generally known to be gracious and friendly, characteristics that are not traditionally associated with the fashion industry’s uppermost echelons. Although there are a handful of notable exceptions, the fashion industry has a dearth of black power players, and that had been a source of immense frustration for Mr. Enninful, who has made a considerable effort to improve things. He has made headlines with accusations of racism, including after he was assigned to sit in the second row at a couture show in Paris in 2013 when white “counterparts” were in the first. Last year, he wore an Alexander McQueen suit and a Turnbull  Asser shirt to the ceremony for his O. B. E. awarded as part of Queen Elizabeth II’s annual birthday honors, for his services to diversify the sector. He brought along his family, and his close friend Naomi Campbell to Buckingham Palace and described the moment as “one of my proudest. ” “If you had told my    self that this would one day be possible, He wouldn’t have believed you,” he wrote on Instagram. He celebrated at the private Mark’s Club in the Mayfair neighborhood. With his appointment at British Vogue, Mr. Enninful will be the first nonwhite man to edit a mainstream women’s fashion magazine.",0
14268,"ALERT: If You See This Tag on Your Voting Machine, Demand a Paper Ballot","Conservative Tribune 
Voters don’t typically think much about the voting machines they’re using, but this election season, what kind of voting machine used might end up being critical in how the election turns out. 
That’s because Smartmatic, a U.K.-based technology company that provides voting machines to countries around the world, has deep connections to leftist billionaire George Soros . 
Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, the chairman of Smartmatic, is on the board of Soros’ Open Society Foundations . He was the former vice chairman of Soros’ Investment Funds and the deputy secretary general of the United Nations when he worked as Kofi Annan’s chief of staff. 
Malloch-Brown has also worked with consulting firms that have ties to Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and husband, Bill. He was an international partner with the Sawyer-Miller consulting firm, and he was also a senior adviser to FTI Consulting, which handled communications under contract for Bill Clinton’s 1992 run for the presidency. 
Top Clinton adviser Mandy Grunwald is a Sawyer-Miller alum. Grunwald was in charge of the firm’s communication contract for former President Bill Clinton’s 1992 presidential run. She also headed up communications for Hillary Clinton’s 2008 presidential bid. 
Jackson Dunn, senior managing director with FTI Consulting, worked as an aide to both Bill Clinton and Hilllary Clinton. 
Those are troubling connections. 
Smartmatic claimed it had provided 15 states and the District of Columbia with voting machines: Arizona, California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. So be on the lookout for signs that your precinct is using Smartmatic products. 
Smartmatic’s website included a graphic describing how the company has contributed to U.S. elections from 2006 to 2015 with “57,000 voting and counting machines deployed” and “35 million voters 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
14269,"Former Ambassador Andrew Young Calls for End to Water Fluoridation, “Civil Rights Issue”","By Brandon Turbeville Anti-fluoridation activists in Georgia received a major boost of support when former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations under Jimmy Carter, Andrew Young, sent a letter to... ",0
14270,"Ft. Lauderdale Shooter Booked, Then Canceled, New Year’s Eve Flight to New York","Esteban Santiago Ruiz, the gunman who killed five and injured six in Fort Lauderdale Airport last week, had previously booked a flight to New York on December 31, but he canceled the flight and flew to Florida instead. [ABC News cites law enforcement authorities confirming that Santiago bought a ticket to New York City for New Year’s Eve. They do not have a clear reason why he decided to change his   trip, though they suspect that “the highly visible presence of NYPD officers throughout the city on New Year’s Eve could have been an effective deterrent. ” There is no evidence that Santiago went beyond buying the plane ticket, such as arranging for lodging. He did not appear to book lodging in Florida, either, though he has family in the area.  Older brother Bryan Santiago told the Orlando   that Esteban Santiago has a   in Naples, Florida, due west of Fort Lauderdale, and that the two had spoken shortly before the attack. “He called my older brother, and my brother told him ‘Come to Naples anytime you want. There is always a place for you to stay with me,’” Bryan Santiago said. The FBI has yet to confirm a motive for Santiago’s attack. On Saturday, the FBI special agent in charge of the investigation, George Piro, told reporters that they had not found any evidence that Santiago had been consuming jihadist content on social media. “We’re looking over all of his social media, things like that. It’s giving us a picture of the individual, but it’s way too early for us to rule out anything,” Piro said. Santiago had mentioned the Islamic State to authorities before the attack, however. In November, Santiago visited the FBI offices in Anchorage, Alaska, where he had been living, to declare that the U. S. government was forcing him to watch Islamic State videos and fight for the Islamic State. The FBI confiscated his registered firearm and, after a psychological evaluation, eventually returned it. Police have not confirmed whether this weapon was the one used in the attack. Aside from the Islamic State references to the FBI, few leads appear to indicate that Santiago was a radicalized terrorist. Alaska’s only mosque, the Islamic Community Center of Alaska, told the Miami Herald it has “no connection with this guy whatsoever,” and no witnesses have claimed Santiago ever attended the mosque or spoke of Islam to them. Bryan Santiago told the   Santiago has “never been a Muslim. He’s always been a Christian,” and that the keffiyeh scarf he is seen wearing in a photo circulating online was a “souvenir he bought in Iraq when he was serving in the military. ” Bryan Santiago did confirm that his brother had confided in him about his concerns regarding the CIA. “He started talking to me, you know, that he’s seeing   …     weird things, that he’s hearing voices, that the government is using him   …     that the CIA is sending him secret codes to his laptop, and that he don’t want to do that. ” Bryan Santiago said he told his brother to “go to the church or to psychologist or something. ” Santiago served nearly a decade in the U. S. armed forces, first in the Puerto Rico National Guard and then the Alaska National Guard. He was deployed to Iraq in 2010, reportedly diffusing improvised explosive devices, and two of his company were killed in that deployment. Multiple relatives have told various news outlets that his deployment to Iraq appeared to change him.   Michelle Quiñones told ABC News that Santiago sought help from the Department of Veterans Affairs following his return from Iraq in 2011. “We had let veterans know that he was having some mental problems, that he wasn’t feeling alright and they did nothing,” she asserted. Santiago is facing the death penalty for the mass murder he allegedly committed on Friday, and is currently being held on suicide watch. With no more than $10 in his bank accounts, Santiago cannot afford a lawyer, and the government has provided public legal counsel. His family hopes to save him from capital punishment given years of apparent mental illness. “We are struggling to prove that he had mental problems, that he communicated them and asked authorities for help, and due to that these criminal charges are not viable,” Brian Santiago told the   Primera Hora. The mayor of the Santiago family hometown of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico, Walter Torres Maldonado, has offered financial aid to the family should they seek to travel to Florida, as well as psychological counseling should they need it.",0
14271,"Video: Islamic State Tears Down Statues, Burns Cathedral Down in Philippines","Islamic State jihadis fighting to establish a caliphate in Marawi, the Philippines’ only “Islamic city,” released a video this week showing the complete destruction of the city’s St. Mary’s Cathedral. [Islamic State (ISIS) terrorists affiliated with the local jihadi outfits, Maute group and Abu Sayyaf, overran the city in May, taking Christians hostage, killing anyone who could not recite Quranic verses, and flying the Islamic State flag over the city’s mosques. President Rodrigo Duterte imposed a   martial law period over the entire island of Mindanao, where Marawi is located, and has launched an airstrike offensive against the terrorists.  Philippine authorities believe that many of those fighting in Marawi are not indigenous jihadis but foreigners who have traveled to the Philippines to help establish an ISIS caliphate there. ISIS’s Amaq News Agency has helped bolster this belief by releasing two propaganda videos from Marawi. The latest, released this week, shows ISIS jihadis within St. Mary’s Cathedral. Shot in a style similar to videos that showed the destruction of the Mosul Museum in Iraq, the terrorists tore down all the statues within the Roman Catholic church, breaking them apart with hammers and stomping on them. They took down the large cross that adorns the church, as well as trampling the baby Jesus and tearing apart a photo of Pope Benedict XVI. The terrorists then set the building on fire: “That is blasphemy! It’s unacceptable. It’s obvious that their actions are really out of this world. It’s demonic,” Bishop Edwin de la Peña of Marawi said in an article posted on the Catholic Bishops’ Conference of the Philippines, according to the Philippine Inquirer. “We are angered by what happened. Our faith has really been trampled on. ” De la Peña had previously confirmed the abduction of Vicar General Father Teresito Soganub, along with a number of other church officials and believers in the church at the time. “It happened in fact on the eve of Mary’s feast: we ask her for help” because “only she can come to our aid,” de la Pena said in a statement. “We also make an appeal to Pope Francis to pray for us and to ask the terrorists to release the hostages, in the name of our common humanity. ” The terrorists featured Soganub in a video released last week, in which the priest stands before a pile of rubble and implores Duterte to cease the airstrike campaign against ISIS or they will kill all the hostages. Following the release of that video, Amaq published another short film showing terrorists fighting on the streets of Marawi, greeting each other with “Allahu akbar. ” The Inquirer notes that some of those seen in the latest video appear to be teens and young adults, fitting the profiles of the terrorists that eyewitnesses have provided the media. Philippine police and military officers tell reporters their intelligence suggests that they have no plans of fleeing and have stockpiled weapons and food in the city, expecting an extended battle. “There are underground tunnels and basements that even a   (bomb) cannot destroy,” Maj. Gen. Carlito Galvez, head of the military command in Western Mindanao, told the BBC. While the struggle to liberate the city of its ISIS presence continues, police announced one major breakthrough on Tuesday: the arrest of senior leaders of the Maute group who had attempted to flee to Davao, the Mindanao city where President Rodrigo Duterte governed as mayor for 22 years and continues to call home. Among those arrested was Cayamora Maute, the father of the Maute brothers who gave the terrorist group its name. Duterte is now offering a five million peso ($101, 040. 75) reward for each of the Maute brothers, Abdullah and Omar, the leaders of the local terrorist group. The government is also offering twice that for the capture of Isnilon Hapilon, the head of Abu Sayyaf. The United States has also placed a $5 million bounty on Hapilon. Both Maute and Abu Sayyaf have pledged allegiance to ISIS caliph Abu Bakr   and appear to be working together in Marawi. One Islamist group that has not joined forces with the ISIS affiliates, however, is the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) and its affiliate, the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF). Both are Muslim separatist groups that have supported Duterte since his presidential candidacy was announced, largely due to his regard for Muslims in the nation’s south. The MNLF has offered to fight alongside the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) against ISIS. The MILF has called for the release of Father Soganub, citing his efforts to foster interfaith trust.",0
14272,The Clintons and Soros launch America’s Purple Revolution,"Wayne MADSEN | 11.11.2016 | WORLD The Clintons and Soros launch America’s Purple Revolution Defeated Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton is not about to «go quietly into that good night». On the morning after her surprising and unanticipated defeat at the hands of Republican Party upstart Donald Trump, Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, entered the ball room of the art-deco New Yorker hotel in midtown Manhattan and were both adorned in purple attire. The press immediately noticed the color and asked what it represented. Clinton spokespeople claimed it was to represent the coming together of Democratic «Blue America» and Republican «Red America» into a united purple blend. This statement was a complete ruse as is known by citizens of countries targeted in the past by the vile political operations of international hedge fund tycoon George Soros. The Clintons, who both have received millions of dollars in campaign contributions and Clinton Foundation donations from Soros, were, in fact, helping to launch Soros’s «Purple Revolution» in America. The Purple Revolution will resist all efforts by the Trump administration to push back against the globalist policies of the Clintons and soon-to-be ex-President Barack Obama. The Purple Revolution will also seek to make the Trump administration a short one through Soros-style street protests and political disruption. It is doubtful that President Trump’s aides will advise the new president to carry out a diversionary criminal investigation of Mrs. Clinton’s private email servers and other issues related to the activities of the Clinton Foundation, especially when the nation faces so many other pressing issues, including jobs, immigration, and health care. However, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said he will continue hearings in the Republican-controlled Congress on Hillary Clinton, the Clinton Foundation, and Mrs. Clinton’s aide Huma Abedin . President Trump should not allow himself to be distracted by these efforts. Chaffetz was not one of Trump’s most loyal supporters. America’s globalists and interventionists are already pushing the meme that because so many establishment and entrenched national security and military «experts» opposed Trump’s candidacy, Trump is «required» to call on them to join his administration because there are not enough such «experts» among Trump’s inner circle of advisers. Discredited neo-conservatives from George W. Bush’s White House, such as Iraq war co-conspirator Stephen Hadley, are being mentioned as someone Trump should have join his National Security Council and other senior positions. George H. W. Bush’s Secretary of State James Baker, a die-hard Bush loyalist, is also being proffered as a member of Trump’s White House team. There is absolutely no reason for Trump to seek the advice from old Republican fossils like Baker, Hadley, former Secretaries of State Rice and Powell, the lunatic former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, and others. There are plenty of Trump supporters who have a wealth of experience in foreign and national security matters, including those of African, Haitian, Hispanic, and Arab descent and who are not neocons, who can fill Trump’s senior- and middle-level positions. Trump must distance himself from sudden well-wishing neocons, adventurists, militarists, and interventionists and not permit them to infest his administration. If Mrs. Clinton had won the presidency, an article on the incoming administration would have read as follows: «Based on the militarism and foreign adventurism of her term as Secretary of State and her husband Bill Clinton’s two terms as president, the world is in store for major American military aggression on multiple fronts around the world. President-elect Hillary Clinton has made no secret of her desire to confront Russia militarily, diplomatically, and economically in the Middle East, on Russia’s very doorstep in eastern Europe, and even within the borders of the Russian Federation. Mrs. Clinton has dusted off the long-discredited ‘containment’ policy ushered into effect by Professor George F. Kennan in the aftermath of World War. Mrs. Clinton’s administration will likely promote the most strident neo-Cold Warriors of the Barack Obama administration, including Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Victoria Nuland, a personal favorite of Clinton». President-elect Trump cannot afford to permit those who are in the same web as Nuland, Hadley, Bolton, and others to join his administration where they would metastasize like an aggressive form of cancer. These individuals would not carry out Trump’s policies but seek to continue to damage America’s relations with Russia, China, Iran, Cuba, and other nations. Not only must Trump have to deal with Republican neocons trying to worm their way into his administration, but he must deal with the attempt by Soros to disrupt his presidency and the United States with a Purple Revolution No sooner had Trump been declared the 45 th president of the United States, Soros-funded political operations launched their activities to disrupt Trump during Obama’s lame-duck period and thereafter. The swiftness of the Purple Revolution is reminiscent of the speed at which protesters hit the streets of Kiev, the Ukrainian capital, in two Orange Revolutions sponsored by Soros, one in 2004 and the other, ten years later, in 2014. As the Clintons were embracing purple in New York, street demonstrations, some violent, all coordinated by the Soros-funded Moveon.org and «Black Lives Matter», broke out in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Oakland, Nashville, Cleveland, Washington, Austin, Seattle, Philadelphia, Richmond, St. Paul, Kansas City, Omaha, San Francisco, and some 200 other cities across the United States. The Soros-financed Russian singing group «Pussy Riot» released on YouTube an anti-Trump music video titled «Make America Great Again». The video went «viral» on the Internet. The video, which is profane and filled with violent acts, portrays a dystopian Trump presidency. Following the George Soros/Gene Sharp script to a tee, Pussy Riot member Nadya Tolokonnikova called for anti-Trump Americans to turn their anger into art, particularly music and visual art. The use of political graffiti is a popular Sharp tactic. The street protests and anti-Trump music and art were the first phase of Soros’s Purple Revolution in America. President-elect Trump is facing a two-pronged attack by his opponents. One, led by entrenched neo-con bureaucrats, including former Central Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency director Michael Hayden, former Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, and Bush family loyalists are seeking to call the shots on who Trump appoints to senior national security, intelligence, foreign policy, and defense positions in his administration. These neo-Cold Warriors are trying to convince Trump that he must maintain the Obama aggressiveness and militancy toward Russia, China, Iran, Venezuela, Cuba, and other countries. The second front arrayed against Trump is from Soros-funded political groups and media. This second line of attack is a propaganda war, utilizing hundreds of anti-Trump newspapers, web sites, and broadcasters, that will seek to undermine public confidence in the Trump administration from its outset. One of Trump’s political advertisements, released just prior to Election Day, stated that George Soros, Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen, and Goldman Sachs chief executive officer Lloyd Blankfein, are all part of «a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities». Soros and his minions immediately and ridiculously attacked the ad as «anti-Semitic». President Trump should be on guard against those who his campaign called out in the ad and their colleagues. Soros’s son, Alexander Soros, called on Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, and her husband Jared Kushner, to publicly disavow Trump. Soros’s tactics not only seek to split apart nations but also families. Trump must be on guard against the current and future machinations of George Soros, including his Purple Revolution.",0
14273,Americans ‘whoop’ at literally anything,"November 12, 2016 
American people will shout ‘wooo!’ loudly at absolutely anything, evidence suggests. 
Republican supporters whooped after every single word of Donald Trump’s victory speech on Wednesday, despite the fact it clearly heralded a new low point for Western culture. 
Democrats then whooped throughout Hillary Clinton’s first appearance after conceding defeat – even the part where she said she was going to spend the rest of her life crying in a cupboard. 
While Clinton supporters have largely calmed down, Republicans remain in a state of continuous and indiscriminate whooping at everything from a cat walking into a room to the idea of starting a war with Canada. 
Texan Trump supporter Nick Bob Cyrus-Ferguson said: ‘Let’s get started on this Mexico wall. Woo! Then we’re gonna scrap free trade agreements. Woo! I don’t even know what that means. Woo! 
‘Look – a squirrel. W !’",0
14274,"Orlando, Donald Trump, Net Neutrality: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama angrily responded to a speech Monday by Donald J. Trump in which Mr. Trump appeared to broaden his proposal to bar Muslim immigrants. Mr. Obama called the Republican presidential candidate’s comments about the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. “dangerous. ” Mr. Trump’s appeal to fear breaks with the way most American political leaders have reacted to this kind of crisis, but his stance on guns may help his outreach to   Democrats. _____ 2. Harrowing accounts of the attack, which left 49 people dead, continued to surface: “I look over, and he shoots the girl next to me. And I’m just there laying down and I’m thinking, ‘I’m next, I’m dead,’ ” said Angel Colon, who was shot multiple times. Doctors spoke of bleeding patients lining hospital hallways after arriving in trucks and cars, and on foot. _____ 3. The F. B. I. investigation turned to the second wife of the Orlando gunman, Omar Mateen, to determine whether she had been aware of his plot. The wife, Noor Zahi Salman, is not in custody, but indicated she had accompanied him on one trip to the club and to buy ammunition, and tried to talk him out of waging an attack, a senior law enforcement official said. _____ 4. In France, the killings of a police officer and his companion on Monday by a a   assailant who swore allegiance to ISIS have raised new concerns about radicalization and the handling of people convicted of   activities. The attacker was a Frenchman who was previously found guilty of aiding a group planning terrorist activities, but he was released immediately after his trial ended in 2013. _____ 5. As Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders met privately amid the largely inconsequential primary contest in the District of Columbia, the Democratic Party confirmed that Russian hackers had breached the computers of the Democratic National Committee for roughly a year. The targets included the trove of opposition research against Donald J. Trump. _____ 6.   internet can be defined as a utility, a federal appeals court ruled. The decision upheld net neutrality rules by the F. C. C. that signal a shift in how the government views broadband: as a service that should be equally accessible to all Americans, rather than as a luxury. Companies are banned from blocking or slowing the delivery of internet content to consumers, and they’ve indicated they may pursue their case all the way to the Supreme Court. _____ 7. Disney is sharing the keys to the Magic Kingdom with China’s Communist Party  —   at least in Shanghai, where a new resort that will be four times as big as Disneyland opens on Thursday. The   Disney has given the country’s government an unusual role in running the park and, in doing so, has set the pace for how other multinational companies can do business in there. _____ 8. An influential critic’s refusal to review the new “Ghostbusters” film  —   starring women in the lead roles  —   drew more than a million views on YouTube and lots of comments essentially blasting him as a misogynistic jerk. But when our writer dug deeper, he found the reviewer’s positions to be less polarizing than he expected  —   a reminder that, in this age of speedy public judgment, withholding expectations can be worthwhile for all parties. _____ 9. Let’s take a moment to remember the beehive  —   not the insect nest, but the 1960s hairstyle made possible by hair spray, and lots of it. The do’s creator, Margaret Vinci Heldt, died on Friday at 98. Ms. Heldt was an   hairstyling celebrity when she created the look, which was inspired by a black   hat and has never really gone away, even making it onto the heads of Beyoncé and Adele. _____ 10. Lastly, here are a couple of weasels (  ferrets, specifically). They might look cute, but they are also remarkable predators. Badgers, ferrets and otters are part of the mustelid family:   carnivores who are capable of competing for food with much larger predators like big cats, wolves and bears. Maybe it’s time to rethink what it means to call someone a weasel. _____ Jonah Engel Bromwich contributed reporting. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14275,NATURE Vs. BAYER - Animals Invade Corporate HQ,"NATURE Vs. BAYER - Animals Invade Corporate HQ Share on Facebook Tweet 
More than a hundred animals invaded the office of Bayer in Brussels to protest its intensive lobbying for TTIP and denounce their corporate power consolidation in acquiring Monsanto for $66 billion. 
EZLN is a group of activists who are keen to reveal corporate dirty secrets by bringing nature back into those dirty offices. 
""We'll point out every guilty lobby in this city so that everybody knows where and when they act"" - says Sous-Colonel Orang Outan. 
Something more to say ? YES : STOP TTIP ! [watch video below]",0
14276,Boycott Vote for Peace Push,"opednews.com - Advertisement - I am a progressive who will NOT be sheeple herded into voting for HillaryClinton. The Democratic Party remains too firmly wedded to war and Wall Street. In its current condition of corrupt dependence millions of Americans will continue in worsening condition even if the Democrats win the presidency and Congress. We progressives have been marginalized by ""educational"" propaganda, non-exposure to negative facts and alternatives to the point where our numbers are too small to be influential. The counter -- argument, ""What would happen if all of you progressives refrained from voting for Clinton and Trump won?"" can not be universalized. It does not confer sufficient probability on the conclusion ""I, a progressive, should vote for Clinton"" for any progressive to accept it. We are just too few. Democrats have performed so poorly for millions of Americans since the first Clinton regime that it is certain we (including middle income, professionals) will continue to lose relative financial position and sufficient income for a stable life, rather than prosper, under a Clinton Administration. Stubborn, Marginalized Old Progressive License DMCA All progressives and any peace -- loving liberal democrats, even nationalist Republicans should insist, as a condition of getting our votes, that Clinton offer a stand - still cease fire unless fired upon peace truce to all opponents, Sunni and Shia, we are fighting against in person (or by aid to another local side) in all disputed lands, (Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, etc.) in exchange for the same by these groups, AlQaeda, ISIS, etc. Our offer should include an embargo against our selling any more weapons to contested governments in those lands in exchange for the opponents' promise to publicly discourage any obstruct further terror attacks in western countries. These wars must stop now with a World Peace, Re-partition and Resettlement conference to follow. - Advertisement -",0
14277,Russia’s upper house approves suspension of plutonium deal with US | Russia & India Report,"Russia’s upper house approves suspension of plutonium deal with US 26 October 2016 TASS Putin submitted a draft law on suspending the agreement to the State Duma on October 3. Facebook usa , russia , conflict 
The Federation Council, Russia’s upper house of parliament, unanimously approved at a plenary meeting on Wednesday a law on suspending the Russian-US plutonium disposal agreement. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin submitted a draft law on suspending the agreement between Russia and the United States on plutonium disposal to the State Duma on October 3 after signing a relevant decree. 
Apart from the direct provisions on suspending the plutonium deal, the draft law lists the conditions for the possible resumption of the accords. Among them is Washington’s cancellation of the Magnitsky Act, all anti-Russian sanctions, compensating for the damage sustained by Moscow and reducing US military infrastructure in NATO countries. 
First published by TASS . ",0
14278,"Does this piss off Conservatives, Liberals or both?","Does this piss off Conservatives, Liberals or both? Is there a way to upload this as a regular image for GLP to use? Anonymous Coward Re: Does this piss off Conservatives, Liberals or both? Page 1 09/28/16 2 09/30/16 3 08/24/12 5 ""Godlike Productions"" & ""GLP"" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™ © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com Page generated in 0.005s (7 queries)",0
14279,Trump Appointment of Gorsuch an Epic 100-Day Success - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump’s successful appointment of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is a major achievement that not even his critics can deny, one that has been a tremendous credit to Trump, with no political downside. [Last week the justices concluded their final   sitting of the Court’s annual term. (Supreme Court terms begin in October and go through June last week was the final week of oral arguments for October Term 2016.) It was the first sitting in over a year where the Court had its full complement of nine justices hearing cases. And this Monday saw the first set of weekly orders in which Justice Gorsuch voted on the Court’s decisions.  Supreme Court appointments are a major issue in every presidential campaign. This has been especially true since 1965, when the Court began a steady line of cases that invented new constitutional rights through the doctrine of substantive due process, a doctrine universally criticized by conservatives as blatant judicial activism and a usurpation of the role of elected lawmakers. But in 2016, nominations to the High Court took on a singular importance. With the unexpected death of Justice Antonin Scalia —  an icon of legal conservatives —  the stakes for all Americans became  . The Court is divided on the role of unelected judges in America’s democratic republic, and following Scalia’s death, the 2016 presidential election became in part a referendum on the Supreme Court and the meaning of U. S. Constitution. Trump responded in masterful form. He pledged to fill Scalia’s seat with a justice in the mold of Scalia. He issued a list of potential justices that included names that are favorites for conservatives. He then expanded that list to 21 with still more superstar names, including Gorsuch. The Republican nominee benefited greatly in the general election from this issue. Polls showed that 21 percent of voters said the Supreme Court was the most important factor in their vote. Those voters broke 57 to 40 for Trump, making it a   issue in his favor. As president, Trump earned highest marks on his handling of the appointment. He rolled out the Gorsuch nomination with great fanfare in a   East Room event. Conservative legal leaders praised Gorsuch, and even major liberal legal groups acknowledged that Gorsuch was extremely   for the High Court. Gorsuch delivered a flawless performance during his hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Nonetheless, Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) led a filibuster against Gorsuch, persuading most of his party to join him. In response, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) rallied his caucus to invoke the “nuclear option” to abolish Democrats’ recently invented   cloture threshold for Supreme Court nominees, restoring over 200 years of Senate practice. Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as the 101st associate justice of the Supreme Court on April 10, 2017. He was, therefore, able to participate in the Court’s   April sitting for the final oral arguments of the term, quickly establishing himself as an active —  and humorous —  addition to the bench. From first to last, every detail of Trump’s successful appointment of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court was an unmitigated victory. Even Saturday Night Live could not deny that reality. In a recent skit where SNL mocked the president, Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin asks the actor portraying Vice President Mike Pence for a list of everything the president had accomplished in his first 100 days. The VP impersonator responds with a list containing only one item: nominating Gorsuch. While the president can cite numerous accomplishments, from immigration to the Keystone pipeline, to restoring state control over education, to rolling back burdensome regulations on business, the Left denies all those by casting them in a negative light. But as opposed as liberal groups were to Gorsuch’s bipartisan confirmation, they cannot deny it was a tremendous victory for Trump. Trump promised more than appointing a single conservative to fill a single Supreme Court vacancy his promise is to always nominate only originalists to the nation’s highest court. With growing rumors that Justice Anthony Kennedy could retire this summer —  and with the virtual certainty that there will be one or two more vacancies over the next four years, regardless of whether it occurs in 2017 —  the president will have ample opportunity to continue keeping his promise, and to reap the political benefits of those repeat victories. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
14280,Popular Pro-Trump Account ’Pizza Party Ben’ Suspended by Twitter - Breitbart,"“Pizza Party Ben,” a popular   comedy account and friend of former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos, was suspended without warning on Twitter early Friday. [Attempting to view the account, which had nearly 70, 000 followers, will return users with a suspension notice, puzzling fans on the platform as to why he was removed.  “This is my only post that was out of the ordinary yesterday,” claimed Ben in an email to Breitbart Tech, citing a tweet he had posted sarcastically declaring, “I’m Muslim now. ” Pizza Party Ben has previously written for Breitbart News. Several Twitter users both protested and mourned Ben’s suspension on Friday, with many pointing to the account as simply the next victim of the platform’s   suspension rate for conservatives, libertarians, and free speech activists. Good morning to everyone except whoever suspended this patriot pic. twitter.   —   Breitbart News (@BreitbartNews) March 31, 2017,  Come back @PizzaPartyBen! pic. twitter.   —   Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) March 31, 2017,  Our President can get @PizzaPartyBen’s Twitter account restored. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  &gt #FreePPB, a loyal subject, an innocent jokester.  —   MILO Magazine (@MiloWear1A) March 31, 2017,  . @PizzaPartyBen did nothing wrong #FreePizzaPartyBen #FreePPB pic. twitter.   —   David Hirst (@d_hirsty) March 31, 2017,  @Jack banned @PizzaPartyBen because Ben became a Muslim l! You’re a bigot, Jack!  —   DJ ALASKANBASED3X (@AlaskanBased) March 31, 2017,  ICE finally got him. @PizzaPartyBen,  —   Mitch (@kitchmamps) March 31, 2017,  PizzaPartyBen suspended pic. twitter.   —   Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017,  Today we are all @PizzaPartyBen pic. twitter.   —   Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017,  The Republic of Kekistan demands freedom for the POW @PizzaPartyBen,  —   Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) March 31, 2017,  Pay respects to @PizzaPartyBen  fallen veteran of the Great Meme War. #kek #Kekistan #MAGA #PizzaPartyBen #FreeBen pic. twitter.   —   Dan 🇺🇸 (@DanSlovakdijock) March 31, 2017,  . @PizzaPartyBen converts to Islam, gets a lifetime ban hours later. Coincidence? I think not! pic. twitter.   —   The Swog Blog (@TheSwogBlog) March 31, 2017,  “Twitter suspending @PizzaPartyBen for literally no reason is almost as sad as site owned by Saudi Arabia claiming to promote free speech,” posted one account. Twitter suspending @PizzaPartyBen for literally no reason is almost as sad as site owned by Saudi Arabia claiming to promote free speech.  —   God Emperor Trump (@realGETrump) March 31, 2017,  “Why are pedophiles on here but you suspend my friend?” asked another user, tagging Twitter CEO and   activist Jack Dorsey in the post. I want my @PizzaPartyBen back! !! @jack @Twitter why did you suspend him? Why are pedophiles on here but you suspend my friend?  —   Saltwater ❤️ P (@SWFLBeachBabe) March 31, 2017,  Pizza Party Ben joins a long list of prominent conservatives and libertarians who have been suspended on Twitter, including Milo Yiannopoulos, rapper Azealia Banks, pharmaceutical entrepreneur Martin Shkreli, DNC hacker Guccifer 2. 0, a Saudi women’s rights group, a game developer who criticized Islam, another game developer who called for mosque surveillance, a conservative lawyer, and even Twitter’s free   competitor, Gab. Breitbart Tech reached out Twitter regarding the suspension but have yet to receive a response. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
14281,Guy Face-Plants While Testing Virtual Reality Headset,"
Idiocracy is upon us.
A young man wearing virtual reality headset seemingly forgets that he is indeed standing in a store, and while climbing a virtual tree, he not only falls in the game, but immediately takes a face plant into the ground.

As he begins to pick himself up off the ground, the attendant at the virtual reality station walked over to him, unable to hold back laughter, and asked, “Are you okay?”
Another person asked from behind the camera, “Do you want to keep going?”
Personally, I’m not sure he’s ready. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
14282,Crime Soars As Young Migrants Mug Pensioners for Drugs Money - Breitbart,"With sexual assault cases up more than 60 per cent in just one year, and ‘unaccompanied minors’ mugging pensioners to pay for hard drugs, police in Uppsala admit crime in the city has reached new levels. [“These are challenges like we’ve never seen before” said Uppsala police commissioner Daniel Larsson, quoted in a press release on the force’s website which states the city has “a brand new street scene [  …    ] today compared to just a few years ago. ”  Between summer 2015 and summer 2016 the city also saw a 60 per cent rise in muggings, and police reported that officers feel they are facing a “harsher climate and reduced respect for their profession” while out on patrol. Drugs are one of the key factors driving the crime wave in Uppsala, according to the city’s police, with sales of illicit substances including heroin taking place out in the open. At the end of February, Uppsalatidningen reported a huge uptick over previous weeks in the number of young people addicted to drugs who are committing robberies to fund their addiction. Recent cases noted by the newspaper include that of a    man and a    man who were attacked in muggings where the criminals seized, or attempted to wrest, jewellery from their victims’ person. Mr Larsson said the robberies are linked to rocketing use of heroin  —   a problem he says was previously unknown in the city  —   and that “at least 90 unaccompanied minors” are using the drug at the Travel Centre. Noting that people from Afghanistan are “ ” among the abusers, the police commissioner suggested that this is down to the country’s history of opium production as well as “well known problems of segregation”. Another type of theft the police say is on the rise due to drug abuse is where large groups of young people will enter retail shops and draw the staff’s attention while thefts are carried out in other parts of the store. Workers in Uppsala are feeling increasingly insecure too, due to groups of youths congregating after dark, according to area police officer Magnus Sundberg. On Friday, Moderate party MP Marta Obminska wrote to Sweden’s interior minister about crime plaguing the city, where she said “people, not just girls” now find it uncomfortable to go outside. “And this doesn’t just apply during the night. People avoid the Travel Centre and some parts of town. They are attacked with a knife or gun from behind. This is not the Uppsala we desire. “According to the police, there are ninety unaccompanied refugees in Uppsala who abuse heroin. Muggings are also carried out by the Moroccan street children. They are suspected to be a big part of personal robberies  —   performed to fund addiction  —   but also other criminal acts” wrote the MP. Describing the situation as “serious” and noting there was even a shooting in the city this weekend, Ms Obminska told 24Uppsala. se that “muggings take place regularly, from early evening to morning. ” The Swedish establishment has been keen to discredit claims that its open border policy has led to trouble. U. S. President Donald J. Trump drew attention to the Nordic nation recently, stating at a rally that the country is “having problems like they never thought possible” as a result of mass migration. Slamming the President’s speech as having been designed “to send a message that large scale migration harms a country” Sweden’s former Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt insisted that mass migration had made the country safer. But Integration Minister lva Johansson was forced into an embarrassing   on Saturday after she falsely told BBC the number of reported rapes in the country was falling. Having drawn sharp criticism from MPs, economists, and criminologists, the liberal minister had to correct herself after being told that reported rapes had risen 13 per cent from the previous year.",0
14283,SYRIA UPDATE: Russia negotiating with Turkey to withdraw Jihadis from Aleppo,"November 2, 2016 555 Russian and Turkish military chiefs meet in Moscow today as Russia publicly demands withdrawal of all Jihadis from Aleppo. Share on Facebook Following the failure of the Al-Qaeda attempt to break the siege of the Jihadi held district of Aleppo, Russia’s President Vladimir Putin is giving the Jihadis in eastern Aleppo what is effectively an ultimatum. The terms of this ultimatum have been set out by General Valery Gerasimov, the Chief of the Russian military’s General Staff: “Taking into account that our American colleagues are incapable of separating the opposition from terrorists, we appeal to all the leaders of armed groups directly to stop combat actions and leave Aleppo with their arms.” (bold italics added) To this end two corridors have been opened to enable the Jihadis to retreat, one heading towards the Turkish border, and the other heading to the Al-Qaeda controlled western Syrian city of Idlib. In addition there are a further six humanitarian corridors for civilians to use if they want to leave. Gerasimov is currently engaged in meetings in Moscow with General Hulusi Akar , the Chief of the Turkish military’s General Staff, who is currently visiting him in Moscow. Having despaired of getting the US to separate Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra from the other Jihadis in Aleppo, and getting them to withdraw, it is likely the Russians are trying to agree the same thing with the Turks. Indeed Gerasimov’s comments today essentially say as much. Given that the Jihadis fighting in Syria totally depend on Turkey for their supplies, if the Turkish leadership tells them to quit eastern Aleppo there is a possibility that they may finally accept that the game is up and heed the call. The same thing has after all recently happened in other Syrian towns and cities, including in the formerly Jihadi controlled suburbs of Damascus. Note that Putin’s ultimatum is phrased differently from the way it was before. The Kerry-Lavrov agreement of 9th September 2016 offered the non Al-Qaeda Jihadis the option of staying in eastern Aleppo after they had separated themselves from Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra, who the agreement implicitly required to leave. In the subsequent discussions in the UN Security Council that took place around the proposed French Resolution, the Russians made it clear that the Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra was required to leave, and this was the demand the UN envoy Staffan de Mistura supposedly supported, though as I have discussed previously the terms under which he did it actually nullified it. Now Putin through Gerasimov is demanding that all Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo leave, irrespective of whether they belong to Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra or not. In other words over the course of the autumn, as the US has hesitated and reneged on its promises, the Russians have quietly raised their demands. They now want Aleppo totally rid of Jihadi fighters and handed over entirely to the Syrian government. This was surely the Russian objective all along, but it has now been made clear. As to what happens if the Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo reject this demand, Gerasimov pointed it out to them : “The militants’ efforts to break loose from the city have failed. The terrorists have suffered huge losses in manpower, weapons and equipment. They are unable to pull out of the city.” In other words the Jihadis in eastern Aleppo are trapped with no way out and no-one is coming to their rescue. According to RT’s Arabic service (as reported by the Iranian news agency Fars) the Jihadis have themselves admitted that they suffered casualties (dead and wounded) numbering between 2,200 and 2,500 men in their failed attempt to break the siege of eastern Aleppo over the last few days. Meanwhile the Syrian aligned Al-Masdar news agency is reporting that it has been told by a Syrian army source that following the deployment of elite and Special Forces troops to Aleppo, if the Syrian army returns to the offensive “unlike the previous offensives in Aleppo City, this assault will not be halted for any reason.” Gerasimov is reported to have said that the ceasefire to enable the Jihadis to retreat from Aleppo will take effect at 9:00 am local time on Friday 4th November 2016, and will expires at 7 pm on the same day. However if the Jihadis agree to leave Aleppo and take actual steps to do so, that period will presumably be extended. Much will probably depend on the outcome of the talks General Gerasimov is having with General Hulusi Akar today. ",0
14284,Bernie Sanders Wrote an Open Letter Calling on President Obama to Stop the Dakota Pipeline,"We Are Change 

Senator Bernie Sanders is demanding President Barack Obama stand by his commitment to curb climate change by stopping the Dakota pipeline.
In a statement issued on his official U.S. Senate website , Sanders — who garnered over 11 million votes in the Democratic presidential primary — asked Obama to halt construction of the pipeline until federal officials properly conduct a cultural and environmental review.
“It is deeply distressing to me that the federal government is putting the profits of the oil industry ahead of the treaty and sovereign rights of Native American communities,” Sanders wrote. “Mr. President, you took a bold and principled stand against the Keystone pipeline – I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline.”
“To my mind, the [U.S. Army Corps of Engineers] should have never approved this project on an expedited process in the first place,” he continued.
The Vermont senator also called on the president to send federal observers to the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights for Native Americans fighting for their sovereign land and water.
“I urge you to take all appropriate measures to protect the safety of the Native Americans[ sic ] protesters and their supporters who have gathered peacefully to oppose the construction of the pipeline,” Sanders stated. Sanders also reiterated the necessity of preserving the environment, and pointed out the pipeline’s potentially hazardous effect on the climate.
“According to one report, burning the oil transported through the pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars or 30 coal plants,” Sanders wrote. “If we have any hope of avoiding the worst consequences of climate change, we should not be building new oil pipelines that lock us into burning fossil fuels for generations to come.”
The letter comes on the heels of state and local law enforcement, along with national guardsmen and private security forces brutalizing indigenous water protectors on Thursday. Videos widely circulated on social media showed law enforcement officers using pepper spray and LRAD sound cannons on Standing Rock protesters. Approximately 140 water protectors engaging in nonviolent civil disobedience were arrested by police in riot gear following the confrontation.
Click here to read Sanders’ full letter.
RELATED BREAKING: The NEW Election FEC Violation That Should End Clinton’s Campaign . Russia Trolls The U.S., Offers A “Helping Hand” In Overseeing Elections Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Bernie Sanders Wrote an Open Letter Calling on President Obama to Stop the Dakota Pipeline appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14285,"U.S. Boycotts UN Rights Council Debate on Israel, Palestinians","GENEVA (AP)  —   The State Department says the United States is boycotting a session at the U. N. Human Rights Council that focuses on Palestine and other Arab occupied territories, saying it is biased against Israel. [State Department spokesman Mark Toner in a statement took aim at a recurring agenda item at the council, which focuses on Israel and the Palestinian territories  —   the only one of its kind to focus on a single country at every HRC session. It was taking place Monday.  Toner also said the United States would vote against every resolution that might be put forward under the agenda item. Earlier, the U. N.’s special rapporteur on rights in the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel, Michael Lynk, decried how “illegal settlement enterprise has moved at an alarming pace” this year.",0
14286,"All Governments Lie, the Movie",All Governments Lie,0
14287,If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years,"Archives Michael On Television If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years By Michael Snyder, on October 30th, 2016 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton ’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “ at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “ Guilty As Sin “… 
‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale. October 30th, 2016 | Tags: 2016 Election , 2016 Election Delayed , 2016 Election Suspended , Anthony Weiner , Barack Obama , Clinton , Donald Trump , Election Delay , Election Delayed , Election Suspended , Hillary , Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton Email Scandal , Hillary Clinton FBI Email Investigation , Hillary Clinton Going To Jail , Hillary Clinton Going To Prison , Hillary Clinton Lock Her Up , Hillary Clinton's Crimes , Huma Abedin , North Carolina , Obama , Obstruction Of Justice , Trump | Category: Commentary aldownunder 
If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years 
Lets hope so biglipnagger 
There is no way the machine will let her go to prison. Just not gonna happen. K 
Here is my prediction, one of three. 1.The FBI still decides not to fiile charges. 2. The Attorney General refuses the charges, if the FBI files them. 3. Obama pardons her, if all else fails. A corrupt Government, will never let one of their own, go to jail. Wish I still believed there was justice, in this Country. MeMadMax 
Most likely kaine will be thrown on top of the woodpile. 
But there is nothing that says we MUST have a democrat participating in the elections and we still have three other candidates. 
In fact, if the democrats want to survive, it would behoov them to throw hillary under the bus, even disenfranchise her from the dem party instead of trying to push one of the most toxic candidates in history. 
But dems havent shown one iota of reason since they got “their man” in the white house. In fact, that man took the dem party and twisted it into a monster. 
All it will take is one of the higher ups to say enough is enough. If there are any higher up dems left that are not under the control of demon in the whitehouse… carlcasino 
The Demon is NOT in the white house ! He is just the Soro’s sock puppet. Rob 
I hope, I hope, I hope, I hope….. carlcasino 
I’m giving odd’s that the Clinton Crime Cartel will skate –Again ? Any takers at 10:1",0
14288,Weekly Featured Profile – Shane Brinton,"  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Weekly Featured Profile – Shane Brinton Weekly Featured Profile – Shane Brinton  35 pm by Trevor Loudon Leave a Comment 0 
Shane Brinton is a Labor Representative at California Nurses Association , living in Sacramento , California . 
He has been a grassroots community organizer ever since he was a teenager in Arcata , Northern California . He has been involved with The Placebo , Democracy Unlimited , the Tenants Union of Humboldt County , the Redwood Peace & Justice Center , Food Not Bombs and a number of other organizations and causes. He has also managed the campaigns of several local Progressive candidates. 
In 2004, Shane Brinton , Arcata , served on the National Council of the Young Communist League USA . 
A 2004 copy of the League’s Dynamic , carries a fiery anti-war speech he delivered at a peace demonstration in Eureka . In one paragraph he rails against corporate America, urging workers to rise up against their bosses saying, “It is [the CEO’s] employees, the rank and file workers, who actually produce the products and provide services that the CEO profits from.” 
In 2005, Brinton was a US delegate to the communist World Festival of Youth and Students in Venezuela , with 15,000 other young people. 
Later, Brinton became involved in Democratic Party politics and was elected to the state Central Committee as part of a “Progressive slate.” 
In 2013, Shane Brinton was mayor of Arcata and on leaving that position worked for SEIU . Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under ""Key Links in our Chains,"" below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA (""progressive"" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, "" Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment "" and our earlier, ""Marxist President’s Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?"" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic ""sense"" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.",0
14289,Trump Allies Dismayed by Huge Number of White House Leaks - Breitbart,"The Hill remarks on the high volume of leaks from the Trump White House, to the dismay of President Trump’s allies and the delight of adversarial journalists:[Barely a day goes by without some unusual tale emerging from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Recent examples in a single New York Times story included the assertion that White House aides have held meetings in the dark because they can’t figure out how the lights work and that the president is fond of watching television alone in his bathrobe. Trump took to Twitter to assert that the Times “writes total fiction” about him, while White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted that the president does not even own a bathrobe. More serious matters have been leaked as well, such as descriptions of Trump’s call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump apparently said a U. S.  deal on refugees, agreed to by President Obama, was “the worst deal ever,” and told Turnbull their conversation was “the worst call by far” among several he had held with world leaders that day. “There have been a ton of leaks. It seems that everyone has their own leaking apparatus,” said one of the dismayed Trump allies. “I don’t know how it affects morale, but it is certainly a distraction. They have 55 firehoses aimed at them. Enough of the palace intrigue!”  The Hill reports on speculation the leaks are part of a struggle for supremacy between White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon (formerly of Breitbart News). “Insiders” shot this theory down as an “oversimplification,” arguing that Priebus and Bannon get along much better than the press tends to portray them. Another theory is that knives are coming out for White House press secretary Sean Spicer, whose friends are presumably pushing back to protect him. The Huffington Post proposes that the leaks are coming from veteran officials who are “alarmed by the president’s conduct,” because while some of the leaks are “based on opposition to his policies,” many others “appear motivated by a belief that Trump’s words, deeds, and Tweets pose a genuine threat. ” Actively sabotaging an administration one is supposedly concerned about would be a remarkably selfish and even dangerous strategy, which makes it entirely plausible for Washington lifers. The Huffington Post implies that “widespread leaks and warnings from the national security establishment” over Steve Bannon’s membership in the National Security Council might have played a role in the Yemen raid that went wrong on January 29th. The American people should feel no sense of appreciation or gratitude for those who put American troops in jeopardy and harm our national interests because they want leverage over the president. CNBC cites the advent of an encrypted messaging platform called SecureDrop during the 2016 election cycle, plus the increasing use of various other secure communication systems, as one reason for the high volume of leaks. “It’s hard to name a news organization that has not gotten in touch with us about installing SecureDrop in the past six weeks,” Trevor Timm, executive director of the Freedom of the Press Foundation, said of his organization’s popular tool. He said he thought “general fear that Trump could turn the U. S.’ surveillance on the press” combined with “unrest” in the administration was driving interest in SecureDrop. That’s an interesting contrast with how the press managed only a few days of outrage after President Barack Obama really did turn government surveillance systems on them. “I don’t think it’s impossible that a combination of leaks, and whistleblowers and investigative journalism eventually lead to the downfall of Trump,” Timm added. There might be some manufactured drama in all that talk of encrypted communications. As Randy Evans of the Republican National Committee pointed out to the Huffington Post, leakers aren’t usually caught by wiretapping or email monitoring. The preferred method is the “  test,” in which bits of juicy information are given to suspected leakers, and the boss watches to see which tidbits turn up in the press. President Trump himself has blamed the leaks on “Obama people” left over from the previous administration, in particular citing his leaked phone conversations with the leaders of Australia and Mexico. “It’s a disgrace that they leaked because it’s very much against our country.  It’s a very dangerous thing for this country,” Trump told Fox News.",0
14290,Uber Board Stands by Travis Kalanick as It Reveals Plans to Repair Its Image - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   The board of Uber is confident in its chief executive, Travis Kalanick, board member Arianna Huffington said on Tuesday, providing a show of support as the embattled   company seeks to repair its reputation. Ms. Huffington made her remarks in a conference call with reporters that Uber announced only hours before. During the roughly   call, executives also laid out a multipart plan to get the reeling company back on track after a series of revelations about its business practices and internal unrest that have damaged its image. Of paramount importance, the company stressed, is Uber’s search for a chief operating officer to help Mr. Kalanick. In addition, Uber is overhauling its human resources department, improving its relationships with drivers, and soliciting feedback from concerned employees. The company also plans to release a report on the diversity of its work force this month, and will conclude an investigation into its workplace culture by the end of April. “The board is confident in Travis, and we are proceeding ahead with the search for the C. O. O. ,” Ms. Huffington said during the call. “Put very simply, change starts at the top. ” Because Uber rarely puts together such calls for the news media, the one on Tuesday reflects how the company is working to seize control of its image after a rough start to the year. In recent weeks, Uber’s reputation was badly damaged after a former employee published a scathing blog post detailing what she said was a history of sexual harassment and systemic issues in the company’s human resources department. Separately, Uber faced criticism for its program to deliberately deceive law enforcement using a software tool called Greyball, The New York Times reported. Mr. Kalanick, who helped found Uber in 2009, also came under fire for how he had influenced the culture of the company. After a video of Mr. Kalanick arguing with an Uber driver recently leaked on the internet, Mr. Kalanick apologized and said he would seek leadership assistance. Several executives, including president Jeff Jones, have since left the company. Mr. Kalanick was not present during the conference call. Ms. Huffington, who joined Uber’s board last year, was joined on the call by Liane Hornsey, the recently hired head of human resources, and Rachel Holt, the head of Uber’s   business in the United States and Canada. In the call, Uber said it expected that Mr. Kalanick would be highly collaborative with any executive hires. Bill Gurley, a venture capitalist and longtime Uber board member, is helping to lead the executive search for the chief operating officer, as is Ms. Huffington. Asked whether Mr. Kalanick would be willing to step down if asked, Ms. Huffington said the company’s leadership has not discussed the “hypothetical” situation. “It’s clear that both Uber and the entire   industry would not be where we are today without Travis,” Ms. Huffington said. Beyond providing assistance to Mr. Kalanick, Uber said it had significant work to do to repair what appears to be a culture badly damaged by infighting and harassment. Ms. Hornsey said Uber had held more than 100 “listening sessions” with employees across the company, and had set up a hotline for anonymous complaints from employees for sensitive subjects. She also noted the recent hiring of a global head of diversity, Bernard C. Coleman III. Uber plans to publish its first diversity report breaking down the gender and ethnic makeup of its work force by the end of March. Uber also is working to change its feedback system in human resources, which many current and former employees had criticized as unfair and opaque. “Too much time is spent looking backward rather than forward,” Ms. Hornsey said of the system. “We need to change it. ” A companywide investigation into Uber’s workplace practices, which is being conducted by Eric H. Holder Jr. the former United States attorney general, is expected to conclude by the end of April. Ms. Huffington said the company would honor the results of the investigation and abide by any changes recommended. Despite Uber’s culture problems, Ms. Holt said the company’s business remains healthy. Last week in the United States, riders took more trips with Uber than in any previous week, she said. “In our most mature country, we’ve grown faster in the first 10 weeks of 2017 than in the first 10 weeks of 2016,” Ms. Holt said during the call. “Looking at less mature regions like Latin America, trips were up 600 percent in February, year on year. ” Uber, which has raised billions of dollars in capital, is privately valued at close to $70 billion. Employees and investors were shaken early this year when a   campaign to delete the app sprung up, following concerns that Uber was trying to capitalize on a New York taxi work stoppage. About half a million people requested deleting their Uber accounts over the course of that week, according to three people familiar with the company’s internal metrics who asked not to be named because the numbers are confidential. Those deletions have slowed drastically in recent weeks, and the company continues to add new users on a weekly basis, one of the people said. Aside from internal changes, Uber said it would continue to work on improving relationships with drivers, who are freelancers that the company does not employ  . “We need to bring more humanity to the way we interact with drivers,” Ms. Holt said, noting changes in how Uber would treat rider feedback and how the company considers a driver’s history on the platform.",0
14291,"Kellyanne Conway: Hillary’s Reemergence Shows Dems Have No Leader, They’re A ’Collection of Ad Hoc Protesters’ - Breitbart","Saturday, on the Fox News Channel’s “Justice,” counselor to President Trump Kellyanne Conway weighed in on former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s recent reemergence, saying it shows the Democratic Party has “no game. ”  “[P]eople are annoyed [Clinton] is back in the scene. I’m actually leaning into it a little bit these days. Because  …    it’s a stark reminder that the Democrats [have] no game,” Conway told host Judge Jeanine Pirro. Pirro then asked who the Democratic leader was, to which Conway replied, “Is it Tom Perez, who bears the title of DNC Chair? Is it [Senator] Bernie Sanders ( ) who’s out there with his supporters booing Tom Perez? Is it Hillary Clinton, who won’t go away and saying she’s going to start a political action committee, as if people want her to revisit the campaign?” “The Democratic Party, as far as I can see, Jeanine, is just this collection of ad hoc protesters.   …     There’s no cohesive or coherent message. There’s no true leader,” she added. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
14292,Pope Francis Says Church Should Apologize to Gays - The New York Times,"Pope Francis said on Sunday that Christians and the Roman Catholic Church should seek forgiveness from gays for the way they had treated them. Speaking to reporters aboard a plane taking him back to Rome from Armenia, the pope also said the church should ask forgiveness for the way it has treated women, for turning a blind eye to child labor and for “blessing so many weapons” in the past. In an hourlong freewheeling conversation that has become a trademark of his international travels, Francis was asked by a reporter if he agreed with recent comments by a Roman Catholic cardinal from Germany that the church should apologize to gays and if an apology was made more urgent by the killing of 49 people at a gay club in Florida this month. Francis, looking sad, recalled church teachings that homosexuals “should not be discriminated against. ” “They should be respected, accompanied pastorally,” he said. Then he added that he thought the church should apologize not only to gay people it had offended, but also to the poor, to women who have been exploited, and to children who have been exploited by being forced to work. “It must apologize for having blessed so many weapons,” Francis added. The church teaches that gay tendencies are not sinful but that gay acts are, and that gays should try to be chaste. The pope repeated a slightly modified version of the   “Who am I to judge?” comment he made about gays on the first foreign trip after his election in 2013. “The questions is: If a person who has that condition, who has good will, and who looks for God, who are we to judge?” he said. A Vatican spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, said that the pope’s reference to “that condition” referred not to a medical condition but to “a person in that situation. ” In Italian, the word condition can also mean situation. “We Christians have to apologize for so many things, not just for this (treatment of gays) but we must ask for forgiveness, not just apologize. Forgiveness  —   Lord, it is a word we forget so often,” he said. Francis has been hailed by many gay people for being the most merciful pope toward them in recent history, and conservative Catholics have criticized him for making comments that they say are ambiguous about sexual morality. He told reporters on the plane that “there are traditions in some countries, some cultures, that have a different mentality about this question (gays)” and that there were “some (gay) demonstrations that are too offensive for some. ” But he suggested that those were not grounds for discrimination or marginalization of gays. The pope did not elaborate on what he meant by seeking forgiveness for the church “having blessed so many weapons,” but it appeared to be a reference to some Catholics who have actively backed wars in the past. In other parts of the conversation, Francis said he hoped the European Union would be able to give itself another form after Britain’s vote to leave. “Let’s not throw the baby out with the bath water,” he said. “Let’s try to   things, to  . ”",0
14293,Re: It Is Now Mathematically Impossible To Pay Off The U.S. National Debt,"It Is Now Mathematically Impossible To Pay Off The U.S. National Debt By Michael Snyder, on February 4th, 2010 
A lot of people are very upset about the rapidly increasing U.S. national debt these days and they are demanding a solution. What they don’t realize is that there simply is not a solution under the current U.S. financial system. It is now mathematically impossible for the U.S. government to pay off the U.S. national debt. You see, the truth is that the U.S. government now owes more dollars than actually exist. If the U.S. government went out today and took every single penny from every single American bank, business and taxpayer, they still would not be able to pay off the national debt. And if they did that, obviously American society would stop functioning because nobody would have any money to buy or sell anything. 
And the U.S. government would still be massively in debt. 
So why doesn’t the U.S. government just fire up the printing presses and print a bunch of money to pay off the debt? 
Well, for one very simple reason. 
That is not the way our system works. 
You see, for more dollars to enter the system, the U.S. government has to go into more debt. 
The U.S. government does not issue U.S. currency – the Federal Reserve does. 
The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned and operated for profit by a very powerful group of elite international bankers. 
If you will pull a dollar bill out and take a look at it, you will notice that it says “Federal Reserve Note” at the top. 
It belongs to the Federal Reserve. 
The U.S. government cannot simply go out and create new money whenever it wants under our current system. 
Instead, it must get it from the Federal Reserve. 
So, when the U.S. government needs to borrow more money (which happens a lot these days) it goes over to the Federal Reserve and asks them for some more green pieces of paper called Federal Reserve Notes. 
The Federal Reserve swaps these green pieces of paper for pink pieces of paper called U.S. Treasury bonds. The Federal Reserve either sells these U.S. Treasury bonds or they keep the bonds for themselves (which happens a lot these days). 
So that is how the U.S. government gets more green pieces of paper called “U.S. dollars” to put into circulation. But by doing so, they get themselves into even more debt which they will owe even more interest on. 
So every time the U.S. government does this, the national debt gets even bigger and the interest on that debt gets even bigger. 
Are you starting to get the picture? 
As you read this, the U.S. national debt is approximately 12 trillion dollars, although it is going up so rapidly that it is really hard to pin down an exact figure. 
So how much money actually exists in the United States today? 
Well, there are several ways to measure this. 
The “M0″ money supply is the total of all physical bills and currency, plus the money on hand in bank vaults and all of the deposits those banks have at reserve banks. As of mid-2009, the Federal Reserve said that this amount was about 908 billion dollars. 
The “M1″ money supply includes all of the currency in the “M0″ money supply, along with all of the money held in checking accounts and other checkable accounts at banks, as well as all money contained in travelers’ checks. According to the Federal Reserve , this totaled approximately 1.7 trillion dollars in December 2009, but not all of this money actually “exists” as we will see in a moment. 
The “M2″ money supply includes everything in the “M1″ money supply plus most other savings accounts, money market accounts, retail money market mutual funds, and small denomination time deposits (certificates of deposit of under $100,000). According to the Federal Reserve , this totaled approximately 8.5 trillion dollars in December 2009, but once again, not all of this money actually “exists” as we will see in a moment. 
The “M3″ money supply includes everything in the “M2″ money supply plus all other CDs (large time deposits and institutional money market mutual fund balances), deposits of eurodollars and repurchase agreements. The Federal Reserve does not keep track of M3 anymore, but according to ShadowStats.com it is currently somewhere in the neighborhood of 14 trillion dollars. But again, not all of this “money” actually “exists” either. 
So why doesn’t it exist? 
It is because our financial system is based on something called fractional reserve banking. 
When you go over to your local bank and deposit $100, they do not keep your $100 in the bank. Instead, they keep only a small fraction of your money there at the bank and they lend out the rest to someone else. Then, if that person deposits the money that was just borrowed at the same bank, that bank can loan out most of that money once again. In this way, the amount of “money” quickly gets multiplied. But in reality, only $100 actually exists. The system works because we do not all run down to the bank and demand all of our money at the same time. 
According to the New York Federal Reserve Bank , fractional reserve banking can be explained this way…. 
“ If the reserve requirement is 10%, for example, a bank that receives a $100 deposit may lend out $90 of that deposit. If the borrower then writes a check to someone who deposits the $90, the bank receiving that deposit can lend out $81. As the process continues, the banking system can expand the initial deposit of $100 into a maximum of $1,000 of money ($100+$90+81+$72.90+…=$1,000).” 
So much of the “money” out there today is basically made up out of thin air. 
In fact, most banks have no reserve requirements at all on savings deposits, CDs and certain kinds of money market accounts. Primarily, reserve requirements apply only to “transactions deposits” – essentially checking accounts. 
The truth is that banks are freer today to dramatically “multiply” the amounts deposited with them than ever before. But all of this “multiplied” money is only on paper – it doesn’t actually exist. 
The point is that the broadest measures of the money supply (M2 and M3) vastly overstate how much “real money” actually exists in the system. 
So if the U.S. government went out today and demanded every single dollar from all banks, businesses and individuals in the United States it would not be able to collect 14 trillion dollars (M3) or even 8.5 trillion dollars (M2) because those amounts are based on fractional reserve banking. 
So the bottom line is this…. 
#1) If all money owned by all American banks, businesses and individuals was gathered up today and sent to the U.S. government, there would not be enough to pay off the U.S. national debt. 
#2) The only way to create more money is to go into even more debt which makes the problem even worse. 
You see, this is what the whole Federal Reserve System was designed to do. It was designed to slowly drain the massive wealth of the American people and transfer it to the elite international bankers. 
It is a game that is designed so that the U.S. government cannot win. As soon as they create more money by borrowing it, the U.S. government owes more than what was created because of interest. 
If you owe more money than ever was created you can never pay it back. 
That means perpetual debt for as long as the system exists. 
It is a system designed to force the U.S. government into ever-increasing amounts of debt because there is no escape. 
We could solve this problem by shutting down the Federal Reserve and restoring the power to issue U.S. currency to the U.S. Congress (which is what the U.S. Constitution calls for). But the politicians in Washington D.C. are not about to do that. 
So unless you are willing to fundamentally change the current system, you might as well quit complaining about the U.S. national debt because it is now mathematically impossible to pay it off. 
***UPDATE*** 
It has been suggested that the same dollar can be used to pay off debt over and over – this is theoretically true as long as the dollar remains in the system. 
For example, if the U.S. government gives China a dollar to pay off a debt, there is a good chance that the U.S. government will be able to acquire that dollar again and use it to pay off another debt. 
However, this is not true when debt is retired with the Federal Reserve. In that case, money is actually removed from the system. In fact, because of the “money multiplier”, when debt is retired with the Federal Reserve it can remove ten times that amount of money (and actually more, but let’s not get too technical) from the system. 
You see, fractional reserve banking works both ways. When $100 is introduced into the system, it can theoretically create $1000 as the example in the article above demonstrates. However, when that $100 is removed, it can have the opposite impact. 
And considering the fact that the Federal Reserve “purchased” the vast majority of new U.S. government debt last year , we have got a real mess on our hands. 
Even if a way could be figured out how to pay off all the debt we owe to foreign nations (such as China, Japan, etc.) it would still be mathematically impossible to pay off the debt that we owe to the Federal Reserve which is exploding so fast that it is hard to even keep track of. 
Of course we could repudiate that debt and shut down the Federal Reserve, but very few in Washington D.C. have any interest in doing that. 
It has also been suggested that instead of just using dollars to pay off the U.S. national debt, we could use the assets of the U.S. government to pay it off. 
That is rather extreme, but let us consider that for a moment. 
That total value of all physical assets in the United States, both publicly and privately owned, is somewhere in the neighborhood of 45 to 50 trillion dollars. Of course the idea of the U.S. government “owning” every single asset of the American people is repugnant to our entire way of life, but let’s assume that for a moment. 
According to the 2008 Financial Report of the United States Government , which is an official United States government report, the total liabilities of the United States government, including future social security and medicare payments that the U.S. government is already committed to pay out, now exceed 65 TRILLION dollars. This amount is more than the entire GDP of the whole world. 
In fact, there are other authors who have written that the actual figure for the future liabilities of the U.S. government should be much higher, but let’s be conservative and go with 65 trillion for now. 
So, if the U.S. government took control of all physical assets in the United States and sold them off, it could not even make enough money to pay for everything that the U.S. government is already on the hook for. 
Ouch. 
If you have not read the 2008 Financial Report of the United States Government , you really should. Actually the 2009 report should be available very soon if it isn’t already. If anyone knows if it is available, please let us know. 
The truth is that the U.S. government is in much bigger financial trouble than we have been led to believe. 
For example, according to the report (which remember is an official U.S. government report) the real U.S. budget deficit for 2008 was not 455 billion dollars. It was actually 5.1 trillion dollars. 
So why the difference? 
The CBO’s 455 billion figure is based on cash accounting, while the 5.1 trillion figure in the 2008 Financial Report of the United States Government is based on GAAP accounting. GAAP accounting is what is used by all the major firms on Wall Street and it is regarded as a much more accurate reflection of financial reality. 
So needless to say, the United States is in a financial mess of unprecedented magnitude. 
So what should we do? Does anyone have any suggestions? 
***UPDATE 2*** 
We have received a lot of great comments on this article. Trying to understand the U.S. financial system (even after studying it for years) can be very difficult at times. In fact, it can almost seem like playing 3 dimensional chess. 
Several readers have correctly pointed out that when the U.S. money supply is expanded by the Federal Reserve, the interest that is to be paid on that new debt is not created. 
So where does the money to pay that interest come from? Well, eventually the money supply has to be expanded some more. But that creates even more debt. 
That brings us to the next point. 
Several readers have insisted that the Federal Reserve is not privately owned and that since it returns “most” of the profits it makes to the U.S. government that we should not be concerned about the debt owed to it. 
The truth is that what you have with the Federal Reserve is layers of ownership. The following was originally posted on the Federal Reserve’s website…. 
“The twelve regional Federal Reserve Banks, which were established by Congress as the operating arms of the nation’s central banking system, are organized much like private corporations – possibly leading to some confusion about “ownership.” For example, the Reserve Banks issue shares of stock to member banks. However, owning Reserve Bank stock is quite different from owning stock in a private company. The Reserve Banks are not operated for profit, and ownership of a certain amount of stock is, by law, a condition of membership in the System. The stock may not be sold, traded, or pledged as security for a loan; dividends are, by law, 6 percent per year.” 
So Federal Reserve “stock” is owned by member banks. So who owns the member banks? Well, when you sift through additional layers of ownership, you will ultimately find that people like the Rothschilds, the Rockefellers and the Queen of England have very large ownership interests in the big banks. But there are so many layers of ownership that they are able to disguise themselves well. 
You see, these people are not stupid. They did not become the richest people in the world by being morons. It was the banking elite of the world who designed the Federal Reserve and it is the banking elite of the world who benefit the most from the Federal Reserve today. In the article above when we described the Federal Reserve as “a private bank owned and operated for profit by a very powerful group of elite international bankers” we may have been oversimplifying things a bit, but it is the essence of what is going on. 
In an excellent article that she did on the Federal Reserve, Ellen Brown described a number of the ways that the Federal Reserve makes money for those who own it…. 
The interest on bonds acquired with its newly-issued Federal Reserve Notes pays the Fed’s operating expenses plus a guaranteed 6% return to its banker shareholders. A mere 6% a year may not be considered a profit in the world of Wall Street high finance, but most businesses that manage to cover all their expenses and give their shareholders a guaranteed 6% return are considered “for profit” corporations. 
In addition to this guaranteed 6%, the banks will now be getting interest from the taxpayers on their “reserves.” The basic reserve requirement set by the Federal Reserve is 10%. The website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York explains that as money is redeposited and relent throughout the banking system, this 10% held in “reserve” can be fanned into ten times that sum in loans; that is, $10,000 in reserves becomes $100,000 in loans. Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.8 puts the total “loans and leases in bank credit” as of September 24, 2008 at $7,049 billion. Ten percent of that is $700 billion. That means we the taxpayers will be paying interest to the banks on at least $700 billion annually – this so that the banks can retain the reserves to accumulate interest on ten times that sum in loans. 
The banks earn these returns from the taxpayers for the privilege of having the banks’ interests protected by an all-powerful independent private central bank, even when those interests may be opposed to the taxpayers’ — for example, when the banks use their special status as private money creators to fund speculative derivative schemes that threaten to collapse the U.S. economy. Among other special benefits, banks and other financial institutions (but not other corporations) can borrow at the low Fed funds rate of about 2%. They can then turn around and put this money into 30-year Treasury bonds at 4.5%, earning an immediate 2.5% from the taxpayers, just by virtue of their position as favored banks. A long list of banks (but not other corporations) is also now protected from the short selling that can crash the price of other stocks. 
The reality is that there are a lot of ways that the Federal Reserve is a money-making tool. Yes, they do return “some” of their profits to the U.S. government each year. But the Federal Reserve is NOT a government agency and it DOES make profits. 
So just how much money is made over there? The truth is that we have to rely on what the Federal Reserve tells us, because they have never been subjected to a comprehensive audit by the U.S. government. 
Ever. 
Right now there is legislation going through Congress that would change that, and the Federal Reserve is fighting it tooth and nail. They are warning that such an audit could cause a financial disaster. 
What are they so afraid of? 
Are they afraid that we might get to peek inside and see what they have been up to all these years? 
If you are a history buff, then you probably know that debates about a “central bank” go all the way back to the Founding Fathers. 
The European banking elite have always been determined to control our currency, and that is exactly what is happening today. 
Ever since the Federal Reserve was created, there have been members of the U.S. Congress that have been trying to warn the American people about the insidious nature of this institution. 
Just check out what the Honorable Louis McFadden, Chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee had to say all the way back in the 1930s…. 
“Some people think that the Federal Reserve Banks are United States Government institutions. They are private monopolies which prey upon the people of these United States for the benefit of themselves and their foreign customers; foreign and domestic speculators and swindlers; and rich and predatory money lenders.” 
The Federal Reserve is not the solution and it never has been. 
The Federal Reserve is the problem. 
Any thoughts? OOPS! – U.S. Government Unemployment Numbers Have To Be Revised Because They Were Off By Almost One MILLION! » Bart 
Has there ever been a time in history when money in circulation equalled or exceeded all credit/debt – I doubt it. As long as there is one person willing to extend credit to another you are going to have this imbalance. 
The big problem we just went through with the credit bubble was that the central banks lost control of the money supply. This led to a global credit bubble, which popped when there was a run on Lehman’s bank because the credit markets froze (largely due to an inability to price risk). 
A run on the bank is when people have a money preference and pull out all their cash. This used to result in liquidity crises like 1907 when the British demanded we pay all our debt in gold. Now, the FDIC pays out on bank runs or the Fed does. We just went through the largest liquidity crisis in history and the Fed handled by doubling the assets on their balance sheet they created trillions in reserves. More importantly this “debt” that is the credit that was extended has 0% interest attached, so as the economy stabilizes the debt-service shoudl be pretty easy. 
You’re right that in our system when we create money we create debt. I prefer direct money creation where Congress creates money to pay for infrastructure and that’s how we expand the money supply. Blade 
Bart…is your last name Simpson by any chance? If I have ten bucks and loan you five there is still ten bucks in circulation!! Hellooo! It is when I go to the printing press and print up another fiver like I just lent you and stick it in my pocket so I still have ten that is the problem!! 
In 1835, under President Andrew Jackson, the US Federal Budget was balanced and the National Debt was paid in full. This has never happened since. This fine man did not appreciate Rockefeller and his fellow printer schiesters!! Get some history knowledge Bart, then you might be smart enough to grow some backbone instead of sounding comically loony! Josh 
Who exactly do we owe all this money to? Let them try and collect it. Worst case we stop spending trillions of the defense budget. Honestly people can’t realize the whole monetary system is scam to turn as all into slaves and deny us much as possible so that New World Order can use all as much output as possible for their own designs. RIck M. 
The problem isn’t the lending or borrowing. i.e. if I borrow a cup of sugar from my neighbor, they don’t expect to have a 5-pound bag returned to them as payment. 
Yes, there WAS a time that money exceeded the debt, it was when the people worked to save for what they purchased, or loaned it without interest. The issue that makes the banking system so very flawed is that they loan money (or a percentage thereof) that was entrusted to them to others with the interest collected from all parties making use of the original individuals actual deposit. 
While one could argue that this is a reasonable thing to do; which it was only slightly less corrupt in intention when there was REAL money, EG: Gold or silver, on hold; the fact that the depositors are now depositing federal reserve notes (which are counted at face value – already fractionally inflated) to be loaned using fractional accounting. THIS is what causes the so-called debt bubble. 
The process cannot go on indefinitely, just as any pyramid or ponzi scheme… sooner or later the whole thing falls apart because there aren’t sufficient real funds to support the illusion. 
The author here is absolutely correct, there isn’t enough “money” to repay the bankers, so the eventual collapse of the entire system is inevitable. Since the debt was incurred against treasury bonds, the only way to repay it now is with REAL PROPERTY since we don’t have real reserves to back it. In essence – they will own everything as it becomes nationalized to cover the increasing debt. Catch-22 
Um, yeah, I agree that we ignored the Constitutional requirement BUT: If we now were to somehow close down the Fed, would you really want to turn over the power of money creation to the current congress? I cannot imagine letting the 535 economically-ignorant party hacks devise a sound replacement. I fear for our republic. ebeye 
It’s ALWAYS been impossible to pay off the “debt”! The interest has to be created, which is more debt! The only way to eliminate it is to repudiate the Federal Reserve and it’s claim of debt upon the people, then revert to either a nationally derived currency, or simply allow any form of currency to be used. 
http://www.ivamu.com/ Garynils 
The creature from Jeckyl Island has now officially sealed the fate of ALL future generations of Americans. The really scary thing about this financial meltdown is the historical precedent that has benn established. What is the favorite remedy that corrupt governments use when faced with economic collapse? That’s right. War! Philippians 6-12. Russ L. Smith 
So they “doubled their balance sheet” which means that everything lost 50% of it’s value, or every dollar became 50 cents. That will make paying off the debt twice as hard. Don Robertson 
Yes, it is very alarming the sort of things mathematics can point out. But do not start throwing your money out the window for the wind to catch and take away. 
There is absolutely nothing in the Universe that can be described EXACTLY by mathematics. Why not? Because there are no two things anywhere in the Universe that are so perfectly alike, we can add them 1+1 and say “2” describes these things to every extent possible. 
The American dollar is still coveted by more people on this planet than any other currency. 
Not one in a 100 people reading this post have ever seen a Yuan, a Euro, or even a Peso. Not one in a thousand has one in their pocket! 
I live right on the Canadian border. The Canadians come over here to shop because milk is like $6.00 a gallon in Canada. They come over here to buy gasoline, and fill up five gallon containers they take home in their trunks. 
And on the other border? The Mexicans, and the South Americans crash the border gates to get in. 
The strength of an economy can be measured by the amount of currency that can be floated WITHOUT all that currency causing such inflation that buying power is destroyed. 
You can spend dollars in every country in the world. 
The dollar bill is the currency even the Iranian street vendors -hoard in their mattresses. 
The big economic problem right now is deflation. And it’s a wonderful problem to have, if you have money in the bank, or even if you just have a job. 
The reason for the deflation is, not everyone does have a job. 
The credit economy is the culprit. Put your money in the bank. Leave it there. That’s the best advice anyone can give. 
Forget the debt. No one is asking to have it paid off. No one ever thought it would be paid off. 
Believe me, there are a lot of gold bugs today who are licking their wounds from this pop of their bubble. Expect it to get worse for them too. You cannot spend gold at the local hardware store. Jim 
Keep a written journal of these days and your perception of them. What you knew and what is. They will be a window into darkness and why. Truthteller 
Turn the Fed into an actual department of the Federal Government or amalgamate it with the Treasury. Money can then be issued without interest having to be paid to a private bank. At one stroke, a large part of the current debt can be removed as the debt owing to the ‘former Federal Reserve’ would be cancelled. Or is this too simple an idea? Mr. Universe 
It is an excellent idea, i can just see a hole in it though, if we were to impliment this plan, whats to stop the government from collecting the debt from it’s citzens??? just wondering very, very good plan though. 
Simple solutions are often the ones that are the most overlooked 
Sincerely 
http://home.iae.nl/users/lightnet/creator/nationaldebt.htm This Awareness indicates that you must understand that when the Federal Reserve bank, the privately owned Federal Reserve bank, was given authority to print Federal Reserve notes instead of the Treasury Department writing the Treasury Notes as directed by the U.S. Constitution, these Federal Reserve notes were not printed to be given out to the economy, in the way as the Treasury Notes of the Treasury Department. Rather, they were loaned to the U.S. government and then circulated into society, and society was required to pay back interest on the IRS notes and that amount of interest accumulated to the point of approximately 5 trillion dollars at this time (Revelations of Awareness newsletter issue no. 430 1994), to where, if everything in the United States were sold, half of the debt would still be owed. 
This Awareness indicates that the Treasury Department has the potential for totally denouncing the Federal Reserve debt of 5 trillion dollars because it was illegal in the first place. The Treasury Department in the U.S. Constitution is the only proper way of financing the nation; Congress, operating the Treasury Department has the right to mint and coin money, and set the value thereof. 
This Awareness indicates that in this fact, the Federal Reserve was never given any such a right, even with the vote of the Congress, because Congress did not have the right to relegate its obligations to the Federal Reserve, therefore the entire debt of five trillion dollars, because it was illegal in the fist place, is not forcible in a technical sense. MisterMoney 
Inflation is the plan! 
The debt can be repaid in cheaper dollars, so these politicians think, when the dollar drops in value, and they are able to raise more taxes at higher levels. But this only works if wages and earnings raise in tandem with inflation. 
For example, if sales tax is 6%, and I buy a can of beans for a $1.00 I pay 6 cents in taxes. When inflation hits and that can of beans now costs $3.00, I pay 18 cents in taxes. And my higher wages or salary move me up in the tax brackets, so I pay more taxes on the inflated dollars, as do corporations. 
The politicians will never say it, but that is the plan, just inflate this debt down to zilch, public be damned. Rob 
Bart, 
I applaud your attempt to explain the situation… but it sounds like you are reciting a Economics 101 text book, and no offense intended, it would seem that you are not entirely knowledgeable of the facts. 
Your post is entirely ignorant of the politics behind money. 
What lead to our current situation? Your statement that the central banks lost control of the money supply is over simplification, at best, ignorance at worst. Over the past two decades, at the behest of powerful interest groups and lobbyist, Congress dismantled and restructured the then existing regulatory restrictions that protected the economy from the text book situation which you described. And the result? It was predicted many years ago… screamed from the mountaintops for anyone to hear. But no one paid attention. Technically those vested with the power to create law don’t actually break the law. When the regulation and rule of law are manipulated, the eventual outcome of those changes are predictable. Knowledge is power. Ignorance is misfortune. 
As for runs on the bank… your illustration is a far cry from anything other than an illusion. While it is true that banks do not carry ready reserves of Cash on Hand to cover the cumulative balances of their accounts, the monies of the accounts themselves are properly recorded in the banks ledgers. Customers would not need to demand the balance in full, in cash. They could demand a cashiers check, or they could simply walk into another financial institution of their choosing and write a draft or check to transfer their monies from their old bank to their new institution. In the event of a bank failure, the proper action would have been to let the bank fail, at which point its assets would have been seized by the government, it deposits covered (to an extent) by FDIC, and then liquidated or managed in probate to recover losses on behalf of the injured parties. No Bail Outs would have been required. But there would have been a full accounting and investigation of corruption, mismanagement, maleficent, etc. Instead TARPs and Bailouts were appropriated and the monies were used to pay up to 100% on the dollar to the banks themselves, and subsequently the looting and pillaging of America began. 
Let there be no doubt that our current economic crisis is very real, far from over, and deliberately engineered. What are the short and long term implications? As for credit and liquidity, Wall Street is flush, but Main Street has dried up. TARP funds and various bailouts have been used, not to extend credit to Main Street, but rather to starve out the middle class, small and medium businesses, local banks and middle America so that those whom have access and control of credit may buy up practically anything and everything of value for pennies on the dollar. Classic and textbook “Grapes of Wraith” Economics 101, where the Barons and Tycoons of Industry run rough shod over desperate peoples in tough times. The gains are privatized and the losses are socialized. 
As for the long term implications… Doubling the money supply with 0% interest devalues the dollar and lends itself to several carnations of inflation, which may only be offset by artificially dampening cost of infrastructure and labor. In other words, importing cheap labor and exporting manufacturing and industry. Ring any bells? Ironically this only excelerates the phenomena. 
Ultimately, this incomprehensible level of debt may only be solved one of two ways, if not both: 1) The yielding and merger of the American dollar into a new hyper national or international financial union, or 2) Negotiation or Eradication of Debt via the Conquest of Wars and Treaties. Hmm… have you been watching the news lately? G8 What? U.N. / IMF / World Bank are doing what exactly? What treaties have been pending on the horizon? Pray tell me, what exactly were the goals of The Project for the New American Century and the Council on Foreign Relations? Please tell me that you are at least somewhat familiar with the organizations that advise and create the policies that our Congress reviews and our President enacts as policy? 
Bottom line: this is an engineered crisis with but one ultimate goal. Not merely the consolidation of wealth, but a consolidation of Power. The Federal Reserve itself has undergone consolidation. And Wall Street. And Main Street. And soon… as we continue marching towards globalization via Conquest and Treaty and the expansion of Power… Our National Sovereignty. 
And although I most certainly agree with you and applaud you on your preference for direct money creation where Congress creates money to pay for infrastructure to expand the economy, alas, there too you have unwittingly overlooked or intentionally omitted several key details. 
Although Congress does have the constitutional authority to mint coin and regulate the value of domestic and foreign monies, and does stimulate the economy with monies spent on militaries, infrastructure, and commerce, it ultimately can not and should not be responsible for insuring our economy. That said, for better or for worse, with our burgeoning debt our prosperity is being washed away. 
Debt is slavery. Expanding the money supply with fiat currency is a devils game. The only thing that truly generates wealth is labor and resources. You can not exploit resources without access, be it public or private, to land. Be it beef, beans, or bread, or be it lumber, steel, silver, or gold, without land the supply to resources is severed, and with it the capacitance for manufacturing and industry are also severed. 
We could easily transform our fiat money supply into that of one based entirely upon industrial and agricultural commodities, in addition to gold, silver, and other precious metals. But there in lies the crutch. Energy. For mining and harvesting, refinement and manufacturing, and for transportation. 
What, pray tell, has our current economic crises entailed? Hmm… Land, I.e. Real Estate. Commodities and Industry, I.e. Main Street and Jobs. Energy, I.e. oil, gas, coal, and electricity. Financing, I.e. Credit, cash, and liquidity. What exactly have been several of the key issues facing most people these past several years? 
Do you see the pattern yet. Do you recognize the cause, the reaction, the solution? It is NOT simply a matter of the central banks losing control of the money supply. It is about consolidation of financial and political power. Period. Once anyone realizes that, they will be better able to cope with the difficulties at hand and work towards regaining their financial footing, and hopefully, eventually, return to being financially independent. 
When you are ready to set aside that primer for Economics 101 and start learning how things really work, I will be not only applauding you, but cheering you on. 
Best wishes. Jason Seagraves 
It is not “impossible” for the national debt to be paid off. It could theoretically be paid off without inflation, in fact. It would just take time. 
If the money creation was halted, for example, the debt could be paid off over a very long period of time in the following manner: 
1. I am taxed $100. 2. The government uses my $100 to pay down the debt to China. 3. China uses this $100 to buy a product from my company. 4. My company is taxed on this sale. 5. The government takes that tax money and gives it to China, again, etc., etc., etc. bob Tom Dennen 
SOME BROAD NOTES ON THE HISTORY OF MONEY (Without the complicated detail). by Tom Dennen, author of ‘Grand Theft, Planet or Heidi’s Free Bar & Grill’– (free on the Internet). Most of this is probably deliberately scattered all over the Internet, and, if one just looks around a bit, people like me can pretend we have connected some dots. (There is, incidentally, nothing in here about the role Switzerland played in the years under scrutiny.) BUT: *Study the ancient goldsmiths’ discovery of fractional lending and usury. *Read Book Six of Tacitus’“Annals of Rome”. *Read “The Great Reckoning” by James Dale Davidson and William Rees-Mogg. *Consider the fact that you spend twenty of the most productive years of your life paying off a mortgage (deathcage) bond. *Wake up. This might help:“Apocalypse” is a Greek word meaning “the lifting of the veil between you and God,” (or Knowledge or Reality).“The modern banking system manufactures money out of nothing. The process is perhaps the most astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented. Banking was conceived in inequity and born in sin … Bankers own the earth. Take it away from them but leave them the power to create money, and, with a flick of a pen, they will create enough money to buy it back again … Take this great power away from them and all great fortunes like mine will disappear, for then this would be a better and happier world to live in … But, if you want to continue to be the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, then let bankers continue to create money and control credit. ” Sir Josiah Stamp, director of the Bank of England and the second richest man in Britain in the 1920s, speaking at the University of Texas in 1927.“In a dark time, the eye begins to see,” Theodore Roethke.“CAPITALISM IS A SYSTEM THROUGH WHICH WEALTH IS REGULARLY TRANSFERED (STOLEN) FROM THOSE WHO CREATE IT TO THOSE WHO ARE ALREADY WEALTHY, WHILE THOSE WHO CREATE IT ARE KEPT UNAWARE OF THE THEFT BY ‘THE MATRIX’”– t.d.“All wealth is created by work.”– Adam Smith. It’s becoming clear to many more people every day how the ‘matrix’– the system – works, and how the Internet is the leaky bucket out of which the truth (Apocalypse) is flying and the leaks – like Ellen Brown, Rense, What Really hAPPENED ET AL, are hopefully out of control. Since the early goldsmiths discovered fractional (reserve) banking, (created money out of thin air) and introduced predatory lending, they have been thrown out of every courntry they set up in, after which those countries returned to resource-based economies and went through several decades of economic recovery. Until the sixteenth century, in Holland. Then and there, when the goldsmiths were discovered plying their usurious debt / lending system, the already wealthy government and merchant classes simply joined them in the first full “collusion among corporatocracy, authoritarian government, controlled media and education.”– Fascism. (Global Research). Add bankers to that conspiracy and you have the recipe for the last three hundred years of fiscal theft through market manipulation by ‘The Establishment’, The ‘Elite’, the ‘Illuminati’ or the “Rothschild Family’, take your pick, but once government was in on the scam, the wealth that the lower and middle classes created by work was harvested every fifty years or so. Holland was, I believe, the site of the first experiment in money market manipulation by this collusion of classes.‘Tulip Mania’ is regarded as seriously silly season stuff among some debunkers, but which today is also a generic for an ‘out-of-control’ Bull Market. The thing is, it was for keeps.‘Tulip Mania’ is a controlled boom situation; controlled by those who run the Great Wealth Shift every generation, starting with the South Sea Bubble crash in 1720. This set of conclusions is largely gathered from a monetary history according to James Dale Davidson and William Rees-Mogg: Every fifty years or so since the South Sea Crash, financial markets have peaked – and exactly nine years later, crashed – followed by a depression during which, bracketed by expensive wars, vast amounts of properties have been foreclosed and the ‘masters’ transfered huge amounts of the wealth accumulated by the working class –“all wealth is created by work” (Adam Smith) – who were left to starve. Just like today. THE SHIFT IN WORLD ECONOMIC PREDOMINANCE“All long-term credit cycles end with asset crashes in the markets of the leading economy. Measuring from crash to crash the dates of the modern credit cycles are as follows:”(starting with the South Sea Bubble) Span Duration 1873 – 1929 56 years 1929 – 1990 61 years“The crashes and resulting depressions appear to be less intense and traumatic when the end of the cycle does not coincide with a shift in world economic predominance.”– The Great Reckoning, James Dale Davidson & William Rees-Mogg, 1993. Recent benchmarks are Common Cause: 1907 Financial Panic 1913 The privately-owned American Federal Reserve (FED) System Created 1929 The Great Depression – (Nice work, FED and Benjamin Shalom B. is returned to office!!) 1933 Theodore Roosevelt’s Executive Order 6102 outlaws owning gold 1934 Gold Reserve Act freezes gold at $35 per ounce 1971 United States abandons gold standard 1974 U.S. citizens allowed to own gold 2009 Gold exceeds $1100 per ounce The depression following the 1990 crash is fully upon us and the consequences are global because we are in the middle of the biggest shift in world economic predominance. We will not see the end of it for a long while – all we will see are futile reports of the transfer of huge amounts of money to the banking cartels and hear their stories of ‘green shoots’ and ‘recovery’. Until people are back to work there is no recovery. The essence of fiscal control is not race, religion or nationality but just a passion for control over other humans. SOVEREIGN MONEY Both Lincoln and Kennedy were assassinated after introducing sovereign currencies, which were quickly removed from circulation after the killings. What happened to Schwartzenegger’s IOUs? They were de facto sovereign currency paid back on maturity by the state at a 3.75% interest. (It took the entire western world including Russia, incidentally, to crush Hitler who had also introduced sovereign money against the web of banking debt). When the directors of the Bank of England asked what was responsible for the booming economy of the young American colonies, Benjamin Franklin explained that the colonial governments issued their own money, which they both lent and spent into the economy:“In the Colonies,” he said, “we issue our own paper money. It is called ‘Colonial Scrip.’ We issue it in proper proportion to make the goods pass easily from the producers to the consumers. In this manner, creating ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay to no one. You see, a legitimate government can both spend and lend money into circulation, while banks can only lend significant amounts of their promissory bank notes, for they can neither give away nor spend but a tiny fraction of the money the people need.“Thus, when your bankers here in England place money in circulation, there is always a debt principal to be returned and usury to be paid. The result is that you have always too little credit in circulation to give the workers full employment. You do not have too many workers, you have too little money in circulation, and that which circulates, all bears the endless burden of unpayable debt and usury.” (Wikipedia) One of the most significant – and Apocalyptic – leaks is Ellen Brown’s book, ‘Web of Debt’ along with the Global Warming lies now out in the open. The Bilderbergs / governments / banks / merchants / landowners / fake scientists / Big Pharma and the rest are now too big not to fail at keeping their secrets. Solution? This will set us free: Return to resource-based economies. Do not borrow unless it’s from a state, county, city or people-owned bank that does not charge interest. Gather together and itemize all the resources of your community and learn to barter. Keep your wealth to yourselves. – you created it. Above all, don’t listen to snake oil salesmen like Obummer and Al Bore who are just stealing while callously killing your children for money. (Optional: http://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/grandtheft.php ) THE BUSINESS OF BANKERS IS WAR, SO:“I am as intolerant of imperialistic designs on the part of other nations as I was of such designs on the part of Germany. The choice is between two ideals; on the one hand, the ideal of democracy, which represents the rights of free peoples everywhere to govern themselves, and, the ideal of imperialism which seeks to dominate by force and unjust power, an ideal which is by no means dead and which is earnestly [sought] in many quarters still.” U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, July 1919“Fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of war.” The Qur’an (9:5), Islam’s holy book“We are fighting them (the terrorists) over there so that we won’t have to fight them here at home.” Former U.S. President George W. Bush.“I, like any head of state, reserve the right to act unilaterally if necessary to defend my nation.” U.S. President Barack Obama, December 10, 2009“When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest…and there is nothing to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war.” Plato, ancient Greek philosopher (428/427-348/347 B.C.) Truthteller 
Ken, have checked out the IVAMU site. What happens if this ‘golden paper money’ is burnt to extract its gold content in the way that gold coins used to be ‘clipped’, which was the reason why gold coins gave way to coins of base metal content? 
(There may be a solution contained in Thunderhawk’s views in this forum: http://www.democracyforum.co.uk/economy/70530-can-we-live-without-money.html ) 
One word: velocity Glenn Peters 
This article articulates the money supply methodology using fiat currency fairly well, but it omits the one aspect that all such criticisms do: time. It is disingenuous to mis-match securities to day zero. Asking for every dollar loaned over widely varying periods of maturity to be immediately returned is nonsensical. To put it in microeconomic terms, an individual on a $50k salary who borrows $200k, will pay about ~$1.4k per month over 25 years @ 7% pa. Were the borrower asked to repay the entire sum TODAY does that mean the borrower is insolvent? No. The borrower has 25 years of income, which if NPV’d at a 7% discount rate, shows the borrower is quite solvent. If these data sets for US debt are to be put in their correct perspective, GDP must be summed for the same period at the debt, or its average maturity. To present the debt as a fraction of one year’s GDP only is just bad math. Yes, I’m an economist, and yes I used to work for a bank 
Depressed and now have a headache before starting my day, thank you! great post. web ether-net ideas 
1. Eliminating the Fed is not going to happen. JFK tried and look where he ended up. 2. Ever since government stopped guaranteeing $$$$ with gold – $$$ have no real value, its just paper with very nice pictures.(the value is based on believe, good faith, call it what you want) 3. The debt national debt vs.currency in circulation/treasuries/etc everything is connected/ the amount of currency + fed % rates moderate inflation/ but at the end it doesn’t really matter/ money is created on the computer screens now, and we see printed currency only in the evens like bailout (which by the way wasn’t the first one, probably not the last either)The rest is being recycled.. 4. Catch-22 – congress is a bunch of puppets directed by the corporate sponsors (donations, donations, donations) or otherwise purchased just like in the mall. 5.IVAMU???? is this a joke idea? the only sensible and logical thing to do would be denationalization of money – anyone interested in what it is – read DENATIONALIZATION OF MONEY -ARGUMENT REFINED BY F.A. HAYEK. (as to practicality it would have to be applied, like every theory, but it makes sense) 6. To control society you don’t need debt – but ignorance, and fear factor (but there is no 50K to win) 7. someone mentioned WWIII on the discussion board, “i wonder where would it take place this time” because last two did not touch USA (oh yeah Pearl Harbor)could prevent it, but there had to be some excuse just like 9/11. 8. dont have this one 9. i like to see both side of the stick, and i would really like to see the other one…. 10. Ups i did it again, 1913, 1920-30,1984 ups 1987, 2007-09-…ongoing. craps 2012 pt. 6 web ether-net ideas 
o just remembered nr.8 – global warming – or should i say climate change – or should i say natural change scientifically proven. I think i remember reading something about orbital changes and distance that the earth changes – similarly to 4 seasons Jemolina 
If you lend a cup of sugar you expect to get back something more than the cup of sugar, to make up for the fact that you’ve incurred a cost in going without the sugar and risked it never being returned. 
Money is not required for repaying debt, so the premise of the article is bunk. Suppose the debt is to China, for the supply of a billion t-shirts, 200 million microwave ovens, etc. To repay the debt the US has to create a billion t-shirts, 200 million microwave ovens etc (plus interest) more than it consumes. The important bit is that the debtor’s production must be more than its consumption. 
Now introduce money into the equation and start from zero cash in the US. The US has assets such as mining rights, so they can sell something to a dollar holder for cash. The cash can be used to repay debt, or it can be invested in productive activities which generate a profit. The tipping point for a country being or not being able to repay its debt is not related to the money supply. What you need to look at is the relationship between productivity, consumption, assets, debt and interest rates. Current and future generations of Americans need to (a) produce more than they consume to make up for the past generations which consumed more than they produced. Or they can (b) reject the inequitable system and default. Or they can (c) embrace the inequitable system and use the world’s largest military and most brainwashed population to go on a global pillaging spree in the name of freedom. My money’s not on (a). 
Remember, when a debt is repaid with money it is the debt which disappears, not the money. The money continues to circulate so a penny can pay off an infinite amount of debt. Trent 
Lol barts a moron, sound like he gets his “information” from mainstream media. Like listening to an exact recording of the “news” on national tv. Wake up FOOL, youve been had! Greg 
One major flaw in the argument. Your right on how the money supply works and expands, but your forgetting that money is still just pieces of paper floating around. They really do not have value. Our goods and services are what really has value. How would it be mathematically impossible to pay back our debt with our goods and services when our debt has not yet even reached the dollar amount of all goods and services we produce in 1 year. Not even one year worth of our goods and services (GDP) would be needed to pay the debt back. We have had much higher debt in the past comparably. This is if you actually look at our debt compared to GDP. This is like you would look at your own debt compared to your income in your household. If my debt was equal to my income this year, I might be very worried, but it’s not the end of the world. jos boersema 
Hi, the founding fathers of the USA also said (iirc) that the people needed to be educated. For ppl (like me) who are not professionally in banking the money issue (in full) can seem complicated. I think that for sufficient political oversight #1 thing for a new system must be simplicity. Only what is simple people can understand, only what people can understand they can inspect, police & keep righteous. 
What do you think of this system: a Gov issued fiat, legal tender law, fit for debt, and taxes payed in it. Now the money will work as money in exchange. Then a central gov owned bank as the infrastructural backbone, with collective accounts for banks (privacy from gov). Retail account & savings account services banks who are prohibited to lend out a single dime (inspected by gov), by law prohibited to lend anything. Then a separate mortgage & consumer credit sector, also heavily policed by gov. By law nobody can resell a loan to a third party. Then a third sector which handles business upstart & expansion credit, these investments are in the form of plain loans and can neither be traded to third parties. 
It is my understanding that this third sector has to be dominated by political will of the people, to prevent that sector from growing up those tiranical and corrupt corporations the USA founding fathers may have talked about. 
The money would then be spend into circulation and taxed out of it, the government never lends a single coin from anyone (only taxes). As a rule the (next) government never pays back loans, so that future govs won`t be able to get credit either … 
I`d say this is simple, what people expect too. To round it off: international businesses are prohibited henceforth, and politics rules on import/export tariffs to protect its markets and industries out of long term self interest (at a cost to global economic effeciency). This program also requires the government to be a faithful true democracy …… 
Is this something, if not why ? I personally don`t believe in gold / silver money that much. (Sorry to post such a long comment.) Bud Selig 
The reason the status quo exists is because of ignorance. Politicians, Bankers and the “Elite” rule because the sheeple can’t grasp what is going on and are complacent slaves oblivious to puppeteers manipulations. Our “Leaders” in this country are only in control of the destiny of our nation to the extent that they are allowed. If the sheeple were able to peek behind the curtain the revolution would already be upon us. “taught” (in congress) and the president If the government is able to keep 
What we are seeing is the last and greatest betrayal of the American people. Next stop, serfdom. Margo 
Okay people, let me make this simple. CHINA owns us. Technically, at any moment, they can say – we want our money. And guess what? We can’t pay it. You know HOW we can pay it back though? Obviously not with our money…. (it’s worth nothing) We don’t have enough gold. But we do have real estate…. Yep, they can collect our collateral… Our precious land. And guess what else? The Chinese are COMMUNIST. SO, I guess our freedom IS for sale– Is there ANYONE out there with ANY kind of economic sense? Because this Congress and this administration are KILLING us (or at least SELLING us!) TimJowers 
Josh, The money is owed to yourself and other Americans. Social Security money has been wasted and effectively funded Wall Street Bonuses this year and last year. Same for other liabilities (medicare!). So, when you portend the money will not be paid back then you are correct. The only problem is the losers are working Americans. Not Billionaires. Not Congress persons. Not the FED or their posse for sure! Fractional banking is a simple system to steal from those who produce value and give to those who control the printing press. Very simple. Very effective. (BTW, the legal limit in the UK is 666 fake credit bubble pounds to every actual pound on deposit. At least one bank made it up to 66 to 1 in 2008.) Big M 
The debt is phony, and the people of this country didn’t sign anything agreeing to pay off loans that didn’t go to them. 
Each state legislature should immediately declare its independence from the brothel in DC, confiscate every military base within its borders (they paid for them, didn’t they?), start their own state banks, COIN their own money, and tell the criminals in DC to pound sand. The CONstitution isn’t legally binding on ANYBODY, and never has been, which means that the criminal syndicate calling itself the federal government has neither legitimacy nor legal authority. TimJowers 
Here’s how I see it: Fractional banking is a simple way to steal from those who work. For every $1 you earn from working, they print $1 or so for themselves; so, no matter how hard you work, you will never get ahead. 
Josh, Its actually worse than you portend. The theft is from each American in the way of Social Security, Medicare, etc. That money has been stolen and is gone. 
“Fractional banking” is criminal. It is a way for those who do not work to reward themselves and take from others. Imagine if you offered auto insurance to all your friends and neighbors. What if one had a wreck and asked you to pay? How is this any different than what AIG did? The difference is they control the government and can take from the taxpayers. You cannot. The same for the FED. Imagine if you borrowed money from all of your friends and family to the point you borrowed $10,000 but you only really had $100. Well, that’s fractional banking. To make it worse, imagine if you never even had the $100 in the first place but your brother had given you an IOU for it – even though he himself was broke! That’s how the Federal Reserve Banking System works. Its a simple con job on trusting Americans. And it has destroyed the USA. 
(The legal limit in the UK is 666 to 1. One banks was leverage 66 to 1 in 2008. They are all probably higher now since the derivatives markets are back in the stratosphere.) TimJowers 
Glenn Peters, 
Do you have any idea what GDP is? Step out of the box and think about it for a minute! GDP is a measure of “tax ability” NOT productiveness. I’m sure you know how its components but others should look it up. Its good for a laugh and a cry. Anyone who quotes GDP as having any meaning to value of a country’s workforce and value of th country’s working people is either brainwashed, on the take, or ignorant of the facts. Mockan 
The Elites “solution” to this problem was always for the Elites to move their financial operations to countries that still have wealth not yet appropriated, formally dissolve the USA Constitution, dissolve USA sovereignty, and make the US military the official enforcement arm of the United Nations (that is what Elites in control of the UN have wanted to protect “their” wealth, and prevent any other countries from threatening their power and control). The actual solution is going to be global rebellion against the Elites, denial of validity of all their ownership contracts, their apprehension, and execution. All assets will be returned. There will probably be some form of globalization, but not run by criminal organizations. Spencer 
I believe there was a president who went against the norm and began printing U.S Notes – but he was killed soon after. 
I’d say what’s missing from the article is that the US debt (including unfunded liabilities) is over 100 Trillion. Like the Romans, they promised much more then the state could deliver to their overly vast military and other government run organizations. 
Though I don’t know how much I disagree with fractional reserve. Lending permits new companies to exist, you might even say that the west is so well developed because of its lending system…..but that’s just a thought, not a statement Spencer 
strike last comment – he addressed unfunded liabilities in an update Ted 
Thank you Obama, Pelosi, Reid, et al for further adding to the debt by their socialist system of entitlement PBS 
Cash in circulation can exceed debt/credit. Yes. How? whn people start putting more money under the matresses and not in Bank Sleuth51 
What is the value of real estate owned by the government? How much of that could be sold and leased back to cut the debt by, say, 60%? There must be all kinds of hidden assets that the Ruling Class don’t want us to know about. What if we cut our defense budget to $100 billion a year, cut all foreign aid… daydreaming. What a bunch of crocs we have in Congress. Go Green, Recycle Congress. SERFDOM Or FREEDOM. wayne 
The federal reserve did not lend us any money. They lent us paper. Pay them back with reams of paper. If their paper is worth something just because they say it is then so is ours. They aren’t God; they’re just a bank. Jim Hatfield 
Here’s some solutions and suggestions: 
1. Setting up local currencies in your own town or city 
2. Tangible bartering for services and supplies within your community-keep it local 
3. Get back to farming-organically-support your local farmer’s market or participate. 
4. If you have to spend money, don’t spend it on the big corporations-give it to the local guy (even if its a little more expensive). 
5. Stop participating in what the establishment wants us to participate in. The U.S government/ world banks/the UN/the Fed/the Media-> ALL IN BED TOGETHER-THEY DON’T CARE ABOUT US!!! 
Watch: 
7. Make and invent your own energy and money saving ideas-> Google: “Suppressed Energy Technology” WeOweWho? 
Who do we owe money to? We don’t owe ANYBODY a dime. The money is created as a means of exchange and tender. That is what the CONSTITUTION states. 
What the filthy, lying FED is doing is tacking on their MONEY-CHANGER fee. And we all know WHO the money changers are. They want to live a life of EXTREME wealth without having to work for it. Bob 
All this debt… who made profit from it and why??? I paid my house twice its value because of interests, but the money I was lent by the bank was pure invention from the bank… they did not have the money they lent me ( they legally need to have 10% ) of what they lend and the rest is AIR but I have to pay them interest on that AIR. It seems that the problem is the thiefs of the banking system and the Federal Reserve … and whoever profits from the interests on inexistent money… are the very persons who are taking the world’s economies hostage (some form of real slavery). The Federal Reserve + the banking system is THE problem. 
Ace post – here’s more on the Federal Reserve/Rothschilds who also own the Bank of England and set the Gold Standard. 
Lincoln also stood up to them – end of Lincoln. Jackson, being a canny Ulsterman survived many assassination attempts. 
Hamilton was allegedly the Rothschild’s inside man who tried to set up a Bank of America similar to their Bank of England. 
They make their Banks and establishments appear to have Government status, and own 50% of the world’s assets. 
the dynasty started with goldsmith Amschel Meyer who nailed a red shield to his door and called himself Rotschild. The House has bankrolled most major wars and profited handsomely therefrom. Not for all their fortune would I want the blood of one soldier on my hands. 
Apparently five TRILLION dollars disappeared in the first week of the bankers bailout…and another 4.8 billion since…? 
The Obama Deception 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F4IGwuKdUQ&NR=1 Rot econs 101 Cody 
The problem that is not addressed here is not money creation, which through fractional reserve banking gives banks the power to create credit from nothing. The real problem is interest. When the money supply is expanded via fractional reserve banking it creates more money to be injected into the money supply. However loans also charge interest. Only the money created for the loan contract or principal is actually distributed in the money supply. The money to pay the interest is not created in the money supply, thus creates a system of perpetual inflation. This is a lose-lose situation for the person taking the loan for not only does the amount of money in the money supply not even exist to pay off the interest, but the original loan that was taken devalues the money we already have. This means that not only are bankruptcies inevitable, but everyone is taxed subversively via inflation. OSKR 
It’s sad read about how certain people on this blog try to make others feel IGNORANT because of thier lack of knowledge on the subject. This is a place where people from all over come in and pitch in their thoughts and opinons about whats happening to our corrupt financial system. This not to see who is the brightest in financial analysis and to see who is good about historical facts. so do us a favor the next time u post something dont make remarks about how dumb someone is in regards to the situation because honestly, its only shows how full of BS you really are. web ether-net ideas 
how about we go back to barter system???? i was arguing with one of my economy teachers that barter system was actually efficient… the argument was: how can you value a dozen eggs, or something of that sort… well for one person a dozen eggs can be worth a pound of flour, for other gallon of milk, another would provide a service like a roof repair or something. You bargain and come to a mutual understanding of your product/service value, at the same time the product/service might be worth more/less in a different situation. But then again modern economists disagree due to inability of disregarding those “modern unified rules” of value…. but that’s what the real barter system is about there is not prescribed value to anything you make it your own… (and actually this system has been proven by the guy who exchanged a paper pin for a house- check out this story) Bystander 
Saying money doesn’t have any value is a ridiculous claim. If you really believe it i will be more than happy to come to your house and relieve you of your excess paper. The value of anything is the result of supply and demand. The demand for US dollars derives from the laws mandating they be accepted for all debt public and private. The supply results from the government putting money in circulation. Where supply and demand meet we find the value of something. Paper money has no more or less inherent value than gold or anything else. You can’t eat either, both will fail in getting you to work or sheltering you or your family. There value is determined largely by the rules and mores of society. Money from our laws, and gold from the fact that people like shinny things. 
I have no problem with the Fed, actually i trust the fed alot more than i trust the (current) congress, president, and alot of people. Our problems are big, but not insurmountable. We don’t have to worry about paying off the national debt immediately, instead simply balancing the budget would do alot, since with economic growth a constant nominal debt value will decrease as a percent of our economic if the economic is growing. 
The problem is geting the economy to start growing. And in order to do that we need to create a friendly environment for business. Another tough, but not impossible thing to accomplish. Get Real 
United States coins and currency (including Federal reserve notes and circulating notes of Federal reserve banks and national banks) are legal tender for all debts, public charges, taxes, and dues. Foreign gold or silver coins are not legal tender for debts. (31 USC Sub IV Ch 51 Sub 1 Sec 5103) 
Unfortunately for The Fed they screwed up when they passed The Federal Reserve Act and failed to void the ability of Treasury to issue its own non-debt-bearing currency which is also legal tender. It requires only an executive order to implement Joe Blow 
The mounting debts are deliberate and are but a tool to take this country from the American citizens. Furthermore, this discussion ignores the effect of crude oil on banking and money. A comprehensive discussion includes the effect of the petrodollar system on our currency. With that, we should include the impact of holding more crude oil within our borders than all the other proven oil reserves on earth. Here are the official estimates:– 8-times as much oil as Saudi Arabia– 18-times as much oil as Iraq First, investigate the Williston Basin, more commonly referred to as the ‘Bakken.’ It an area stretching from Northern Montana, through North Dakota and into Canada. It contains over 500 billion barrels of oil. Also, since 2006, it’s been common knowledge in the oil industry that 1,000 feet beneath the surface of the Rocky Mountains lies the largest untapped oil reserve in the world. It holds more than 2 TRILLION barrels. On August 8, 2005 President Bush mandated its extraction. In four years of high oil prices none has been extracted and nearly all of us are unaware of its existence. These oil assets are coveted by the international banking cabal and the largest multinational industries because in a world reliant on crude oil, oil can be used as currency between nations. The size of ours guarantee global predominance. Currently the major multinational banks are colluding to take this wealth from the American citizens. They are in the process of creating a spectacular economic collapse of our fiat dollar system. With it will come a tremendous drop in our standard of living. This means more than resorting to “Hamburger Helper” instead of filet mignon. It means increased infant mortality rates and decreased life expectancy. Afterwards we will surrender our constitutional government and our natural resources for the promise of regaining some modicum of our standard of living and relative affluence. All the while we would possess the means and the resources to pay the debts they incurred for us, enormous though they may be. Sad to say it, ladies and gentlemen, but control of our government has been taken from us and now we begin to pay the price for letting it happen. web ether-net ideas 
Bystander_ why don’t you then start printing your own money and see where that takes you. Any country’s currency in order to have any value has to be backed up by something. That is why it is called legal tender because the idea of paper money is simply made up and works just as IOUs (of sort). When US used to have the gold standard- US currency was backed up by the gold bullion, which had value. But after president Nixon ended Brentton Woods act and eliminated gold standards US currency is backed by empty promises and the believe that US is GOOD FOR IT. Bankdog 
The point isn’t that the dollar isn’t worth anything. ($.04) The point is that there arent enough dollars in the collective US to pay off our gov’ts current debt load. And for those of you that trust the fed, may I suggest that you read “the Creature From Jekyll Island”. Or, research what they were up to in 1987 with the creation of Credit Default Swaps and the repeal of Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 in 1999. These were two MAJOR dominoes that fell and put us in the financial situation that we’re in today. Congress and the Treasury are both in the back pocket of the fed. And Goldman Sachs is their favorite recruiting grounds. Support HR 1207. Call your congressman/women and tell them to vote yes. brewd 
Fact is if you’re not part of the rich elite you are screwed. The best strategy is to not have any children so they don’t have to live in the coming misery and stuff. Michael 
The bumblebee can’t fly either, but it does. 
Your article does not take into account that the nation was actually much more in debt during World War II. 
Gloom and doom, sensationalistic statements do not help *anybody*. Wyatt Junker 
Solution? Get rid of government. Maybe 70% of it. Keep national defense. 
Immediately stop all payroll taxes into the system right now. Do a very slow drain back to those people who paid in their entire lives with an apology that the government will never do that again, ever, under threat of individual sate secession. Let people keep what they earn. 
Hold a Con Convention with an agenda that Congress must always balance its budget every year with third party audits held up by private sector and publicized with fact checks made available for all to see. 
Medicare can be reformed by ending the entitlement for those paying in now. Bring competition back into the system by letting providers compete across state lines. Handicap trial lawyers and ambulance chasers by introducing a large tax on any judgment issued by a court against businesses. Why? Because businesses are our bread and butter, literally our very survival. We need to become grateful again for businesses who provide jobs rather than stigmatize them as greedy organizations. They create earnings. They create jobs. Not government. Therefore they get special rights as risk takers. 
Incentivize corporations with tax holidays or do a fair tax which would essentialy end corporate tax rates and would compete for coporations to come back to the US, theoretically repatriating their assets back to the country, by some estimates of well over $100 trillion in assets. 
Talk about a jobs bill! 
The current regime has no clue. 
Time for them to legalize marijuana. That move alone would save them millions. Then, they take it over. Grow it, sell it, tax it. Problem solved. 
Why are they so stubborn about this anyway? BK 
There is a huge hole in the reasoning. 
>The Federal Reserve swaps these green pieces of paper for pink pieces of paper called U.S. Treasury bonds. 
Correct. 
However, the Federal reserve turns over all its profits back to the treasury. So there really is no interest being paid to the Fed. 
>The only way to create more money is to go into even more debt which makes the problem even worse. 
Who is the government going into debt with? Oh, that’s right. Itself. All it is doing is stuffing a piggy bank full of dollar bills with IOU’s and then taking out actually currency. Mark 
Money, itself paper, gold, feathers whatever is simply bizarre. Animals must think we’re nuts and if life exists outside of earth they must think we’re nuts as well. 
Tons of plants and animals but if you don’t have paper (in our case) you starve? 
lol, this insane system will be laughed at thousands of years from now. It’s so ridiculously stupid. I didn’t vote for Obama 
How can anyne in their right mind have faith in our Congress,the Democrats or the person in Washington ethanallen 
Get Real you are correct. The authority for the federal gov’t to issue banknotes still exists. However consider the fate of the last president to issue United States Notes rather than relying on Federal Reserve Notes. None other than President John F. Kennedy. Anita 
A man named Larry Burkett who had a financial radio program some years back on Christian Radiowrote a book called “The Coming Economic Earthquake” which covered the subject very well. He saw this coming when there was hardly a sign of it anywhere, and now it is here. Tea 
Here is why your logic is faulty. If it’s impossible to pay off the national debt, then how was it possible to create the debt? Wouldn’t your same logic apply to prove that it is *impossible* to get us in debt his far? 
You make a good point, but all you are showing is that it’s impossible to pay off our national debt instantly (as in within a second). And nobody is proposing that anyway;) 
Money gets recycled, like air. As long as have some trees around, we’ll never run out of oxygen. If …. that is 😉 Anthony Mascia 
“So what should we do? Does anyone have any suggestions?” 
Well I tried to look at all the comments and I may have missed it… Did you see the words “treason” or “traitor” anywhere yet? Without prosecution(s) for this crime it will be difficult for the other suggestions — many good — to take place. State & local level actions hold the most promise. 
My suggestion then is pray to God for his mercy on our Country. This is our most powerful weapon. Luke 
Declare the US as Bankrupt and not pay off the debt… Alternativly… 1. Refuse monetary policy to get as screwed up as it has been.. for if the interest rate on money was 15% about 8 years ago.. the national debt wouldnt have gotten so high…the international value of the US dollar would have reflected its interest rate better and hence MORE loaning more difficult… Funny what a war in Iraq can do… 2. Stop a trade debt… so money can come in from other countries and hence pay the debt… Why do you think Barak Obama just recently asked china to buy product from them? IE… START EXPORTING with a low valued dollar and a higher interest rate… hence paying off debt… 3. Take up taxes and stop voting in politicians that claim they can solve the problem without bringing it up… More is in a movie IOUSA which is alittle better than my descriptions above…. Fractional banking isn’t THE problem… ie 100 = 1000… it is simply a stupid way of handling money… the money has to reflect the assets better thats all… ie… 100 dollars in a society needs to = about 100 dollars of product (including labor products like a lawyer or something) in trade to buy it with… With all ratios that it has gotten this bad… hard times lie ahead… as everyone loves to repeat… John 
@Bystander, the point regarding value of the USD is that is comes out of nothing. Certain people can press a few computer buttons and create hundreds of billions of dollars. If one person has the power to create hundreds of billions of dollars out of thin air, then what can the true value be? What work was done or product/service sold in order to productively create this new money? None. The value, the true value, is nonexistent. People value dollars because of faith and trust in the government which says they have value. The same government that prints the money out of thin air. 
The difference with gold as money, the reason why the founders of the United States mandated that only gold and silver were money, is that gold or silver cannot be created out of nothing by government bureaucrats. When governments are unable to create money out of thin air then they have no choice but to live within their means. But, governments living within their means equates to less interest income for the bankers… 
Another point about gold, it has an extremely long and successful track record as being accepted as money, for more than 5,000 years. All fiat currencies, of which the USD is, in the history of the world (aside from our current group of fiat currencies) have failed. Fiat has a very bad historical track record. Gold, well, as JP Morgan once stated to Congress in 1913, “gold is money and nothing else.” 
OK, why not for some famous US solutions: 1. Instigate a few wars and supply all countries/factions involved with US weapons. BIG profits! 2. Increase heroin production in Afghanistan and make young people in Eastern Europe/Asia drug dependent. Who cares? Big Continuous Profits! 3. Abolish the US$ and start another currency. Start over again. Foreign debt? Pooff, Gone! 4. Just manipulate the gold and silver price upward instead of downward. What about US$ 51.000/Oz? Your advantage with only a few telephone calls to some Wall Street Banks: 8,133.5 (MT; US gold reserves) x 1000 kg x 32,15 = 261,5 Million Oz. x US$ 51,000 = US 13,3 Quadrillion. Debt: Pooff, gone! 
History has learned to be very cynical to believe the US will have the balls to confront their problems. Most probably they will find an easy way out: bomb the problems into oblivion, let other people pay for their debt or create another paper illusion. Hetty 
It appears to me the crisis was caused by the US, that is the Federal Reserve. What happened was that the risks were sold abroad as derivatives, so foreign banks have to suffer as well as US banks. Actually, we are in the same boat, all over the world. I don’t think it is fair to let the people, whether in the US, Greece, Iceland, Portugal or wherever, suffer for the unfair system of debt creation. We need some bright ideas and political clout to get rid of this debt in the best way for the people. We know that debt is as fictional as money created by the banks, so something must be possible in this area. Frankenstein Government 
Excellent article. Pretty factual despite all of the nanny naysayers. 
Therein lies the rub. Money is illusory and does not actually exist. It is a debt instrument. As long as people “believe” the unbacked and fiat currency of the US has value-then it does. Perception is truly reality. The problem is that folks are beginning to figure this out. Like China and the Middle East. 
Abolish the voracious middle man-Federal Reserve. Print our own currency. Be a patriot. Vote libertarian. GulagCentral 
Everybody needs to get all the credit cards they can…run the limit to the max and don’t pay on them. Stop making mortgage payments. If you are self employed stop paying your quarterly income taxes. Of course nobody will do this because they are scared to lose their littole possessions. But if we did the country would grind to a halt pretty soon. Then see where the chips fall. Karl 
I predict we end up going the way of barter, via an unofficial currency like Argentina’s credito. That, or we go back to seashells. Gold & silver are too valuable to be a currency again. We’ll always have money though. Mike 
First, (as Get Real pointed out) the Federal Reserve and its fiat note are unconstitutional. Only congress has the power to coin money. Simple, argument over. “Coin” was deliberately used as the Founding Fathers recognized the dangers of paper money, and coins were used for many years. Paper bills were created to facilitate large transactions, but the bills were tied to gold redeemable at a quantity of grams of gold. The fact is, our Federal reserve not is not redeemable for anything. Nixon cut that tie. So, our money has ties only to Federal reserve assets, which consist of failed mortgage securities, to the tune of 2 trillion. 
Other countries are unloading their stockpiles of US currency for gold bullion from the IMF. Foreign banks are trying to get to 30% US currency reserves, down from 65%. 
Bystander has drank the kool-aid and I am going to increase your choco rations to 30grams next week! The Fedreral reserve issues currency, not the government. Gold and silver have been used as money for thousands of years, so their established value is not in question whatsoever as a money. 
DO the smart thing and diversify some of your investments into precious metals and get in to dividend paying foreign stocks that have little to no ties to US interests. GG 
The answer is pretty obvious, and simple…. 
The US will default on it`s debt. 
It will probably offer to pay China/Japan/etc their parts of the debt (which I belive is actually a pretty small part of the overall debt), but the rest will be defaulted. 
There, problems solved (and new problems created!) Ed Simple 
Me? I’m renouncing my citizenship and moving to Switzerland. Jim 
I won’t even begin to list the ways in which the article is dead wrong. A complete waste of time. If you’re buying what this article is selling, you should look elsewhere for an education on how these systems work. The author doesn’t know. Don 
OK – First of all, the FED actually creates very little money in our fractional monetary system. In normal markets there is $800 Billion of US Treasury Notes (a debit entry) that has been moneterized into Federal Reserve Notes (a credit entry). Due to the enormous one-time (hopefully) money needs stemming from the fall-out of the credit crisis, the FED has mushroomed its balance sheet to approximately $2.3 Trillion from the aforementioned $800 Billion. This quantitative easing was necessary due to interest rate considerations, not because there was not enough money. Simply put, if the US Treasury had to issue a Trillion or so more in US Treasury Notes overnight, the interest rates would have sky-rocketed which would have put the chances for a recovery into the remote range. Moreover, the author implies that the FED is controlled a group of elites that and are absconding the money they make. This is only remotely true. The FED is independent of the US Government, so politics stay out of the banking sector. Moreover, the great majority of the money generated investments on the FED’s books from US Treasuries, and now, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac paper is simply given back to the US Treasury. If that was not the case, you can be certain the Bernanke would not be re-appointed as FED Chairman by a vote of Congress. 
Secondly, the majority of our money is created when banks make loans. When a banker makes a loan, he must retain a capital ratio of around 8%. My sense is that the author is inter-changably treating this 8% requirement as the approximate 10% reserve requirement that the FED has in place. When a bank makes a new loan it is debit on its books and the credit is a deposit into the borrowers account. Somebody has to clarify to me how money has been lost in this transaction. Say the loan is for $100,000… well, $100,000 is credited to the borrower, so how there a loss of 10%? When you borrow $100,000 from a bank, do you only receive $90,000 as the author seems to be implying? For EVERY DEBIT on the books, there is an equal CREDIT, unless the loan is not paid back. Of course, that is why an 8% capital requirement is in place, so that the loan loss can safely be offset against the bank’s capital. 
Thirdly, the money supply is tight right now because banks have been contracting their balance sheets. This is being done by tightening credit standards. When less credit is being issued by banks a contraction in the macro money supply occurs. Likewise, when banks make loans, their balance sheets are made larger on both the asset and liability side (deposits or money) of their books and the macro money supply is expanded. 
Fourthly, part of the reason that the macro money supply is not expanding is due to loans losses that banks are taking due to the lack of supervision regarding the subprime debacle. When banks lose money, they very naturally become hesitant to make news loans that could result in further losses. Moreover, the loan loss means they have less capital and will have trouble maintaining the 8% capital requirement if they continue to make more loans, thereby expanding their balance sheet. A natural contraction occurs. That is what the FED is trying to partially offset by expanding its balance sheet, so the whole system does not implode. However, in context of the entire money supply, an extra Trillion on the FED’s balance sheet is relative peanuts. 
Fifthly, the real threat to the US’s money supply is trade imbalances. When the US imports more goods and services than it exports, the difference is made up by selling them our debt. Again, all the money created via the fractional monetary system has a debit and a credit… they equal. However, when foreigners end up owning our money because we traded it for goods and services, we do end up with less domestic money than we have debt. And, if that money does not eventually come back to the US in the form of trade surpluses we will not have enough money to pay our domestic debt with. However, the money did not somehow disappear. The debits still equal the credits. The problem is the foreigners have become our creditor and we are the debtors. 
Sixthly, debt based monetary systems are inherently dependent upon the money continuing to circulate. When people become scared and start hording money instead of keeping a healthy amount of it in circulation, there will be a lack of money to service debt. It is not unwise to save money, but when the macro savings rate is high enough to result in a contraction of economic activity, we will have a debt servicing issue. RIPITUP 
GET REAL 
It may be legal tender. But under the US Constitution it IS NOT legal MONEY. So what two things are legal money under the constitution of the USA? steadystevs 
A little at a time, the American public has been decieved into thinking that worthless paper is “money”. What is needed is a return to a Consttutionally based monetary system. End the Federal Reserve,repudiate all debts to the banksters and sieze the assets of the financial oligarchy as reperation for the deception. As for foriegn goverments, send the spineless politicians as payment. Terry Numbnut 
So the US govt owes the Federal Reserve? Who says the US govt has to pay the owners of the Fed reserve? What army do they have? bob kasner 
Every fianical consultanr and economist should be asked if the have read.THE RISE AND FALL OF THE GREAT POWERS AND THE DEVIL FROM JEKAL ISLAND if they haven’t they should not be allowed to comment on the economy or Federal reserve. best 
Funny thing is, 8-9 years ago, things such as “federal reserve system” and “elite international banking cartels” would of been called a conspiracy theory. Economicon 
This whole situation is retarded. Why don’t we just invade China and make it ours and then they can’t own us anymore. With all of their factories and land we can pay off our debt way faster. At all, actually. I can’t believe you haven’t thought of this already. PleaseExpalin 
“We could solve this problem by shutting down the Federal Reserve” 
So why do we not do that? Is there any real practical problem with that, or is it just an ideological issue? Admin 
Just look at how much trouble they are having just trying to get an audit of the Federal Reserve right now…. Glenn Peters 
Tim Jowers 
Yes, I’ve quite aware of what constitutes GDP. You might be surprised to know just how GDP is calculated in your country (I’m not an American BTW). Did you know that if you earn $100 and then spend that $100, your national accounts show GDP to be $200? But I digress. The point of my response is the the basis of the original article is deeply flawed, by virtue of comparing existing debt (which is repaid over time) with only one year’s GDP. The issue is that the internet is overflowing with ‘experts’ who for the most part gain their knowledge from web-sites and unattributed statements from others who are equally ignorant. The statements then get parroted by others and become conventional ‘wisdom’. Just because experts disagree doesn’t mean every Tom, Dick or Harry’s argument is equally valid. Just look at some of the rambling, incoherent, conspiracy-theory laden responses here; Dennen’s reponse being a great case in point. People, get an education, read BOOKS not just damn web-sites and don’t believe every so-called ‘expert’ who trots out a bunch of stuff that seems to sound right. Anon 
The only solution is to go back to the gold standard. We don’t necessarily have to use gold, but there has to be some sort of physical asset that we can use as the cap for how much we can spent. That way if we need to pay back our debts, we can use the gold (or whatever assets the standard is based off) to pay back that debt. Simple, efficient, tolerable. oldtimer 
This article is ridiculous, or has a different definition of “mathematically impossible” than a mathematician does. As one example: 
You see, the truth is that the U.S. government now owes more dollars than actually exist. 
And when the US Gov’t pays a dollar towards reducing its debt, does that dollar get removed from circulation? 
Of course not, it *circulates*. It’s what happens to money in an economy. Bronco 
So, the question that puzzles me is – why China is giving us the money instead giving it to its own people whose living standard is way lower then ours? Danno Alex 
People do not want gold because it is a “shiny object”…and no, you cannot “eat your gold”! 
What gold is is a store of value. While there is some fluctuation in true value due to the occurrence of a depleted vein of ore, the most common reason that the price goes up or down in any given period is due to the strength (or weakness)of the paper currency used to buy it. 
I bought a certain number of gold American Eagles (1 oz. each) when the spot price of gold was under $300/oz – Oh, how I wish I had mortgaged the house and bought MORE! The spot price for 1 oz. American Eagles closed at $1121.50. My return in approximately 10 years would have been around 400%! Top THAT, Wall Street! 
But I didn’t buy it for speculation – I bought it to PRESERVE the money I worked hard for. 
If the economy crashes and your beloved Federal Reserve Note becomes as worthless as a German Deutchmark between the years 1917-1921, you will see the folly of keeping your wealth in paper dollars! 
No, you can’t spend gold at the hardware store or at Wal-Mart but when the dust clears and a new currency replaces the failed one, I have enough gold to buy all the Amero’s or Euro’s or whatever currency I will need. 
When people refer to people who hold this mindset as being “gold bugs”, you can rest assured those people probably make money by peddling paper “investments”. 
So what’ll it be? Value based on a metal that requires labor and investment in order to be extracted out of the ground? (And has been prized as true wealth since before Biblical times?) Or value based on printed paper. Something that a private group of elite bankers manipulate the value of? 
Choose wisely! Kate Jensen 
It is clear that the first step is to stop any additional debt. The boat is almost full of water, stop the increase so a plan can be made to reduce what is already in. As people can not find jobs and have time on their hands bartering will become more common, they will trade work or items for things of survival. Neal 
“The Federal Reserve is a private bank owned and operated for profit by a very powerful group of elite international bankers.” 
Am I missing something here? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_reserve says that the Fed is not owned and is not private and is not for profit, which is what I recollected. 
This destroys the credibility of the article for me. woot 
you have just enough info to be dangerous – try to increase your rational thought. 
one quick point because i’m in a hurry: 
saying it’s “mathematically impossible” is a misnomer. if you have no money for deposit (but a good job) and buy a $30k car with a loan, (as soon as you buy it the car is worth $20k or less), so you have a $30k debt and now only $20k in assests. is that “mathematically impossible” to repay? no. you promise to pay it with your _future earnings_, which is what the entire debt system is based on. 
this completely refutes your point 2: #2) The only way to create more money is to go into even more debt which makes the problem even worse. 
no, the other way is to _work off the debt_. luckily, the government is spending on infrastructure and education so the people will be able to produce enough to pay off that debt. oops, sorry, no, they’re spending on wars. my bad. 
the issue isn’t debt, it’s what you spend the money on! Rampart 
Dear “Bystander”– gold has been money for 5,000 years. It is a reliable store of wealth because it can’t be printed out of thin air. If you think fiat currency is as good as gold, I refer you to recent events in Zimbabwe and Argentina. Good luck holding on to your bits of printed paper… perhaps you can use your FRN’s for building fires like this woman from the Weimar Republic. 
PS – the “demand” for federal reserve notes came as a result of the Breton Woods agreement. At the time that document was penned, our dollars were in fact backed by gold. Since abandoning the gold standard, foreign governments have little reason to hold the FRN in reserve. Mark 
Incorrect. Interest payments are about 4% of GDP. Kick that up to 5% of GDP and the debt would be paid off over time. 
“You see, the truth is that the U.S. government now owes more dollars than actually exist” 
That is the nature of debt: there is always more debt than money, except in very primitive economies. Even on the gold standard that was true. John Sawyer 
The government can still issue money in the form of coins. Maybe we should all pay for things with a lot of loose change! PleaseExpalin 
Glenn Peters , 
No-one has answered my question above. You seem very knowledgeable. Would you like to answer my question please? 
The article says 
“ We could solve this problem by shutting down the Federal Reserve and restoring the power to issue U.S. currency to the U.S. Congress. But the politicians in Washington D.C. are not about to do that. ” 
My question is 
If it does solve this problem, so why do we not do that? Is there any real practical problem with that, or is it just an ideological issue? 3-D 
There is no way to fix it now and no way out. The best solution is to hunker down, let it all burn down around you as social disorder asserts itself, and try to come out alive. If you do, you’ll be a part of rebuilding the country, this time hopefully NOT under control of bankers with specific unchangeable parts of the Constitution that EXPLICITLY FORBID handing the money supply over to private banks of any kind. David Smith 
JFK has already signed an Executive Order for the issue of debt free Treasury Notes and the Notes were printed and ready to go into circulation when he was killed. His Executive Order is still legally in effect but no one has had the courage since then to implement it. Immediately after they killed him, and he was not the 1st President to be killed for this reason, the newly printed Treasury Notes were destroyed. The President we now have like many before him are owned by the owners of the Federal Reserve (House of Rothschild) or their agents (George Soros etc.). If these people finally get kicked out of our country and the chance is slim because the American People will probably never understand or care about the financial system since these very same people control our minds using many methods but mainly through television, they will probably remotely militarily destroy what little remains of our economy, society, and country that they were not able to destroy while here. They will destroy it out of vengeance and desperation because it is their nature to destroy. The U.S.A. is not the only country they control against the will of the majority of it’s people. They hate the U.S. Constitution because it is based on God’s Laws and because we have been a Christian society. Still though, I believe that forgiving them for destroying us physically is the right thing to do. I’m not sure though if I will be able to follow through on my belief if some day I find my back up against a wall. It seems like that day is quickly approaching for most of us. Why do all of the JFK documentaries present every possibility of who did it to confuse but none ever mention this one fact? Brophanity 
@web ether-net ideas 
your ideations of a barter system are ok, but it really doesnt make sense to “trade” anything. If you just gave people what they needed from what you were producing, and they just gave to you as needed from what they produced, things would be a lot easier. If you understand there is no real need for money, then it shouldnt be a big stretch to see that people would be happier if they only took what was necessary, and then only more than that as long as it didnt deprive others Glenn Peters 
PleaseExpalin asked: 
Does shutting down down the Federal Reserve and restoring the power to issue U.S. currency to the U.S. Congress solve this problem, if so why do we not do that? Is there any real practical problem with that, or is it just an ideological issue?",0
14294,Obama Administration Considers Arming Syrian Kurds Against ISIS - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Obama administration is weighing a military plan to directly arm Syrian Kurdish fighters combating the Islamic State, a major policy shift that could speed up the offensive against the terrorist group but also sharply escalate tensions between Turkey and the United States. The plan has been under discussion by the National Security Council staff at a moment when President Obama has directed aides to examine all proposals that could accelerate the fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Mr. Obama has told aides that he wants an offensive well underway before he leaves office that is aimed at routing the Islamic State from Raqqa, the group’s de facto capital in northern Syria. Deciding whether to arm the Syrian Kurds is a difficult decision for Mr. Obama, who is caught in the middle trying to balance the territorial and political ambitions of Turkey and the Syrian Kurds, two warring American allies that Washington needs to combat the Islamic insurgency. Directly providing weapons for the first time to the Syrian Kurds, whom American commanders view as their most effective ground partner against the Islamic State, would help build momentum for the assault on Raqqa. But arming them would also aggravate Mr. Obama’s already tense relations with Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The United States and Turkey sharply disagree over Syria’s Kurdish militias, which Turkey sees as its main enemy in Syria. The plan has filtered up through the Pentagon’s Central Command, which oversees American military operations in the Middle East. It calls for providing the Syrian Kurds with small arms and ammunition, and some other supplies, for specific missions, but no heavy weapons such as antitank or antiaircraft weapons. American officials note that the proposal has not yet been presented at the administration’s highest levels for decision. White House officials declined to comment on it. The review of the military plan comes as American commanders fear that their timetable to take Raqqa was set back after Turkey recently plunged into Syria with ground forces for the first time. The Turkish offensive cut off a crucial Islamic State supply route but also rolled back the territorial gains of Kurdish militias, who despite help on the ground from American Special Operations advisers have criticized the United States for allying with Turkey. American commanders view the plan to arm the Syrian Kurds, whose population straddles the border with Turkey, as an incentive to keep them on board for the fight against the Islamic State. Asked if the recent volatile military and political situation around the   border had slowed the pace for taking Raqqa, Gen. Joseph L. Votel, the head of Central Command, said last week that it might have. “We don’t necessarily control the timeline ourselves,” General Votel told a security conference here sponsored by the Institute for the Study of War. Associates of General Votel say he has expressed much greater concern in private over maintaining momentum in the fight against the Islamic State, especially if the Syrian Kurds and Turkey continue to clash with each other. General Votel said last week, “We have to play a leadership role on both sides”  —   Turks and Kurds  —   “and keep focus on the mission to defeat ISIS. ” In the past two years the Pentagon has provided small arms, ammunition and other supplies to a group acceptable to Turkey  —   the Syrian Arabs, a minority in the   umbrella group that is fighting the Islamic State. About 350 resupply deliveries have been made by air or by land to the Syrian Arab militias, according to the American military command in Iraq. But out of deference to Turkey, the United States has not directly armed the Kurdish fighters themselves. Many analysts say the Pentagon’s support to the Syrian Arabs is basically cover for aid to the Syrian Kurds, who call the shots in the wider alliance, coordinate airstrikes with the United States, and are considered the most capable fighters. But arming the Kurds directly, even for just specific missions, would still be a significant shift practically and symbolically. “If this happened, the fig leaf would disappear and it would be a very serious, contentious issue between the two countries,” said Soner Cagaptay, a specialist on Turkey at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Five senior American officials who have been briefed on the proposal discussed it on the condition that they not be identified because the plan is still under review. They all said that any direct aid to the Kurds would be one piece of a larger strategy to defeat the Islamic State in Syria. One practical goal of the plan is to equip the Syrian Kurds after their spearheading of several fiercely fought battles against the Islamic State in the past several months, starting near Syria’s border with Iraq to, most recently, the strategically important city of Manbij, where the terrorist group had established processing centers for hundreds of newly arrived recruits. The city was also a final   for more seasoned fighters heading back to Europe through Turkey. The Kurds have also recently lost one regular source of arms  —   the Syrian government  —   as a result of the political rapprochement between Turkey and Russia, and clashes between Kurds and Syrian Army troops. Politically, the aid would also seek to assuage the hard feelings the Syrian Kurds have felt toward their American allies since the Turkish offensive into Syria, American officials said. Just last week, American Special Operations forces arrived in northern Syria to work alongside Turkish troops combating the Islamic State, the Pentagon said Friday, emphasizing that the approximately three dozen Americans would serve in an “advise and assist” capacity. Turkish news outlets reported this month that Mr. Erdogan had suggested that his country was prepared to conduct a joint operation with the United States to defeat the Islamic State in Raqqa. American officials, however, have played down that discussion, and have said the United States is still trying to figure how to assemble enough ground forces to take back Raqqa. Across the border in Iraq, security forces will be ready to push into Mosul in October, the top American general said Monday. Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters traveling with him aboard a United States military aircraft that the final decision on when to retake Mosul rests with Prime Minister Haider   of Iraq, according to Reuters. The general added that “our job is to actually help the Iraqis generate the forces and the support necessary for operations in Mosul, and we’ll be ready for that in October. ”",0
14295,America’s small town in Canada,"Published on May 1, 2016 by CBS Sunday Morning There is a place in Minnesota that has the feel of small town America, but if you want to get to the Northwest Angle, travelers have to leave the U.S. and go through Canada to get there. Lee Cowan explains a geographical quirk along the northern border. Share this:",0
14296,Look Who’s Smiley Now: MoMA Acquires Original Emoji - The New York Times,"Your phone has just become home to a tiny little collection of modern art. On Wednesday, the Museum of Modern Art announced that it had acquired the original set of 176 emoji for its permanent collection. These glyphs, designed for pagers made by the Japanese mobile provider NTT DoCoMo and released in 1999, were the first pictographs to make their way into mobile communication. It would take another decade for emoji to explode into an American phenomenon, when Apple integrated its first emoji set for the iPhone in 2011. There are now nearly 2, 000 standardized emoji. The emoji we recognize now as the slick, round yellow smiley face was just a rudimentary line drawing back then, with a little rectangular box for a mouth and two carets for eyes. Looking back at old emoji feels a bit like trying to read pictographs from an ancient civilization. But look close enough, and you’ll find tantalizing hints about the assumptions embedded in modern online communication. The original emoji, designed by Shigetaka Kurita, are each made within a grid that is just 12 pixels wide and 12 pixels long. First rendered in black and white, within a few years each emoji was painted one of six colors  —   black, red, orange, lilac, grass green and royal blue. Many of these symbols are illegible, their mysteries only revealed with the help of a translator. The red circle with three lines stands for “hot spring” the amorphous purple blob, perhaps fittingly, translates to “art. ” Others are stultifying in their literalness  —   simple digital translations of existing symbols. There are the 12 astrological signs, the four playing card suits, a “no smoking” symbol, a bathroom sign. But there are glimmers, too, of the whimsical, figurative, emotive glyphs that have come to dominate online culture. There are lots of hearts, a closed fist, a cat and a dog. One of the most compelling modern emoji  —   a pair of googly eyes that’s used to convey a range of meanings, from   shock to conspiratorial speculation  —   has its roots here. And some of the simplest symbols have taken on a whole new life in a modern context: The original emoji meant to evoke a smoking sign has been retooled into a colorful, realistic rendering that resembles a real cigarette smoldering between a person’s fingers. Some early emoji take cues from manga, the Japanese graphic novel genre  —   a   light bulb signifying an “aha” moment and a bomb with a lit fuse. But the dominant inspiration on display is corporate synergy. Many of these emoji were created not for people eager to connect but for companies hoping to reach potential customers. DoCoMo used emoji to deliver weather reports to pager users (hence the sun, lightning bolt, umbrella and snowman emoji) and direct them to local businesses the hamburger symbolized a   joint, the martini stood for a bar, and the high heel indicated a clothing shop. DoCoMo also partnered on its first emoji set with the Japanese ticket seller Pia and the restaurant review company Zagat, and these old corporate deals remain baked into the DNA of internet culture. Modern smartphone keyboards still offer an emoji for the word “soon” under a right arrow, an old Pia symbol for a show that’s about to begin. MoMA’s acquisition adds the emoji set to a growing collection of digital objects, including the @ symbol and a selection of video games. When MoMA acquired the @ symbol in 2010, Paola Antonelli, the senior curator in the department of architecture and design, called it perhaps “the only truly free” object in MoMA’s collection. The addition of the @ sign “relies on the assumption that physical possession of an object as a requirement for an acquisition is no longer necessary” to the museum, she wrote. It has freed curators to “collect” objects too large to fit within the building (like, say, satellites) and works too ephemeral to hang like a painting (like emoji). This emoji set was acquired through a licensing agreement with DoCoMo that lets the museum display the images in a range of forms. Starting in December, MoMA will show the emoji in the museum lobby, in a display that incorporates both   graphics and animations. Ms. Antonelli said that MoMA hopes to obtain more emoji eventually. “In a sense, what we’ve really acquired is a new communication platform,” she said. “But at the same time, the emoji themselves are ideographs, one of the most ancient ways to communicate. I love how the centuries are connected in that way. ” Emoji evoke art forms both ancient and modern, from hieroglyphics to manga. Their novelty is in how they’re deployed. As emoji are traded and spread and remixed by users, they become the medium for an   collaborative art project. Emoji may have started at DoCoMo and risen to the MoMA, but they belong to everyone and to no one.",0
14297,And the Rio Crowd Goes Crazy! For Whatever! - The New York Times,"RIO DE JANEIRO  —   The same shouts can be heard throughout the Summer Olympics, from table tennis and fencing to swimming and beach volleyball events: Silêncio! Shh! While every sport has its own custom for when it is appropriate to cheer and when quiet is expected, none of that applies here. The Rio Games have only just begun, but already the exuberance of local fans has collided with athletes’ and officials’ pleas for silence. “We are not used to this in table tennis,” said Galia Dvorak of Spain, who acknowledged that she had been shocked and unnerved by jeers from Brazilian fans during her match. She added, “It was just weird. ” At the Olympic Aquatics Stadium, an official twice requested silence from the crowd before a   butterfly race that featured the Brazilians Daiene Dias and Daynara de Paula. Fans contained themselves just long enough for the races to start before resuming their screaming. At the beach volleyball court, fans whistled and jeered when a Canadian team served. The   announcer asked them to cheer for everyone. During a men’s fencing event, raucous Brazilian fans tossed aside the sport’s typically convoluted rules of decorum  —   cheering is all right, but only at certain moments  —   as they shook the stands with continuous spasms of celebration and booed anyone who notched a point against one of their own. “It’s an incredible feeling when you enter this arena,” the Brazilian fencer Ghislain Perrier said after losing his bout. “You feel all the power of the Brazilian people. ” The fans’ presence has been most striking, though, at the table tennis arena. Outside a select few countries, the sport struggles to draw fans and generate excitement. Players in the sport value silence, which allows them to hear the way the ball bounces off an opponent’s paddle and to react more smoothly to a shot. The tenor of the match on Sunday night between Hugo Calderano of Brazil and Tang Peng of Hong Kong revealed itself before a single point was played. Calderano, 20, entered the arena like a gladiator, hearing his name bellowed in unison from the stands, and when Tang, 35, hit a   shot into the net, the crowd let out an overjoyed roar of approval. On it went through the match, just like this: every time Calderano scored, an elated scream each time Tang erred, yelps of joy. In the realm of table tennis  —   a subtle sport often likened to chess  —   these were vividly unusual scenes. But such displays had been going on at the Olympic table tennis pavilion all weekend. “It’s usually a more serious sport,” Anderson Monteiro, 40, a casual table tennis fan from Rio de Janeiro, said as he watched Calderano play. “I think it’s fantastic. It’s wonderful. It’s typically Brazilian. ” Alexandre Araújo, a press officer for the Brazilian table tennis squad, tapped his chest as he explained that the fans had “come with a football heart. ” On Sunday, fans hissed when Tang prepared to serve, forcing him on one occasion to step away from the table. That made the fans boo louder. They stopped only to sing to Calderano, “Vou te apoiar, Hugo!” (“I will support you, Hugo! ”) On Saturday afternoon, while Caroline Kumahara of São Paulo was on her way to losing her   match to an opponent from Luxembourg, the Brazilian fans kept their spirits up, doing the wave, rattling noisemakers and serenading her with encouragement, like “eu sou brasileiro, com muito orgulho, com muito amor!” (“I am Brazilian, with much pride, with much love! ”) “Brazilians are like this,” Kumahara said afterward. “They are always happy, always making fun of everything. This is normal for them. ” It has been highly abnormal for the players, though. On Saturday morning, Gui Lin, the other woman representing Brazil in singles, stepped away from the table at one point to motion to the stands to quiet her vocal fans  —   a rather extraordinary move in the wider context of sports. Gui, who said she appreciated the cheers, nevertheless seemed uneasy afterward as she described table tennis as a sport “where you have to be quiet” and the noise as a sign of disrespect. “They have to focus,” Gui said of her opponents, “and there are three other tables playing, and I thought it wasn’t right to disturb the others because of me. ” Gui’s opponent, Dvorak, blamed the crowd’s jeers for her   loss in the first game. “Like in other countries, like in China, they cheer a lot, but never against the opponent,” Dvorak said. “They cheer for their players, but never making this ‘ooh’ against you. ” Noting the atypical atmosphere at his own match Saturday afternoon, Gustavo Tsuboi of São Paulo guessed that, for all their enthusiasm, most of the Brazilian fans on hand were not familiar with the customs of the sport. “It’s unusual how they react,” said Tsuboi, who said he loved the additional energy. “We are used to having events only with people who already know our sport. ” Not all   were peeved. Tommy Danielsson, the Luxembourg coach, said: “I find it very nice when the audience gets involved. We need this. People can see that this is not just a hobby game you play in a garage at home. ” The atmosphere Sunday supported that assertion. The crowd grew more engrossed, and more animated, as the match entered its late stages and it seemed that Calderano, the   player in the world, might produce a    victory over Tang, ranked 15th. Gui had slipped into the stands before the final game, taking a seat in the second row. As she watched the final points  —   Tang banging away to stay alive, Calderano parrying his efforts  —   she rubbed her palms nervously in front of her mouth. When Calderano secured the winning point, sending the crowd into a prolonged roar, Gui jumped out of her seat and pumped her fists in the air. The fans whooped and applauded and pounded their feet, and she clapped along with them, perfectly in rhythm.",0
14298,Kraft Heinz Withdraws $143 Billion Offer to Merge With Unilever - The New York Times,"On Friday, Kraft Heinz seemed determined to press ahead with a $143 billion takeover bid for Unilever, an ambitious campaign that would have put dozens of the   names in consumer households around the world under one roof. But less than 48 hours later, Kraft Heinz’s board  —   including Warren E. Buffett and the   billionaire Jorge Paulo Lemann  —   decided to walk away. The alternative would have been to pursue a public and possibly costly fight against Unilever, a bulwark of British and Dutch business. Instead, the two consumer goods giants said on Sunday that Kraft Heinz had withdrawn its takeover bid after an agreement on friendly terms. As a joint statement from the companies put it, “Kraft Heinz has the utmost respect for the culture, strategy and leadership of Unilever. ” The announcement swiftly ended what had been poised to become the biggest instance of consolidation within the food and consumer goods industry, at a time when giants in the fields have been looking to combine to command more space on grocery shelves. A combination of Kraft Heinz, itself the product of a   and Unilever would have sold everything from Heinz ketchup and Oscar Mayer hot dogs to Hellmann’s mayonnaise, Dove soap and Lipton tea. Kraft Heinz surprised the world when it disclosed on Friday, at the behest of the British merger regulator, that it had made a bid for Unilever. The disclosure came after a report in The Financial Times’s Alphaville blog said the two companies had held talks. Unilever quickly responded by saying that the $143 billion offer, a roughly 18 percent premium on the company’s closing stock price on Thursday, was too low and that it saw no reason to engage in talks. Kraft Heinz had approached Unilever only a few weeks before and had hoped to court its target in private, according to people with knowledge of the talks. Much of the food world had prepared for a potentially aggressive campaign by Kraft Heinz, whose backers at the Brazilian investment firm 3G Capital have long been known as swashbuckling deal makers eager to build up titans in the food and beverage industries. Along with Mr. Buffett, 3G had engineered a takeover of Heinz in 2013 and then Heinz’s merger with Kraft two years later, each in a   deal. By late last year, analysts and investors were speculating that Kraft Heinz was on the hunt for yet another major acquisition, although talk at the time centered on companies like Mondelez International, the former candy business of Kraft. Unilever, with its mix of food and household goods, had not been on many analysts’ radar screens, although they said its international profile and its strength in emerging markets would have complemented Kraft Heinz’s heavy focus on the United States. Shares of Kraft Heinz jumped more than 10 percent on Friday while those of Unilever rose 15 percent, suggesting that investors in both were eager for a union. While many on Wall Street had assumed that Kraft Heinz and 3G were prepared to fight for Unilever, Kraft Heinz and its backers had little desire to wage such a battle. That stands in contrast with how InBev, the   beer company, pursued Anheuser Busch in 2008: InBev was prepared to oust Anheuser’s board before agreeing to raise its offer and reach a friendly deal. Discussions among senior executives at Kraft Heinz and Unilever, as well as their advisers, underscored that Unilever was unwilling to proceed at any price. Moreover, the British government had expressed concern about the potential acquisition, citing the treatment of another British icon, Cadbury, after its takeover by Kraft in 2010, including accusations that Kraft reneged on promises to maintain hundreds of British jobs after the deal closed. The chairman of Parliament’s business committee, Iain Wright, said on Friday that “a lot of very good British companies will be subject to fire sales without taking into account their performance and quality. ” One concern was 3G’s traditional playbook of extreme   down to replacing workers’ personal printers with communal ones and selling off extravagances like corporate jets. Unilever has been known for years for its commitment to environmental sustainability, although its chief executive, Paul Polman, has recently pushed for more   initiatives as well. While Kraft Heinz had been prepared to make a number of concessions  —   including raising its offer and keeping Unilever’s headquarters in London and Rotterdam  —   the appetite among Mr. Buffett, Mr. Lemann and other directors for waging a fight waned, leading to the decision on Sunday morning to withdraw. That move came well ahead of a deadline set by the British takeover panel Kraft Heinz had to make a firm offer by March 17. “Kraft Heinz’s interest was made public at an extremely early stage,” Michael Mullen, a spokesman for Kraft Heinz, said in a statement. “Our intention was to proceed on a friendly basis, but it was made clear Unilever did not wish to pursue a transaction. ” Kraft Heinz has been advised by Lazard and the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton  Garrison Unilever received advice from the banks Centerview Partners, Morgan Stanley, UBS and Deutsche Bank.",0
14299,"Of Horse v. Duck, Mutton Busting and Other Confirmation Diversions - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   In the seventh hour of questioning this week  —   after a practiced bit from “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy” but before the meditation on   horses  —   the Supreme Court confirmation hearing of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch veered, somehow, to the matter of mutton busting. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, wanted to hear about the Denver rodeo. And Judge Gorsuch, elusive all week as Democrats have strained to pinpoint his judicial leanings, turned instantly expansive. “Mutton busting, as you know, comes sort of like bronco busting for adults,” he began on Tuesday. “You take a poor little kid, you find a sheep and you attach the one to the other and see how long they can hold on. ” He went on. “  …    You know, it usually works fine when the sheep has got a lot of wool and you tell them to hold on  —   I tell my kids hold on   you know? Really get in there, right? Get around it  …    ” The Democrats stared blankly. “  …    Because if you sit upright, you go flying right off, right? So, you want to get in. But the problem when you get in is that you’re so locked in that you don’t want to let go, right? And so, then the poor clown has to come and knock you off the sheep. ” Judge Gorsuch smiled. “We can talk mutton busting all day,” he said. They may as well have. As Judge Gorsuch glided through the third day of his hearings on Wednesday, suffering few slips and answering no question he did not wish to, Senate Republicans were eager to assist. There is a rich tradition of Republicans and Democrats making life easier on their preferred nominees, tossing congressional pool noodles to a judge who might flounder, at least somewhat, under questioning from the other party. But this year, Republicans have elevated the practice to high art  —   supplying extra cushioning for a nominee who does not appear to need it and adding a measure of   levity to a process that virtually all inside the Capitol agree will end with a confirmation. On matters fraught and frivolous, Senate allies have coaxed Judge Gorsuch to the safest of verbal    eager to defuse Democratic lines of attack with whimsy and digressions. “Do you think your writings reflect a   attitude against   regulations?” Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah asked on Wednesday. “No, Senator,” the judge said. “I don’t either. ” In other moments, they have urged Judge Gorsuch to remind the public that no one, even the president, is above the law, or to make clear that his rulings in workers’ rights cases  —   an area of concern for Democrats  —   were rendered only in service of the law. More memorable were the flourishes that strayed far from judicial doctrine: “Would you tell me where your favorite fishing stream is?” “Is it true that you have been endorsed by John Elway?” “Jury duty. Have you ever been called up?” That question, from Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, earned an audible laugh from Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota. “No, I just thought it was very odd questions for this, but it’s great,” Mr. Franken said, as eyes turned his way. “I’m sorry I laughed. I just  —   it caught me. ” Moments later, after Judge Gorsuch’s answer (he has served) Mr. Franken chimed in again. “That was a great question,” he said flatly. “Thanks, Al,” Mr. Flake said. “Appreciate it. ” Yet it was Mr. Flake’s earlier curiosity  —   sparked by his teenage son, he said, and a   internet meme  —   that attracted more attention: Would Judge Gorsuch rather fight “100   horses or one   duck?” Judge Gorsuch took no position on Horse v. Duck, demonstrating his unflinching commitment to avoiding declarative statements about matters that could one day come before the court. But he did not hesitate during another exchange, with Mr. Cruz, who seemed to revel in inside jokes and winking asides during his allotted 30 minutes of questioning. “What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?” Mr. Cruz asked at the top of his allotted time. “” Judge Gorsuch said. (The pair explained at some length that this was a reference from “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. ”) Mr. Cruz later asked about the jump shot of Justice Byron R. White, Judge Gorsuch’s legal mentor, a former football star who was also known to swing elbows on the basketball court. Then there was the rodeo. “As a Texan,” Mr. Cruz said, gazing admiringly at Judge Gorsuch for much of his testimony, “I think everyone’s life can be rendered richer by going to the rodeo. ” Mr. Franken, the next lawmaker up after the nominee’s explanation of mutton busting, wondered aloud about animal abuse laws in Colorado. But most Democrats seemed to accept their colleagues’ gambit during the proceedings, at least grudgingly. Beginning his second round of questioning on Wednesday, Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, summarized what the Judiciary Committee had learned from Republicans’ questions so far: “We know your love of   and rodeos and family. ” “I know that senatorial assignment,” he added. “I’ve been there myself. ”",0
14300,Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook Must Defend the Truth - The New York Times,"Friday night, the Facebook   Mark Zuckerberg went on his vast social network to convince an expanding chorus of critics  —   including the departing president of the United States  —   that he    wants to combat the “fake news” that is running wild across his site and others, and turning our politics into a paranoiac fantasy come to life. “We’ve been working on this problem for a long time and we take this responsibility seriously,” he wrote. “We’ve made significant progress, but there is more work to be done,” he continued, listing various steps Facebook was taking, like making it easier to report bad information and enlisting   organizations. It was heartening to hear, especially after his earlier assertion that it was “crazy” to believe that misinformation on Facebook had affected the presidential election in any real way  —   despite copious evidence that it was disturbingly in the mix, whether it directly swung the result or not. But as Mr. Zuckerberg went on to say that Facebook had to be careful not to mistakenly block “accurate content,” he added this: “We do not want to be arbiters of truth ourselves,” which was why he said Facebook would continue to rely on “our community and trusted third parties. ” His statement pointed up how much Facebook struggles to find the balance between its mission to be a   utopia for its 1. 8 billion users and its responsibility to protect them from all that is defamatory, dangerous (like terrorist propaganda) and untrue. But more to the point, it appeared to buy into the notion that truth is relative at a time when that notion has to finally go away. Do you really need an outside arbiter to determine whether a video suggesting  —   without basis  —   that Hillary Clinton was involved in John F. Kennedy Jr. ’s fatal plane crash in 1999 should be allowed to stand? Really? Truth doesn’t need arbiters. It needs defenders. And it needs them now more than ever as the American democracy staggers into its next uncertain phase. With a mainstream news media that works hard to separate fact from fiction under economic and political threat, Facebook  —   which has contributed to that economic threat by gobbling up so much of the online advertising market  —   is going to have a special responsibility to do its part. Just imagine what things will look like if the unsavory elements that tore through the 2016 election  —   false narratives, fake news and aggressive efforts to delegitimize traditional journalism  —   come back into play as Donald J. Trump presses to enact his agenda. If the past week provided any indication of where politics are going, the next four years are going to require an     effort to keep the national conversation honest. The national security adviser Mr. Trump named last week, Michael T. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, has subscribed to the conspiracy theory that Shariah law is taking root in the United States (it isn’t) contributing to his insistence that Americans have every reason to view Islam as “a threat. ” He recently used Twitter to circulate a fake news item that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was sitting on evidence from Anthony Weiner’s laptop that would “put Hillary and her crew away for life. ” Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, has falsely claimed that hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants are successfully crossing the border annually. Then there was the announcement by the conspiracy theorist Alex Jones that Mr. Trump had called to thank him and his radio and internet audience for their support in the campaign. Add to that the fact that Mr. Trump was the most prominent promoter of the false notion that President Obama wasn’t born here, and didn’t hesitate to repeat the outrageous suggestion that the father of Senator Ted Cruz was linked to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Then consider what it may look like when Mr. Trump pursues policies regarding Muslim immigrants and undocumented immigrants. It’s not so outlandish to envision Mr. Trump’s attempts to sell his plans getting a lift from the likes of Mr. Jones or a fake site out of Macedonia  —   perhaps claiming that Democrats are working with ISIS to use undocumented immigrants to poison local water supplies or some such. President Obama seemed to have had something like that in mind when he told reporters in Germany on Thursday, “If we are not serious about facts and what’s true and what’s not,” and “if we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems. ” Mr. Obama knows of what he speaks. He had to muddle through the first wave of this. You might remember how his health care plan was marred by a false accusation that the plan included   death panels that would decide who lived and who died based on their “level of productivity to society,” as former Gov. Sarah Palin put it (on her Facebook page! ). The false “death panel” allegation was partly based on proposals to reimburse doctors for optional consultations with families over    care decisions. The accusations took on such power that even Newt Gingrich signed on to the falsehood despite the fact that he had previously expressed bullish support for    planning. (He explained himself in a 2009 letter to The New York Times.) News organizations, including this one, debunked the myth. But the bill’s authors stripped out the provision just the same. And by then the “death panel” fiction had negated any shot at a reasoned, ideological debate  —   you’re joining the Democrats’ plan to kill our infirm children and parents?!  As Dan Pfeiffer, who was the president’s chief communications strategist at the time, so grimly put it to me last week, “The faux death panels were the canary in the coal mine about the coming death of truth. ” Things have advanced since then. Today’s fake news is limited only by the imaginations of its inventors and the number of shares it can garner on Facebook or Twitter. (To wit: The one million shares of the preposterous notion that Mrs. Clinton secretly sold weapons to ISIS. BuzzFeed News  —   which has excelled at illuminating the fake news problem  —   highlighted that example in its alarming analysis  showing that during the campaign cycle fake news was shared among Facebook users more often than real news was.) That’s why people who care about the truth  —   citizens, journalists and, let’s hope, social media giants like Facebook, too  —   will have to come up with a solution to this informational nihilism, fast. It’s easier said than done. The combination of attacks seeking to delegitimize serious news organizations and a drop in overall trust in the news media has made many people wary of legitimate  . And, as my colleague John Herrman noted last weekend, politicized voices can easily drown honest journalism all too easily on social media. There is growing talk of an ambitious journalistic collaboration to beat back the tide. Industry thinkers and leaders are coming together online to brainstorm solutions, as Jeff Jarvis, the City University of New York journalism professor, and Eli Pariser, the Upworthy   have done. (Check them out online.) And I’d say it’s high time that television news  —   with its   audiences  —   gets into the act with more than just token gestures at  . But this much seems clear: The moment calls for some sort of hyperfactual counterinsurgency that treats every false meme as a baby Hitler to be killed in its crib with irrefutable facts. So hey, Zuck, let’s roll.",0
14301,46 Percent of Bay Area’s Millennial Residents Want to Leave - Breitbart,"Traffic congestion and skyrocketing housing prices have caused approximately 46 percent of the Bay Area’s millennial residents to start looking at potentially exiting the increasingly unlivable region. [The findings were part of a new poll released by the Bay Area Council on Thursday which also showed that 40 percent of Bay Area residents say they want to move away from the area over the next few years. That figure is up by 12 percent from last year’s report from the Bay Area Council which found that 34 percent of residents wanted to exit.  “It turns out that we were wrong about millennial preferences, the stories were wrong that millennials wanted to live in a   environment and that it would be OK to raise families in a condo,” Micah Weinberg, president of the Bay Area Council’s Economic Institute, said, according to the East Bay Times. “Millennials are putting off family formation, but when they have a family, they want what their parents had: a house on a nice lot pretty close to work. ” The council reportedly polled 1, 000 residents across nine Bay Area counties in late January for its annual survey including Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa Clara, San Mateo, San Francisco, Marin, Sonoma, Napa and Solano Counties. Asked which direction those polled believe the Bay Area is going, the Council found that 42 percent believed it was going down the “wrong track,” an increase of 15 percent since 2014.  The council also found that most of the people polled, 26 percent, have household incomes greater than $150, 000 annually. Breitbart News previously reported that the housing affordability crisis in the Bay Area has caused many small businesses to lose their employees as workers have been forced to leave the region for more affordable neighborhoods.  Last year, in neighboring Palo Alto, a tiny    shack was listed for sale at $1. 98 million. Around the same time, a    rotting, wooden earthquake shack located close to San Francisco’s Mission district sold for $408, 000. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.",0
14302,Netanyahu Slams NYT for Presenting Arch-Terrorist Marwan Barghouti as ‘Parliamentarian’,"The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday slammed The New York Times for publishing an opinion piece written by jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti without noting he is serving multiple life terms for the murder of Israelis. [The prime minister said that referring to Barghouti solely as a politician, as The New York Times did, would be akin to calling Syrian President Bashar Assad “a pediatrician. ”  “I read, on Sunday, the article in the New York Times that presents   Marwan Barghouti as a ‘parliamentarian and leader,’” said Netanyahu on a visit to the southern city of Dimona. “Calling Barghouti a leader and parliamentarian is like calling [Syrian President Bashar] Assad a pediatrician. ” Netanyahu was corrected by a member of his audience who pointed out that Assad actually trained as an ophthalmologist. The    civil war in Syria has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives and displaced millions. Read more here.  ",0
14303,"In Bahrain, Arabs and Jews Gather (and Dance) at a Hanukkah Celebration - The New York Times","Orthodox Jews in black coats and skullcaps danced with Arabs in flowing robes and checkered kaffiyehs at a Hanukkah celebration over the weekend in Bahrain, a   monarchy whose king has sanctioned celebrations of the Jewish holiday. Video of the celebration, which included a Jewish delegation giving a large silver menorah to Arab dignitaries and members of both groups dancing together, appeared on Monday on YouTube, where many commenters lauded the multicultural celebration. The event drew the ire of Hamas, the Palestinian militant group that controls the Gaza Strip, which called the celebration a “humiliating and disgraceful display” in a statement. “The positive energy that there was tonight needs to be spread around,” an unidentified Jewish man tells the group in   English before handing over the menorah, which he called symbolic. “The symbol is that hopefully through this night we can bring infinite light to the world. ” The Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported that Bahraini officials hosted the Hanukkah   ceremony on Saturday, the first night of the   holiday, and that it was attended by members of the country’s small Jewish population, foreign businessmen and “other local Bahrainis. ” The identities of the members of either delegation could not immediately be determined, but American Orthodox Jews suggested online that the Jewish group might have been backed by Eliezer Scheiner, a businessman and philanthropist from Brooklyn. Calls to Mr. Scheiner were not answered. In 2015, King Hamad bin Isa   of Bahrain invited European Jewish leaders to conduct a Hanukkah   ceremony in the capital, Manama, the first such ritual performed in the country since 1948, according to the Conference of European Rabbis. “Here in Bahrain members of all the religions live with no fear, and we will continue to allow Jews to live peacefully and quietly, maintaining their lifestyle, their customs and the commandments of their religion without any fear,” the king said at the time. There are fewer than 50 Jews living in Bahrain, but the king has embraced them, adding Jews to his Shura Council, which advises him, and appointing a Jewish woman, Houda Ezra Ebrahim Nonoo, as ambassador to the United States in 2008. She is the first Jewish ambassador posted abroad by any Arab country. In a statement, Hamas criticized the celebration in light of a recently passed United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel’s construction of settlements in disputed territory. “In light of the increasing pace of international sympathy for the Palestinian cause and support for the rights of the Palestinian people, and the growing international boycott of the Zionist entity movements in all forms, that a group of dignitaries and traders in the State of Bahrain hosted a Jewish, Zionist, racist, extremist delegation and danced with them is a humiliating and disgraceful display,” the group said in a statement posted on Twitter.",0
14304,"Hillary Clinton Attempted To Hack WikiLeaks And Delete Everything, Assange","Email 
Julian Assange claims that Hillary Clinton’s campaign used hackers to attack WikiLeaks’ servers. WikiLeaks’ editor-in-chief says that despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down its internet to stop accusations of interference in U.S. elections, his organisation will keep on publishing until the elections are over. 
Via YourNewsWire SPONSORED LINKS 
“Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. Scroll Down For Video Below! 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton’s campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. Assange claimed the release “whipped up a crazed hornet’s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
“They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Ecuador’s decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a “strategic position” so that its “policy of non-intervention can’t be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. MORE: #WikiLeaks has activated contingency plans after #Assange 's internet link was intentionally cut off https://t.co/octsMseme1 
— RT (@RT_com) October 17, 2016 
Assange, who claimed the embassy will be without internet until the election is over to avoid accusations of interference, said he did not agree with Ecuador’s decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, “this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.” 
He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being “controlled by Clinton supporters.“ We were fastest on #Podestaemails6 , faster than @wikileaks , and the US conspiracy machine can’t handle it https://t.co/njAae50qDd 
— RT (@RT_com) October 13, 2016 
The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. “I don’t think there’s any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,” he said. 
Assange said journalists and people who work in the media are predominantly middle class and view Trump as representing “what in their mind is white trash.”",0
14305,"The Economic Expansion Is Helping the Middle Class, Finally - The New York Times","For years, the standard knock on this economic expansion has been twofold: Growth has been slow, and big businesses and wealthy investors have been its major beneficiaries, rather than   wage earners. And it has been a fair criticism. At least until recently. The growth rate is still disappointingly slow, but that second part no longer appears to be true. After all these years, the fruits of the recovery are now being delivered more broadly. While all the attention is focused on new census data confirming the change, it is actually a broad range of evidence that makes the case compelling. The most decisive evidence of improving fortunes is found in new census data released Tuesday showing that median household income rose a whopping 5. 2 percent in 2015, to around $56, 500. According to that data, incomes rose for black families, white families, Hispanic families and   families. It rose for young people and in households headed by   adults and older people. In short, the improvement was across the board to a remarkable degree. Those new census numbers don’t come as a complete shock. And there’s little reason to think they’re a statistical aberration. Rather, they are broadly consistent with a body of evidence that shows   incomes for the mass of Americans have finally started to rise in a meaningful way. One dirty secret of economic analysis is that there is no perfect way to measure the financial   of 320 million Americans. Every measurement of income is flawed in its own way. So the best we can do is look at how people are doing from a range of measures, understand the differences among them and what they show. For example, the median household income numbers released Tuesday aren’t adjusted for changes in the size of a typical household. Two individuals making $50, 000 and living separately form two   households if they move in together, they form a single   household. Shifts in how many people marry, divorce or cohabitate can shift the apparent median household income without changing the underlying economic   of the middle class. You could look at income measures per person rather than per household, such as   disposable personal income data compiled by the Commerce Department. But because that is an average, it can mask shifts in distribution. If a billionaire like Bill Gates walks into a bar, the average wealth of the people therein will be astronomical, but it doesn’t mean the typical patron can now afford to switch from drinking Miller Lite to Dom Pérignon Champagne. Flaws acknowledged, that measure has showed consistent annual real     income growth since the start of 2014, and that number is up 10. 3 percent since the expansion began in  . Or maybe you want to focus more on the status of wages, rather than broader measures of income. After all, it is people’s earnings from a job, rather than from a pension or investments, that reflect underlying economic conditions. One way of looking at that is the Labor Department’s data on average hourly earnings for nonsupervisory employees, a longstanding data series on what working stiffs take home in wages. It has also been rising, at around a 2. 5 percent rate before factoring in for inflation, which has been low enough to make that extra 2. 5 percent in hourly pay add up to a gain in purchasing power. Part of the story behind the good median income numbers for 2015 is that oil prices fell sharply that year, pulling down inflation and helping the   income gain look higher. Or maybe you want to adjust shifts in income for things like the value of tax credits and social welfare benefits, and the value of health care and other benefits received. The Congressional Budget Office does that math  —   but with such long time lags that the 2013 numbers were published only recently. So how does the current economic expansion stack up according to some of the more readily available measures of income? How did Americans fare in the period from 2010 to 2015, for example, compared with the   periods following the end of the previous two recessions (that would be   and  )? The 5. 6 percent rise in median household income from 2010 to 2015 is a great deal better than in the   expansion and somewhat worse than in the   recovery. Using   average hourly earnings for nonsupervisory workers, the   and current expansion are about the same, compared with no gain in the  . Both the poorest and richest Americans did better in the 1990s but worse in the  . Interestingly, that pattern reverses when looking at   personal income. That measure was strongest in the   perhaps reflecting strong income gains at the top of the ladder (there’s Bill Gates walking into a bar again). So the good news is that this expansion is generating stronger income growth for typical American families than they experienced in the early part of this century. The bad news is that it falls short of the results from the  . The   time horizon used here  —      —   understates the strength of that expansion, because the economy was in an   boom from 1998 to 2000. The median household still makes 1. 6 percent less in   terms than it did in 2007, before the global financial crisis. It’s worth celebrating the real progress finally being made in getting the benefits of the expansion spread more broadly. But we will need the caveat that it isn’t hard to find evidence that the gains could be stronger still.",0
14306,"Thomas J. Perkins, Pioneering Venture Capitalist in Silicon Valley, Dies at 84 - The New York Times","Thomas J. Perkins, who nurtured Silicon Valley’s venture capital industry into a force that later helped foster the growth of companies like Google and Amazon, died Tuesday night at his home in Marin County, Calif. He was 84. His longtime assistant, Kathy Daly, said Mr. Perkins died after a prolonged illness, which she did not specify. Mr. Perkins   the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield  Byers in 1972, at a time when parts of Silicon Valley were still fruit orchards. Mr. Perkins and his partners popularized a model of investment that involved putting small amounts of money into promising young   in return for a stake in the companies, giving them advice and counsel to spur their growth. Some of the investments turned into gigantic hits. Mr. Perkins had said that his favorite investment was Genentech, a biotechnology company that has since been acquired by Roche. Over time, Kleiner Perkins  —   and its home on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, Calif.  —   became a destination for other venture capitalists. Mr. Perkins helped recruit venture capitalists like John Doerr to his firm, leading to investments in a new generation of technology companies, including Netscape, AOL, Amazon and later Google. The firm’s success transformed Silicon Valley and the technology and biotechnology industries, leading to a proliferation of venture firms in the region and creating an ecosystem of investment in   that today remains unrivaled in any other part of the world. Later in his life, Mr. Perkins was embroiled in several controversies. In 1996, he was convicted in France of involuntary manslaughter from a yacht collision. In another, he stepped down from the board of   in 2006 after he said the company had used illegal methods to obtain his phone records. The allegations led to the resignation of H. P.’s chairwoman and an overhaul of the board. He also publicly broke with Kleiner Perkins in 2014 after writing an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal in which he compared the “progressive war on the American 1 percent” to the persecution of Jews in Nazi Germany. The comments set off a firestorm, and the firm moved to distance itself from Mr. Perkins, who later apologized for his language. David A. Kaplan, who wrote a biography of Mr. Perkins titled “Mine’s Bigger: The Extraordinary Tale of the World’s Greatest Sailboat and the Silicon Valley Tycoon Who Built It” (2007) said in an interview on Thursday that Mr. Perkins’s “legacy won’t be helped by all the excessive things he said in recent years and the grudges he nursed,” though he was a “seminal figure” for Silicon Valley. In a statement on Thursday, two other Kleiner Perkins   Brook Byers and Frank Caufield, said Mr. Perkins had “defined what we know of today as entrepreneurial venture capital by going beyond just funding to helping entrepreneurs realize their visions with operating expertise. ” Mr. Perkins was flamboyant with his wealth, though he had said that he was a multimillionaire and not a billionaire, as many believed. At one point he was an avid collector of Bugatti cars at another, he commissioned a       clipper yacht called the Maltese Falcon, telling the CBS program “60 Minutes” in a profile that it had cost at least $150 million and less than $300 million. That lifestyle was the backdrop to one of several books he wrote, a novel titled “Sex and the Single Zillionaire” (2006) which featured a yacht on its cover. For the book, Mr. Perkins had guidance from the romance novelist Danielle Steel, whom he married in 1998 the marriage ended in divorce. He dedicated the novel to her. Thomas James Perkins was born on Jan. 7, 1932, and grew up in White Plains in modest circumstances, attending White Plains High School. His father, Harry, worked for an insurance company, and his mother, Elizabeth, was an occasional seamstress. He became interested in technology early. In a 2007 autobiography, “Valley Boy: The Education of Tom Perkins,” he wrote that as a youth he assembled television kits and had planned to be a TV repairman. Accepted to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he studied electrical engineering and computer science, earning his bachelor’s degree in both. He later received an M. B. A. from Harvard Business School. After working for a time for Sperry Gyroscope Company in Great Neck, on Long Island, he moved to California, where he worked in the technology industry for a decade He joined H. P. in the 1960s, working for the company’s founders, David Packard and William Hewlett. In his autobiography, Mr. Perkins wrote that Mr. Packard and Mr. Hewlett “were restless and driven men. ” “Their aspirations always reached beyond the present success,” he added, noting that he had been “fortunate to have come knocking on their door. ” When Mr. Perkins and Eugene Kleiner founded Kleiner Perkins in 1972 (Mr. Byers and Mr. Caufield joined later) Silicon Valley knew little of venture capital, and the men had the field largely to themselves, investing in fledgling companies like Tandem Computers, Applied Materials and Genentech. Mr. Perkins later stepped away from active venture investing and joined several corporate boards over the years, including Compaq Computer and News Corp. Compaq was purchased by H. P. in 2002, and Mr. Perkins joined H. P.’s board in 2005, not long before its chief executive at the time, Carly Fiorina, was fired. Mr. Perkins supported Ms. Fiorina’s recent run for the Republican presidential nomination. Before his marriage to Ms. Steel, Mr. Perkins was married to Gerd   a Norwegian whom he had met skiing near Lake Tahoe, until her death in 1994. He is survived by two children from that marriage, a son, Tor, and a daughter, Elizabeth.",0
14307,"BREAKING: Florida Election Employees Caught Faking 1,000’s of Stolen Absentee Ballots in Massive Voter Fraud Scheme - USAPoliticsNow","usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News 
Broward County is one of the largest swing counties in Florida. It would not take much voter fraud there to flip it. 
The voter fraud whistle-blower is a former Secretary of Elections Department employee and she has filled out a sworn affidavit: 
You can read the affidavit here. The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Smith said she was asked to deliver numerous ballots to a secret locked room where employees were filling out the absentee ballots. At first she was not clear as to what was happening. When she finally clearly saw what was up and reported it, she was terminated and told to never come back! 
After being caught red-handed engaging in voter fraud, Broward Country FL Sec of Elections Brenda Snipes claimed staff were “replicating damaged ballots” in the locked secret room without official monitors present. Yeah, that was a good one Brenda! 
According to the whistle-blower, the massive voter fraud went on day after day and included what had to be thousands of ballots. Brenda Snipes is already under lawsuit for deliberately misprinting absentee ballots! Why is she still around? 
Donald Trump is currently preparing a lawsuit against Snipes and the FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing the voter fraud case. Secretary of Election employees in Broward County, FL caught filling out absentee ballots! #FloridaFraud pic.twitter.com/MqjmFtDXHX 
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016 
Recently, numerous Florida voters have complained that they have not been receiving their absentee ballots. It seems we have found where some are going! How many other counties have a secret locked room!! 
Democrats live by an “ends justify the means” mentality. Cheating and stealing is of no issue to them as long as the outcome is the one that they want! Voter Fraud is entirely legitimate to them. 
UPDATE: 
Fox News reported that the Florida GOP has also filed a voter fraud lawsuit for illegally opening absentee ballots! 
The state GOP alleges that officials in Broward County, which includes Fort Lauderdale, have been opening tens of thousands of vote-by-mail ballots prior to them being cleared for counting. 
Chairman Blaise Ingoglia told Shapiro that “Florida law prescribes that when the supervisor of elections takes in all these ballots, they have to be approved by the canvassing board.” 
Therefore, the officials have no legal authority to open the ballot envelopes. 
Ingoglia said none of the ballots had been approved, so the party will be filing a lawsuit at 9 a.m. ET Thursday if county officials do not respond to his complaint by close-of-business on Wednesday. 
Source: www.ihavethetruth.com ",0
14308,Leaked Email Exposes Clinton Plot to Deceive the World Creating Fake Israeli-Palestinian Peace Process,"By Justin Gardner
Establishment figures on the left and right, such as Marco Rubio , are beginning to publicly fret about Wikileaks and what it could do to them. For now, the attention is on Hillary Clinton, whose corruption and true positions have been exposed on a number of issues .
Clinton’s long career in the highest levels of government has given Wikileaks plenty of material to publish, while Donald Trump’s character as an arrogant woman-groper is being revealed from his time in the entertainment business.
Julian Assange said he does have some information about Trump, but there is a strange reality there:
“I mean, it’s from a point of view of an investigative journalist organization like WikiLeaks, the problem with the Trump campaign is it’s actually hard for us to publish much more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump’s mouth every second day,” Assange said.
The horrible prospect of Trump or Clinton – both highly disliked by the populace – becoming president is the result of a system that is indeed rigged into a two-party dictatorship with the illusion of choice. Ben Swann explains some of it here .
One of the more worrying revelations – or should we say, “confirmations” – from the Podesta Emails is Clinton’s allegiance to the Israeli lobby . Her top foreign policy aide reminded her not to say anything publicly to offend “Bibi,” and she wrote a letter against the BDS (Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions) against Israel on behalf of her mega-donor, Haim Saban.
This allegiance to the Israeli lobby means that Clinton’s position on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will largely echo that of Israel’s government, including its settlements on Palestinian lands and its treatment of Gaza as a giant prison camp.
For decades, various presidents have claimed to be working on “peace accords” with the Israelis and Palestinians, while the U.S. military-industrial complex reaps billions from Israel’s militarism and use of U.S.-made weapons in repeated Gaza massacres.
Why wage peace when war is so profitable, in the monetary sense and in the enablement of absolute State power?
In one email, we see the kind of deceit presidents will engage in to maintain the narrative of “pursuing peace.”
From MondoWeiss :
“ Here’s the context. In a March 2015 email, right after Netanyahu’s victory in the Israeli election, Clinton foreign policy aide Jake Sullivan passed along a Times article in which Netanyahu offered a mild apology for his racist election-eve warning to Jewish voters that Palestinians were coming out to the polls “in droves,” and in which he flipflopped on his promise that no Palestinian state would be established on his watch. Per the Times: 
The two-state solution “remains our goal today, because it is the only way to secure Israel’s future as a Jewish and democratic state,” [Netanyahu] added. 
Sullivan comments [from hacked Podesta emails]: 
Unsurprisingly, Pragmatic Bibi makes an appearance. 
Clinton steps right in: This is an opening that should be exploited. A Potemkin process is better than nothing. ” For those who many not be familiar with the word, “Potemkin” or Potemkin village means constructing something to deceive others into thinking a situation is better than it really is. Merriam-Webster says, “especially one presented for the purpose or propaganda.”
As Weiss points out, we’ve had a Potemkin process for 20 years already, so Clinton would merely continue using events to perpetuate the false hope of a “peace accord.”
Michael Omer-Man, former news desk manager for the Jerusalem Post, had strong words for Clinton :
“It’s hard to imagine a more troubling statement about Israel/Palestine from a politician who will in all likelihood be the next president of the United States, even if it represents only part of her thinking on the region…
when American politicians like Hillary Clinton say that the façade of a peace process is better than no process, they mean it is better for the United States and Israel, not for Palestinians. A Potemkin peace process expressly means maintaining the status quo of occupation and oppression while neutralizing any consequences Israel might face for its actions.”
For establishment figures like Hillary Clinton, the illusion of a peace process is more important than actually pursuing peace. Maintaining the narrative while profiting from conflict is the modus operandi of the two-party dictatorship.
Source: The Free Thought Project 
",0
14309,Trump Campaign Adviser: ’Trump-Bannon Economic Nationalism Alive and Well’ - Breitbart,"White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon and his economic nationalism remain at the forefront of the Trump administration’s policy agenda despite a media narrative predicting Bannon’s immediate doom, former Trump campaign advisor Robert Wasinger writes. [From the Hill:  The reports of Steve Bannon’s demise have been greatly  . The media has pilloried Steve Bannon to the point of utter exhaustion, both ours and theirs apparently. After a solid month of insisting that Bannon and his brand of economic nationalism were on the way out of the White House, he remains in place, and the president continues to emphasize the themes that won him the election in November  —   much to the consternation of the Washington   set whose reputation depends upon the presumption that they have an inside line to the inner workings of power in the nation’s capital. The mainstream media spin on Bannon’s loss of influence and relevance has been achieved primarily by glossing over inconsistencies in their own narrative about his role and influence in the White House, and, more insidiously, by introducing into their narrative a total caricature of the “America First” themes whose political resonance they have so badly underestimated. For the rest of the article, click here.",0
14310,Rand Paul Wants Susan Rice Before Congress - Breitbart,"Sen. Rand Paul ( ) told reporters Monday afternoon that former Obama National Security Advisor Susan Rice “ought to testify under oath” after Bloomberg News’s Eli Lake revealed that, during the presidential transition, she deliberately sought to “unmask” President Donald Trump’s associates from intelligence surveillance. [Paul called the reports that Rice made dozens of requests to learn more about the identities of anonymous people thought to be close to the Trump transition team, inadvertently caught on tape during investigations into foreign persons of intelligence interest, “enormous news. ”  “If it is allowed, we shouldn’t be allowing it. I don’t think we should discount how big a deal it is that Susan rice was looking at these,” Paul told the assembled reporters. The Kentucky Senator then cut to the heart of the growing political fight behind what President Trump has called “wiretapping. ” “She needs to be asked, ‘did President Obama ask her to do this?’ I think she ought to testify under oath on this,” Paul opined. Paul also tried to tie Monday’s revelations about Rice to the slew of leaks on the topic around the time of the handover of the White House. “I think she should be asked under oath, did she reveal it to the Washington Post?” he asked. Paul, long a critic of this type of warrentless intelligence wiretapping and its potential to capture the communications of American citizens, was quick to tie the issues together. “I don’t think you should be allowed to listen to Americans’ conversations without a warrant,” Paul said. “They are targeting a foreigner, and because they are targeting a foreigner they are gathering all of this information on Americans. ” “A million Americans are apparently caught up in these incidental conversations,” Paul continued. “Everybody in the Trump Administration transition, they could basically look at those conversations. ”",0
14311,Why a Chemical Banned From Soap Is Still in Your Toothpaste - The New York Times,"Last week, the Food and Drug Administration effectively banned the antibacterial chemical triclosan from soaps. But you can you still find it in your toothpaste. That’s because the   toothpaste brand, Colgate Total, convinced the F. D. A. that the benefit of triclosan in toothpaste outweighs any risks. Toothpastes that contain triclosan have been “demonstrated to be effective at reducing plaque and gingivitis,” said Andrea Fischer, an F. D. A. spokeswoman. Before approving the toothpaste in 1997, the agency requested that the   company conduct toxicology studies, and the F. D. A. ultimately decided it was safe and effective. “Based on scientific evidence, the balance of benefit and risk is favorable for these products,” Ms. Fischer said on Tuesday. Colgate Total is the only toothpaste in the United States that contains triclosan. For some critics, the decision to take triclosan out of topical products but leave it in an oral product is a bit of a  . “We put soap on our hands, and a small amount gets into our body,” said Rolf Halden, a director for environmental security at the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University, who has tracked triclosan for years. But through the gums, “chemicals get rapidly absorbed into the bloodstream. ” In a statement, a   spokesman, Thomas DiPiazza, said the product had a far more rigorous safety review than other toothpastes. When the company sought approval to use triclosan in 1997, it conducted a comprehensive evaluation of human safety of triclosan as part of its new drug application. The review included “carcinogenicity, reproductive and developmental toxicity, eye and skin irritation, and short term and long term toxicity,” he said. The original F. D. A. submission for Colgate Total included more than 100 toxicology studies, and the company provides monitoring and safety updates annually, said Colgate. “The full weight of scientific evidence amassed over 25 years continues to support the safety and efficacy of Colgate Total,” Mr. DiPiazza said. The antimicrobial triclosan was first used by surgeons to sterilize hands before operating. But amid a rash of germ phobia in the late 1990s, consumer products firms began adding the chemical and others like it to everything from soaps and deodorants to laundry detergents and even baby toys. When Colgate added triclosan to its toothpaste, debuting Colgate Total in 1997, it created a blockbuster, quickly gaining market share to become a best seller. What happens when you add triclosan to toothpaste? In 2013, an independent review of 30 studies by The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews concluded that toothpastes with triclosan and fluoride outperformed those with only fluoride on several counts. When used for six to nine months,   toothpastes reduced plaque severity by 41 percent more than fluoride pastes alone. The   combination reduced gum inflammation by 22 percent more and gum bleeding by 48 percent more than fluoride alone. For the truly dedicated, two to three years of using triclosan toothpaste showed a 5 percent drop in cavities compared with brushing with fluoride paste alone. But soon experts began to worry that widespread exposure to germ fighters in everyday products could lead to new strains of resistant bacteria. Studies in animals have shown that triclosan and similar chemicals can disrupt the normal development of the reproductive system and metabolism. Last week’s decision by the F. D. A. to ban triclosan in soaps came after experts pushed the agency to regulate antimicrobial chemicals, warning that they risk scrambling hormones in children and promoting   infections. Responding to the F. D. A. decision, Mr. DiPiazza noted that the recent F. D. A. review was less rigorous than the agency’s 1997 review. Furthermore, he said, “the agency did not conclude that triclosan in soap was unsafe or ineffective,” just that soap manufacturers had not submitted adequate safety evidence or proof that their products were more effective than   soap. He also cited the Cochrane review study that demonstrated the clear benefits of triclosan toothpaste, with no health risks. “There do not appear to be any serious safety concerns” after three years of use, the Cochrane authors concluded. But Dr. Halden, the scientist from Arizona State, said that the Cochrane review wasn’t looking at the most serious health concerns. The review wasn’t “designed to look at hormonal effects, nor did they carry on long enough to measure the outcomes we are concerned about such as endocrine disruption,” Dr. Halden said. Mae Wu, a lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense Council, which filed a lawsuit in 2010 to force the F. D. A. to decide about antibacterial soaps, thinks consumers should avoid using triclosan toothpaste. “It’s aimed at preventing gingivitis, so if you’re at risk of that you might consider it,” Ms. Wu said. “But for anyone else, it may do more harm than good. ” What do dentists think? Dr. Richard Niederman, a dentist and the chairman of the epidemiology department at the New York University College of Dentistry, isn’t particularly worried about his patients’ using   toothpaste. However, Dr. Niederman, whose university has received funds from Colgate for   programs in New York City, said consumers had the option to switch to other products containing stannous fluoride. Stannous fluoride is an antimicrobial that also helps rebuild tooth enamel. “I would tell my patients if they are concerned about triclosan that stannous fluoride is also very effective for reducing plaque and gingivitis,” said Dr. Niederman. Asked why he wasn’t worried about   toothpastes, he said, “I’m not an alarmist. ”",0
14312,‘I Am an American Because of Him’: The Journey of Pence’s Grandfather From Ireland - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The S. S. Andania, plain and sturdy, pulled into New York Harbor on April 11, 1923, after a slow journey from Liverpool, England. In a   cabin was a   Irishman named Richard Michael Cawley, fleeing poverty and war. The son of a tailor from a rural village, Mr. Cawley, then 20, had come of age during a guerrilla conflict. Now, with Irish fighting Irish, he had made his way to America to join his older brother and uncle. He would settle in Chicago, a city bursting with Irish Roman Catholic life marry a teacher find work as a streetcar driver and sing ballads by the piano on Saturday nights. He would become an American citizen, march in St. Patrick’s Day parades and visit Ireland, looking, one cousin marveled, like “a real Yank. ” It is a familiar American tale, except for this: Mr. Cawley’s grandson and namesake, Michael Richard Pence, is the vice president of the United States, which is in the thick of a roiling immigration debate. On Thursday, Mr. Pence, wearing a spray of shamrocks in his lapel, welcomed Enda Kenny, the Irish prime minister, for breakfast at the vice president’s residence as part of the White House’s St. Patrick’s Day festivities. For Mr. Pence  —   who calls his grandfather “the proudest man I ever knew, and the best man I ever knew”  —   and his family, it is a deeply personal celebration. “He’d be busting his buttons, that’s what he’d say,” Mr. Pence’s mother, Nancy Pence Fritsch, 84, said of her father, who died in 1980. The story of Mr. Cawley  —   pieced together from interviews with historians and relatives in the United States and Ireland, as well as archival documents  —   is one of family ties and a man whose experience had an impact on Mr. Pence. Some facts have been lost to time memories do not align perfectly with the written record. When Mr. Pence was a toddler, overshadowed by talkative older brothers, his grandfather taught him to recite “Humpty Dumpty” in Gaelic. As a boy, he shared the older man’s admiration for Presidents John F. Kennedy and Franklin D. Roosevelt, though both eventually left the Democratic Party. He inherited Mr. Cawley’s sense of humor and easy manner, Mr. Pence’s oldest brother, Gregory Pence, said  —   qualities that helped him thrive in politics. Mr. Pence declined to be interviewed a spokesman, Marc Lotter, when asked about Mr. Cawley’s immigration status, said he “entered this country through Ellis Island. ” Barry Moreno, the librarian and historian at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum, reviewed the ship’s manifest and other records and said Mr. Cawley’s paperwork  —   including a 1936 document stating that he had been “lawfully admitted”  —   appeared to be in order. Mr. Cawley’s journey does not offer a precise parallel to those of today’s refugees escaping   nations like Syria. Mr. Lotter said President Trump’s efforts to restrict immigrant travel would not have applied to Mr. Cawley because “Ireland is not compromised by terrorism. ” But with Mr. Pence defending the president, and the Irish  divided over Mr. Trump, it is difficult not to view Mr. Cawley’s experience through the prism of current events. In a recent speech to Latino   leaders, Mr. Pence pledged that he and Mr. Trump would “show great heart every step of the way” regarding immigration, before recounting his  ’s farewell to her son. “She told him she was going to get him a   ticket to America,” Mr. Pence said, “because, she said, ‘There’s a future there for you. ’” Born on Feb. 7, 1903, Mr. Cawley was the third of six children, Irish census records show. The family lived in Doocastle, County Mayo, in a small cottage on a hill outside a village called Tubbercurry, in County Sligo. Older villagers still remember his father as “Dick the Tailor. ” The Sinn Fein nationalist party declared Ireland’s independence from Britain in 1919, setting off a guerrilla war between Irish and crown forces. That included the notorious British “Black and Tans” paramilitary group, which waged a night of terror in Tubbercurry in October 1920, burning buildings, including church parish halls, according to Michael Farry, an Irish historian who has documented the war in Sligo. In December 1921, Britain and Ireland signed a peace treaty, only to have civil war break out six months later among the Irish. Then, according to a handwritten ledger from Irish military archives, Mr. Cawley enlisted in the Irish Free State’s army. He felt “pushed into” serving, Mrs. Pence Fritsch said, and was reluctant to fight his countrymen. With little prospect of work, he fled to England, she said, to earn his way to America. The ship’s manifest lists him as a coal miner, with an address near Manchester, and says his brother paid for his passage. In the United States,   and   sentiment was flaring. A   Congress had passed the Emergency Quota Act of 1921, a restrictive immigration law strongly opposed by many   Democratic politicians. Monthly quotas allowed more British immigrants than Irish, who were welcomed as English speakers but faced some suspicion of being radicals. (On the day Mr. Cawley’s ship arrived, The New York Times carried news of Irish rebels.) Many Irish immigrated through Canada. And it might have been easier to gain entry to the United States with a British address, said Richard White, a Stanford historian who has chronicled his own grandfather’s illegal immigration from Ireland to Chicago in 1924. Passing through Ellis Island, Mr. Cawley would have answered an immigration officer’s routine questions, noted on the ship manifest. He was neither sick nor an anarchist, the manifest said. He had the equivalent of $23. And though records show he did not become a citizen until 1941, a decade after he married, historians say that was typical many Irish came to America not quite sure they would stay. While his brother James made his life in New York, Mr. Cawley settled in Chicago. It was a “fully developed Catholic world” of churches, schools and a heavily Irish Democratic political machine, the historian Ellen Skerrett said. In 1927, he was hired as a motorman for the Chicago Surface Lines, a streetcar service later absorbed by the Chicago Transit Authority, which still has Mr. Cawley’s insurance card on file. He held that job, eventually driving a bus, for more than 40 years. By 1931, records show, he had married Mary Elizabeth Maloney, a teacher and   American whose family hailed from Doonbeg, County Clare. (In 2014, Mr. Trump bought a golf course there.) With Mrs. Cawley’s widowed mother, they moved into a tidy brick “ ”  —   tenants, often relatives, rented the second floor  —   on the South Side. When Mrs. Pence Fritsch, born in 1932, was a baby, her father went home to see his dying mother. “He was gone so long,” she said, “my mother worried he wouldn’t come back. ” There was not much Irish life in Columbus, Ind. where Mr. Pence grew up as one of six children. (His father died in 1988, and his mother remarried.) Mr. Cawley was 56 when Mr. Pence was born. “I think he was partial to Michael,” Mrs. Pence Fritsch said of her father, “because he was named after him. ” Holidays meant trips to Chicago. In high school in the 1970s, Mr. Pence would regale friends with an imitation of his grandfather’s soft brogue. By this time, his grandparents were retired and traveled frequently to Ireland. In 1981, not long after his grandfather died, Mr. Pence made his own pilgrimage. The trip was deeply emotional, said Trish Tamler, a cousin of Mr. Pence’s who accompanied him to Tubbercurry. “It was just something that we all treasured,” she said. “We were just all so fascinated with the history. ” By this time, Mr. Pence had left his Catholic faith to embrace evangelical Christianity, a decision that would redefine him as one of the nation’s most religious and culturally conservative legislators. Grappling with immigration policy, he often invoked his grandfather  —   including in 2006, when he tried unsuccessfully to unite Republicans around a compromise that conservatives attacked as amnesty. “He got off that boat an Irish lad, he died an American, and I am an American because of him,” Mr. Pence said then. He also warned conservatives to demonstrate “that we believe in the ideas enshrined on the Statue of Liberty. ” Yet he also took tough stances, pleasing the right. A decade before Mr. Trump proposed a border wall with Mexico, Mr. Pence backed a bill that led to the construction of about 700 miles of fencing. As governor, he barred Syrian refugees from Indiana, citing fear of terrorism. In 2013, Mr. Pence took his wife, Karen, and their three children on vacation to Ireland, stopping in Doonbeg, where Hugh McNally, a distant cousin, runs a bar. “They want to hold on to an identity,” Mr. McNally said. Now, amid the tensions over Mr. Trump’s immigration policies, Mr. Pence says his grandfather taught him a powerful lesson: “If you work hard, play by the rules,” he told the Latino leaders, “anybody can be anybody in America. ”",0
14313,Leaked Emails Just Exposed Clear Republican Voter Suppression In North Carolina,"Comments 
It’s another smoking gun in the North Carolina Republican Party’s fight against minority voting rights, which has now moved from the statehouse , into the courthouse and finally into election supervisory boards where newly leaked public records emails prove that the GOP’s policies of racism are overtly aimed at a white’s-only vote at the ballot box. 
A North Carolina Republican elections board supervisor closed down Sunday early voting specifically to appease their GOP bosses, who argued that too many African-American voters would vote together in traditional “souls to the polls” events. 
This completely incontrovertible finding is sure to draw a swift reaction from the Department Of Justice’s Civil Rights Division and hopefully renewed coverage under the Voting Rights Act. Of course, they won’t announce anything about their investigation during the 60-days before voting finishes on November 8th. Reuters broke the news : 
Bill McAnulty, an elections board chairman in a mostly white North Carolina county, agreed in July to open a Sunday voting site where black church members could cast ballots after services, the reaction was swift: he was labeled a traitor by his fellow Republicans. 
“I became a villain, quite frankly,” recalled McAnulty at a state board of elections meeting in September that had been called to resolve disputes over early voting plans. “I got accused of being a traitor and everything else by the Republican Party,” McAnulty said. 
Following the blowback from Republicans, McAnulty later withdrew his support for the Sunday site. In an interview with Reuters, he said he ultimately ruled against opening the Sunday voting site in Randolph County because he had “ made a mistake in reading the wishes of the voters .” He declined to discuss the episode further. 
North Carolina Republicans can’t win with ideas, so it appears that they have completely given up on democracy for the sake of winning. Politics isn’t just a popularity contest; our electoral system is rooted in the sacred covenant that everyone has a voice in how our country is run. 
As usual, the Republican voter suppression squad turned to the old trope of “wasteful and unnecessary” spending as the illegitimate justification to try and suppress minority votes. 
In two emails, on Aug. 11 and Aug. 14, Woodhouse urged Republicans serving on county election boards to follow the “party line” on curtailing the early voting period. “Many of our folks are angry and opposed to Sunday voting,” he wrote. “Six days of voting in one week is enough. Period.” Keeping polling sites open for the full 17-day early voting period “ may be wasteful and unnecessary ,” he added. 
The North Carolina Republican Party and its elected officials have set the gold standard for racially-driven dirty politics, and they’re not even slightly afraid to banter with each other openly about it. 
Fortunately, the Democratic Party fought back and while they could not prevent every instance of voter suppression, it has resulted in more early voting access rather than the GOP’s plan of less. 
“Those who wanted to suppress the vote, they’re going to fail,” he said at University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill in Raleigh. “Right now, there are more one-stop early vote sites in North Carolina than ever before.” 
With only five days remaining in the race, North Carolina poll averages show a dead heat between Democrats and their vote suppressing opponents in the Republican party in the presidential race. 
If you witness voter suppression at the polls, don’t hesitate to call 866-OUR-VOTE.",0
14314,If Hillary Clinton Is Charged With Obstruction Of Justice She Could Go To Prison For 20 Years,"Posted by Michael Snyder 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails , it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton ’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “ at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “ Guilty As Sin “… 
‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale. 
Courtesy of Michael Snyder Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
14315,Purchasing Loyalty with Foreign Aid,"Written by Jacob G. Hornberger   A dispute that is taking place between Saudi Arabia and Egypt indirectly demonstrates the nature of US foreign aid. After dumping a walloping $25 billion in foreign aid to help the Egyptian military dictatorship’s economic woes, the Saudis are hopping mad. Why? Because last month in the United Nations, contrary to Saudi Arabia’s wishes, Egypt voted in favor of a Russian resolution on Syria. In the world of foreign aid, that’s a super no-no. When a regime has received $25 billion from another regime, it is expected to vote the way its benefactor wants it to vote. In a remarkable admission regarding foreign aid, at least in this particular case, the New York Times, in an article on the matter, wrote, “The Saudis may have thought they were buying loyalty….” The Times article pointed out that to punish the Egyptians for their independence, “The state-owned Saudi oil company, Aramco, postponed a promised shipment of 700,000 tons of discounted oil in October, and the spokesman for Egypt’s oil ministry said the fate of November’s shipment remains unknown.” Although the New York Times would probably be reluctant to describe US foreign aid in the same way, that’s precisely what it is — a way to purchase “loyalty” from foreign regimes, including dictatorships. The US government loves to put foreign regimes on the federal dole because once that happens, US officials know that they have bought them, lock, stock, and barrel. Once a regime is on the dole, it inevitably becomes dependent on it. The racket works like this: The IRS collects money from hard-pressed US taxpayers, which US officials use to send millions of dollars in foreign aid to foreign regimes. The foreign regimes then use the money to buy weaponry to fortify their hold on power or to just to line the pockets of government officials. It doesn’t matter to US officials what the tyrants do to people within their country. They can abuse them, incarcerate them, torture them, or kill them. None of that matters to US officials. What matters to US officials is the international arena. Like votes in the UN. Or just public support for US invasions, coups, interventions, assassinations, kidnappings, and the like. That’s when US officials expect “loyalty,” in the form of blind support, which was what Saudi Arabia was expecting from the Egyptian tyrants. And heaven help any nation that takes the “wrong” position. The US will respond in the same way the Saudis have responded to the Egyptians. It will threaten to do very bad things to the nation that opposes a U.S invasion, coup, or resolution within the UN. When a nation is on the US dole, US officials expect “loyalty.” Americans can’t do anything about foreign aid by the Saudi government. But they can do something about US foreign aid. What they should do is demand that it be ended, immediately.   the Future of Freedom Foundation . Related",0
14316,Banzhaf: Trump’s Immigration Executive Order Is Constitutional,"Professor John Banzhaf, public interest law professor at George Washington University Law School, joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday to discuss the constitutionality of President Trump’s immigration order. [Despite the media hysteria surrounding it, Banzhaf said, “This order is largely constitutional and probably will stand. ”  Citing his own analysis, Banzhaf added that even if Trump said that “no Muslims could come into the United States, that would be constitutional. ” Explaining, he said, “We have something called the plenary power doctrine that says   …     the rights that we enjoy as Americans living in America don’t apply to foreigners living in foreign countries who are trying to come here. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
14317,Breaking News: The Elohim Confirm the Arrival of the Proton Stream From the Central Sun via the Coronal Hole of Our Sun and the Flame of Resurrection,"www.stankovuniversallaw.com 
Energetic Report from October 24th, 2016 Yesterday evening after I had recovered somewhat from the steady, heavy blast of energy, and my headache, dizziness and nausea had subsided, Georgi called me to come look out of the window and there we saw a beautiful rainbow in the north-east. It was a vertical pillar of rainbow stripes that rose up into the sky before melding into a sea of deep grey cloud cover – a storm had just rolled through. We were both happy to see this rainbow but at the same time we noticed there was something in the air that was very unusual. We felt a palpable change in the energy all around, and within the space of a couple of minutes it was as if everything was bathed in a blanket of soft, gentle golden light. Two more minutes and everything radiated a deep luminescent golden glow! It continued to deepen in intensity and suddenly the entire sky and every solid object was illuminated. White clouds had formed and were absorbing this luminosity from somewhere. This light did not come from our Sun; it was as though light was radiating out from the prana molecules themselves. Gold prana everywhere! The Sun was hidden behind a heavy bank of grey clouds to the west and it’s light was just not present. And the glow intensified even further! Everything was covered in a deep and luminous gold and emanated an energy that was soft, gentle, peaceful and yet powerful, warm and loving. It was as though everything reflected a reality made of pure divine presence. It was heaven-sent and we witnessed it all unfold in its magnificent and stunning beauty. We were both in awe of this vision before us and it wasn’t until we received this message from the Elohim that we realized that this light was the magnificent Resurrection Flame . We are certain others among you have seen or will see this light this week. We are with you all. Much love, Carla and Georgi Clarification The proton stream that is now flowing from the Central Sun via the massive coronal hole of our sun since October 24th, 2016 is different from the Resurrection Flame that is also coming from the Central Sun/Source. This is very important to observe. The latter consists of highest frequencies of light beyond the 5D, actually from the 12th dimension, while the protons are conscious God’s particles that are the building elements of space-time and of all forms in 3D, 4D and lower 5D. This includes the creation of matter, all elements and substances, in 3D as we know it from the current holographic model on the earth. In order to illustrate how important the protons are for life, I must make you aware of a well-known fact in bio-sciences that has not been fully understood by most scientists before I explained its paramount importance in my pivotal book Volume III on bio-science and medicine. The entire metabolism in the cell and in the human organism that keeps the biological bodies alive represents a complex redox-cascade of biochemical reactions and cycles which are the major topic of biochemistry. The final product of these chemical processes is the degradation of the three major food classes – carbohydrates, proteins and fatty acids – and the separation of protons from water and the food chain in the mitochondria. These protons are then expelled on the outer side of the mitochondrial membrane and build a powerful proton gradient of more than one million voltmeters across this membrane. In fact, such electromagnetic (EM) gradients are built around all cellular and intra-cellular membranes and these gradients are the driving force – the vis vitalis – of organic matter, organic life. As I have written a lot in the past, I am the first scientist who has grasped the importance of the electromagnetic gradients in the cell and the organism and how they operate as powerful spherical capacitors . The entire chemical energy stored in the food (minus the heat (thermodynamic energy) that is emitted to the environment) is utilized in the body via the cell metabolism and is then transformed into electromagnetic energy of transmembrane EM gradients . The latter drive the entire cell regulation and body metabolism by releasing their energy in form of action potentials which can be easily measured, for instance, as ECG and EEG. Organic life, including the human body, is thus an energetic system based on a constant energy exchange between the chemical energy stored in the food and the electromagnetic energy stored as membrane potentials (gradients) across all biological membranes. In other words, our body is a very complex and fine-tuned electromagnetic system and not a biochemical system as present-day science wrongly assumes and exclusively describes. This is the greatest theoretical breakthrough in the history of bio-sciences that transforms them into a true biophysics based on the Universal Law and explains how the biological body is actually regulated. This includes the acceptance of higher dimensional operational systems beyond the electromagnetic spectrum and builds the scientific foundation and explanation of the Light Body Process (LBP) and how the human carbon-based body is transformed into crystalline light body in the course of the ascension process. Hence this message from the Elohim has a profound theoretical background rooted in the new Science of the Universal Law. In fact, we have published a few messages from the Elohim in the past that have announced similar powerful proton streams on this planet but the latest one is unique insofar as it is combined with the all-pervading Flame of Resurrection that has now triggered the long-awaited Reset of this 3D holographic model and its transfiguration to a higher dimensional multi-reality. As the End Time has always been described as the Time of Revelations , also known as Apocalypse in Greek as first mentioned in the Bible, we are very happy to announce the final stage of the End Time that will very soon lead to the final ID shift and our ascension. George The Elohim Message We are the Elohim and we greet you with the loving warmth of great love. There is a proton flow greeting all of humanity, and all of Gaia, coming from the Great Central Sun and moving through the space-time portal that is your Sun. This and every proton stream has a profound impact on each aspect of creation and it is no exception here within your third dimensional reality. Streams upon streams of charged consciousness flood space-time and this energy reaches all elements at the quantum level. This is an expanded consciousness, the conscious awareness of Creation itself. It is the time of the Revelations and this proton stream is the fuel for this sacred moment in time that is rightly called a re-set and that is the projected expansion of awareness proclaimed through the millenia. Bring forth now new confidence in the living intelligence of the Light! There was great all-pervasive golden light today (October 24th) – flooding, penetrating and balancing energetic systems that are founded in light principle – this was magnificent was it not? The golden light is the light of the resurrection. It moves to re-empower your body-mind-spirit system through the power chakra, the solar plexus and it does so at the quantum level. This is why you and many others felt extreme nausea this day and this is why the proton stream is the fuel for the reactivation action of the Resurrection of Life . Your reality is changing, one proton at a time. The proton is the conscious God particle, the God-energy if you prefer, that is needed to re-instill the divine blueprint in each and every expression. Restoration of the divine blueprint precedes balancing, and healing, in all life forms. This cherished moment is a gift for you to experience in full consciousness; the healing power of God’s light, the light of Creation, the light which is founded in eternal love. Remember, you are created from these elements and therefore your highest expressions and grandest achievements are founded in love. We are the Elohim and we love you for ever. Share:",0
14318,Arise President Trump (or Why it's not the End of the World as We Know it),"10 Shares
4 5 0 1
""USA! USA! USA!"" they chanted together in the Hilton Ballroom as the results came in. Who needs polls? They never gave him a chance but now we have it: President Donald Trump. Not only were the polls spectacularly wrong (who will ever trust this particularly bankrupt form of moralising presumptive analysis and telling us how we do and should feel?) but also the pundits who were not just arrogant about the fact that Trump had no chance but also were hopelessly out of touch with what America was thinking across its societal spectrum, what it wanted, what was felt deep in its blood.
It is a rejection of the liberal consensus the entire West has wallowed in since the 90's and a rejection of Obama and the false hope he decried, the impotent nature of US political leverage around the world and the rejection of brazen corruption and questionable ethics as typified by ""Crooked Hillary"".
The world must live with it; democracy has spoken and they're going to have to get over the words President Trump. Some will head for the hills, some will run to Canada, others will continue to cry but as Obama said yesterday, regardless of the result ""tomorrow the sun will still shine.""
This is a cry for American exceptionalism and like him or not Trump typifies that. He is committed to education, and demands high performance. Selling well is an admirable skill for a President to have. Negotiating with Congress, internationally, etc., is exceptionally useful. Trump has taken beatings financially and come out smelling like a rose.
Trump's business experience involves negotiations with business leaders and even governments around the world, and he likely has connections behind the scenes that surpass those of simply purely political candidates -- this gives him keen, realistic insights into economics in different parts of the world, as well as additional avenues to pursue trade agreements, and even perhaps some nuanced insights of particular financial weaknesses of possible global competitors, not to mention experience and insight into the partnerships and/or antagonism between different industries and particular governments.
MORE... Trump's sexual predator characteristics - His Grandfather was a pimp, but at least he paid the women he hired The significance of the GOP's attempted purge of Donald Trump Trump, Turkey, and police tyranny: The crisis of Imperialism finds political expression An America in denial This vote comes down to the reckoning that for too long, politicians have sold the American people out to foreign nations and global industry. What Donald Trump is doing is representing the absolute heartbreak and anger and frustration at a government gone mad and it seems the Left completely underestimated that in their vitriol in crying #NeverTrump and portraying him as the devil incarnate.
Although it is entirely true that Trump is ostentatious and has his mistakes, he brings something to the Presidential table no other candidate had before; he speaks his mind.
America clearly is sick of weasel politicians who are too afraid to say what people want to hear, they want the facts straight.
President Trump isn't cut from the political class, that class which is entrenched in its self-interest and has let the country down time and time again. Ross Perot once said that we need somebody to clean out the stables, a corrupted, ethically questionable President is therefore not the answer in order to accomplish that and I'm not talking about Donald Trump.
Trump is a pragmatist in an era of rapidly approaching chaos, he is not a social engineer, a think tanker who wants to please those lining his bank accounts. The liberal Democratic policies of Obama, U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi, U.S. Sen. Harry Reid and their company created a climate that has led to this decision today.
So what if his language is intemperate and insulting? Even lacking in nobility from time to time? How can a true changemaker be straitjacketed by politically correct chains if he or she must express the will of the people, uncomfortable concerns that lie dormant for far too long?
Obama won because conservative voters stayed home. He had promise and he let so many down, what did Clinton have? And that is why conservative voters had to get out and vote.
Trump prefers isolationism on a world scale, Clinton voted to take us to war in Iraq and to overthrow Libya's Gaddafi, all in the guise of being ""muscular.""
Perhaps today's landmark and historic decision is not so much about Trump's strengths and power but more about the crippled weakness of the country in 2016 and you simply cannot blame him for that.",0
14319,Corzine Reaches $5 Million Settlement With Regulators in MF Global Case - The New York Times,"After more than five years of investigations and negotiations, the curious case of MF Global is finally closed. On Thursday, federal regulators announced a $5 million settlement with Jon S. Corzine, who ran MF Global when it collapsed into bankruptcy in 2011 and lost more than $1 billion in customer money. The settlement, reached unanimously at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in the waning days of the Obama administration and approved by a federal judge this week, caps a   spectacle that derailed Mr. Corzine’s career and spurred a number of congressional, criminal and regulatory investigations. The regulatory case arose in 2013, when the commodities agency sued Mr. Corzine, a Democratic former New Jersey senator and governor, saying he had failed to “diligently supervise” the firm as it jeopardized the clients’ accounts. The agency did not directly link Mr. Corzine, 70, to the missing money, but it did accuse a   employee in Chicago, Edith O’Brien, of “aiding and abetting” the misuse of customer money, saying she allowed it to be used to plug holes in MF Global’s own accounts. To resolve the case, Mr. Corzine has agreed to pay the $5 million penalty out of his own pocket. While the sum is manageable for someone who reaped many millions of dollars as a top Goldman Sachs executive before pursuing a career in politics, it is an unusual step. In other federal cases involving Wall Street, insurance money often covers settlement amounts, sparing the executives themselves. While Mr. Corzine was willing to settle the case, Ms. O’Brien nearly took it to trial. But in recent weeks she, too, agreed to settle, striking a deal that has imposed a $500, 000 penalty and an   prohibition on her associating with a futures broker like MF Global. Mr. Corzine agreed to a harsher undertaking  —   accepting a lifetime prohibition from leading a futures broker or registering with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. In effect, that means he will not personally trade other people’s money in the futures industry, except for smaller trades under certain threshold limits. Mr. Corzine, in theory, could still operate a hedge fund that does futures trading, and he could trade for his own account. The settlement also does not prevent him from trading in other markets. “This resolution demonstrates the importance that the commission attaches to customer protection, which has long been a hallmark of our mission,” Aitan Goelman, the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission enforcement division, said in a statement announcing the settlement. The settlements, the contours of which were reported by The New York Times in October, bring a   close to the MF Global ordeal. The criminal investigations ended with the conclusion that MF Global employees did not intentionally break the law. Just last year, Mr. Corzine settled much of the private MF Global litigation. And a trustee has long recovered the missing customer money (much of it wound up at MF Global’s banks and clearinghouses) and made whole the farmers and hedge funds whose accounts were raided in the firm’s final days. In a statement on Thursday, Mr. Corzine said, “As the C. E. O. of MF Global in 2011, I have accepted responsibility for its failure, and I deeply regret the impact it had on customers, employees, shareholders and others. ” He added: “I remain gratified that several years ago all customer money was recovered and returned to MF Global customers. ” His lawyer, Andrew J. Levander, said: “Mr. Corzine has given more than 10 days of testimony under oath, and these matters have been investigated exhaustively by two U. S. attorney’s offices, the F. B. I. the S. E. C. the C. F. T. C. Finra and Congress. ” (Finra is the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.) And yet, Mr. Levander said, “None of these investigations have led to allegations that Mr. Corzine engaged in any kind of intentional misconduct or fraud, or that he was at any time not truthful in his many hours of testimony. ” The case also concludes a   political challenge for the commodities agency, which came under fire for not preventing a breach of customer money at a firm it regulated. Compounding the pressure, Mr. Corzine was a sensitive target, a prominent Democrat who has been a confidant of leaders in Washington and on Wall Street. Against that backdrop, the agency extracted the $5 million payout from Mr. Corzine, a sum far greater than what it could have expected to win if he had been found liable at trial. During negotiations with Mr. Corzine last year, the commission also strengthened aspects of the deal after some of the agency’s commissioners questioned it, The New York Times reported at the time. The case against Mr. Corzine was among the agency’s biggest enforcement actions in the Obama administration. And after MF Global’s demise, on Halloween in 2011, the commodities agency used the episode to tighten the rules for protecting customer money. The disappearance of the money from MF Global unnerved the futures industry and raised broader concerns about the safety of customer funds across Wall Street. Further review showed that MF Global’s financial straits left it vulnerable to a breach. Mr. Corzine joined MF Global as chief executive and chairman in 2010 after the firm had lost money in each of the previous three years. In hopes of returning the firm to profitability  —   and perhaps transforming it into a miniature Goldman Sachs  —   Mr. Corzine placed a large wager on European sovereign debt at a time when investors feared defaults in the eurozone. Although his bet ultimately would have been profitable for MF Global, and the European bonds paid out for other firms that bought the debt, it was not enough to save the firm from unrelated woes. MF Global’s auditor, for example, made the firm write down the value of a significant future tax benefit, a move that appeared to unnerve MF Global’s investors as well as ratings agencies. And after a series of ratings downgrades, the firm started to unravel. In MF Global’s final days, it overdrew an account at JPMorgan Chase, one of its banks, and scrambled to patch that hole. That is when the improper transfers of customer money accelerated, according to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s complaint. Minutes after learning of the overdrawn account, Mr. Corzine told Ms. O’Brien that meeting the bank’s demands was “the most important thing” she could get “done that day. ” Ultimately, in the chaos and confusion of those final days, customer money was transferred to JPMorgan. And yet, Mr. Corzine was not accused of instructing Ms. O’Brien to use customer money for this purpose. According to court records submitted by his lawyers, Mr. Corzine was not told that the firm was at risk of violating the rules until the eve of the bankruptcy, after the breach had happened. In an email, Ms. O’Brien told Mr. Corzine that the transfer to JPMorgan was a “house wire,” meaning it came from the firm’s accounts. In the years since, Mr. Corzine has visited Central America for a humanitarian project and has traded with his own money. His philanthropic efforts have included working with Covenant House, a nonprofit focused on helping homeless children. “With this matter resolved,” he said, “I am eager to move forward and plan to spend my time focused on issues that have always been important in my life: my family, community and philanthropic causes, and markets. ”",0
14320,Stop Bleeding in 10 Seconds With Cayenne Pepper,"Cayenne pepper may be the miracle first-aid spice that no one knows about! Stop bleeding in 10 seconds with this simple trick! 

Cayenne pepper does much more than just add spice to culinary dishes. This miracle working substance can also stop bleeding in less than one minute under most circumstances. It works miracles because cayenne pepper reacts with the body to equalize the blood pressure. This means that cayenne will keep the extra gushing of pressure from becoming concentrated in the wound area as it normally is. Blood will instead quickly clot when the pressure is equalized. 

Topical Application 

Cayenne can be sprinkled directly onto the wound with absolutely no modification. You can also dissolve it in a bit of water and saturate a piece of gauze to be placed over the wound area. 

Internal Application 

Cayenne pepper can also be taken orally. Dissolve a teaspoon of cayenne in one cup of water and drink it down. If the taste of this seems like a bit too much, simply dissolve a teaspoon of cayenne into the juice of half a lemon and a dash of maple syrup. 

Other Uses 

While cayenne can stop bleeding from exterior wounds, it also works for internal hemorrhages inside the nose, stomach, and throat if taken orally. Cayenne can also work to improve blood circulation, assist digestion, stimulate perspiration and saliva, and lessen pain from swollen or arthritic joints and limbs. 

Cayenne salves are great as deep heating balms for cramps, stiff neck, arthritis, sore muscles, etc. Make your own cayenne salve with olive oil, cayenne, oil of wintergreen, pure distilled mint crystals, and beeswax.",0
14321,Potent Critiques of NBC Forum Raise Stakes for Moderators - The New York Times,"As criticism rained down on Matt Lauer, the NBC anchor whose handling of a   presidential forum on Wednesday received an onslaught of poor reviews, there was one select group of television journalists whose reaction ran along simpler lines: Gulp. For the anchors chosen to preside over this fall’s presidential debates, the excoriation of Mr. Lauer was a   call signaling what modern viewers now expect from a moderator  —   and a stark example of how media figures can become partisan flash points in a   election. On Friday, for the second straight day, aides to Hillary Clinton accused Mr. Lauer of being unfair to their candidate, blasting out a   email saying he “let Donald Trump walk all over him. ” Borrowing a page from Mr. Trump’s   playbook, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign asked supporters to donate because “we have to do what the press won’t. ” Conservative websites like Breitbart News portrayed the attacks on Mr. Lauer as a   pressure tactic, saying that the criticism could encourage future moderators to go easier on Mrs. Clinton  —   and be tougher on her opponent. Mr. Trump, for his part, declared at a rally, “I thought Matt Lauer did a very good job. ” All this foreshadows more scrutiny, and perhaps anxiety, for the debate moderators  —   Anderson Cooper of CNN, Lester Holt of NBC, Martha Raddatz of ABC and Chris Wallace of Fox News  —   whose encounters with the candidates could draw record audiences. Mr. Wallace, asked on Fox News this week if he was excited or nervous about his debate gig, flashed a sly smile. “The answer is yes,” he replied dryly. His fellow moderators have not discussed their preparations. But Bob Schieffer, the veteran CBS anchor who moderated presidential debates in 2004, 2008 and 2012, said in an interview that several had reached out to him for counsel. Citing professional decorum, he declined to name names, but said they had expressed variations on the same joke: What have I gotten myself into here? “It’s different from the kind of scrutiny that I’ve gotten,” Mr. Schieffer said, referring to the glaring spotlight on this year’s moderators. “It’s just exponentially more. ” Mr. Wallace raised eyebrows after saying that he did not consider    —   or “” in his words  —   to be a central component of his moderating role. His comments circulated again in the days after what was arguably Mr. Lauer’s most memorable misstep, when he failed to challenge Mr. Trump’s false claim that he had opposed the Iraq war. The notion of a moderator as a   “is too simplistic,” said the Rev. John I. Jenkins, the president of the University of Notre Dame and a board member of the Commission on Presidential Debates, the nonpartisan group that oversees the events. “What a good journalist does is ask   questions that challenge the candidate to explain. ” “The moderator can’t do it all the onus falls on us a little bit, as the body politic,” to determine if a candidate is plausible, he added. “The moderator can make a mistake by being the voice of God, saying, ‘Here’s the way it is. ’” He said he did not watch the NBC forum. But he added that the commission had sought out moderators who would facilitate a civil and sober discussion  —   “It sounds a little moralizing, but I’m a priest, so indulge me,” he said  —   in contrast with what he considered flashier, less substantive debates during the primaries.     is an increasingly visible tool of the modern political press, particularly in a     campaign where candidates frequently bend facts and audiences often rely on partisan news outlets to interpret them. There is also the presence of Mr. Trump, a candidate who freely dissembles in a manner rarely seen in a presidential campaign. Still, Mr. Schieffer, of CBS, said he believed that “the chief   should be the candidates. ” “If one of them says something wrong, or inconsistent with what they have said previously, the other candidate should have the first opportunity to call them on it,” Mr. Schieffer said. Failing that, he added, “it’s the moderator’s responsibility to set the record straight. ” Mr. Lauer spoke with Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump    so he could not rely on the candidate’s opponent to jump in to contradict a dubious claim. Asked about Mr. Lauer’s performance, Mr. Schieffer demurred, saying, “I’m not in the habit of piling on. ” Others were less shy in the wake of the broadcast. Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, speaking at the Capitol, expressed annoyance at what they saw as Mr. Lauer’s lackluster attempt to hold Mr. Trump accountable for some of his more unusual comments. “He missed the whole boat,” Mr. Rangel said, referring to Mr. Lauer. Jennifer Palmieri, Mrs. Clinton’s communications director, contacted NBC News executives to discuss Wednesday’s forum, according to two people familiar with the discussion. Internally, the Clinton campaign believed the backlash against NBC could ultimately be beneficial, if the moderators of the coming debates are on eggshells about ensuring equal treatment and holding Mr. Trump to account. Mrs. Clinton, for her part, was already in a motorcade to her home in Chappaqua, N. Y. when Mr. Trump appeared with Mr. Lauer. While the Democratic nominee did not consider Mr. Lauer’s questions out of bounds, she did relish the subsequent coverage of the event that suggested Mr. Trump had gotten off easy, said a person familiar with her thinking. On Friday, the chairman of NBC News, Andrew Lack, sent an upbeat memo to his staff that declared the forum a success, noting that the event had generated days of headlines about Mr. Trump’s praise of the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and criticism of the American military leadership. “Matt did a tremendous job  —   driving one of the most serious discussions to date on these topics,” wrote Mr. Lack, who is close with Mr. Lauer. The pressure on NBC News, however, is not likely to relent: the network’s evening news anchor, Mr. Holt, is set to oversee the first presidential debate, set for Sept. 26 at Hofstra University on Long Island. Mr. Schieffer, who at 79 has watched more than a  ’s worth of debates, said he had faith that this year’s moderators would be prepared. But, Mr. Schieffer added: “There won’t be a perfect debate. There hasn’t been one yet. ”",0
14322,"Biden Implies Trump Legitimized ‘Hate Speech,’ Rails Against ‘Forces of Populism’ - Breitbart","On Saturday, former Vice President Joe Biden railed against the “disorienting” and “disheartening” “forces of populism” at home and abroad and implied that Donald Trump legitimized “hate speech” during the 2016 presidential election.  Speaking at Cornell University’s Convocation ceremony, Biden conceded that “globalization has cost some” people their livelihoods” and that is why the last election proved that “playing to their fears rather than their hopes and better angels” can still be a “powerful political tool. ” He spoke about the “the forces of populism not only here but around the world” that called “to close our nation’s gates against the challenges of a rapidly changing world. ” Though he said the rise of populism was “disorienting” and “disheartening,” Biden argued that it was just a “temporary state of affairs. ” Biden then implied that Trump, in the last election, “churned up some of the ugliest realities that still remain in our country” along with the “coarsest rhetoric” and “darkest emotions. ” “I thought we had passed the days where it was acceptable for political leaders at local and national levels to bestow legitimacy on hate speech and fringe ideologies,” Biden said. He said since the “world is changing so rapidly, there are a lot of folks out there who both are afraid and susceptible to this kind of negative appeal. ” “The immigrant, the minority, the transgender —  anyone not like me became a scapegoat,” Biden said, again taking swipes at Trump without naming him. “Just build a wall. Keep Muslims from coming into the United States. ” He also urged the graduating seniors to “fight the urge to build a     and   echo chamber of yourself online. ” “Living in your screens encourages shallow and antiseptic relationships that make it too easy to reduce the other to stereotypes,” he said. Last week, Biden, who may decide to run for president in 2020 and would need strong support from black Democrats if he does indeed make a run at the White House, echoed similar themes when he addressed graduates of Morgan State University, a historically black college. Biden implied that Trump stoked “our darkest emotions” and added that “we saw just how much of a grip racism and sexism has on America” in the last election, “Even you were surprised that by the way racism was embraced as a political tool on a national level,” Biden told the students at the historically black college. Biden told the audience that “black lives do matter” and “it has to be said. I’m not being solicitous. ” The former vice president said last week that racism “is still deeply embedded in our culture” and spoke about racism in police departments, education, housing, and the hiring process. “No one has to tell you about the daily indignities of discrimination,” Biden said, telling the graduates that he knew they lived it in “subtle ways. ”",0
14323,College Classmate Reveals HORRIFIC Story Of Time Trump Hit His Son In The Face Inside Their Dorm,"November 4, 2016 College Classmate Reveals HORRIFIC Story Of Time Trump Hit His Son In The Face Inside Their Dorm   
Scott Melker is a Miami-based DJ who reportedly attended the University of Pennsylvania at the same time as one of the sons of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
Melker recently shared a disturbing story on Facebook in which he claims that Trump very casually physically assaulted Donald Trump Jr. in front of his classmates, as well as the troubling behaviors of Don Jr., who he described as “a drunk” who earned the nickname “Diaper Don.” Image via Facebook 
Before we get ahead of ourselves, we should, of course, take it for what it is worth. This is just one man’s account, and for all we know, Melker could have made the whole thing up. But Melker’s account doesn’t come across as exaggerated, the alleged interaction, while disturbing, seems very understated. 
And here’s what we do know about Trump. 
He has bragged on video about how he felt his “star” status gave him permission to routinely sexually assault random women by kissing them and grabbing their genitalia against their will. 
Trump has also been accused of committing numerous sexual assaults against women, including raping two young teenage girls. 
And according to his first wife, Trump did not have the best of relationships with his three oldest children. During a benefit a few weeks ago, Ivana Trump told the crowd that she “brought up the children singlehandedly. Donald wasn’t really interested in children until he could talk business with them.” 
With so many deep character flaws, it’s not exactly a stretch of the imagination that he would physically lash out as well. 
If this story turns out to be true, it could explain a lot about why Trump’s two oldest sons are the way they are, and it could foretell a very troubling future for Trump’s youngest son Barron, who is only 10 years old. 
Featured image via YouTube /Alex Wong/Getty Images) Share this Article!",0
14324,"Comment on ""What Hath Trump Wrought?"" by Pat Buchanan","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
“If I don’t win, this will be the greatest waste of time, money and energy in my lifetime,” says Donald Trump. 
Herewith, a dissent. Whatever happens Tuesday, Trump has made history and has forever changed American politics. 
Though a novice in politics, he captured the Party of Lincoln with the largest turnout of primary voters ever, and he has inflicted wounds on the nation’s ruling class from which it may not soon recover. 
Bush I and II, Mitt Romney, the neocons and the GOP commentariat all denounced Trump as morally and temperamentally unfit. Yet, seven of eight Republicans are voting for Trump, and he drew the largest and most enthusiastic crowds of any GOP nominee. 
Not only did he rout the Republican elites, he ash-canned their agenda and repudiated the wars into which they plunged the country. 
Trump did not create the forces that propelled his candidacy. But he recognized them, tapped into them, and unleashed a gusher of nationalism and populism that will not soon dissipate. 
Whatever happens Tuesday, there is no going back now. 
How could the Republican establishment advance anew the trade and immigration policies that their base has so thunderously rejected? 
How can the GOP establishment credibly claim to speak for a party that spent the last year cheering a candidate who repudiated the last two Republican presidents and the last two Republican nominees? 
Do mainstream Republicans think that should Trump lose a Bush Restoration lies ahead? The dynasty is as dead as the Romanovs. 
The media, whose reputation has sunk to Congressional depths, has also suffered a blow to its credibility. 
Its hatred of Trump has been almost manic, and WikiLeaks revelations of the collusion between major media and Clintonites have convinced skeptics that the system is rigged and the referees of democracy are in the tank. 
But it is the national establishment that has suffered most. 
The Trump candidacy exposed what seems an unbridgeable gulf between this political class and the nation in whose name it purports to speak. 
Consider the litany of horrors it has charged Trump with. 
He said John McCain was no hero, that some Mexican illegals are “rapists.” He mocked a handicapped reporter. He called some women “pigs.” He wants a temporary ban to Muslim immigration. He fought with a Gold Star mother and father. He once engaged in “fat-shaming” a Miss Universe, calling her “Miss Piggy,” and telling her to stay out of Burger King. He allegedly made crude advances on a dozen women and starred in the “Access Hollywood” tape with Billy Bush. 
While such “gaffes” are normally fatal for candidates, Trump’s followers stood by him through them all. 
Why? asks an alarmed establishment. Why, in spite of all this, did Trump’s support endure? Why did the American people not react as they once would have? Why do these accusations not have the bite they once did? 
Answer. We are another country now, an us-or-them country. 
Middle America believes the establishment is not looking out for the nation but for retention of its power. And in attacking Trump it is not upholding some objective moral standard but seeking to destroy a leader who represents a grave threat to that power. 
Trump’s followers see an American Spring as crucial, and they are not going to let past boorish behavior cause them to abandon the last best chance to preserve the country they grew up in. 
These are the Middle American Radicals, the MARs of whom my late friend Sam Francis wrote. 
They recoil from the future the elites have mapped out for them and, realizing the stakes, will overlook the faults and failings of a candidate who holds out the real promise of avoiding that future. 
They believe Trump alone will secure the borders and rid us of a trade regime that has led to the loss of 70,000 factories and 5 million manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. They believe Trump is the best hope for keeping us out of the wars the Beltway think tanks are already planning for the sons of the “deplorables” to fight. 
Moreover, they see the establishment as the quintessence of hypocrisy. Trump is instructed to stop using such toxic phrases as “America First” and “Make America Great Again” by elites who think 55 million abortions since Roe is a milestone of moral progress. 
And what do they have in common with a woman who thinks partial-birth abortion, which her predecessor in the Senate, Pat Moynihan, called “infanticide,” is among the cherished “reproductive rights” of women? 
While a Trump victory would create the possibility of a coalition of conservatives, populists, patriots and nationalists governing America, should he lose, America’s future appears disunited and grim. 
But, would the followers of Donald Trump, whom Hillary Clinton has called “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic … bigots,” to the cheers of her media retainers, unite behind her should she win? 
No. Win or lose, as Sen. Edward Kennedy said at the Democratic Convention of 1980, “The work goes on, the cause endures.” 
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.” 
Copyight 2016 Creators.com.",0
14325,"Along the Autism Spectrum, a Path Through Campus Life - The New York Times","BOWLING GREEN, Ky.  —   Crosby J. Gardner has never had a girlfriend. Now 20 and living for the first time in a dorm here at Western Kentucky University, he has designed a   experiment to find her. He ticks off the math. Two meals a day at the student dining hall, three courses per meal. Girls make up 57 percent of the 20, 068 students. And so, he sums up,   eyes triumphant, if he sits at a table with at least four new girls for every course, he should be able to meet all 11, 439 by graduation. “I’m Crosby Gardner!” he announces each time he descends upon a fresh group, trying out the   script he had practiced in the university’s autism support program. “What is your name and what is your major?” The first generation of college students with an autism diagnosis is fanning out to campuses across the country. These growing numbers reflect the sharp rise in diagnosis rates since the 1990s, as well as the success of   interventions and efforts to include these students in mainstream activities. But while these young adults have opportunities that could not have been imagined had they been born even a decade earlier, their success in college is still a long shot. Increasingly, schools are realizing that most of these students will not graduate without comprehensive support like the Kelly Autism Program at Western Kentucky. Similar programs have been taking root at nearly 40 colleges around the country, including large public institutions like Eastern Michigan University, California State University, Long Beach, the University of Connecticut and Rutgers. For decades, universities have provided academic safety nets to students with physical disabilities and learning challenges like dyslexia. But students on the autism spectrum need a web of support that is far more nuanced and complex. Their presence on campus can be jarring. Mr. Gardner will unloose monologues  —   unfiltered,   and repetitive  —   that can set professors’ teeth on edge and lead classmates to snicker. When agitated, another student in Western Kentucky’s program calms himself by pacing, flapping his hands, then facing a corner, bumping his head four times and muttering. One young woman, lost on her way to class and not knowing how to ask for directions, had a   panic attack, shaking and sobbing violently. Autism affects the brain’s early development of social and communication skills. A diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder can encompass an array of people, from the moderately impaired and intellectually nimble like Mr. Gardner, a junior majoring in biochemistry, to adults with the cognitive ability of   . Until 2013, students who could meet college admission criteria would most likely have received a diagnosis of Asperger’s syndrome, which has since been absorbed into autism spectrum disorder. The social challenges of people on the spectrum can impede their likelihood of thriving not only in college, but also after graduation. Counselors in programs like Western Kentucky’s not only coach students who struggle to read social cues, but also serve as advocates when misreadings go terribly awry, such as not recognizing the rebuff of a sexual advance. When a professor complains about a student who interrupts lectures with a harangue, Michelle Elkins, who directs the Western Kentucky program, will retort: “I am not excusing his behavior. I am explaining his brain function. ” At suppertime, the dining hall at Western Kentucky’s student union is crowded, clamorous and brightly lit. Students in the Kelly program, who often have sensory hypersensitivities as well as social discomfort, usually prefer eating alone in their rooms. But one night this fall, some gathered for a weekly dinner with peer mentors  —   students hired by the program to be tutors and social guides. The Kelly students tentatively approached a meeting place in the lobby. As they recognized their mentors among the milling crowd, relief flooded their faces. The meal began awkwardly. One Kelly student buried himself in a textbook. Another gazed around the dining hall, humming. Gradually, the mentors drew them out. How was your day? Have you tried any clubs? Jacob, a freshman from Tennessee who is in a Chinese immersion curriculum and asked that his last name not be used to protect his family’s privacy, said he had joined the French, Spanish and German clubs. “When do you sleep?” I inquired with a smile. A few mentors laughed appreciatively. Jacob looked puzzled. “I don’t get the humor in that question,” he said. When the topic shifted to a social event coming up at the center  —   a video game party  —   conversational   was guaranteed. Even so, as various games were suggested, the dinner table exchanges were more proclamation than conversation: “In my opinion, Pokémon Go is a stupid idea,” Mr. Gardner shouted. Ms. Elkins fixed him with a look. “Good you added, ‘in my opinion,’ Crosby,” she said. The autism program’s home, a    clinical education building at the edge of the university, is a peaceful, dimly lit haven from the churning campus. The 45 undergraduates in the program spend three hours a day here, four days a week. They study, meeting with tutors, and confer with counselors and a psychologist to review myriad mystifying daily encounters. The counselors maintain ties with dorm supervisors, professors and the career center, mediating misunderstandings. By 2019, the program, which started with three students a little over a decade ago, anticipates being able to admit 77 students. Like most such programs on other campuses, it charges a fee W. K. U. ’s is $5, 000 a semester, much of which may be covered by federal vocational rehabilitation funds. In addition to shoring up academic and organizational skills, the program aims to ease students into the social flow of campus. This year, group discussions will tackle topics that include sex and dating. Some of these students have enough   to feel the excruciating loneliness of exclusion. “One student told me, ‘I was so excited about college because I hear you don’t get bullied there, and I don’t know what that’s like,’” said Sarah   the program’s manager. Others remain relatively oblivious to the social world surging around them. Impulse control is an issue for many of these students: They will stand up and abruptly leave class. Some need reminders about basic hygiene. Because having a roommate can be unnerving, most have single rooms in the dorms. But they all have the requisite academic ability: Before applying to the support program, they must be admitted by the university. Some are exceptionally bright. “I have a 4. 0 G. P. A. but David leaves me behind in the dust,” Liz Ramey, 19, a student mentor, said of David Merdian, a Kelly sophomore who studies mathematical economics with a concentration in actuarial science. With the program’s help, some of the students, most of whom are male, can enter the   university directly from high school. Others first try community college. After Kaley Miller graduated from high school, relatives, who did not believe she could live independently, put her in a group home and then a residential home with elderly adults, where she spent her days doing factory piecework. Finally, at a psychiatrist’s suggestion, Ms. Miller’s parents decided to let her try a college that provided support for students on the spectrum. When she moved into a W. K. U. dorm, Ms. Miller, 24, a junior and a meticulous art student, reacted in wonderment. “There were so many people my age and everyone was so normal,” she said. In 2012, Andy Arnold, who was given an autism spectrum diagnosis as a child, enrolled as a freshman at Western Kentucky. “It was terrifying,” he recalled. “I was anxious and went off my meds. I’d forget to shower and brush my teeth. I would do rituals, like walking around outside the dorm. I kept grabbing at the back of my neck. “I started skipping classes. I didn’t really know how to study, so I fell behind quickly. I ate too much. I behaved irrationally to people. ” He dropped out. He lived at home, taking online courses for a few years, then reapplied to W. K. U. Now 23, he is back at school  —   and this time, he is in the autism support program. “I feel less panicky,” Mr. Arnold said. “I like getting to know people here at the center. We have something in common. ” It is hard to know how many students with autism attend   schools. A 2012 study in the journal Pediatrics found that about 50, 000 teenagers with the diagnosis turn 18 each year and 34. 7 percent attend college. Without support, though, few graduate. That is in part because many students with an autism diagnosis do not step forward, fearing stigma. Some experts speculate that for every college student on the spectrum who identifies himself or herself with a diagnosis, there may be two more who are undisclosed. But as the growth of the   neurodiversity movement prompts people on the spectrum to define themselves as different but not deficient, more students are emerging from the shadows. The Bridges to Adelphi program at Adelphi University in Garden City, N. Y. serves about 100 students with autism. At the University of Texas in Dallas, 450 students with the diagnosis have registered for services with the Student AccessAbility office. Their presence on campuses is also a testament to the tenacity of families and disability advocates who, since the 1990s, when awareness of autism began to mushroom, have pressed for earlier diagnoses and interventions. Much of that battle unfolded in public secondary schools, leading to more services. Over the last decade, officials at mainstream universities began realizing that growing numbers of spectrum students were being admitted  —   and, like Mr. Arnold, were foundering. It was one thing for administrators to authorize accommodations like extra time on tests for students with dyslexia or attention deficit disorder. But how should they bolster students whose behavior was the primary expression of the disability  —   who could not stop shouting out answers in class and feared dorm showers? And so the new autism support programs vary in emphasis. Some are based in disability resource centers, while others are in mental health offices, focusing on social skills and anxiety reduction. “Our mission is to help them transition into the university, be successful here, and then transition out of the university to be successful in adult life,” said Pamela Lubbers, who directs one of the country’s most structured, coordinated programs, with 17 students, at   Brunswick. Ms. Lubbers meets weekly with students, working them through a standardized “to do” checklist to help them identify   tasks to feel less overwhelmed, review their goals (“Describe the best social interactions you had this week”) and  . (“You think you left your I. D. on the campus bus. What steps will you take to find or replace it? ”) But even with support, these students often need extra time to graduate. Indeed, many do not make it that far. Some crumble under academic and organizational stress. Others succumb to campus allures like alcohol and drugs. And others are expelled on sexual harassment grounds. They are so eager to fit in that they may, for example, comply with the demands of a bully who says, “ ‘I’ll be your friend and go to dinner with you every night next week if you kiss that girl,’” said Jane Thierfeld Brown, who consults with families and colleges about supporting students on the spectrum. But with support, there are also those, like Ryan Hodges, who surpass expectations. Mr. Hodges received his diagnosis at age 4. “In high school did we know he’d go to college? No,” said his father, Jeff, a Nashville businessman. “Did we hope? Yes. ” They set their sights on W. K. U. because of the program. Now 23, Ryan has grown immeasurably in social confidence, his father said, and is on track to graduate at the end of this semester. Whether they are prepared for the next transition remains an open question. Most programs do not keep tabs on their students after graduation. Despite the career coaching offered for Kelly students, some still cannot present themselves well in job interviews. Living at home again, unemployed, they may regress. “The goal is not necessarily a college degree but becoming an independent, successful adult,” Dr. Brown said. “And a bachelor’s degree doesn’t guarantee that. ” Still, many graduates from Western Kentucky’s program are employed. Mrs.   who stays in touch with some through social media, mentions one who works in film, others in technology, some in retail, and another who is applying for graduate school in physics. What about their social lives? Mrs.   paused and looked at her lap. “Sometimes I’m too scared to ask,” she said. Always with an eye toward life after college, the program encourages students to learn practical skills. Hence Western Kentucky’s weekly trip to Walmart. One recent Friday afternoon, Mrs.   drove seven students in the program’s van, which resounded with cheerful non sequiturs. “I don’t mean to be rude but could you not talk now?” one student told another. “Your voice is very loud in my head!” Mrs.   pulled into the parking lot and nudged the students out of the van. They ambled toward the store, blithely indifferent to incessantly roaming cars. Then she waved and drove off, leaving them to tackle the Walmart Supercenter on their own. In a frenzy, the group scattered. Some boys barreled up and down aisles, flinging items at random into their clattering shopping carts. Essentials: Twix. Strawberry Twizzlers. Doughnuts. Frosted cookies.   of Coke. Slippers. Napkins. Pokémon cards. More Pokémon cards. One boy decided he wanted to reheat chicken wings in his dorm. He needed a baking tin. But that meant locating the cookware aisle. Which meant finding an employee, then asking for directions. Scary! Checking out was another challenge. For the students’ entire lives, their purchases had been paid for by adults. Now they were peering at register totals, fumbling for credit cards, swiping and swiping, then attempting the chip system, one way and then the other, forgetting PINs. Over all, they did just fine. They reassembled outside, sweating and smiling, surrounded by the fruits of their considerable shopping labors. Ms. Ramey, the student mentor, picked them up. On the drive back to school, the students toggled between yakking about their shopping victories and falling silent, drained. Ms. Ramey pulled up to their dorms, one by one. One by one, they unloaded their bags and, without so much as a “thank you” or even “goodbye,” set off. “Have a good weekend!” she kept prompting. Startled, each boy looked back at the car, bewildered. Another missed social cue? Oh, right! Jolted, some remembered to smile, and even to wave farewell.",0
14326,Donald Trump Embraces Wider Use of Stop-and-Frisk by Police - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump on Wednesday called for the broad use of the contentious    policing strategy in America’s cities, embracing an aggressive tactic whose legality has been challenged and whose enforcement has been abandoned in New York. His support for the polarizing   policy  —   which involves officers’ questioning and searching pedestrians  —   collides with his highly visible courtship of   who have been disproportionately singled out by the tactic, data show. For Mr. Trump, the timing was especially inauspicious: It came as police shootings of black people were once again drawing scrutiny and protest. Mr. Trump has long championed    as a   tool in his hometown, New York, but on Wednesday he recommended that it be deployed in cities across the country that are struggling to control violence. It was the latest twist in Mr. Trump’s awkward, and at times counterproductive, outreach to black voters, who polls suggest remain deeply skeptical of him  —   and it occurred right after a prominent black supporter, Don King, used a racial epithet as he introduced Mr. Trump at a church in Cleveland Heights, Ohio. As Mr. King, the retired boxing promoter, sought to explain how society unfairly categorizes   he referred to a “dancing and sliding and gliding nigger,” before quickly correcting himself. “I mean Negro,” he said as Mr. Trump looked on a few feet behind him, grinning. Mr. Trump described his enthusiasm for    during a town   discussion, also in Cleveland Heights, after a voter pressed him on how he would reduce violence in black communities. “One of the things I’d do,” he said, “is I would do   . I think you have to. We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well and you have to be proactive. ” The largely white audience erupted into applause.  During the event, hosted by Fox News, Mr. Trump suggested that    would work well in cities like Chicago, which has been convulsed by gun violence, and Cleveland. “I see what’s going on here, I see what’s going on in Chicago,” Mr. Trump said before praising the technique again as “incredible. ” Black leaders reacted swiftly and harshly. “The idea of creating a national    policy is the equivalent of advancing martial law and is beyond the constitutional power of the presidency,” Marc H. Morial, president of the National Urban League, said in an email. In New York, Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has overseen the dismantling of    as official police policy, said what Mr. Trump was proposing “will simply alienate the very people who we need to be partners in the fight against crime. ” “He does not understand how policing works,” added Mr. de Blasio, a Democrat who is supporting Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump’s Democratic rival for president.    has become a source of enormous tension between police officers and black residents in the cities that have deployed it as a   tool. Once credited with significantly reducing murders in urban centers like New York by removing weapons and drugs from the street, it has drawn protests and legal challenges. A federal judge in New York, Shira A. Scheindlin, struck down the tactic as unconstitutional in 2013, saying the way the city was using it violated the rights of minorities. About 83 percent of the stops in New York from 2004 to 2012 involved blacks and Hispanics, even though those two groups make up just slightly more than 50 percent of the city’s residents. Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg appealed the judge’s ruling, but after Mr. de Blasio took office the Police Department repudiated the strategy and stopped using it. Mr. de Blasio, who dropped the appeal, has called it a “broken policy. ” Similar complaints dogged the use of    in Chicago, prompting the Police Department to make an unusual concession: It now allows an independent third party to monitor its use. Mr. Trump remains an unabashed fan of the tactic and has glossed over the legal and racial objections to its use for years. In 2013, after Judge Scheindlin’s ruling, Mr. Trump took issue with those who would end the strategy. “NYC politicians better stop pandering  —   ending stop  frisk would be a disaster,” he wrote on Twitter. As a presidential candidate, Mr. Trump has repeatedly praised the procedure as a proven approach for reducing crime, holding up New York City’s experience as an example. “   is a very positive thing,” he said a few weeks ago. Mr. Trump is drawing historically low support from   according to several polls, and he has repeatedly stumbled in his attempts to appeal to them. He earned ridicule a few weeks ago when he told blacks that “you’re living in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs, 58 percent of your youth is unemployed  —   what the hell do you have to lose?” Wednesday was a chance for Mr. Trump to try a different approach, by speaking to black pastors. When asked about recent police shootings of black people in Tulsa, Okla. and Charlotte, N. C. he even seemed to fault the officer in the Tulsa case, saying, “I don’t know what she was thinking, but I’m very, very troubled by that. ” But Mr. Trump’s choice of the    Mr. King to introduce him was unusual: Mr. King was convicted of manslaughter in 1966, though he was later pardoned he has been investigated for possible connections to organized crime and he has no political experience. He is best known for promoting many of boxing’s   matches, like the 1974 “Rumble in the Jungle” between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in Zaire. Standing at the pulpit in the New Spirit Revival Center in Cleveland Heights on Wednesday morning, Mr. King quickly veered off course as he recalled conversations in which he counseled black celebrities about the realities of race in America. “I told Michael Jackson, I said, ‘If you are poor, you are a poor Negro  —   I would use the N word  —   if you are rich, you are a rich Negro,’ ” Mr. King said. It was then that he seemed to slip up. “If you are a talented intellectual, you are an intellectual Negro. If you are a dancing and sliding and gliding nigger, I mean Negro,” he said, as he chuckled briefly and those in the racially mixed crowd laughed nervously around him. A smile remained fixed on Mr. Trump’s face. Beyond the walls of the church, reaction to the use of such an offensive word was quick and unforgiving. Barbara J. Holloway, 70, from Decatur, Ga. who is black, said Mr. King was “just playing into stereotypes and things that have hurt us in the past. ” “Instead of him trying to bring us forward and be positive in front of Trump, he is trying to take us back,” she said. It was, she added, “out of line completely. ” A few hours later, Mrs. Holloway was frustrated but not surprised to hear what Mr. Trump had said about   . “To me, it’s like you would be losing your freedom,” she said. “We already don’t have much value, it seems, and then now they want to say: ‘O. K. ma’am. Put your purse down. I think you got dope.’ They would have no reason to stop and frisk me. ” She added, “I expect nothing from Donald Trump that is really going to help me as a black American. ”",0
14327,Sarah Palin Goes BALLISTIC After Reporter Asks Her To Pre-Write A Reaction To Clinton Victory,"  
Since Sarah Palin is like herpes and will never quite go away, people in the media still seem interested in her and her famous word salads. For whatever reason (trolling?), the Washington Post recently asked the quitting snow grifter to write an op-ed piece on the significance of Hillary Clinton being picked as the first woman president should she win the Nov. 8 election. Palin was among a number of women invited to write pieces reflecting, in some personal way, on the meaning and significance of the election of the first woman as president. 
“Obviously, a Clinton victory is not assured,” cautioned Michael Larabee, the op-ed editor for the Washington Post . “But we’re hoping to gather the essays in advance so we can share them quickly if she is elected.” 
This is when the verbal diarrhea really hit the floor. She took her word salad game to new heights : 
Media mocks Trump’s “rigged election” warning to its own peril. 
More evidence in my inbox, this time from the Washington Post requesting I write an op-ed commemorating their coronation of Hillary – 10 days from now. This is hilarious! 
Good ol’ reliable WaPo – continuing its embarrassing fail that’s reminiscent of their forced correction after irresponsibly, absurdly claiming I joined Al Jazera; announcing to the world their goal was to not mention my name in print for an entire month (oh, what a blessed month that was!) and relentlessly suggesting my (and other Conservatives) irrelevancy in national discourse – assuming I’d participate in their in-the-tank shenanigans for the Globalists. 
No, Mr. WaPo Editor, can’t say I’m interested in writing for you. But I’d love a copy of your pre-printed post-election edition shipped to me in Alaska. Your bold “Clinton Defeats Trump” headline will be framed right next to another old rag we’re all familiar with… 
There has to be a statute of limitation on the victim card, which Sarah has been using for 8 years. Ever since she lost, it’s been one aggrevieved statement after another. Now she is doing double duty: Falsely claiming the Washington Post is “coronating” Hillary (they weren’t) and falsely claiming they are out to get her (they aren’t). 
Featured image via screen capture Share this Article!",0
14328,"Both Feeling Threatened, American Muslims and Jews Join Hands - The New York Times","NORTH BRUNSWICK, N. J.  —   Jolted into action by a wave of hate crimes that followed the election victory of Donald J. Trump, American Muslims and Jews are banding together in a surprising new alliance. They are putting aside for now their divisions over Israel to join forces to resist whatever may come next. New groups are forming, and interfaith coalitions that already existed say interest is increasing. Vaseem Firdaus, a Muslim who has lived in the United States for 42 years, spent Friday night at a Shabbat dinner for members of a women’s group called the Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom, in a home here filled with Jewish art and ritual objects. Until Mr. Trump was elected president, Ms. Firdaus, who is 56 and a manufacturing manager at Exxon Mobil, felt secure living as a Muslim in America. She has a daughter who is a doctor and a son who is an engineer, and she recently traveled to Tampa with her husband looking to buy a vacation home. But Mr. Trump’s victory has shaken her sense of comfort and security. After joining in blessings over   challah and sparkling grape juice (instead of wine, out of consideration for the Muslims) Ms. Firdaus talked with four Jewish women she had never met before, balancing plates of Indian food on their laps. They found that the spate of hate crimes and the ominous talk by Mr. Trump or his advisers about barring Muslims from entering the country and registering those living here had caused all of them to think about Germany in the years before the Holocaust. “When did you know it was time to leave?” Ms. Firdaus asked one woman who had just recounted how her relatives had fled the Nazis. “The ones that didn’t leave are the ones who went to Auschwitz. ” The Jewish women tried to convince her that they would not let it come to that. “If Muslims have to register, we’re all going to register,” said Mahela   who is helping to build the first West Coast chapter of the Sisterhood in Santa Barbara, Calif. “You’ve got to believe it, sister. ” Groups are reaching out not just to clergy members, but also to laypeople, including business executives, students and women. Jonathan Greenblatt, the chief executive of the   League, said in a recent interview: “Jews know what it means to be identified and tagged, to be registered and pulled aside. It evokes very deep emotions in the Jewish community. ” Mr. Greenblatt received a standing ovation when he declared at his organization’s conference in Manhattan last month that if Muslims were ever forced to register, “that is the day that this proud Jew will register as a Muslim. ” “All of us have heard the story of the Danish king who said if his country’s Jews had to wear a gold star,” he said, “all of Denmark would, too. ” Nearly 500 Muslim and Jewish women, many wearing head scarves and skullcaps, gathered on Sunday at Drew University in Madison, N. J. in what organizers said was the largest such meeting ever held in the United States. It was the third annual conference of the Sisterhood of Salaam Shalom, a   group that now claims 50 chapters in more than 20 states. The first conference two years ago drew only 100 people. The women spread out inside an enormous sports complex and met in clusters to study sacred texts on the racquetball courts, practice   techniques in the dance studio and, in the bleachers, discuss how to talk to friends whose impression of Islam had been shaped entirely by news of terrorist attacks. Over lunch and in the hallways, they traded stories about the latest ugly outbreaks back home: a brick thrown through the window of a   restaurant in Kansas, apartments of Muslim families in Virginia hit with eggs and graffiti, swastikas scrawled on synagogues and in a playground in New York. Sisterhood chapters keep track of the incidents on their Facebook pages and other social media. “Ignorance is one of the key triggers of hate,” said Sheryl Olitzky, the group’s executive director, in her opening remarks. “We need to show the world that we are Americans. We are here because we love each other and we’re overcoming hate. ” Ms. Olitzky, a marketing executive whose husband and two sons are rabbis, started the first Sisterhood women’s meeting in New Jersey six years ago on the theory that “women navigate the world through relationships. ” She baked the challah and hosted the Shabbat dinner on Friday night at her home. The Sisterhood is one of several groups expanding their work on   relations: The Foundation for Ethnic Understanding started an initiative to elevate Muslim condemnations of terrorism, which are often ignored by the news media. The   League is increasing its work against   bigotry. “It’s the Trump effect,” said Imam Abdullah Antepli, the chief representative on Muslim affairs at Duke University, who attended the women’s conference with his wife. “I see the Muslim community even more eager to reach out and to put aside the grievances of the past. ” The most prominent new initiative is a   Advisory Council whose   are Fortune 500 chief executives: Farooq Kathwari, of the furniture company Ethan Allen, who is Muslim, and Stanley Bergman, of the medical products distributor Henry Schein, who is Jewish. The council, which was forming as Mr. Trump’s campaign was gaining steam, includes both Democrats and Republicans. It was created by leaders of the American Jewish Committee and the Islamic Society of North America in an effort to have influence on public policy. The group intends to oppose a registry, support immigrants and refugees, and push for accommodating religious practices in the workplace. Despite the new cooperation, tensions over Israel continue to flare up. Several Jewish groups, including the   League, recently declared their opposition to a bid by Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota, who is a Muslim, to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee, because of critical statements he has made about Israel. And the embrace of Muslims is hardly universal. A few Jewish groups have applauded Mr. Trump’s hard line on Muslims, and cheered his choice of Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn to be national security adviser. The retired general has called Islam “a cancer” and a “political ideology” masquerading as a faith. The selection of General Flynn prompted the usually stoic Ms. Firdaus to rethink her situation. She abandoned the plan to buy a vacation home in Tampa, or anywhere in the United States, at least for now. Instead, she and her family will spend Christmas vacation in Toronto, where they intend to open a bank account and look for a condominium to buy  —   just in case they have to flee. Attending the Sisterhood conference on Sunday, however, Ms. Firdaus said she was feeling a bit more optimistic. She was surrounded by Jews who pledged not to abandon Muslims. Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, brought the women to their feet cheering with stories of how in history’s darkest times, love had conquered hate. “Sitting here makes you feel it’s really not so hopeless. This is food for the soul,” Ms. Firdaus said. “But there were 60 million people who voted for Trump. I’m not ready to leave, but you have to have a plan. ”",0
14329,The Ossetians: From Nomads and Warriors to the Artists of the Caucasus - Anastasia Stepanova,"Taming the corporate media beast The Ossetians: From Nomads and Warriors to the Artists of the Caucasus 
A people that miraculously survived in the mountains after the Tatar-Mongolian invasions of the Middle Ages, today the Ossetians are renowned for being the creative intelligentsia of the Caucasus and the custodians of an unusual form of Christianity   RBTH 
For Alik Pagayev, an Ossetian who manages a troupe at the Narty Theater in Vladikavkaz, creativity is in the blood of his people. 
”I was born in a mountain village and we had this joke: 'Throw a balalaika out of your window, anyone who catches it can play it,” he says. 
Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia’s southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the “Caucasian St. Petersburg.” No other city in the North Caucasus has so many creative people: artists, photographers, designers and performers. 
Creative abilities, however, are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. Creative abilities are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Alik Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. Source: Anastasia Stepanova 
Open-mindedness to new cultures 
The Ossetians are descended from Iranian-speaking nomads – the Scythians and the Sarmatians. In historical writings from the 2nd century A.D. these tribes were known for their serious military and political might. 
By the 11th century A.D. the medieval kingdom of Alania had been established in the region. Its inhabitants were famous for their military skills: The main army consisted of the cavalry. Despite their glorious reputation, the Alans could not fight off the Tatar-Mongolian invasion and in the 14th century they were practically destroyed as a people. Only few hundred Alans remained in the mountains. However, the nation managed to survive and later it successfully assimilated in Russia. 
According to a 2010 census, today there are almost 700,000 Ossetians in the world, most of whom live in Russia. Most Ossetians live in North Ossetia (459,600 people), while in Moscow there are 7,900 Ossetians and in St. Petersburg slightly over 3,000. 
While 45,900 Ossetians live in the disputed territory of South Ossetia (recognized by just three nations, with the rest of the world continuing to see it as part of Georgia), they also live in Russia’s other Caucasian republics. In Kabardino-Balkaria there are more than 9,000 Ossetians, in the Stavropol Territory there are almost 8,000 and there is even a separate Ossetian village in Karachay-Cherkessia with 3,100 inhabitants. There are also Ossetian diasporas in other countries. In Turkey the fraternity counts 37,000 members and in Georgia – 14,300 outside South Ossetia. 
”The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,” explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. osetia_woman_working.jpg ”The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.” Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
”The Ossetians perceived these changes as a salvation since it is difficult to survive in the mountains and the intelligentsia understood that it was important to develop. A step towards Russia implied opportunity. Back then many Ossetians went to study in St. Petersburg. That is how this place acquired many artists, sculptors and then its own influential art school, its own distinguishing style,” she said. 
In her view, such open-mindedness to new cultures is also a national trait. ”The reason lies in religion. The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.” 
Pies, beer and offerings to the gods 
Actually, the Christianity found in the republic is not entirely traditional. Pagan beliefs are also strong here. The Ossetians have dozens of popular religious celebrations with various rituals. There are symbolic peace sacrifices, for example, slaughtering a chicken or a sheep for guests at a feast. 
The famous Ossetian national pies are sacred food. These round, thin pies with meat, cheese and potatoes in the Ossetian worldview represent the sun. During a holiday each family places three pies on the table. They also have local breweries. anna_kabisova_b.jpg ”The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,” explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. Anna Kabisova 
For many occasions women brew beer according to the national recipe. The Ossetians have their own Oktoberfest. Each October Vladikavkaz holds an Ossetian beer festival/competition, to which Ossetians come from Russia and other countries. The drink, in its aspect and taste, is similar tokvas, the Russian malt drink, and is around 1.5-2 percent alcohol. 
The beer is brewed in a large cauldron over a fire. Its main ingredients are the typical ones: hops, malt. But there are also special ones such as lamb ribs and sugar – there are many different recipes. 
Not merchants 
”Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,” says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. ""The Ossetians don't have an entrepreneurial spirit. We have many talented artists, good athletes, especially in freestyle wrestling, horse breeders, but commerce is really not our thing.” ”Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,” says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
Pagayev also says that tolerance and tact are two other national traits. 
”I worked in [the neighboring republic of] Kabardino-Balkaria for three years and could not get used to the fact that they speak their national language. I would go to someone's house and they would speak their own language. I wouldn't understand anything and someone would have to translate the general meaning of the conversation. 
”In Ossetia it's not like that. If there’s even one guest among us, we speak Russian. A friend of mine from Chechnya would often visit us and once he heard people speaking Ossetian on a street in Vladikavkaz. He was surprised because he had thought that we always speak Russian.” vladikavkaz_lori- 39468-a6_b.jpg Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia’s southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the “Caucasian St. Petersburg.” Source: Lori/Legion-Media 
In fact, Pagayev explains, there are some young people who do not even know their national language, which he says is sad. 
”Our language must be preserved. At home my children speak only Ossetian. If I hear them speak Russian, I tell them, 'You'll speak Russian where you have to, but at home speak your native language,'” he says. 
Another important national trait is learning, he explains: ”People always wonder: A young guy from a remote mountain village goes to study in St. Petersburg or Moscow and in two years he fully integrates, speaks Russian without an accent and produces good results in his studies. This is an important trait. I think this is what helped our people survive the difficult times.”",0
14330,Sex Differences in the Right Tail of Cognitive Abilities: An Update and Cross Cultural Extension,"Matthew C. Makel et al., Science Direct, October 31, 2016 
Abstract 
Male–female ability differences in the right tail (at or above the 95th percentile) have been widely discussed for their potential role in achievement and occupational differences in adults. The present study provides updated male-female ability ratios from 320,000 7th grade students in the United States in the right tail (top 5%) through the extreme right tail (top 0.01%) from 2011 to 2015 using measures of math, verbal, and science reasoning. Additionally, the present study establishes male-female ability ratios in a sample of over 7000 7th grade students in the right tail from 2011 to 2015 in India. Results indicate that ratios in the extreme right tail of math ability in the U.S. have shrunk in the last 20 years (still favoring males) and remained relatively stable in the verbal domain (still favoring females). Similar patterns of male-female ratios in the extreme right tail were found in the Indian sample.",0
14331,No Change Expected for ESPN Political Agenda Despite Huge Subscriber Decline - Breitbart,"As more and more sports fans turn off ESPN to protest the network’s   social and political agenda, parent company Disney’s decision to extend current CEO Bob Iger’s contract through 2019 means the “world’s leader in sports entertainment” will continue on its merry way of alienating a large segment of Americans. [Breitbart reported in November that ESPN lost 3. 2 million subscribers in just over a year. Moreover, for the last few years the sports network has lost 300, 000 subscribers a month. In October alone, the beleaguered network lost 621, 000 subscribers.   The decision to keep Iger instead of moving in another direction, such as promoting COO Thomas Staggs to the spot, has a number of substantial business implications for ESPN. Awful Announcing reports: From the outside, at least, it seems like Iger is quite satisfied with ESPN’s leadership and with the network’s path on most fronts. Specifically, he’s regularly spoken about how important it is for ESPN to be in “skinny bundles” (including streaming options from Sling, DirecTV and more) and about ESPN’s forthcoming    offering. Those views wouldn’t necessarily be shared by a different CEO Staggs, for example, spoke much more about the importance of the traditional   bundle, so a Disney CEO with his views might focus more on that side, or conversely, another Disney CEO might want ESPN to quickly go into    in a larger way (standalone access to all ESPN content, including TV channels) rather than starting with the   light approach Iger seems to be promoting. Putting those circumstances aside, the crux of ESPN continuing on in its political and social agenda derives from the fact that Iger is a strident lifelong Democrat. One so committed, in fact, that the Disney stalwart   a Hillary Clinton fundraiser last summer along with   supporters such as entertainment Mogul Haim Saban, Chernin Group chairman and CEO Peter Chernin, and entertainment and sports executive Casey Wasserman.  To get an idea of Iger’s taste on social issues, one of his proposed “entertainment” ideas is a filmic version of Girls, a popular television show starring Lena Dunham. Somewhat surprisingly, and to the chagrin of many of his supporters and shareholders, Iger is serving on President Donald Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum council of CEOs. Iger agrees with Trump on shutting down certain tax loopholes and strongly supports lowering corporate tax rates (no surprise there).  Earlier this month, Iger reportedly defended his participation in Trump’s mastermind group, asserting, “I think there is an opportunity for me to express views that I think   …     are of value to the company and its shareholders. ” Insisting that he won’t be   Iger informs that he will be “adversarial to the view of the administration,” which includes “immigration. ” Yet, the CEO argues that claims asserting ESPN is politically slanted are “just a complete exaggeration. ” With that said, it looks like ESPN’s cable subscription downward spiral will persist as long as Iger remains as Disney’s top executive. ",0
14332,7 Congo Army Officers Charged With War Crimes in Massacre - The New York Times,"KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of Congo  —   Seven Congolese Army officers have been arrested and charged with war crimes after a video surfaced last month that appeared to show uniformed soldiers opening fire on a group of civilians in a massacre that left at least 13 people dead, the military’s auditor general said on Saturday. The video depicts a squad of soldiers gunning down a group of people, which included women and possibly children, in Congo’s   Province. Most of the victims were unarmed, though a few men appeared to be holding slingshots. Several analysts who saw the video said that it revealed a   massacre of civilians and that the video could be used as evidence of war crimes. “In connection with this video, we have found seven suspects, all are F. A. R. D. C. elements, who are currently in detention,” said the auditor general, Gen. Joseph Ponde Isambwa, using an abbreviation for the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The officers, he said, had been charged with several crimes including “war crime by murder, war crime by mutilation, war crimes by cruel inhuman and degrading treatment and denial of an offense committed by persons subject to military jurisdiction. ” Among those arrested was Sgt. Maj. Maneno Katembo, a rifleman who is believed to have recorded the video. Congo has a history of   atrocities, including gang rapes and the slaughtering of civilians. The government initially labeled the video a hoax, before reversing itself and ordering the officers’ arrest. The country is nearly lawless, and the government forces are known to be brutal, underpaid and among the most dreaded. On Monday, two United Nations officials  —   an American and a Swede  —   were kidnapped along with four Congolese also in   Province. On Saturday, the United Nations mission in Kinshasa released a statement expressing concern over reports of renewed fighting in the restive region.",0
14333,7 Conservative Classics Every American Should Read,"As the   movement continues to grow and expand in the Age of President Trump, a new generation of energized voters and young people will do well to arm themselves with the intellectual firepower of the giants upon whose shoulders today’s movement rests. [Here, then, are seven conservative classics that should be on every American’s bookshelf:  1. Ideas Have Consequences by Richard Weaver,  Originally published in 1948, Ideas Have Consequences foresaw the corrosive influences of moral and cultural relativism decades before the Left harnessed those forces to undermine Western civilization. One of America’s greatest conservative intellectuals and an esteemed   rhetorical scholar, Richard Weaver erected an intellectual fortress around Absolute Truth long before progressives mounted their frontal assault on notions of right versus wrong, good versus evil. 2. The Road to Serfdom by F. A. Hayek,  In the age of Bernie Sanders, today’s young generation of   socialists would do well to read Friedrich Hayek’s 1944 classic broadside against socialism, The Road to Serfdom. A member of the Austrian School of economics and a winner of the Nobel Prize in economics, Hayek warned of the totalitarian realities of socialism’s conceits. As he put it elsewhere: “A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers. ” 3. The Closing of the American Mind by Allan Bloom,  Long before   rioters sparked violence at UC Berkeley, a University of Chicago professor named Allan Bloom lit academia ablaze with this 1987 classic taking the professoriate to task for eroding higher education curriculum with progressive pablum. A staunch defender of the classical “canon” of great works every thinking person must read, Bloom explained how the intellectual corruption of the humanities and arts led to an erasure of students’ understanding of the proper moral order that undergirds Western Civilization. 4. A Choice Not an Echo by Phyllis Schlafly,  The late great matriarch of modern conservatism, Phyllis Schlafly, did more to advance and win the battle of ideas than many young conservatives understand. The tip of her intellectual spear, A Choice Not an Echo, reshaped the contours of American conservatism and has sold an astounding three million copies since its release over a   ago. The original   crusader, Schlafly’s book argued that conservatives must be willing to fight for a voice within the Republican Party’s establishment leadership and helped pave a path for Barry Goldwater’s nomination. 5. Capitalism and Freedom by Milton Friedman,  Nobel   economist Milton Friedman redefined the field of economics. In addition to being an intellectual titan, he was a sterling writer with a knack for distilling complex topics with wit and clarity. Any Nobel Prize winner who can string together a sentence like this deserves to be read: “If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there’d be a shortage of sand. ” 6. A Conflict of Visions by Thomas Sowell,  There are no “bad” Thomas Sowell books, so we could have easily recommended many of his other classics. But A Conflict of Visions crystalizes the stakes involved in the clash between conservative and progressive ideologies —  and how radically different outcomes are when one side prevails over the other. One of America’s most lucid conservative economists, Sowell’s book draws upon everything from Rousseau to Hobbes to Adam Smith to illustrate the intellectual impulses that drive conservatives and progressives to think and act the way they do. 7. Gulag Archipelago by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn,  Hailed as one of the greatest nonfiction books of the twentieth century, Gulag Archipelago is the   account of Soviet dissident Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn’s eight years spent as a prisoner inside the Russian gulags for criticizing Stalin and the Soviet Communist system in his private letters. A winner of the Nobel Prize in literature, Solzhenitsyn’s ability to combine lyrical prose with piercing reportage of communism’s moral horrors are virtually without equal.",0
14334,Is Hillary Clinton’s Entourage Involved In A Satanic Pedophile Ring?,"  Is Hillary Clinton’s Entourage Involved In A Satanic Pedophile Ring? Is Hillary Clinton’s Entourage Involved In A Satanic Pedophile Ring? Jean-Batave Poqueliche 
Jean-Batave is a martial artist from the viking stronghold of Normandy, France. He travels the world looking for new fighting techniques and new beautiful women. Eastern Europe taught him everything he knows and is his second home. His column runs every Thursday. November 8, 2016 News 
The latest batch of the Podesta emails shared by Wikileaks add a darker dimension (if it was even possible) to the sordid culture of corruption, lies and depravity that surrounds Hillary Clinton, explaining why the FBI has been calling her for quite some time now, the “Antichrist personified” . 
It is a possibility that Hellary’s clique attends and organizes Satanic rituals, involving mock-up scenes of cannibalism and sexual abuse involving children. 
One of the emails directed at Tony Podesta (John Podesta’s brother) contains the following sentence: 

“I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. 
Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining?” 
This really does not sounds like much until you discover the author of this invitation. She, who walks in the footsteps of the Beast 
This is the woman who sent the email, Marina Abramovic. Dressed in red and holding the skinned head of a dead goat, a clear reference to the occult character Baphomet 
There is proof that the Clinton Foundation directly transferred Abramovic ten thousand dollars in at least one instance for her “services.” Abramovic carving a pentagram in the flesh of her stomach with a blade to show her artistic side 
A self-proclaimed artist, Abramovic hails from Serbia and regularly organizes “performances” and events using what she calls “Spirit Cooking”. 
This “spirit cooking” includes mixing semen, breast milk, urine or fresh blood before consuming it or splattering it over various things such as life-sized representations of young children, like shown below: 
This performance included spelling with the body fluids, the following stanza: 
With a sharp 
knife cut deeply into the 
middle finger of your 
left hand 
eat the pain. 
Other examples of her “art” (nowadays any revolting expression of bad taste if sporting the correct pair of problem glasses) include public dinners, where politicians, Hollywood stars, singers and decision makers gather to eat cakes that depict a naked human corpse or feast on the fake (I hope by all that is sacred) blood contained in a coffin where swims another human body. Celebrities that use demonic symbols in their persona such as Lady Gaga rush to participate to Abramovic’s events Another heavy user of the occult symbols, Jay-Z, is a big fan of Marina 
These codes are all directly copied from rituals such as black masses or Sabat night reunions and popularized by figures such as Aleister Crowley from whom Abramovic draws direct inspiration. 
It is part of this growing phenomenon where the elites and celebrities close to power get caught, intentionally or not, showing symbols celebrating the ancient Babylonian rites or the worship of the Devil. On November the 4th, Clinton chose Jay-Z in a last bid to draw crowds to her empty rallies. Coincidence? Innocent children involved in that mess 
There is hard evidence that Bill Clinton traveled at least 26 times (sometimes without his bodyguards, it is all in the pilot logs) to billionaire and convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s Island on board his plane, dubbed the “Lolita Express,” as it is in this plane that the guests could allegedly have sex with minors. 
With this in mind, it is disturbing to notice that other Podesta emails refer to children as being the “entertainment” at pool parties almost entirely attended by middle-aged men involved in politics. Other emails involve strange references to food such as “pizza”, “cheese”, $65,000 worth of “hot dogs” for a party that attendees “dream of” and “recipes” that many sources suggest are code words for orgies involving minors and extremely young children. You can read more about it here . The Whole Clinton Bag of Crooks reeks of unnatural sexual behaviour and reproachable acts and we will certainly know much more in the days to come, as Hillary Clinton is still under FBI investigation as we speak. This follows the scandal surrounding Huma Abedin (Clinton’s right hand and confidant) and her estranged husband, sex offender and champion one-handed texter, Anthony Weiner. It will take some time before they go through Weiner’s 650,000 emails and decide of a course of action regarding these dark revelations and other atrocities of the Clinton crime family. La plus belle ruse du diable est de vous persuader qu’il n’existe pas Drawing by Ben Garrison 
These heavy accusations of Satanism remind us of the sexual blackmail practices said to take place among the popular hip-hop and Hollywood communities, as Roosh described in his related article , or other rumours linked to suspicious reunions involving the secret ceremonies of the elite such as the ones of the Bohemian Grove or the Rothschilds’ parties of the 70s. 
If those recent speculations turn out to be true, it could have the effect of a bomb and mean a revolution. 
Observe the symbols of cannibalism, eerily similar in the three following pictures. Those are respectively: a scene of the Rothschild’s “surrealistic bal,” a painting hanging in John Podesta’s office and one of Abramovic’s dinners: 
I will let you be the own judge of the conclusions inspired by those images. My father is a very Cartesian fellow and a saying of his comes to mind: 
Just like Saint Thomas, 
I only believe in what I see. 
And what I see unsettles me.",0
14335,Hillary Will “FIX” Obama’s Failed Economy by RECYCLING His FAILED POLICIES – TruthFeed,"Hillary Will “FIX” Obama’s Failed Economy by RECYCLING His FAILED POLICIES Hillary Will “FIX” Obama’s Failed Economy by RECYCLING His FAILED POLICIES Politics By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
Hillary can’t admit to the American people how BAD the Obama economy is. 
She has to “tip toe” around it so she doesn’t offend Mr. Thin-Skin. 
Although, it doesn’t matter much what Hillary says because she has no idea how to fix it. 
Her plan is to recycle his failed policies as “new failed policies” and round and round we go. 
From Investors.com 
Election 2016: If you want to know how bankrupt the Democratic Party is today of pro-growth ideas, check out Hillary Clinton’s latest speech on the economy. She has absolutely nothing new to offer that President Obama hasn’t already tried. 
Clinton admits in her speech that things aren’t all they should be in the economy after seven-plus year of Obamanomics. “The challenges we face are significant,” she said. She even took a couple subtle digs at Obama, complaining about “long-term neglect” of poor communities and the fact that the unemployment gap between blacks and whites has been widening, whereas it was narrowing when her husband was in the White House. 
So what are the “big, bold” ideas she said she’d implement that will “drive growth”? Spend more money on infrastructure, raise taxes on the rich, impose more mandates on businesses that raise the cost of labor, make college cheaper and saddle the economy with more regulations. 
Is Clinton really not aware that this is exactly what Obama prescribed, and that his policies have produced the worst economic recovery in history? 
Her biggest idea is to make “the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades,” saying that will create “millions of good paying jobs.” 
Apparently she’s forgotten that Obama’s stimulus plan included, as Obama put it, “the largest new investment in our nation’s infrastructure since Eisenhower built an interstate highway system in the 1950s.” 
How did that work out for jobs? We’ve had one of the slowest rates of job growth since the Great Depression, and annual economic growth never topped 3%. Oh, and according to Hillary, our roads and bridges are still crumbling. 
Clinton also says she wants to invest in “advanced manufacturing.” But Obama has already nearly doubled spending on this — as part of his plan to create a million manufacturing jobs in his second term. (Manufacturing jobs have climbed only 330,000 since he made that promise.) 
Other “bold” Clinton ideas are also straight out of the Obama playbook: She wants a “cleaner, more resilient power grid,” free child care, paid maternity leave, more power to unions. She wants to expand on the growth-killing Dodd-Frank bill. 
Plus, of course, she wants to raise taxes on the rich, as if Obama hasn’t already done that several times. 
What’s most amusing about Clinton’s speech, however, is her claim that cutting taxes and reducing regulations as a growth strategy “has been proven wrong again and again.” 
In fact, the strongest periods of growth in the past three decades occurred during the tax-cutting, deregulating Reagan years, and after Bill Clinton agreed to cut taxes and deregulate the banking industry. In the 1960s, it was the result of Kennedy cut taxes. 
The inconvenient truth here is that not one of the items on Clinton’s list will do anything to get the economy out of its Obama-induced malaise. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First ! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
14336,New Poll Shows Support For Police Officers Is On The Rise… Cop Haters Will Be Furious,"Hot Mic Leak From CBS Sports Announcer Reveals Real Reason Players Are Kneeling 
Respect has skyrocketed in the past few years. In fact, the only time respect for police was higher was in 1967. 
Only 56 percent of Americans said they had respect for police in 2004. Just last year, only 64 percent of Americans claimed they respected police. Advertisement - story continues below 
The numbers were shocking, especially in light of recent officer-involved shootings, which have sparked protests all around the country. The Black Lives Matter group rallied in large cities, sparking violent protests and forcing cities to enact a curfew for the safety of their residents. Hundreds of people marching in North Carolina, Mississippi, Louisiana and other states chanting “Hands up, don’t shoot!” grabbed the media’s attention. 
Even the presidential campaigns focused on how to fix relations between police and the communities they serve. 
So do these new numbers show that the Black Lives Matter movement is not achieving what it set out to accomplish? As more protests and rallies erupt around the country, Americans respect police more and more. 
Maybe it’s time for the Black Lives Matter group to try a new approach. Advertisement - story continues below",0
14337,Angel Moms: Trump Administration to Support Program Helping Americans Hurt by Illegal Alien Crime - Breitbart,"On Breitbart News Sunday, the Angel Moms who lost children or other loved ones to illegal alien crime said that the Trump administration plans to support a program aimed at helping American families devastated by illegal immigration put their lives back together. [Hundreds of   programs assist illegal aliens, but not a single program exists specifically to help American victims of illegal alien crime, they told SiriusXM host Matthew Boyle.  Organized by the Remembrance Project’s Maria Espinoza, the Angel Moms described the immense emotional and financial costs burdening their families —  and government’s complete indifference. “The national program we put forth —  Mr. Trump is the only candidate who met with us, of course, but also who agreed to support the Remembrance Project national program that would help with burial, medical, and counseling expenses,” said Espinoza. “Also, what’s very important that people don’t understand that in so many cases, our families are being   because they’re being misguided in the court system. Either activist judges, or activist prosecutors —  so we really need someone to help and guide our families. ” “Who can afford an attorney for themselves? And here illegal aliens get one. If they murder an American, they are given two attorneys to protect them, to defend them,” she added. Ruth Johnston Martin, whose husband was shot by an illegal alien, said there is not one government program out there to help those suffering a loss due to illegal alien crime.  “Well, first of all, everyone listening has a family. Just imagine waking up one day and having one of those family members ripped away from you in such a violent and horrifying way. You’re never the same. You need that counseling,” she said.  “You have to understand the depression that sets in —  these individuals need something, someone to reach out to. Someone that’s going to circle the wagons around them. That program will be that source. It’s a resource. And you know, it is true —  there’s over 300 programs for illegal aliens,” Martin continued.   “But there’s nothing to help the families of those who have lost loved ones at the hands of these individuals. So they don’t have to suffer in silence. They have someone they can reach out to. ”  “There’s many that just go into a state of depression. There are some that commit suicide. There are some that go to drinking. It doesn’t have to be that way,” she said. “They need the assistance, and it’s about time we had a president that says, ‘You know what, you’re an American. We’re here for you. We’re here to assist you.’ And that is exactly what he will do. ”  Laura Wilkerson, who summoned the strength to tell the story of her son Joshua’s violent death at the hands of an illegal alien classmate over and over again, said the trauma can leave one unable to live a normal life, or even do everyday tasks.  “When you lose a child, and the trauma that is involved with Josh’s case, you are just absolutely broken to the core. You don’t know if you can breathe. I mean really, it’s a start to learn to breathe all over again and learning to crawl, and then to walk,” she said. “You feel like an infant. Your mind knows that you’re not, but you can’t help but have the trauma with it. ”  “I sat in the trial and watched this kid who was just excited about what he did to Josh, and he got up off the stand and demonstrated to the district attorney about how he strangled Josh, and he never had an ounce of remorse. And, this was two years after Joshua died,” she said. “It was two years before it was brought to trial. And then you sit there and watch him just excited about what he did to Joshua. You’ve never been faced with the evil, and with the trauma. ” “My husband and I own a small business, and it’s very hard to —  you know, you’re scrapping and fighting every day to make it anyway, and you can’t do the things you used to do. And it takes you a long time to process that your child is not coming back, ever, and then on top of that to just do daily things. I couldn’t make a meal for my family for probably about a year and a half,” she said. “You know something’s messed up, and you just can’t do it. ” “Everything becomes like climbing a mountain, and you really need help,” she added.  Legal immigrant Agnes Gibboney, whose son Ronald da Silva was murdered in 2002 by an illegal alien, said families desperation need lawyers in their corner when fighting for justice.  “With this national program to allow families to have legal representation, so your rights won’t be violated in a court of law,” she said, adding she only had the prosecutor to look out for her. “Everything went wrong. I was not allowed to say my impact statement. I was not allowed to address the court. I was not allowed to get the probation hearing report. And when I called them to ask how come I didn’t get it, they said, ‘My boss told me not to talk to you,’ and hung up. ” Wilkerson said she paid out of her own pocket for an attorney just to sit through the trial of her son’s murderer. “They didn’t want me to sit in the trial, and I had to hire an attorney just to make that happen. ” She “couldn’t imagine” not being present in the courtroom while others heard about the death of her son. Breitbart News Sunday airs weekly from 7 PM to 10 PM EST on SiriusXM Patriot 125. LISTEN:  ",0
14338,Generic acoustic pop song triggers world peace,"November 1, 2016 
Political commentators the world over have been amazed to see that an indie ballad by aspiring singer songwriter James Berk, performed last night at an open mic night in Hertford, has gone some way to creating a world free from war and negativity. 
Minutes after Berk sang the opening line (‘no war, let’s have peace, let’s have peace in the west and the east’), Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump reportedly ate a vegan lasagne and drew a watercolour drawing of a rainbow together, then decided to abandon their futile sparring and hand the presidency over to Greenpeace. 
As Berk moved on to the bridge, (a whispered repetition of ‘fuck the Tories, fuck the Tories’ over a grittily strummed G chord), Theresa May issued a statement that she and her party had been wrong over a lot of things, and were immediately going to halt arms sales to Saudi Arabia and Israel, as well as scrapping trident. 
Bashed Al-Assad joined in minutes later, going on to the streets of Aleppo to hand out cornettos. 
Julian Smith, who puts on the night, said ‘it’s great to see that there’s a whole host of emerging talent in Hertford, everything from acoustic acts like James, to spoken word poets, to great rock bands like ‘Jenny and The Farmer’s Sons’. I think the world peace that James has created proves that the night is well worth the £5 entry fee.’",0
14339,DELINGPOLE: Would You Buy a Used Carbon Tax From Hank Paulson?,"“I screwed up the economy, your jobs and your mortgages so  —   hey  —   I’m just the guy you can trust to tell you what to do about climate change! ”[That was my take home message of a piece Hank Paulson penned for the New York Times a couple of years ago on the urgent need for a carbon tax.  Two years on  —   with fellow GOP Establishment stooges James Baker and George Shultz  —   he’s still harping on the same tedious theme. This     shyster Paulson is the kind of    throwback whose advice the Trump administration should avoid like the plague. As Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson not only failed to predict the 2008 financial crash  —   the US economy is “very healthy” and “robust” he insisted in 2007  —   but it’s quite possible that his encouragement of risky lending while he was at Goldman Sachs helped cause it. But that’s because Paulson is the very embodiment of the liberal elite which both the Brexit vote and the election of Donald Trump were designed to overthrow. Paulson may notionally identify as a Republican. Or, at least, he served with a “Republican” administration. But what’s quite evident from his demands for a carbon tax is that he belongs to that shiftless    elite which couldn’t give two hoots whether it’s a Democrat or Republican in charge, just so long as the elite get to maintain their power base and their revenue stream. Note how, back in 2014 when he was calling for that carbon tax in the New York Times, he boasted about teaming up with Tom Steyer (  hedge funder, creator of the NextGen super PAC) and Michael Bloomberg. These men are not conservatives. What they are is crony capitalists. They are the embodiment of almost everything that America voted against when it voted for Donald Trump. Of course they want to tax “carbon”. By taxing carbon dioxide (the harmless trace gas which makes the planet greener) the US government would be signalling to the world that it still believes in the   global warming narrative. This, in turn, would keep alive the   “renewables” industry in which Paulson, Steyer, Bloomberg and their friends are so heavily invested. Even now, Wall Street remains quite hideously exposed to the green boondoggle. When the Green Blob finally explodes, a lot of   and crony capitalists and dodgy financiers are going to lose billions. That’s the real reason Donald Trump is being put under such pressure by these people. Not because they consider global warming a real threat but because they’re terrified of all the money they and their friends stand to lose. If you want to understand this in more detail, you should read my Breitbart piece Why Renewables Are Doomed and Fossil Fuels Are The Future. It’s quite long but it does tell it like it is and it also gives you an idea of why I so loathe these Establishment protozoa and why you should too  …     I’d call them pondlife, except I’m quite fond of dragonfly larvae and newts. I’d call them reptiles  —   but snakes are cool and lizards are beautiful. But please, Donald Trump, for the love of all the decent people who put you in the White House, do not listen to these   scumbags, no matter how plausible their manner and how exquisitely handstitched their Brioni suits. Make America Great Again. Make carbon taxes history.",0
14340,EEUU: crónica de un fraude electoral anunciado,"De Kennedy a Obama, más de medio siglo de debates en EEUU (vídeos) Sin embargo, posteriormente se descubrió que 91.000 eran completamente inocentes. También la Secretaría de Florida informó posteriormente que entre los electores del Estado había 59.019 encarcelados, 17.000 fallecidos y 27.000 personas que habían votado más de una vez. Ya era tarde, pues George W. Bush superó al candidato demócrata Al Gore por 537 votos que dieron la victoria final al Partido Republicano. El fraude había sido consumado. Tampoco todo había sido limpio en las elecciones presidenciales de Barack Obama en 2008, según los observadores republicanos y la investigación realizada por la CNN. Resulta que el candidato Obama recibió el apoyo de la Community Organization for Reform Now (ACORN), que funciona en 100 ciudades en EEUU y tiene unos 500.000 miembros dedicados al apoyo a los más necesitados. Los investigadores llegaron a la conclusión que ACORN registró a miles de personas para que votasen por Obama, muchos de cuales estaban muertos, no existían o tenían una dirección falsa. ✒Opinión: La guerra sucia en las elecciones norteamericanas – lee más en: https://t.co/tpPtlp6V8O pic.twitter.com/pA834GOc1P — Sputnik Mundo (@SputnikMundo) 19 de octubre de 2016 
​El 'think tank' Pew Research Center, con sede en Washington, encontró también irregularidades en las elecciones en el 2012, en las cuales fue elegido Barack Obama. Resultó que cada octavo votante registrado no podía emitir su voto. En aquel entonces, más de 1,5 millones de votantes muertos 'depositaron' su voto y unos 2,75 millones de habitantes participaron dos veces en la votación. Tomando en cuenta todos estos antecedentes históricos, no son nada extrañas o exageradas las sospechas del actual candidato republicano Donald Trump de que las elecciones del próximo 8 de noviembre puedan ser fraudulentas, especialmente en Chicago, Filadelfia o Saint Louis. También Trump está sospechando que los 51 millones de ciudadanos norteamericanos no registrados (24% de los potenciales votantes) podrían ser utilizados para el robo de votos. © REUTERS/ Dave Kaup El sistema quiere imponer a Hillary en la Presidencia Recientemente la organización Project Veritas Action, cuya misión es ""investigar y exponer la corrupción, deshonestidad, fraudes"", dirigida por el activista conservador James E. O'Keefe III, lanzó el tercer vídeo sobre el fraude electoral confirmando la participación de Hillary Clinton. En el primer vídeo, se muestra cómo los organizadores de la campaña de Clinton están usando la violencia para desacreditar los mítines y reuniones de los partidarios de Trump. En el segundo vídeo, se expone paso por paso la estrategia del Partido Demócrata para lograr el fraude electoral a favor de Hillary que en general habían usado los demócratas durante los últimos 50 años. Finalmente, en el tercer documento filmado se presentan las comunicaciones electrónicas entre Clinton, la Convención Nacional Demócrata y la ONG American Unites for Change para organizar eventos políticos desacreditando a Trump.
También la táctica de ensuciar al candidato rival no es nada nueva para los demócratas. La penúltima vez la usaron contra Mitt Romney en 2012, cuando los medios globalizados lo presentaron como un 'racista diabólico', un 'sexista brutal' que quiere que las mujeres retornen a la sumisión de los años 50, 'viejo homofóbico' etc. Entonces los actuales insultos a Trump, como 'estúpido', 'ignorante', 'racista', 'sexista' o 'delincuente sexual', 'vicioso' es parte del juego electoral incorporado por los medios de comunicación globalizados y corporativos para la promoción del candidato seleccionado por el Sistema o el establishment y la destrucción de su contrincante, que no satisface en este momento las necesidades y las aspiraciones de aquel 1% de los dueños de América. © REUTERS/ Brian Snyder Donald Trump, el bufón útil del Sistema Norteamericano De allí surge el dilema. Ambos candidatos, tanto Hillary como Donald han sido lanzados al ruedo electoral por el sistema con el propósito inicial de utilizar a Trump para facilitar la victoria de Clinton. Sin embargo, los propósitos del sistema podrían variarse debido a la dinámica de la campaña electoral, surgimiento de cambios geopolíticos en el mundo o las condiciones económicas tanto internas como externas y la flexibilidad de adaptación de cada candidato a las nuevas necesidades políticas y las expectativas del momento. Lo que está absolutamente claro es que los dos candidatos trabajan para el mismo 1%, es decir, para el sistema.
Lea más: WikiLeaks revela que un periodista sugirió al jefe de campaña de Clinton ""sacrificar"" a Trump 
Basta revisar la actitud de los Rothschild hacia ambos candidatos. En mayo del 2016, Lynn Forester de Rothschild ofreció una cena de 100.000 dólares por persona para recolectar fondos para Hillary Clinton. A la vez, el hombre de confianza de la familia Rothschild, el multimillonario Wilbur Ross organizó un 'lunch' que costaba 25,000 dólares el plato para apoyar al candidato Trump. La familia Rockefeller se considera la creadora de Hillary Clinton como una lideresa política. Judicial Watch publicó un memorándum de 1993 de John David Rockefeller IV a Hillary Clinton donde expone los detalles de la Reforma de Salud que posteriormente Hillary Clinton intentó poner en práctica infructuosamente. © REUTERS/ Joe Skipper Donald Trump el candidato Frankenstein de los republicanos A la vez, la familia Rockefeller ayudó a Donald Trump, según el periodista Baxter Dmitry (News, US), a comprar en 1987 el 93% de las acciones del casino Resorts International, creado a comienzos de 1950. El periodista Andrew St. George reveló en 'The Spotlight' (30 de octubre 1978) que Resorts International fue controlado por los hombres de las familias Rockefeller y Rothschild y administrado por los agentes de la CIA y Mossad que, en los años 60, usaban el dinero lavado para financiar la lucha contra la Cuba de Fidel Castro.
Tema: Normalización de las relaciones entre Cuba y EEUU 
En fin, todo esto demuestra que tanto Donald Trump como Hillary Clinton trabajan para el sistema o como se dice popularmente en EEUU, para los 'bad guys'. El problema ahora consiste en seleccionar al líder más útil actualmente para el establishment norteamericano. El discurso internacional de Hillary, apodada 'The Queen of War and Chaos' está aparentemente cargado de amenazas de guerra. Ella misma se da cuenta de que Estados Unidos no está preparado para una confrontación con Rusia y China. La carta de 88 generales en retiro apoyando a Trump está demostrando que los militares prefieren el tono más moderado, aunque no menos belicoso que el de Hillary. — Sputnik Mundo (@SputnikMundo) 5 de octubre de 2016 
​El candidato republicano declaró recientemente: ""Bajo mi administración pondremos fin a la débil política exterior de los últimos ocho años, reconstruiremos nuestras Fuerzas Armadas, le daremos a nuestros soldados reglas de combate claras"". Y en una reunión en Phoenix, Trump aclaró, para que nadie se hiciera ilusiones de su aparente pacifismo: ""Yo soy más militarista que todos los que están reunidos en la esta sala"". Hillary Clinton está amenazando a Venezuela y Donald Trump ya anunció en un mitin en Miami, adoptando la postura de Benito Mussolini, que acabaría con la dictadura de Castro en Cuba y con la de Maduro en Venezuela. También prometió apoyar a ""todos los pueblos oprimidos en el hemisferio"", lo que sería una referencia a los ecuatorianos y bolivianos en la interpretación tanto de Hillary como de Donald. Capitana Clinton vs. Iron Trump: debate presidencial al estilo Marvel En resumidas cuentas, como dicen los árabes, los dos candidatos representan el mismo caballo con diferente montura. Las promesas de Trump de revisar los tratados de libre comercio y hacer regresar el trabajo manufacturero e industrial a Norteamérica representan una demagogia, pues todos los tratados están regidos por las leyes internacionales que no se pueden cambiar fácilmente. Para la construcción del muro adicional con México se necesitaría una fuerte inversión, de la cual no dispone la Reserva Federal y México, en su turno, no aportaría ni un centavo. Tampoco le conviene a Washington la salida de EEUU de la OTAN, pues la Unión Europea se acercaría inmediatamente a Rusia, que le aseguraría su seguridad energética.",0
14341,Pakistani Taliban Claim Deadly Market Bombing - The New York Times,"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan  —   A bombing killed at least 20 people on Saturday during an auction at a vegetable market in a mostly Shiite town in northwestern Pakistan, ending a long lull in militant violence there, officials said. At least 43 people were wounded in the morning bombing in Parachinar, capital of the Kurram tribal region, which borders Afghanistan. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. “I was in my shop when a deafening blast shook the market,” a Parachinar resident, Hussain Ali Tori, said by telephone. “I have seen dozens of shattered bodies lying on the ground. Some were dead, and many were crying for help. ” A Taliban spokesman, Muhammad Khurasani, said a suicide bomber had carried out the attack, but a Kurram official, Nasrullah Khan, said the bomb appeared to have been planted in a crate. “The place is always crowded,” said Mr. Khan, a deputy administrator. Parachinar has been a center of resistance to the Taliban, specifically the Haqqani network, which is one of the movement’s most violent factions, and it has been the site of numerous bombings in the past. But there had been none since December 2015, when another market bombing killed 23 people. On Saturday, local television news channels broadcast images of people crying for help as others moved through scattered crates of tomatoes to help the wounded. A senior health official in Kurram, Dr. Sabir Hussain, said that many of the wounded were in critical condition and that the death toll could rise. The blast was the first terrorist attack of 2017 in Pakistan, which has been racked by Taliban violence in recent years. Militant attacks have decreased significantly since the military began an offensive in North Waziristan, a focal point for Taliban and foreign militants, in 2014. Much of the militant violence last year was concentrated in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.",0
14342,Homeless TRUMP Supporter Guards Donald Trump's Star on Hollywood Blvd,"Homeless TRUMP Supporter Guards Donald Trump’s Star on Hollywood Blvd page: 1 On Wednesday a violent leftist smashed Donald Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The culprits used a sledgehammer to destroy Donald’s star. The person who was watching Trumps star had an anti-immigration sign and is pro-trump. Later another homeless man took up the watch to keep Trumps star on Hollywood BLVD safe. From the video it looks like the star had already been replaced. Could this be a plant? And has Trump secured the homeless vote? Everybody's looking for a gimmick, and their 15 minutes of fame. Sad, really. Really sad. Maybe he wants a home. Another stinkin' deplorable. link Ill bet Hillary laughs at him because he is homeless and like Trump. I would give him money if I lived there. The violent destructive liberals just cant stop stealing signs, spray painting buildings and now vandalizing a sidewalk, wow but not surprised, the liberals have been so dirty not only Hillary and her supporters but her whole entourage that it makes this years election a new low in lows and sets a really bad example for the next election.",0
14343,The Old Democrat Wall Street Plus Identity Politics Playbook is Dead,"by Yves Smith 
Yves here. This is a very important video from the Real News Network , and I wish there were a transcript, so do take the trouble to listen to it. 
One of the reasons for the ferocity of the howling from the Democratic Party hackocracy in the wake of the unexpected Trump vicory is that they are effectively cornered animals. As political scientist Tom Ferguson explains, the Democrats can’t get the number of voters they need with their traditional coalition of Big Finance money plus identity politics without delivering tangible benefits to workers, which they have abjectly failed to do. But the power of mone in the Democratic party makes it well nigh impossible for them to devise the sort of populist policies that would appeal to voters that Trump has successfully peeled off. 
Ferguson also has some important exit poll and early, granular data that debunks some cherished Democratic party myths. For instance, playing the gender card wasn’t as successful as the media would lead you to believe. 
Ferguson, who has been a consistent critic of the Democrats from the left, does not rule out the idea that Trump could deliver on policies that would make him popular, most important, ones that would create more jobs and improve wages. One expert close to the Sanders camp came to the same view separately months ago. So while Trump may be stymied, or may never have been sincere about his battle call to downtrodden workers, it’s a mistake to rule out the possibility that he will continue to succeed despite the odds and his glaring character defects. 0 0 0 0 0 1",0
14344,Clinton Has Solid Lead in Electoral College Trump’s Winning Map Is Unclear - The New York Times,"Over the last few days of the race, Donald J. Trump intends to travel all over the country. He’’s going to Florida, North Carolina, Nevada, Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and even Minnesota, he said Saturday. It’s an impressive travel schedule, but it may reflect the biggest challenge facing him right now: It’s still not clear exactly where and how he would win. Hillary Clinton has a consistent and clear advantage in states worth at least 270 electoral votes, even if the race has undoubtedly tightened over the last few weeks. But even that understates the challenge facing Mr. Trump’s campaign: It’s not at all obvious where he has his best chance of breaking through, making it harder for him to concentrate his efforts over the last days of the campaign. This is not to say that Mr. Trump can’t win. The polls could be off across the board.’ ”But even if he wins Arizona, Iowa, Ohio, Utah, North Carolina, Florida and New Hampshire, he’s still short of a victory.” ”He’s not assured to win any of those states, to be clear  —   although he’s a clear favorite in Iowa and Utah at this point. He has trailed in more live interview polls of North Carolina and Florida than he has led, although the national race has tightened since many were taken.” ’But he would still need to win one of the following states: Pennsylvania, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Colorado, Virginia, or perhaps New Mexico or Minnesota. Of all of these states, the only one where Mr. Trump has really been close in the polls is Nevada. But Nevada is also the state where we know the most about the results because of early voting, and it hasn’’t brought good news for Mr. Trump. Democrats have largely replicated the turnout from 2012 (when President Obama ultimately won the state by about seven points) thanks in no small part to a strong turnout among Hispanic voters. Many analysts, like the Nevada politics guru Jon Ralston, have concluded that Mr. Trump has basically lost the state already. This might seem difficult to reconcile with the polling, but Nevada is a state where pollsters have underestimated Democrats in the past. One theory is that the polls are not very good at capturing the most   Hispanic voters. And indeed, the polls showing Mr. Trump ahead in the state have shown a smaller lead for Mrs. Clinton among nonwhite voters than seems plausible, particularly given his rhetoric against Hispanic immigrants. Perhaps Mr. Trump will mount a huge comeback in Nevada on Election Day. Or maybe Democrats are much weaker among registered Democrats or unaffiliated voters than most analysts believe.’ ”But if Mrs. Clinton does indeed have a big advantage in Nevada, then his chances start looking very bleak: He’s at a disadvantage in the polls of all of the other states that could put him over the top.” ”What’s more, it’s not really clear where he has his best chance  —   something reflected in Mr. Trump’s unfocused   push.” ”Pennsylvania seemed like Mr. Trump’s best option earlier in the year, but he hasn’t led a live interview poll there since the summer. The final nonpartisan live interview polls there show Mrs. Clinton ahead by a comfortable margin of four to six points. The state will probably be close, but it’s quite clear that she has the edge.” ’Wisconsin is another state that seemed as if it could be promising for Mr. Trump. It has a large population of white   Democrats, just as Iowa does, and Mr. Trump is running well in Iowa. But he has struggled among   voters in the Milwaukee suburbs.’ ”The race could tighten if these voters return to his side, but he hasn’t led a live interview poll there all year.” ’Michigan could be a more interesting option for Mr. Trump. It was the most Democratic of all of these states in the 2012 election, and he hasn’t led a poll there all year either. But recent polls have shown a relatively tight race there.’ ”Mrs. Clinton visited the state on Friday, and President Obama will visit on Sunday and Monday, and Mrs. Clinton will make another stop on Monday, so clearly the Clinton campaign thinks there’s some softness there. That said, if the election comes down to whether Mr. Trump can score an upset in Michigan, he’s in a lot of trouble. It seems hard to imagine he could carry the state without also carrying Pennsylvania.” ’Colorado is a notch tougher than any of those states. The demographics and polling are both tough for Mr. Trump. It has one of the   populations in the country, along with a large Hispanic population. There was one recent poll that showed a tied race in Colorado, but most have shown Mrs. Clinton with a lead. Like Nevada, Colorado is also a state where the Democrats have outperformed their final poll numbers in every presidential election since 2004. The early vote numbers are strong for the Democrats there as well. Virginia is like Colorado: Neither polls nor demographics seem promising for Mr. Trump. Ultimately, the fact that the race is close in North Carolina is a very strong indicator that Mrs. Clinton has a big lead in Virginia.’ ”Then there are states like Minnesota and New Mexico. The polls have not shown an especially tight race, and Mrs. Clinton is not campaigning or airing advertisements there. Mr. Trump’s team has held out some hope of winning, but these states seem especially unlikely to decide the election.” ”Again, the polls are close enough that the possibility of a victory for Mr. Trump is still quite real. But it’s just not clear exactly how or where he would break through. It doesn’t seem that the Trump campaign knows either.”",0
14345,"Nobel Confusion: Ramos-Horta, Trump and World Disorder","Email 
History should tell us that writing scolding, even scornful letters, to electorates as part of a conversation for persuasion do not work. They are even less effective when coming from outside that electorate, however well-intentioned. Non-voters should be careful to judge and lecture. 
Consider the attempt on the part of The Guardian to mount its electoral high horse prior to the 2004 Presidential elections in the United States. The prospect of another four years of George W. Bush was hard to stomach for the editors, hence their disruptive project. Operation Clark County was advertised as an effort to write “to undecided voters in the crucial state of Ohio.” The experiment had more than a degree of condescension, slanted, as it were, to the superior across the pond wisdom. 
Instead of providing a platform of sobriety, it simply supplied patriotic fuel to US voters to confirm their positions. No one was going to be telling them what to do. Their president was a fool, but was their fool. As one letter went, “We Ohioans are an ornery sort and don’t take meddling well, even if it comes from people we admire and with their sincere goodwill. We are a fairly closed community overall.” [1] Even the New York Times came forth with an unmistakably frank headline: “British Two Cents Draws, in Sum, a Two-Word Reply: Butt Out.” [2] 
Nobel Prize winner and former president of Timor-Leste, José Ramos-Horta, should be more attuned with that recent history. But instead, he has decided to wade into the US elections with another letter of scorn, another experiment in persuasion. To add weight and magnification to the appeal, he is seeking the signatures of fellow Nobel Prize laureates. The direction of this letter promises to be simple: whatever you do, people of the US, don’t vote for Donald Trump next month. 
During a brief visit to the northern Australian town of Darwin, Ramos-Horta explained how he and his friends, “Nobel Peace Prize laureates, are extremely concerned with the tone of a presidential candidate Donald Trump in making disparaging remarks about migrants, about Muslims, and refugees.” 
Ramos-Horta insisted that the rise of such a figure was “extremely worrying for all of us and it does not serve US interests.” Along with his fellow laureates, he was hoping to pen a letter that would “alert American public opinion that the world … cannot afford extremism coming from the White House itself.” 
Ramos-Horta provides us a fairly typical, if rusted view, of world power. Empires need the wise and clever to lead them, being repositories of responsibility. Lunacy has no place. “The US is an indisputable global power and global powers have to be led with prudence, with enormous wisdom.” 
What of the brakes of moderation and restraint offered by a critical, at times unreasonable Congress, including other measures so carefully thought through by the Republic’s Founding Fathers? We have seen such brakes bringing the Republic to a screeching halt on occasions, notably during the Obama years. These are polarized times in US politics, and not even the supply of finance to public servants is sacred. 
This is of little interest to Ramos-Horta, who is convinced that a Trump presidency would have Congress in his deceptively deep pocket to wage war with impunity and engage in a pattern of global mischief making. 
“Whatever the US president and US congress may decide on some measure of issues internationally can enhance peace, but can provoke instability and world disorder.” Not that the record book on peace, stemming from US foreign policy in recent years, has been particularly enhancing. 
Having dumped generously on Trump, Ramos-Horta admits a swooning admiration for Hillary Clinton, his preferred White House occupant. If there is a candidate bound to embark on more aggressive stances, be it towards Iran or Russia, few could come close. Her recipe is for greater, not lesser belligerence. Free world boisterousness indeed. 
Taking leave of his senses, Ramos-Horta suggested that she was “outstanding” and “sensitive to the rest of the world”. With baffling adolescent gullibility, the Nobel Prize laureate saw a Clinton “extremely sensitive to education for poor people, for children”. 
A sense of balance might have been appropriate at that point: questionable donations from despotic regimes to the same, supposedly helpful foundation open to helping the indigent and illiterate; or security breaches; or compromised arrangements with Wall Street. The world of power is dark, and maze ridden, and at the end of it usually lurks a Clinton apology. 
A Clinton presidency would hardly be that prudent, nor particularly wise, but that is the Ramos-Horta verdict, his own variant of an external endorsement that is bound to fall on deaf ears in the United States. Any ears who receive the message will be dismissive. From a man whose country suffered an occupation that will, in time, find its way into the books of notable genocides, endorsing such a Clinton can hardly be prudent. But then again, power of the massive sort rarely is. 
Notes.",0
14346,’Call of Duty: WWII’ Reveal Trailer Takes the Series Back to Its Roots - Breitbart,"Call of Duty is going back to its roots with Call of Duty: WWII, “a bold cinematic experience that captures the unforgettable heroism of the soldiers who fought together in a war that changed the world forever. ”[In Call of Duty: WWII, players will take on the role of Ronald “Red” Daniels, a member of the US 1st Infantry Division across the European theatre of World War II. “Joining Allied forces from the U. K. and the French Resistance, across the beaches of Normandy, to the liberation of Paris and ultimately into Germany, the squad must fight alongside a global and diverse cast of characters to achieve victory,” publisher Activision states.  Sledgehammer Games   and Studio Head Glen Schofield noted the developers “want to respect this great generation of soldiers, tell a realistic story set in a true inflection point in human history, and deliver the best experience of our careers. ”   and Studio Head Michael Condrey stated, “The team is dedicated to delivering on the intense nature of war that focuses on the heroism and sacrifice of soldiers in WWII. Our rich narrative driven,   campaign, and engaging and innovative multiplayer experience immerse players into the boots of a soldier fighting for freedom in a world on the brink of tyranny. ” A number of new features are coming to the franchise’s multiplayer with WWII. According to Activision, players can look forward to: • HEADQUARTERS, Offering a robust social space dedicated to engagement off the frontlines, Headquarters paves the way for   avenues of Multiplayer interaction, recognition and awards unlike anything experienced in the franchise to date. • DIVISIONS, A new way to engage in a player’s Multiplayer career  —   Divisions immerse players in the heroic journey of enlisting in the world’s most historic war. Choose from a variety of Divisions, including Infantry and Armored Divisions. • WAR MODE, A new Multiplayer experience that immerses players in iconic World War II battles, where Allied and Axis clash in   gameplay in the fight for strategic objectives. • BOOTS ON THE GROUND GAMEPLAY, Multiplayer marks a return to iconic boots on the ground Call of Duty gameplay that fans know and love, featuring an arsenal of World War   weapons, and     intense    action. More multiplayer details are scheduled to be revealed at E3 in June. Condrey also teased a new   mode that “delivers a unique storyline that’s an   take on Nazi Zombies that we think fans are going to love,” although players will have to wait for further information on this mode until a later date. Activision says an invitation for the game’s closed beta later this year will also be given to those who  . Call of Duty: WWII releases November 3 on Xbox One, Playstation 4, and PC.",0
14347,Obama Strikes Back at Russia for Election Hacking - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama struck back at Russia on Thursday for its efforts to influence the 2016 election, ejecting 35 suspected Russian intelligence operatives from the United States and imposing sanctions on Russia’s two leading intelligence services. The administration also penalized four top officers of one of those services, the powerful military intelligence unit known as the G. R. U. Intelligence agencies have concluded that the G. R. U. ordered the attacks on the Democratic National Committee and other political organizations, with the approval of the Kremlin, and ultimately enabled the publication of the emails it harvested to benefit Donald J. Trump’s campaign. The expulsion of the 35 Russians, who the administration said were spies posing as diplomats and other officials, and their families was in response to the harassment of American diplomats in Russia, State Department officials said. It was unclear if they were involved in the hacking. In addition, the State Department announced the closing of two waterfront estates  —   one in Upper Brookville, N. Y. and another on Maryland’s Eastern Shore  —   that it said were used for Russian intelligence activities, although officials declined to say whether they were specifically used in the   hacks. Taken together, the sweeping actions announced by the White House, the Treasury, the State Department and intelligence agencies on Thursday amount to the strongest American response yet to a   cyberattack. They also appeared intended to box in   Trump, who will now have to decide whether to lift the sanctions on Russian intelligence agencies when he takes office next month. Mr. Trump responded to the Russian sanctions late Thursday by reiterating a call to “move on. ” But he pledged to meet with intelligence officials, who have concluded that the Russian hacking was an attempt to tip the election to Mr. Trump. In an earlier statement from Hawaii, Mr. Obama took a subtle dig at Mr. Trump, who has consistently cast doubt on the intelligence showing that the Russian government was deeply involved in the hacking. “All Americans should be alarmed by Russia’s actions,” Mr. Obama said, and added that the United States acted after “repeated private and public warnings that we have issued to the Russian government, and are a necessary and appropriate response to efforts to harm U. S. interests in violation of established international norms of behavior. ” He issued a new executive order that allows him, and his successors, to retaliate for efforts to influence elections in the United States or those of “allies and partners,” a clear reference to concern that Russia’s next target may be Germany and France. Already there are reports of influence operations in both. Mr. Trump’s position is at odds with most members of his party, who after classified briefings have called for investigations into the combination of cyberattacks and   information warfare used in the 2016 campaign. Mr. Trump has largely stuck to the theory he set forth in a debate with Hillary Clinton in September, when he said the hacks could have been organized by “somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds. ” Russia criticized the sanctions and vowed retaliation. “Such steps of the U. S. administration that has three weeks left to work are aimed at two things: to further harm   ties, which are at a low point as it is, as well as, obviously, deal a blow on the foreign policy plans of the incoming administration of the ” Dmitri S. Peskov, the spokesman for President Vladimir V. Putin, told reporters. Konstantin Kosachyov, the head of the foreign affairs committee in the upper house of the Russian Parliament, told Interfax that “this is the agony not even of ‘lame ducks,’ but of ‘political corpses. ’” Despite the international fallout and political repercussions surrounding the announcement, it is not clear how much effect the sanctions will have, except on the ousted diplomats, who have until midday Sunday to leave the country. G. R. U. officials rarely travel to the United States, or keep assets here. The four Russian intelligence officials are Igor Valentinovich Korobov, the chief of the G. R. U. and three deputies: Sergey Aleksandrovich Gizunov, Igor Olegovich Kostyukov and Vladimir Stepanovich Alexseyev. The administration also put sanctions on three companies and organizations that it said supported the hacking operations: the Special Technology Center, a signals intelligence operation in St. Petersburg, Russia a firm called Zorsecurity that is also known as Esage Lab and the Autonomous Noncommercial Organization Professional Association of Designers of Data Processing Systems, whose lengthy name, American officials said, was cover for a group that provided special training for the hacking. Still, the sanctions go well beyond the modest sanctions imposed against North Korea for its attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment two years ago, which Mr. Obama said at the time was an effort to repress free speech  —   a somewhat crude comedy, called “The Interview,” imagining a C. I. A. plot to assassinate Kim   the country’s leader. The sanctions are not as biting as previous ones in which the United States and its Western allies took aim at broad sectors of the Russian economy and blacklisted dozens of people, some of them close friends of Mr. Putin’s. Those sanctions were in response to the Russian annexation of Crimea and its activities to destabilize Ukraine. Mr. Trump suggested in an interview with The New York Times this year that he believed those sanctions were useless, and left open the possibility he might lift them. The F. B. I. and the Department of Homeland Security on Thursday also released samples of malware and other indicators of Russian cyberactivity, including network addresses of computers commonly used by the Russians to start attacks. But the evidence in a report, in which the administration referred to the Russian cyberactivity as Grizzly Steppe, fell short of anything that would directly tie senior officers of the G. R. U. or the F. S. B. the other intelligence service, to a plan to influence the election. A more detailed report on the intelligence, ordered by Mr. Obama, will be published in the next three weeks, though much of the information  —   especially evidence collected from “implants” in Russian computer systems, tapped conversations and spies  —   is expected to remain classified. Several Obama administration officials, including Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. have suggested that there may also be a covert response, one that would be obvious to Mr. Putin but not to the public. While that may prove satisfying, many outside experts have said that unless the public response is strong enough to impose a real cost on Mr. Putin, his government and his vast intelligence apparatus, it might not deter further activity. “They are concerned about controlling retaliation,” said James A. Lewis, a cyberexpert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. But John P. Carlin, who recently left the administration as the chief of the Justice Department’s national security division, where he assembled cases against North Korean, Chinese and Iranian hackers, called the administration’s actions a “significant step that is consistent with a new model: When you violate norms of behavior in this space, we can figure out who did it and we can impose consequences. ” The Obama administration was riven for months by an internal debate about how much of its evidence to make public. In interviews for a New York Times investigation into the hack, several of Mr. Obama’s top aides expressed regret that they had not made evidence public earlier, or reacted more strongly. None said they believed it would have affected the outcome of the election, however. In recent weeks, Mr. Obama decided that the authorities he created in April 2015 to retaliate against states or individuals that conduct hacking after the Sony attack did not go far enough. They made no provision issuing sanctions in response to an incursion on the electoral system  —   an attack few saw coming. So he ordered his lawyers to amend the executive order, specifically giving himself and his successor the authority to issue travel bans and asset freezes on those who “tamper with, alter, or cause a misappropriation of information, with a purpose or effect of interfering with or undermining election processes or institutions. ” The administration has not publicly criticized how its own officials handled the case. But the Times investigation revealed that the F. B. I. first informed the Democratic National Committee that it saw evidence that the committee’s email systems had been hacked in the fall of 2015. Months of fumbling and slow responses followed. Mr. Obama said at a news conference that he was first notified early this summer. But one of his top aides met Russian officials in Geneva to complain about activity in April. By the time the leadership of the committee woke up to what was happening, the G. R. U. had not only obtained emails through a hacking group that has been closely associated with it for years, but, investigators say, also allowed them to be published on a number of websites, including a newly created one called DC Leaks and the far more established WikiLeaks. Meanwhile, several states reported the “scanning” of their voter databases  —   which American intelligence agencies also attributed to Russian hackers. But there is no evidence, American officials said, that Russia sought to manipulate votes or voter rolls on Nov. 8. Mr. Obama decided not to issue sanctions earlier for fear of Russian retaliation ahead of Election Day. Some of his aides now believe that was a mistake. But the president made clear before leaving for Hawaii that he planned to respond.",0
14348,Debunked: The Photo Of Obama With A Speech Balloo... | ClickHole,"Email 
In an age where information can be spread to millions of people within seconds, it’s often difficult to separate fact from fiction. That was certainly the case a few months ago when a controversial photo of President Obama began to circulate online, with many insisting that the image was the real, unedited deal. But today that picture was officially debunked: The photo of Obama with a speech balloon saying “Islam is my main thing” has been proven to be doctored. 
Wow. This is a good reminder to take everything you see on the internet with a grain of salt! 
Take a look at the photo in question above. In it, you can clearly see Obama proudly declaring his unshakeable Islamic faith. 
At first glance, the photo looks like pretty clear evidence that Obama may be Muslim and confirms the suspicions of his most far-right critics, who insist the president has been dishonest with the public about his true religious beliefs. But when the image went viral on Twitter, one user pointed out a possible sign of doctoring: 
Many users agreed that the photo appeared to have been manipulated in some way and asked for an expert to weigh in. A graphic designer named Brendan McCann, whose Twitter bio says he’s been in the industry for over a decade, quickly answered the call. 
But it was Snopes that officially put the matter to rest. After scouring the internet far and wide, they were able to dig up the original version of the photograph, taken during one of the president’s official White House photo ops, and there’s no speech balloon upholding the teachings of the Quran anywhere in sight. 
Take a look at the two images side by side to see how the effect was achieved: 
Well, there you have it. It looks like whoever made this image took some of the space from above the president’s head and used it to overlay the speech balloon on top. It’s a powerful effect, but it’s definitely not real. Remember: When it comes to the internet, always question your sources! ",0
14349,"Berlin Crash Is Suspected to Be a Terror Attack, Police Say - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   The Berlin police said early Tuesday that the killing of at least 12 people and the wounding of dozens more when a truck plowed through a Christmas market on Monday night was “a suspected terrorist attack. ” In a statement, the police added that they were working swiftly and with “necessary care” in the investigation. The truck jumped the sidewalk about 8 p. m. near the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, whose jagged spire, a reminder of the bombings during World War II, is one of the most symbolic sites in Berlin. The police said they later arrested a man near the scene who was suspected of driving the truck, which had been stolen from a worksite in Poland about a   drive from Berlin. A passenger, identified by the authorities as a Polish national, was found dead in the cab. There was no claim of responsibility, but the episode immediately evoked the attack in July in Nice, France, when a truck driver ran over and killed more than 80 people during Bastille Day celebrations. The impact scattered people who just moments before had been shopping and drinking mulled wine amid stands that sell Christmas gifts, sweets and sausages. At least 45 people were injured, including several with severe wounds, the authorities said. “People were sitting holding their heads, there were pools of blood on the floor,” said Emma Rushton, a British tourist, who was visiting Berlin for the first time and who watched as the truck crushed a stand right in front of her. Though it was never clear if the driver in Nice was linked to the Islamic State, the group’s exhortations to run over its enemies seemed to have inspired the killer, who had a long history of disturbed and violent behavior. If the Berlin attack turns out to have been carried out by someone who entered Germany as a migrant, it could produce yet another political crisis for Chancellor Angela Merkel. Ms. Merkel has been sharply criticized for allowing one million migrants to enter the country, often without any screening or background checks. Heiko Maas, Germany’s justice minister, said that federal prosecutors had taken over the investigation of the episode, an indication that the authorities suspected terrorism. Andreas Geisel, Berlin’s top security official, initially insisted it could have been either an attack or an accident. And Thomas de Maizière, Germany’s interior minister, refused to use the word “attack” in an interview with the public broadcaster ARD. “The words we choose have a psychological effect on the whole country,” Mr. de Maizière said. “I am consciously avoiding using the word ‘attack,’ although there is a lot that points in that direction. ” Officials in Washington were less cautious in their characterization, based on similar attacks that the Islamic State seems to have inspired before, like the one in Nice. “The United States condemns in the strongest terms what appears to have been a terrorist attack on a Christmas market in Berlin,” the National Security Council said in a statement. Since Ms. Merkel’s decision in the summer of 2015 to throw open Germany’s borders to migrants and refugees, her country has grown jittery and concerned by security threats and the challenges of integrating the newcomers. An attack on a Christmas market would be likely to provoke particular ire. Christmas markets are a beloved German tradition that open on the first Sunday of Advent and attract thousands of visitors throughout December until Christmas Eve. Coming only days before Christmas, the crash left Germans numb and unnerved after months marked by a steady uptick of episodes, increasing in lethality. The year opened with scores of sexual assaults in Cologne for which migrants were blamed and reports of a threatened attack on Munich’s main railway station. Since February, four   terrorist attacks have been carried out in Germany by people who said they were motivated by the Islamic State, two of them refugees. One refugee injured five passengers on a train near Würzburg, and the other wounded 15 people when he detonated a bomb in his backpack near a concert in Ansbach. The attacks have helped to feed a growing populist movement and have helped the   nationalist Alternative for Germany party gain strength, with representation in half of the country’s 16 states. Ms. Merkel said on Monday she was in contact with Mr. de Maizière, the interior minister, and the mayor of Berlin, Michael Müller. “We mourn the dead and hope the many injured can be helped,” the chancellor’s spokesman, Steffen Seibert, said on Twitter. The police in Berlin said that a man had been found dead in the passenger seat of the cab of the truck, which had Polish license plates. Ariel Zurawski, whose  company owns the truck, said in a telephone interview that his cousin had been driving it and was a reliable individual who would not be capable of a deliberate act of terrorism. “I vouch for him. He’s my cousin and I’ve known him for ages. I trust him completely,” Mr. Zurawski said. “He’s very dedicated to his job. He’s a very experienced driver and always takes great care of the equipment. ” Mr. Zurawski said he had spoken to his cousin around noon and everything was fine, but he added that his cousin’s wife had been unable to get a hold of him when she called him about four hours later. “That was already a bad sign,” he said. Firefighters at the site could be seen surrounding the trailer of the truck, parked on the square at the base of the tower of the church. Emergency vehicles surrounded the square, which sits between two main streets that run through the heart of West Berlin. “It’s terrible to see this scene,” Mr. Müller said. “It’s exactly what we did not want to see in Berlin. ”",0
14350,"PICS: Arson Attacks, Unrest Grows in Migrant-Heavy French Suburbs","A group of French suburbs, including one with past links to violent extremism, have experienced another night of violence and arson after a resident was reportedly assaulted while in police custody. [Daytime protests followed by nighttime attacks have followed the arrest on Thursday of a    man identified as ‘Theo’ who according to claims was penetrated anally with a police truncheon while under arrest. While police report violence in the French suburb of    after Theo made a plea from his hospital bed for calm, attacks have spread to other areas.    Paris suburbs, including    Montfermeil,    Villepinte, and   experienced attacks on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, reports Le Figaro, with police stations attacked, Molotov cocktails thrown, and bins set alight. These suburbs of the heavily      region of Paris have become well known for violence, drug crime, and religious extremism. Terror raids in the area followed the 2015 Paris Bataclan Attacks. Officers would not give the exact number of cars torched overnight, but gave a figure of “around 20” destroyed over what has come to be known in France as the “Theo Affair”. Police made 17 arrests on Tuesday night, five of which took place in the    suburb where Theo lives. The arrests were predominantly for “outrages” against public order, damage by violent means, and violence against a person holding public authority. A number have been hospitalised or injured, including “several” children who suffered carbon dioxide poisoning after a Molotov cocktail was thrown at a nursery school, and a bus driver whose vehicle was attacked. The violence came hours after French President François Hollande, soon to leave office with the coming elections in which he is not seeking reelection, travelled to meet Theo. Speaking to a camera during the visit, the President praised the young man for having been “always known for his exemplary behaviour”. An investigation into what happened to Theo while under arrest continues. Four special police officers were arrested after he claimed a truncheon was forcibly inserted into his buttocks, causing “serious” injury. One has been charged with rape.",0
14351,Arson at Belgian Forensic Lab May Set Back Terrorism Cases - The New York Times,"BRUSSELS  —   The whole operation took less than 10 minutes. Three people drove a van up to Belgium’s main forensic storehouse at 2 a. m. cut through a perimeter fence, smashed the   windows, and placed bottles of accelerant inside. The fire they set destroyed much of the nation’s chief forensic laboratory, including its entire cache of hair samples and thousands of other pieces of evidence critical to the prosecution of hundreds of criminal and terrorism suspects. The Aug. 29 arson, in which no suspects have been publicly identified, has cast the troubled criminal justice system of this tiny country  —   the biggest per capita exporter of foreign terrorists in Western Europe  —   into even deeper turmoil. It has also added to mounting concerns about Belgium’s weak security systems, including at its nuclear sites. The country was used as the base to plot the attacks in Paris last November and was then itself hit by attacks in March that killed 31 people in Brussels at the international airport and on the subway. Belgium’s ability to prosecute hundreds of criminals and terrorists may now be severely impeded, say justice officials, who have only reluctantly begun releasing information about the extent of the damage. Prosecutors and lawyers fear that all of the cases in which DNA evidence has been used may encounter difficulties during trials. That includes many of the 400 terrorist investigations, including about 15 related to the Paris and Brussels attacks. The full extent of the troubles may not be known until the cases actually start coming to trial next summer. For now, prosecutors say they have not yet been made aware of cases in which evidence has been lost. Sébastien Courtoy, a Belgian lawyer who specializes in defending terrorism suspects, said, “Of course, prosecutors are not going to come out with it themselves that evidence is lost. ” He said that in some cases, his clients were fighting allegations based solely on forensic evidence, and that he would be “requesting to see the evidence. ” The staff at the lab has yet to complete a full inventory, said Jan De Kinder, director of the National Institute of Forensics and Criminology, or NICC as it is known by its acronym in Dutch. But he said six of 10 research laboratories were severely damaged and estimated that thousands of pieces of physical evidence were lost in the fire. The bulk of the evidence was already analyzed and digitized and stored on a computer server not on the site, he said. But justice officials say it is not clear if the courts will accept digitized evidence alone if the physical evidence is destroyed. According to the Brussels prosecutor’s office, it is up to a judge to determine whether a digital copy of a lost piece of physical evidence has the same value. “So far this has never posed any problems,” said Ine Van Wymersch, a spokeswoman for the Brussels prosecutor’s office, which is handling the criminal investigation of the arson. But Thierry Werts, a spokesman for the federal prosecutor, acknowledged that the crime lab has “thousands and thousands of forensic evidence pieces” from terrorism investigations, including from the Paris network. “If they’re completely destroyed, then that can be troublesome for all of our cases that are concerned,” he said. “If they’re only in part destroyed, then we’ll have to redo the analysis. ” Mr. Courtoy pointed to a number of terrorism cases that could potentially be affected. One involves his client Mehdi Nemmouche, who has been charged in an attack on the Jewish Museum in Brussels in 2014. His DNA was found at the museum, the authorities say, and was stored at the lab. Another is that of Mohamed Abrini, the   man in the hat at the airport bombing, who is suspected of having participated in the Paris and Brussels attacks. His DNA was found in most of the   in Brussels, the authorities say. And then there is the case against Yassine Atar, a suspected member of the Brussels terrorist network who authorities say helped hide Salah Abdeslam, a suspect in the Paris attacks who was captured after an intensive   manhunt. Nitrogen that could be used in making bombs was found on Mr. Atar’s hair and his beard, the authorities say, samples of which were sent to the lab for analysis. Mr. Abdeslam was extradited to France this year, and his case may not be affected by what was lost in the fire because he will be prosecuted there, and much of the evidence was gathered in France. Still, Mr. Abdeslam’s Belgian lawyer, Sven Mary, expressed consternation at the lack of security at a government facility housing the forensic evidence of thousands of cases. Mr. Mary said in a telephone interview that the destruction of evidence at the lab posed “an enormous problem” for the Belgian justice system. “How can a defendant demand a second opinion of forensic evidence that doesn’t exist anymore?” Mr. Mary said. The Brussels prosecutor’s office has yet to identify any suspects. But Brice De Ruyver, a professor in criminology at Ghent University, said “this looks more like gangsters from the organized crime world” than terrorists. But officials and experts noted that the line between Belgium’s criminal and terrorist networks is increasingly blurred. They have been critical of the lack of security around a lab that handles thousands of cases a year for the federal police and the Belgian intelligence services. On the night of the attack, security at the site consisted of a fence and video cameras. There was no active security on site, said Mr. De Kinder, the institute’s director. Security appears to be even worse at private research laboratories that the government also depends on. On the night of March 16 of this year, an arson attack was committed against a DNA laboratory in Charleroi, destroying evidence. The same lab was also attacked in 2001 and 2003, when it was destroyed and then rebuilt. The DNA laboratory of the Ghent University, which also does forensic research, was attacked in May 2005. The latest arson attack puts Belgium’s security measures under renewed scrutiny, particularly at its nuclear sites. The series of attacks since March has prompted worries that terrorists are seeking to attack, infiltrate or sabotage nuclear installations or to obtain nuclear or radioactive material. Last year, the authorities seized surveillance video of a   Belgian nuclear official from the apartment of a suspect linked to the Paris attackers. Belgium’s nuclear facilities have a record of breaches, prompting warnings from Washington and other foreign capitals. In 2013, two people scaled the fence at a Belgian research reactor, broke into a laboratory and stole equipment. In 2014, an unidentified person walked into a plant, turned a valve and drained 65, 000 liters of oil used to lubricate reactor turbines, knocking the reactor out of commission for five months. And this year, the computer system of the country’s nuclear agency was hacked and shut down briefly. According to the board of the European Network of Forensic Science Institutes, which counts 66 members in 36 countries, no international guidelines exist for providing security at forensic research institutes. “Security procedures are based on national regulations,” the board stated. Addressing the arson in Belgium, the board said European forensic cooperation “ensures continuity of forensic services after any incident. ” But it added that after this “regrettable incident,” security should be reassessed.",0
14352,California Rushes Sanctuary State Law Through Senate - Breitbart,"California’s State Senate passed SB 54 on Monday, rocketing the state one step closer to becoming an official “sanctuary state. ”[Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León’s sanctuary bill passed on a straight   vote,   according to the Sacramento Bee. Strong pushback from law enforcement led to several amendments before the bill passed.  The bill was first introduced as an “urgency” measure, as De León argued the Trump administration presented a threat to those in the country illegally. The Senate President later pulled the “urgency” status to lower the standard for passage, but at the cost of delaying the bill’s implementation to January 1, 2018. President Donald Trump has put sanctuary cities on notice that they could lose federal funding if they chose to continue to defy federal immigration authorities. In February the President called California a sanctuary state that is “out of control. ” De León declared that “half” of his family were in the United States illegally, and lashed back at Trump during an interview on KPCC 89. 3. In the interview he admitted “the vast majority of immigrants” have used fraudulent Social Security numbers. “SB 54 shields child abusers, human traffickers, and elder abusers from deportation and guarantees their return to our communities, and that’s why our fight must continue,” said State Senator Joel Anderson ( ) in an email to supporters after voting against the bill. “Over 31, 000 Californians signed our petition and helped force the author to amend SB 54 so that murderers, rapists and child molesters would not be shielded from federal immigration authorities, but as long as felons are protected, we cannot stop fighting. ” Anderson called the bill “the greatest threat to dreamers,” according to the Bee. Maryland has also been working on passing a sanctuary state law. The made national headlines in recent days on allegations that two illegal alien students had raped a young teenage girl in a school bathroom. Last week, Attorney General. Jeff Sessions warned that sanctuary jurisdictions could lose their portion of $4. 1 billion in grants from the Department of Justice if they fail to comply with federal immigration law. He said that more than 200 jurisdictions had refused to honor ICE detainer requests in just one week. “The charges and convictions against these aliens include: drug trafficking, hit and run, rape, sex offenses against a child and even murder,” said Sessions. SB 54 now moves on to the State Assembly, where it is expected to pass and be signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
14353,The Fix Is In: NBC Affiliate Accidentally Posts Election Results A Week Early: Hillary Wins Presidency 42% to Trump’s 40%,"NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee has inadvertently posted election night results. The results page appears to be similar to what mainstream news networks display on election night, including Presidential and Congressional results, the popular vote count, electoral votes, and percentage of precincts reporting.
The page, a screen shot of which has been sourced from internet archive site The Wayback Machine , is posted below and shows totals for the upcoming Presidential race. It announces Hillary Clinton as the winner.
As Jim Stone notes, the page was pulled directly from the WorldNow.com content management platform utilized by major networks like NBC, CBS, ABC and Fox and appears to be a non-public staging area for news and election results.
The original page has since been reset.
( Click here for full size image ) 

Though the results information appears on an FTP server at WorldNow.com, media companies like NBC’s WRCB TV utilize the platform, also know as “Frankly,” to power their news content. This can be verified directly a the WRCB web site by scrolling to the very bottom of the page footer which notes that it is, “Powered By Frankly.”
In addition to national results, Jim Stone has identified another page at the WorldNow.com FTP server that appears to show the State-By-State Presidential election results. This page is also accessible in archive format at WayBack Machine with a line by line breakdown available at Stone’s website.
Of interest is that the State-By-State results indicate a Hillary Clinton win in states like Texas (42% to 40%), Florida (44% to 40%) and Pennsylvania (44% to 40%) which have all been identified as states Clinton must steal to win the election .

Do these latest election “results” confirm that the fix is in and the vote is rigged?
If so, then we are no longer looking at an election where our votes will count, but rather, a selection where the winner is determined by those who count the votes.
Related: 
Will Barack Obama Delay Or Suspend The Election If Hillary Is Forced Out 
“Executive Orders for Sale”: Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off ‘Laws’ To The Highest Bidder 
Watch This Incredible Video And Decide For Yourself: Did Hillary Clinton Cheat At The Last Debate By Using An Embedded Tablet Device In Her Podium? 
Are you ready for the disaster that will follow this election? ",0
14354,What’s With The Electoral College?,"Bill White November 16, 2016 What’s With The Electoral College? 
Once again, the Democrats are on one of their favorite hobby horses, that of eliminating the Electoral College. The last time this was an issue was when George W. Bush won the elections in 2000. 
In that case, like this one started out to appear, Bush won the electoral vote, without winning the popular vote. But in this case, the early indications have been refuted and Donald Trump won both the popular election and it is presumed that he will win the electoral vote. 
Of course, Democrats cry “foul” whenever their candidate doesn’t win the presidency. In their world view, they are the majority and there is no possibility of anyone else winning what they are convinced is their rightful seat in the White House. 
This is actually somewhat humorous, when you consider how much voter fraud the Democrats propagate every election. They started early this time, stealing the primaries from Bernie Sanders and then went on to create millions of votes of fraud for the general election. 
But even with that, Trump still managed to beat out Hillary in the election . 
According to those who want to do away with the Electoral College, the only reason it exists is to disenfranchise voters. But then, they say the same about requiring identification and requiring U.S. citizenship to vote as well. So, that makes it a little hard to buy their story. Even so, the truth is that the Electoral College prevents citizens from being disenfranchised, rather than what they are claiming. 
Of course, with most people not understanding this truly ingenious mechanism of American politics, it’s easy to sell the idea of the Electoral College disenfranchising people’s vote, as on the surface, it appears that the only vote which counts, is the 538 votes of the Electors. 
In fact, the Electoral College does the opposite. Democracy is mob rule. It’s two wolves and a sheep voting on what to eat for lunch. It means that the majority decides and shoves their decision down the throat of everyone else. In doing so, it makes it so that the vote of many people doesn’t count, as the votes of people living in high population centers makes the decisions. 
Coincidentally, the big cities, where the majority of the population lives, are almost exclusively controlled by Democrats. So, their push for eliminating the Electoral College really isn’t as altruistic as they would want us to believe. In reality, it’s a means for them to gain control and ensure that Democrats win every presidential election. 
Of course, that’s what Democrats want, as they do better at appealing to the mob than the Republicans do. They want a system that allows them to gain control and keep it, regardless of what they have to do. 
They lie, hire violent protesters, co-opt the media and engage in extensive voter fraud, all in the name of partisan politics. Yet all the while, in their minds, they are justified in those actions. 
The Electoral College – How It Works And Myths Debunked 
So, let’s debunk this idea that the Electoral College is hurting the American people and taking away their right to vote. To begin, we need to understand the Electoral College and how it works. 
The first myth that needs to be debunked in this process is that we hold a nationwide presidential election every four years. We don’t. What we hold is 51 consecutive but separate presidential elections; one for every state in the Union and one for the District of Columbia. 
What that election does is decide the votes of the Electoral College. Each state has as many electoral votes as they have members of Congress. So, higher population states, like California and Texas, have more electoral votes; but there aren’t enough electoral votes there to win the presidency; candidates need to win a majority of the electoral votes, which means that they need to win a sizeable number of the other states as well. 
The Electoral Votes go to the candidate that won that state. Basically, the party who won state’s presidential election gets to send their electors to Washington, where they will vote for their party’s candidate. 
About the only way that can be corrupted , is for individual electors to be bribed or corrupted and change sides between the time of the several states elections and the vote of the Electoral College. In such a case, they might vote for the opposite party; for which they would be forced to pay a fine. 
Interestingly enough, Clinton’s backers and quite possibly her campaign staff, are calling for the Electoral College to do just that. As they have with many other things, they want to break the rules and have Republican electors, who come from states that Donald Trump won, vote for Clinton, and they’re willing to pay those electors to do just that. 
Herein we find the true beauty of the Electoral College system. It forces presidential candidates to pay attention to all the states, as they can’t win the election by concentrating on just the major population areas. If we elected presidents based upon the popular vote alone, the Democrats would start out with a huge advantage, in that their voter base is concentrated in the big cities, which also happen to have the majority of the population. 
The top ten cities in the country contain just about half the population. If a candidate could win those ten cities in the popular election, the votes of the rest of the nation wouldn’t matter. Quite literally, the rest of the population would become disenfranchised, as the high-population cities dictated our country’s politics to the rest of the country. 
What is jokingly referred to as “flyover country” would truly become flyover country then, especially for the Democrats. They wouldn’t have any reason to bother campaigning in those states, because they wouldn’t need to. On the other hand, about the only way that a Republican candidate would have a chance of winning the election would be to win all those states, as well as a large number of votes in the high population states. 
But it could become even worse than that. Right now, presidents need to take into consideration the needs of the entire country, so that they can get votes from the entire country. If they only needed to concern themselves with the votes of the highest population centers, they could literally take from the “less important” states, in order to give to those that support them. In this, a popular vote helps promote political corruption, rather than doing away with it. 
In fact, the Electoral College system is one of the best protections against voter fraud that we have. With it in place, a political candidate or party must rig the vote in a number of states, in order to win each of those elections. 
On the other hand, with a popular vote, they could concentrate all their efforts in one place, essentially forcing the voter fraud in that one place to dictate the outcome for the nation. 
Yet, even with the safeguards it offers, many people feel that the Electoral College is a rigged system. As part of that, they believe that the swing states (sometimes referred to as battleground states) decide the election for the rest of us. But, once again, that’s because they don’t understand the system. 
Swing states are such, not because they are any more important than any other state, but rather because they might swing either way in the election. They aren’t states that either political party can count on for their vote. As such, those states receive a lot of attention by the candidates and a lot of attention in the media, but their vote is no more important than any other state. 
New Hampshire is considered a swing state, and as such, it receives a lot of attention. But New Hampshire only has three electoral votes. That makes it one of the least important states in the nation, as far as elections are concerned. It’s on par with Montana, Wyoming, South Dakota and North Dakota; but none of those states receive much attention, as they are strongly Republican states. So the outcome of the vote is all but guaranteed before campaigning even starts. 
So, states are only swing states because the population of those states is fairly evenly divided between the two primary political parties. This means that the swing states can change over time, which in fact they do. In fact, California was once a Republican State and Texas was once a Democrat one. 
While we’re debunking here, let me hit on a couple of other arguments that are used against the Electoral College. 
We’ve already looked at the false narrative that the swing states have control. One of the biggest of these is that the Electoral College is supposedly obsolete. According to this argument, the Electoral College was created because of the difficulty in getting the vote count to Washington in a timely manner, back in the 1700s. 
If that’s the case, then I have to ask how it was easier to get the electors to Washington, than it was to get the news of the vote count to Washington. Obviously, it’s not. It takes the same amount of travel time for several electors carrying their state’s votes to Washington, DC as it takes for an individual or small party to carry that news. 
Once again, this is an argument which is counting on people’s ignorance. The implication is made that the electors are a group of people in Washington, rather than traveling to Washington after the state elections. Such a group would disenfranchise voters, exercising complete control over the election. 
Finally, the idea of one person, one vote, which is the motto of the anti-Electoral College crowd, doesn’t mean one vote per citizen, it means one vote per person. In other words, all 20 million illegal aliens who are currently in the country should be allowed a vote, according to them. 
Of course, they want that because it gives the Democrats an advantage, just like voter fraud does – the advantage of 20 million more votes, from people who have no right to vote in our elections. 
  Bill White for Survivopedia. 
References:",0
14355,"Republican Convention, Turkey, Garry Marshall: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Questions about Melania Trump’s speech dominated the Republican National Convention, distracting attention on a day that was supposed to be about Gov. Mike Pence, Donald Trump’s running mate. Meredith McIver, a longtime Trump employee, took responsibility for lifted passages in Ms. Trump’s speech, which originally appeared in Michelle Obama’s 2008 convention speech. “I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused,” she said. Mr. Trump’s own speech, to be delivered Thursday, is being vacuumed of any hint of borrowing. _____ 2. The convention’s organizers are confronting a range of troubles, like an ever emptier hall and schedule slippage that pushes top speakers out of the   broadcast TV window. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who was booed after he did not endorse Mr. Trump, was among tonight’s speakers, who also included Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Mr. Trump’s son Eric. But all eyes were on Governor Pence, who accepted the vice presidential nomination. And Mr. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president, played down the role of the U. S. in global crises, saying he wouldn’t automatically defend NATO members from a Russian attack. _____ 3. Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, declared a   state of emergency as he expanded his crackdown. In the days since the government thwarted a coup attempt, nearly 60, 000 soldiers, police officers, judges, educators and other civil servants have been suspended or detained. “I don’t think we have come to the end of it yet,” Mr. Erdogan said, adding that he suspected foreign countries might have been involved. _____ 4. An advance in neuroscience: Researchers published a spectacular new map of the brain that includes 83 familiar regions and identifies 97 more that enable specific functions. A neuroscientist praised the work, calling it “a step towards understanding why we’re we. ” _____ 5. Twitter barred @Nero, a. k. a. Milo Yiannopoulos, a technology editor at the conservative news site Breitbart, after he orchestrated a trolling campaign against the “Ghostbusters” actress Leslie Jones. The social media platform, acknowledging criticism that it has been slow to curb online abuse, said it would be detailing new tools and policies within weeks. Above, Mr. Yiannopoulos outside the Republican convention in Cleveland. _____ 6. International investigators suspect that people close to the embattled prime minister of Malaysia, above, have siphoned off billions of dollars from a sovereign wealth fund since 2009. The Justice Department traced what it called a   trail to the U. S. and moved to seize more than $1 billion in real estate, art and other luxury goods. _____ 7. Britain’s new prime minister, Theresa May, navigated through her first session of questions from Parliament and then flew to Berlin to meet with Germany’s chancellor, Angela Merkel. Ms. Merkel will play a leading role in negotiating terms of Britain’s exit from the E. U. On Thursday, Mrs. May will be in Paris for meetings with President François Hollande. _____ 8. Here’s one way to measure cultural differences: the reaction to Pokémon Go, the wildly popular   smartphone game, which has expanded into 26 more countries. Saudi clerics renewed a fatwa against Pokémon, calling it “ . ” Bosnia warned players to avoid chasing the digital creatures onto land mines left from the wars of the 1990s. And Russian websites published articles claiming the game is a C. I. A. plot. _____ 9. Lifting relatively light weights can build just as much strength as heavier ones, so long as repetitions are increased. Researchers who made the findings say you must lift until you’re exhausted, meaning the effort feels like at least 8 on a scale of 1 to 10. So 10 to 12 reps with heavy weights equals 25 reps with lighter ones. _____ 10. In memoriam: Garry Marshall, a titan of Hollywood and network TV who specialized in romantic, family and buddy comedies. He was behind “The Dick Van Dyke Show,” “Happy Days,” “The Odd Couple,” “The Princess Diaries” and, biggest of all, “Pretty Woman. ” _____ 11. Finally, police departments and community groups around the nation have been hunting for ways to defuse tensions, but Wichita, Kan. may have come up with an idea that’s the most fun: a barbecue, with music and dancing. A video of one young officer, Aaron Moses, doing the “  Slide” with black and white residents has gone viral. He says he’s being called “Officer Brown With the Get Down. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14356,Report: Nearly 1 In 4 Young Women Have Stopped Shaving Their Armpits - Breitbart,"23 percent of young women, or nearly 1 in 4, have stopped shaving their armpit hair, according to a report. [The percentage represents a large increase from 2013, when just 5 percent of young women admitted to not shaving under their arms.  15 percent of young women also confessed that they no longer shave their legs, compared to just 8 percent in 2013. “Clean eating is behind some of those changes. They’re worried about causing irritation from their skin because of these products,” said Roshida Khanom, an associate director at Mintel. “We can also see that they’re doing other things instead  —   so 29 percent say they’re adding steps to their skincare routine. ” “There’s also some pushing back against societal expectations of what women should look like,” she continued, citing feminists, who often do not shave in protest. The trend has hit the shaving and hair removal industry hard, according to The Telegraph, who wrote that “Industry figures show that sales of shaving and hair removal products fell by 5 percent between 2015 and 2016, from £598m to an estimated £567m. ” Despite this, male interest in image products has increased by a substantial amount, with 70 percent of young men opting to use conditioner, up from 44 percent in 2015. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
14357,Tom Ford on Moving Back to US: Trump Made Me ’Feel More Nationalistic’ - Breitbart,"Iconic fashion designer Tom Ford is opening up about how Donald Trump’s election made him want to move back to America, and the “tremendous number of people” who “feel disenfranchised. ”[“Oddly, it made me want to come back even more,” Ford told Women’s Wear Daily.  “We have a tremendous number of people in this country who feel disenfranchised and clearly we are not relating to or speaking to them,” the   filmmaker explained. “I am at my core American, and it made me want to come back. It didn’t make me want to run away. ” Ford, a longtime Democrat who hosted a fundraiser for Obama, says Trump’s message resonated with a “big part of the country” that has felt ignored. “I think when you sense that there is a divide in your country and that there are people who perhaps you’re not relating to, and that those of us who are fortunate enough to live in a world of very liberal human rights and privilege, it’s a   call that we’re not addressing a big part of the country that does feel disenfranchised,” Ford said. Echoing the sentiments behind Trump’s “America First” political agenda, Ford says the billionaire’s victory made him “feel more nationalistic. ” “It made me feel more nationalistic if anything. The whole country is not like New York and L. A. and the world that I am used to living in. ” WWD reports Fords is planning to move from London to a   $39 million home in Los Angeles. Ford was among the   designers, including and Marc Jacobs, who publicly declined to design clothing for Mrs. Trump. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
14358,Canada Posts Perfect Tweet After Immigration Website Crashes,"While the United States sits on the edge of its collective seat as Donald Trump gains an electoral vote majority in his bid for the White House, its neighbor to the north seems to be getting a little cheeky. 
Via Unilad 

Reminding America of the Great White North’s cultural acceptance and freedom, the country’s official Twitter account wrote on Tuesday evening: “In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with fellow citizens.”
In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens. pic.twitter.com/MOuStZbSX7 
— Canada (@Canada) November 9, 2016 

As a Canadian, I can attest to this. It’s a stark contrast to much of what Trump has proposed in the last 16 months: A border wall between the U.S. and Mexico, a ban on Muslims entering the country, and racial profiling.
But it looks like most Americans are taking it as an invitation: 
@JasonABowman Maybe they meant that as an invitation to join them, just in case?
— Jaimie Michelle (@JaimieMichelle) November 9, 2016 
@Canada do you mean Americans too?
— Stephen Whyno (@SWhyno) November 9, 2016 
"" @Canada : In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens."" pic.twitter.com/162lvBnKaN 
— bonafiedhoe (@pettyyonceh) November 9, 2016 
"" @Canada : In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens."" pic.twitter.com/162lvBnKaN 
— bonafiedhoe (@pettyyonceh) November 9, 2016 

The tweet comes just after Canada’a immigration site crashed in light of the now-looking-very-likely possibility of a Trump win.
This is what it used to look like: 

And this is what it looked like Tuesday night, as the US election results rolled in, with Donald Trump in the lead: 

Searches of ‘how to move to Canada’ surged starting at 6 p.m., according to Google Trends. And Quartz published a list of jobs in Canada that would be easy for Americans to apply for if they wished to relocate, Oregon Live reports.
Looks like Canada’s population is going to double soon…
",0
14359,Charge Comey with TREASON and Flush Out the Entire FBI,"Charge Comey with TREASON and Flush Out the Entire FBI 11/07/2016 In today’s video Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on FBI Director James Comey dropping investigation on Hillary Clinton’s emails. 11/07/2016 HIGH TIMES Nevada already has legal brothels, round-the-clock casinos and a coy catchphrase declaring that “what happ ... Russia, China Look To Autonomous Financial System 11/07/2016 TASS.COM Russia and China need to create an autonomous financial system which would be minimally subject to politic ... Worst Of Saudi Economic Slump Yet To Come 11/07/2016 PRESS TV Experts say the outlook for Saudi economic recovery will remain murky for many months to come with some even ... AMTV Archives",0
14360,27 Photos That Prove The Earth Is in Serious Danger & It’s Time To Be Worried Now,"We Are Change 
Often times we are blind to what is happening around us. Just because we cannot see the effects of pollution and over-stripping the Earth of her resources in our own backyards, doesn’t mean that it isn’t a very serious concern. Closing our eyes to these issues is not going to help the problems go away. The world used to be an absolutely beautiful place, but that beauty is slowly being pushed out by the trash of mankind. We are consuming more than what this Earth can handle and pretty soon the Earth will no longer be able to sustain mankind. Here are 27 pictures that will open your eyes to the serious danger that our very existence is in.
H/T Jill Stein & Unreal-Lists 
Please remember to subscribe To We Are Change and stay up to date with daily Videos.

Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post 27 Photos That Prove The Earth Is in Serious Danger & It’s Time To Be Worried Now appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
14361,How A Communist Brainwashing Method Was Exported To The United States,"During the height of the Cold War, the CIA attempted to develop mind control techniques with the MKULTRA program. As it happens, the Communists already had a leg up on them. We’ll explore how this was done, along with some new twists.
The criticism and self-criticism technique in history This is what happens to people who joke about Chairman Mao ripping off Hillary’s wardrobe.
The technique of “ criticism and self-criticism ” (kritika i samokritika) was developed during the early days of the Soviet Union . This got results. When the early Soviet show trials and purges took place, the targets would confess to committing treason—the details stretching credulity—and beg for execution. The Maoists (Chinese Communists) used it too, typically during “ struggle sessions .” Also, forced confessions were required in Vietnam for prisoners in reeducation camps .
What happened wasn’t much different from a medieval inquisition. Those targeted would be badgered until they confessed to whatever it was they supposedly did. Of course, physical forms of coercion were also an option. These weren’t actual trials; their fates were already decided.
The lucky ones were released and got to resume their lives as before, after their memorable reminder to toe the Party line. Others faced stiffer penalties than that: from loss of Party membership (and accompanying status) all the way up to execution. No amount of compliance or abject groveling could save them if it was predetermined that they were going to be purged or killed.
After the ordeal, survivors were surely scared witless. With their egos beaten down, they were ready to do as they were told without question. It’s basically a form of brainwashing. As for those who were executed after that, the purpose of going through the motions was for benefit of the audience. It was political theater, convincing those present that they were delivering justice to wrongdoers, and serving as an example of what could happen to those who step out of line.
Other than that, the “criticism and self-criticism” technique—badgering and forcing a confession—also was picked up in the USA during the 1960s by certain cults and oddball encounter groups. Today, we might think of these strange and humiliating rituals as a thing of the past, but the truth is that they’ve merely changed form . As I’ve noted previously , cultural Marxism is a crappy and inherently destructive “for-export” variety of Communism, so it’s no great surprise that it has adapted this technique for its purposes.
Modern witch hunts This is what happens to people who say that Bruce Jenner is actually a dude.
When people are encouraged to become incensed over even tiny things , this causes a “walking on eggshells” atmosphere. In today’s politically correct climate, it’s easy to run afoul of the Thought Police. This might result in a visit to the HR Department, or a campus “speech code” investigation. However, if the thoughtcrime is serious enough—or the target is prominent enough—then this can ignite a media circus . Also, someone could end up featured on a mailing list for Social Justice Warriors . Besides just trolling and harassment, this can result in doxxing (release of your personal information) or pressure on an employer to fire the thought criminal.
We in the Western world pride ourselves on the right to free speech. That was one of the main goals of liberalism, back in the 18th Century when liberalism was still a good thing. Actually, many “free” countries criminalize politically incorrect speech. Even in places that don’t have legal penalties for speaking your mind, it carries the risk of the loss of your livelihood . This effectively makes entire policy arguments forbidden to articulate, which naturally is the whole point. Other goals, of course, are information control and thus thought control. So much for freedom of speech! It took a few centuries, but liberals now oppose what they once stood for.
The following scenario has happened time and again. Someone points out an inconvenient truth , writes something that offends someone, donates to the “wrong” cause, mocks a feminist’s First World problems , tells an off-color joke , or even wears the wrong T-shirt . Then the feeding frenzy begins, resulting in torrents of criticism. Usually the target apologizes profusely, but loses his job no matter how abject or groveling his apologies are.
It’s possible to convince a judge and twelve jurors that you’re not guilty of something, but good luck getting the media or an online SJW mob to calm down and leave you alone! The traditional Communist session was better in one way. That is, they quit after breaking the target’s will. A modern feeding frenzy, though, can drag on for months, even after the target has been begging for forgiveness. What goes on the Internet can stay there forever, including lies about you.
If you get caught in a Social Justice Weenie witch hunt , never apologize. Explain and clarify if you absolutely must. This is for the benefit of the uncommitted; the SJWs will already have made up their small minds about you and won’t stop no matter what you do. Never let them break your frame! Instead, go on the attack. You have a right to your own opinion and to express it.
If you beg for their forgiveness, then you will be allowing them to turn their criticism into your self-criticism. Remember that groveling is unlikely to save you! Apologies are for people who actually did something wrong. Having a difference of opinion isn’t wrong, despite some people’s curious notions about freedom of speech.
Here are some other particulars to remember:
You can’t reason with them ; online mobs don’t know you and have been told that you’re an evildoer. You’ll probably never know exactly what was said about you, who said it, and what email list all that was on. (If you do find out, sue for defamation of character.) However, you can be sure that you’ve already been deemed guilty. They’re not interested in the truth. SJWs have great difficulty comprehending basic logic. Many of them don’t even believe in objective reality ; only their feelings are real to them. Why would the truth matter to these idiots? Finally, Social Justice Weenies are a bunch of losers . Their opinion of you matters less than that of a snotty child cursing you out. Therefore, don’t let these oxygen-wasters mess with your self-esteem. Societal criticism and self-criticism Wallowing in guilt at its finest
The Frankfurt School , a Communist think tank that moved to the USA and began subverting the educational system, developed critical theory . One of their top classics was Eros and Civilization by Herbert Marcuse. It contained lots of Freudian arguments on how our society was too repressed and we needed to loosen up our morals. Another was The Authoritarian Personality by Theodor Adorno. That too contained Freudian mumbo-jumbo, smearing right wing politics with accusations of neurosis and homo Daddy issues. All told, they wrote dozens of books along those lines, some attacking Western civilization directly. These vaporings wouldn’t have amounted to much, if they hadn’t become trendy in academia and influenced the 1960s zeitgeist.
Meanwhile, radical feminism—the Second Wave—was starting up. This too had lots of Communist influence , another front of cultural Marxism. This also was all about criticism of our culture. This caused friction between the sexes, driving a wedge deep into the heart of society. The results included the snarky, snotty, and spoiled attitudes you’ve surely encountered. Worse, this caused untold misery from high divorce rates and broken homes .
This was one of several movements that became prominent during the 1960s and are still with us today. (Surely you can think of many others.) The methodology was the same—all angrily made overblown complaints about how bad society has been to them. The way they tell it, they’re out fighting for their rights. The goal of cultural Marxism, though, was all about attacking our morale and softening us up. The people involved in those movements were merely tools, being used by leaders who were in it for power, money, and status.
The educational system has been dumbed down . History has been rewritten too. Figures like Christopher Columbus and the US Founding Fathers are bad guys now. Even as early as the 1980s, campuses were hell-bent in purging “DWEMs” (their charming term for “dead White European males”) from the literary canon. None of this was really about inclusiveness; it’s all about robbing our people of our heritage, making us ashamed of our accomplishments, and destroying our resolve.
The propaganda is everywhere. Television is full of social and political messages, even in shows for children , and piggybacked onto advertisements too. “Sensitivity training” courses deliver politically correct indoctrination. College campuses are notorious for pushing propaganda. This even happens to elementary school kids. (My first exposure was in second grade.) Some of the indoctrination exercises require audience participation, such as forcing them to fill out “privilege” checklists (with the facts cherry-picked ) to instill a sense of “collective guilt.”
All this has worked according to plan. Many are out of touch with their roots, and don’t understand that they have a heritage worth preserving. Worse, others have been infected by guilt trips. Sometimes this leads to public spectacles of wallowing in guilt; again, there’s the self-criticism part.
The antidote to this is the truth. The fact is, every civilization has its good points and its bad points, and ours is no exception. It’s rotten hypocrisy for the bullshit merchants in academia and the media to dwell on our faults and overlook those of other parts of the world, while selectively ignoring our accomplishments and elevating those of others . The truth is that none of our shortcomings or misdeeds are solely found in Western civilization, but some of our good characteristics are indeed unique.
You can protect your children by home schooling them or sending them to a private school where they won’t be indoctrinated. You can always get rid of your TV too. Meanwhile, though, millions of other students will be putty in the hands of propagandizing professors and teachers, and of course the lying media. Those pushing this from the top down must be called out, exposed, and removed from power.
Read More: 13 Common SJW “Arguments” And How to Dismantle Them 
",0
14362,Comment on Obamamometer Whispers DAPL Sweet Nothings to Lure Progressives by flora,"by Jerri-Lynn Scofield 
By Jerri-Lynn Scofield, who has worked as a securities lawyer and a derivatives trader. She now spends most of her time in India and other parts of Asia researching a book about textile artisans. She also writes regularly about legal, political economy, and regulatory topics for various consulting clients and publications, as well as writes occasional travel pieces for The National . 
Just in time to pander for progressive votes in the home stretch leading into the election, the Obamamometer suggested earlier this week that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers may be open to rerouting the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), currently the subject of protests organized in support of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other pipeline opponents. 
The DAPL is designed to transport light sweet crude oil from the Bakken Shield in North Dakota — an area not served by existing pipelines — through South Dakota, Iowa, and Illinois. DAPL would supersede the previous distribution arrangements, under which oil from this source was shipped by train. 
What’s now occurring follows the playbook I suggested would be used in my September post, Dakota Pipeline Will Proceed As Feds Undertake Smoke and Mirrors Policy Reconsideration . And the administration is still promising to pay us on Tuesday. 
Soft, Sibilant, Sweet Nothings 
As reported DeSmogBlog’s Steven Horn, in As President Obama Hints At Dakota Access Possible Reroute, Tensions Swirl at Standing Rock — which is worth a read for the additional details and context it provides, the Obamamometer said the Corps would consider rerouting following a continued consultation process. His key weasel words: 
right now the Army Corps is examining whether there are ways we can reroute this pipeline, so we’re going to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that is properly attentive to the tradition of First Americans. 
To be fair, he did genuflect in the direction of the First Amendment and call for both authorities and protestors to show restraint (as reported by the BBC ): 
There is an obligation for protesters to be peaceful, and there’s an obligation for authorities to show restraint… I want to make sure that as everybody is exercising their constitutional rights to be heard, that both sides are refraining from situations that might result in people being hurt. 
Standing Rock Sioux Ask for DOJ Investigation 
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe has asked the Department of Justice to intervene and investigate alleged civil rights abuses in pipeline policing, which has been conducted by state and local police and private security companies. North Dakota earlier this month approved an additional $4 million for policing the DAPL protest, raising total expenditures to 10 million . 
Horn’s article features an embedded video showing a policing crackdown. Video: North Dakota police/military forces attack water protectors in Cannonball river with chemical weapons. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/gXTZ9umwLq 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) 2 November 2016 
The Wall Street Journal also posted video footage filmed yesterday. 
Faith in Vague Promises 
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe issued a press release in which they chose to take the Obamamometer at his word: 
We applaud President Obama’s commitment to protect our sacred lands, our water, and the water of 17 million others. 
While the Army Corps of Engineers is examining this issue we call on the administration and the Corps to issue an immediate “stop work order” on the Dakota Access Pipeline. And given the flawed process that has put our drinking water in jeopardy, we also urge the Administration to call for a full environmental impact study. 
The nation and the world are watching. The injustices done to Native people in North Dakota and throughout the country must be addressed. 
We believe President Obama and his Administration will do the right thing. 
Yet as Horn reported, Greenpeace is made of stronger stuff: 
The administration seems to be buying time to maintain the status quo and profits for fossil fuel investors,” Greenpeace USA spokeswoman Lilian Molina said in a press release. “There is only one option that is truly attentive to the Native lives and lands at stake: respect the rights and sovereignty of Indigenous communities by revoking the permits immediately.” 
Greenpeace USA, meanwhile, called for Obama to reverse the Army Corps permit granted for the pipeline. It opined that Obama was engaging in a stalling tactic. 
“The administration seems to be buying time to maintain the status quo and profits for fossil fuel investors,” Greenpeace USA spokeswoman Lilian Molina said in a press release. “There is only one option that is truly attentive to the Native lives and lands at stake: respect the rights and sovereignty of Indigenous communities by revoking the permits immediately.” 
Will Wider Audience Be Gulled? 
The intended audience for the Obamamometer’s remarks is much wider than those immediately involved in the protests. The BBC report notes, “The protest has gathered widespread attention and social media support, prompting 1.4 million people to ‘check in’ to the location on Facebook in solidarity. The Democrats are clearly trying to maximize turnout among younger progressives, many of whom have shown little inclination to support Hillary Clinton’s candidacy. 
Despite the need to attract these votes, Clinton hewed to her game plan of offering few positive reasons to support her candidacy and missed the chance to make this issue one on which she’d stake out a progressive position. Instead, as Horn noted, she “offered a wishy-washy statement on the project, using many words to say very little”, and which said in part: 
From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects… 
Now, all of the parties involved—including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes—need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest. As that happens, it’s important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators’ rights to protest peacefully, and workers’ rights to do their jobs safely. 
Ongoing Formal, Government-To-Government Consultations 
As I wrote in September, 
The Department of Justice, the Department of the Army, and the Department of the Interior waded into the controversy over construction of the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL) [yesterday], shortly after U.S. federal court judge James E. Boasberg denied a request for a preliminary injunction to halt its construction in his Standing Rock Sioux Tribe v U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ruling. 
The three agencies recognized: 
…[T}his case has highlighted the need for a serious discussion on whether there should be nationwide reform with respect to considering tribes’ views on these types of infrastructure projects. Therefore, this fall, we will invite tribes to formal, government-to-government consultations on two questions: (1) within the existing statutory framework, what should the federal government do to better ensure meaningful tribal input into infrastructure-related reviews and decisions and the protection of tribal lands, resources, and treaty rights; and (2) should new legislation be proposed to Congress to alter that statutory framework and promote those goals. 
The three agencies continue to conduct these consultations on federal infrastructure decisions, with a key meeting scheduled for November 17 in Rapid City, South Dakota and the final session due to be completed via teleconference on November 21. Conveniently, these discussions will conclude after election day. 
Pipeline Proponents Didn’t Get the Memo 
Unsurprisingly, pipeline proponents opposed even the weak commitment seemingly made in the interview. Some of the parties to the pipeline have entered into long-term binding contracts with shippers in anticipation of the DAPL and its related facilities coming on stream later this year. Despite the announcement in the three agency statement that the Corps of Engineers would not authorize constructing DAPL on Corps land bordering or under Lake Oahe until it conducted a further policy review– and asking that”the pipeline company voluntarily pause all construction activity within 20 miles east or west of Lake Oahu”, construction on the rest of the pipeline has proceeded, so that now it is estimated that the DAPL is now more than three-quarters completed. 
The Wall Street Journal quoted a spokeswoman for Energy Transfer Partners LP, which is constructing DAPL, as saying: 
the company isn’t aware of any consideration being given to rerouting the project. She said the company also expects to receive the final federal approval for a disputed portion of the pipeline in a timely fashion. 
In an internal company memo on Sept. 13, Energy Transfer CEO Kelcy Warren said the pipeline was nearly 60% complete and that the company had spent more than $1.6 billion on the project. 
Likely Outcome? 
Despite the hopes and dreams of progressives, the administration will face heavy pressure to conclude its review process in time for those involved in the project to honour existing supply contracts. Alternatively issue may be dumped onto the incoming administration. The WSJ reported that neither the Trump nor Clinton campaign has taken a position on DAPL construction. 
Despite the Obamamometer’s remarks, I’d be very surprised indeed if the Corps were to present a viable plan to reroute the pipeline at this late date. And if it does, further lawsuits would inevitably follow. 0 0 0 0 0 1",0
14363,Comment on Former CIA Officer: “Every Single Terrorist Attack In US Was A False Flag Attack” by Police State,"Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / Former CIA Officer: “Every Single Terrorist Attack In US Was A False Flag Attack” Former CIA Officer: “Every Single Terrorist Attack In US Was A False Flag Attack” Jay Syrmopoulos October 1, 2016 34 Comments 
Washington, D.C. — While it is a commonly know fact that the CIA utilizes foreign terror groups to destabilize governments targeted by the United States, a much lesser known fact is that numerous whistleblowers have come forward to claim that U.S. intelligence services not only use terrorism to achieve foreign policy goals, but to actually create domestic terror incidents to “blind the masses.” 
The most recent intelligence whistleblower is David Steele, a 20-year Marine Corps intelligence officer, and the second-highest-ranking civilian in the U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence. 
Steele, a former CIA clandestine services case officer, had this to say: 
“Most terrorists are false flag terrorists, or are created by our own security services. In the United States, every single terrorist incident we have had has been a false flag, or has been an informant pushed on by the FBI. In fact, we now have citizens taking out restraining orders against FBI informants that are trying to incite terrorism. We’ve become a lunatic asylum.” 
Many people are confused as to what a false flag attack entails. A commonly held misperception is that there is no actual incident/event and it was all staged, but this definition is critically flawed, as a false flag attack actually describes a covert operation that is designed to deceive in such a way that the operations appear as though they are being carried out by entities, groups, or nations other than those who actually planned and executed them. 
An example of a false flag attack is Operation Northwoods, which was a proposed operation against the Cuban government that originated within the Department of Defense (DoD) and the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) of the United States government in 1962. The proposals called for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) or other U.S. government operatives to commit acts of terrorism against American civilians and military targets, blaming it on the Cuban government, and using it to justify a war against Cuba. The proposals made it all the way to the president’s desk, where they were rejected by John F. Kennedy. 
Many people believe the attacks of 9/11 to be a false flag event, perhaps orchestrated by U.S. intelligence services or an entity that operates above the level of government entities (commonly referred to as the deep state/military industrial complex.) 
The alleged purpose of this false flag attack was to justify the invasion of other countries, and usher in a heightened state of “national security,” precipitating the curtailing of civil liberties in the name of “safety.” 
In turn, the citizens of a state falsely believe that engaging in murderous wars are wholly justified and gladly accept new and intrusive security measures to protect the society. This often results in a false sense of patriotism that people have been indoctrinated into believing due to their skewed perception of reality. Subsequently, men and women join the military machine with good hearts, believing that they are serving in the name of freedom and fighting terrorism — when what they are actually doing is the complete opposite. 
“The truth is, there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al-Qaeda, and any informed intelligence officer knows this. But, there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an intensified entity representing the ‘devil’ only in order to drive TV watchers to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism. The country behind this propaganda is the United States.” – Former British Foreign Secretary, Robin Cook. 
The reality is that people are participating in fabricated wars based on lies and misinformation sold to the public as truth. Share ♓Ξ▲ѴƳ Ƙ∆RM∆~Ð∈ßϯ ＳᏝ▲V∈ 
“Surprise, surprise, surprise”! ~ Gomer Pyle Jamie Hall 
Nice touch. Karel Bellic 
well if the thuglivesmatter brigade actually stopped, and dropped their guns when told to do so, then they wouldnt get shot dead. Its not rocket science. (Although, to some sections of the ‘public’ it may seem like a really intelligent thing to do, so for that reason alone, they dont do it…. ) JennaTrull 
You’re not even trolling the right article, you racist fuckwit! Hugh Culliton 
Jenna, you just made me actually laugh milk out my nose! Thank you for making my night! LOTFL! Beasy 
Naive, you’re exactly the type of person he’s talking about that’ll believe anything the government says ,even though people are protesting the unarmed killings SAVAGE MoBetta Jenkum 
Bill Clinton had a 12 year affair with his Oval Office secretary Whitney Gilmore. They have a daughter together Alyssa Gilmore. Jay 
You really are the quintessential example of the type of people who caused the rise of Hitler in ’33 and kept him in power when murdering millions of innocent people. You should be ashamed of yourself, that you even call yourself an “American” is absolutely resentfully disgusting. gininitaly 
2016 to date 70 cops supposedly killed in the line of ‘duty’ while 863 of all races were killed by the thugs in blue. Do you know what racism is, other than the bad habit of the ignorant? The great distraction for bigots, while your government and their corporate/bankster buddies extract the wealth of America into their pockets. Anonymous 
What does BLM have to do with false flag attacks??? m96 
Funded by Soros? 🙂 Anonymous 
Soros funds all the false flag attacks??? We aren’t a fan of Soros, but would you have any proof of that? Karel Bellic 
well, my tablet is lagging again, but… who cares. ,;-) Paschn 
Doubtless a covert action by that conglomerate Obama “gifted” our internet to. My desk top has been “jitter-bugging” for months. Nite_Owl 
Well if Soviet Government TV says so it MUST be true! Really FTP? With all the disgusting truth out there you can print you resort to these crap dealers as sources? When did you start swallowing Putin’s ejaculate? That’s just lazy BS tabloid journalism on par with the National Enquirer. Carolyn Pearl 
Had you thought to do any research, even Wikipedia, you’d find that Operation Northwoods was a genuine psy-ops plan that involved, amongst other things, creating terrorist incidents within the USA which would give us an excuse to invade Cuba. Several other Operations were aligned with it, including plans to blow up a jet, use terrorism in Florida and on our own naval bases. If you’re going to be naive that’s your choice, but I’d personally rather face the possibility of a different truth than what we’re spoon fed. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Northwoods Nite_Owl 
The US government and military have plans for everything. They have plans for the stupidest things you could possibly think of from repelling Martian invasion fleets to attacking and occupying every country on earth including their closest friends. See The Men Who Stare at Goats for an amusing look at one of their better plans.Staring at goats to try and kill them and yes you funded that. The truth is they’re mostly all clinically insane and shouldn’t even be allowed near matches let alone a whole fucking country’s people and resources but here we are. Would a sane country let a man like Trump ANYWHERE near the Oval Office? lcj240 
Would a sane country where people actually look at the candidates records and policies ever let a warmonger like Hillary be in control? junktex",0
14364,FBI Weiner Probe Reopens Hillary Clinton Investigation - Clinton Foundation Pay to Play for Israeli Pork Is Not Kosher - President Trump Will Make America Great Again #MAGA,"
EXCLUSIVE #Breaking FBI Reopens Investigation! ""Hillary Caught Selling Political Favors to Israel""?   
Victurus Libertas Published on Oct 28, 2016 

The FBI was investigating Anthony Weiner and Kim Dotcom when they found the Israeli pay to play emails on Weiner's computer. It's very serious. The FBI will be charging Hillary Clinton with planning to engage in pay to play after she had won the election. It's technically treason. Weiner was bragging that he had set up the Israeli deal. HRC was to get $100 million for the Clinton Foundation, for increasing Israeli aid by double! That's $38 billion more than today! Huma Abedin helped set the deal up. 


HILLARY GOT SCHLONGED! LOOK WHAT ANTHONY WEINER JUST SHOVED RIGHT BACK IN HER FACE…   
REPORT: INVESTIGATION INTO ANTHONY WEINER LED FBI TO NEW PROBE OF CLINTON'S EMAILS   
Donald Trump Unloads on Hillary, Huma Abedin & Anthony Weiner   
""You're a Real Scumbag, Anthony""  


Related: 

Rothschild Globalist Cartel Owns Healthless Hillary Clinton   

Clinton Foundation's Huma Abedin Has Run ""Human Trafficking in Unpaid Interns""   

Billionaire Degenerate Jeffrey Epstein's Underage Sex Slave Scandal Taints Hillary and Jeb - Clinton–Bush Pedophilia Coverup - Mossad Blackmail Influence Over Leading Politicians - Robert & Ghislaine Maxwell - Jane Doe 102 - Epstein's Sweetheart Deal: Celebrity Lawyers Alan Dershowitz, Kenneth Starr, Roy Black - ""Little St. James"": The Name of Jeffrey Epstein's ""Egg-Shaped Penis""?   

The Situation Is So Intense, It Involves the Entire US Government | FBI Insider   

*EXPLOSIVE* Q & A on the Clinton Foundation - FBI Insider on 4chan /pol/ : ""Ask Me Anything About the Clinton Case"" - George Soros Is the Kingpin - Follow the Rothschild Thread - Clinton Foundation Uses People as Currency - Jeffrey Epstein's Child Sex Trafficking Network - Bill & Hillary Clinton Get Paid in Money & Children - Hammer HRC's E-mails, Dig Into the CF: Post Everywhere You Can   ",0
14365,Trump Nominees’ Filings Threaten to Overwhelm Federal Ethics Office - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Rex W. Tillerson owns more than $50 million of Exxon Mobil stock, has earned an annual salary of $10 million and holds a range of positions  —   from director at the Boy Scouts of America to the managing director of a Texas horse and cattle ranch. But Mr. Tillerson is prepared to resign from all those posts, sell all his stock and put much of his money into bland investments like Treasury bonds if he becomes secretary of state, according to an “ethics undertakings” memo he filed this week with the State Department. And, if he returns to the oil industry in the next decade, he could lose as much as $180 million. The   ethics letter detailing Mr. Tillerson’s commitments is the first of hundreds that will be made public in the coming weeks by members of   Donald J. Trump’s cabinet and other top political appointees, presenting a historic test of the federal government’s ability to identify conflicts of interest  —   and figure out ways to avoid them. Mr. Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history, filled with millionaires and billionaires with complicated financial portfolios. Mr. Tillerson is worth at least $300 million, but is hardly the richest among them: Wilbur L. Ross Jr. the commerce secretary nominee Betsy DeVos, the education secretary nominee and Steven T. Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary nominee, each hold assets estimated at more than a billion dollars. Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s wealthy    is in the process of submitting his own forms as he prepares to take a formal White House position, people involved in the process said. “The Office of Government Ethics is stressed, no doubt about that,” said Robert Rizzi, a partner at Steptoe  Johnson, who represents half a dozen Trump administration nominees going through the process, although he would not name them, citing confidentiality agreements. “They are having some difficulty keeping up. ” All of the cabinet appointees and hundreds of others must submit a financial disclosure report detailing all the assets they own, their approximate value and income from any source they have made in the last year. Some of the nominees are so wealthy  —   and their assets so varied  —   there are not enough boxes on the standard form for them, lawyers involved in the process said. The disclosures are then used by the agencies they are to take over, along with the Office of Government Ethics, to identify potential conflicts of interest and to negotiate ethics letters to be signed by the nominees, committing to avoid conflicts of interest. At the same time, this class of wealthy incoming officials could save hundreds of millions of dollars in income tax payments, thanks to a special tax benefit created so that affluent Americans do not avoid federal government jobs. The Trump administration, lawyers involved in the effort said, is behind where it should be in this process of disentangling conflicts of interest. This is partly a reflection of the extraordinary complexity of negotiating such conflict of interest agreements for incoming government officials worth hundreds of millions, or even billions, of dollars. “Usually, you just own a bunch of stocks and bonds, but he’s getting people that own buildings and real estate and stuff you can’t sell,” said Alan Johnson, a New   compensation consultant. “He has Wilbur Ross, who is probably involved in a gazillion different things. I think it is going to be very complicated to try to disentangle all of these things. ” Mr. Ross is a billionaire investor and former banker who made a fortune in steel, coal, telecommunications and other industries. Under federal law, executive branch employees, including cabinet members, are prohibited from using their positions in the government to enrich themselves, meaning they are not allowed to participate in any particular matter that might directly financially benefit assets they own. The best way to avoid such a conflict, said Lawrence M. Noble, former general counsel at the Federal Election Commission, is to sell any assets  —   like Exxon Mobil stock or any individual company stock  —   and put proceeds into Treasury bonds or mutual funds. “We don’t want the decisions that these individuals make to be influenced  —   in reality, or even appearance  —   by their own financial interests,” Mr. Noble said. “They are working for the American people, and not to enrich themselves or their families. ” The rules do not apply to the president and vice president, although ethics experts  —   and even the Office of Government Ethics  —   have urged Mr. Trump to divest his assets voluntarily to rid himself of potential concerns as he takes over the White House. He has thus far resisted such a move, saying that he plans to let his two oldest sons and other Trump Organization executives manage the business, perhaps with an outside monitor. For appointees like Mr. Tillerson, the transition to government can have lucrative benefits: They can take advantage of measures in the tax code meant to be an incentive for wealthy people to consider public service jobs. The measure was put in place during the administration of the first President George Bush. This tax benefit, which requires    approval by the Office of Government Ethics, allows government officials to defer paying capital gains taxes on certain assets that they must sell in order to clear potential conflicts as they take office  —   essentially providing them with   loans. To gain the tax advantage, the liquidated proceeds must then be invested in Treasury bonds, mutual funds or   funds, and the official must seek a certificate of divestiture. Until now, Henry M. Paulson Jr. Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush, has been the most prominent example of a public official who has taken advantage of the divestiture certificate. In 2006, Mr. Paulson left Goldman Sachs and sold an estimated $500 million in Goldman stock, deferring taxes on the sale. In his memo, Mr. Tillerson suggested that he was likely to seek such a certificate, and laid out a series of plans to divorce himself from financial engagements, board appointments and Exxon Mobil. This means he will most likely avoid capital gains taxes based on his sale of $50 million in Exxon Mobil stock he owns, as well as shares in more than 150 companies including Airbus and the Walt Disney Company, all of which he has promised to sell off within 90 days of his confirmation, his ethics documents suggest. But a more complicated task involved resolving the fate of two million shares of Exxon Mobil stock, worth about $180 million, that Mr. Tillerson was set to receive over the next decade. If he held on to this promised future payout from Exxon Mobil, he would still have a financial interest in matters that might affect the company and the oil industry. So Exxon Mobil agreed to take the unusual step of paying out the value of these sales and putting the money into an independent trust, with the money invested in neutral assets like Treasury bonds and mutual funds. Under the terms of the agreement, if Mr. Tillerson, 64, goes back into the oil industry during the next decade, he will forfeit any money left in the account. Richard W. Painter, a White House ethics lawyer during the administration of President George W. Bush, said this provision preventing Mr. Tillerson from returning to the oil industry was unusual and positive, as it removes the incentive for him to take steps while in government that might benefit an industry he planned to return to work for upon his departure. “It gives up something I had never been able to get from other government officials  —   a promise not to go back to an industry from which you came,” Mr. Painter said. Still, some environmental activists say such steps cannot address what they argue will be Mr. Tillerson’s inherent bias in the State Department. “It is impossible for this man to remove his career, and frankly his personality, from the oil and gas industry,” said Lena Moffitt, director of a Sierra Club campaign trying to reduce the nation’s reliance on fossil fuels. “He has been knee deep in this industry for more than four decades. ”",0
14366,Ukrainian politicians scramble to delete old anti-Trump posts - Fort Russ,"Ukrainian politicians scramble to delete old anti-Trump posts November 9, 2016 - Fort Russ - PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - Ukrainian politicians are rushing to delete their posts on social networks in which they called Donald Trump different offensive words. Among the epithets sprinkled on the Republican candidate and new US President were “dangerous marginal,"" ""complete idiot,"" and “clown.” If Arseniy Yatsenyuk, having already left Ukrainian Olympus, might not threatened by the consequences of destructively criticizing the new US president, then the acting head of Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs, Arsen Avakov, will have to explain the words he wrote on Facebook as well as the accompanying picture. ""US presidential candidate Trump's shameless statement on the possibility of recognizing Crimea as Russian is a diagnosis of a dangerous marginal. He is just as dangerous for Ukraine as he is for the US. A marginal indulging Putin's dictatorship cannot be a guarantor of democratic freedoms in the US and the world..No wonder Manafort earlier headed Yanukovych's headquarters, and now Trump's. Yanukovich fled to Russia through Crimea. Where will Manafort take Trump? #Trumpisours"" Besides the ex-prime minister and head of the Ukrainian interior ministry, deputies of the Verkhovna Rada, diplomats, and other officials have bad mouthed Trump. Ukraine’s ambassador to the UN, Yuri Sergeev, called the newly elected US president a clown. ""Apparently, the clown Trump has gone off the rails on his tour. He is a greater danger to the US than terrorism."" The Kiev-based political analyst Kost Bondarenko sarcastically advised everyone insulting Trump to look at the experience of the French press writing about Napoleon Bonaparte depending on when he won or not. “Trump’s victory reminds me of a classic anecdote from the early 19th century. After Napoleon returned from the island of Elba and began his march on Paris, a Parisian newspaper printed rather endemic editorials with such titles as ‘The Corsican Monster Broke Loose and Landed in the Gulf of Juan’, ‘The Ogre is in Grasse,’‘The Usurper has entered Grenoble’, ‘Bonaparte captured Lyon,’‘Napoleon is closing in on Fontainebleau,’ and then ‘Today His Imperial Majesty will Arrive in his Loyal Paris and Hold a Banquet at the Tuileries Palace.' Follow the comments and publications in the Ukrainian media,” Bondarenko wrote. Follow us on Facebook! ",0
14367,Shooter of Truck Terrorist: Soldiers Hesitated to Act Due to Elor Azaria Conviction,"The Jerusalem Post reports: The military trainer that shot and killed the terrorist who rammed his truck into a group of people killing four in Jerusalem’s Armon Hanatziv neighborhood on Sunday said that IDF soldiers on the scene were hesitant to shoot due in part to the conviction of IDF soldier Elor Azaria on manslaughter charges. [The military trainer, identifying himself as Eitan, told Army Radio that “after rolling back on the grass, I saw the truck go in reverse, and then I realized that it wasn’t an accident. ”  Eitan said, “I ran toward him and emptied my whole clip. He drove backward and onto the wounded again. I saw them quiet, some wounded and some scared. It wasn’t a good scene. ” Read more here.",0
14368,Italy: Muslim Mother Shaves Head of Daughter Who Refused to Wear Veil,"A Muslim mother has shaved the head of her    daughter in Bologna, Italy, on learning that the child was taking off her headscarf as soon as she would leave the house. [The   girl would reportedly put her headscarf back on just before returning to the family home, but her deception was eventually caught by her mother on Wednesday, who summarily cut off all her hair.  When the girl arrived to school bald on Thursday, her teachers inquired into what had happened, and when she told them, the school principal decided to inform the police, who took the girl into custody. Charges of mistreatment and abuse have been brought against the girl’s parents, who are of Bangladeshi origin, and the case has been handed over to the local prosecutor of offenses involving minors, together with the cooperation of social services. The mayor of Bologna, Virginio Merola, criticized the punishment inflicted on the girl as “unacceptable parental authoritarianism” and warned that “those who come to Italy must follow our laws and our Constitution. ” The Bologna coordinator of the Muslim community, Yassine Lafram, also took the girl’s side in the matter, stating that according to Islamic tradition “any form of coercion makes the act itself invalid. ” All the prescriptions of Islam, from the Ramadan fast to the pilgrimage to Mecca, “are part of a free choice of the person and no one can impose them, religiously speaking,” Lafram said. At the same time, Lafram said it is necessary “to help the family, including the mother herself, and to understand what motivated her to carry out this act. ” “It’s too easy to condemn her and hand her over to the mediatic slaughterhouse,” he said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
14369,"Very concerned about Islam-sanctioned persecution of gays by Muslim, gays come out in force for Trump","Very concerned about Islam-sanctioned persecution of gays by Muslim, gays come out in force for Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump kicked off a marathon day of campaigning with a speech to over 4,000 supporters at the Jacksonville Equestrian Center on Thursday. And John LaBarbera and Craig Starling, wearing rainbow ‘Gays for Trump’ T-shirts, made sure they were there. Breitbart “We’re concerned about the possibility of Musilm terrorism and anti-gay violence such as the deadly attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando,” Starling told Breitbart News. “Trump is better on security and immigration.” LaBarbera, who drove with Starling from Savannah, Georgia, to attend the rally, agreed, adding that he also preferred Trump’s economic policies. He said that he had lost several yard signs to theft, and had endured hate on Facebook. But he added that people at Savannah’s gay pride rally had been “kind” when they set up a booth for Trump, and that Trump fans at the rally had been “supportive” as well. Other “Gays for Trump” signs have been popping up at Trump rallies elsewhere in the Sunshine State. One supporter waved a homemade sign at Trump’s rally in Orlando on Wednesday. And Trump emerged onstage in Colorado on Sunday holding a rainbow flag with the words “LGBTs for Trump” written on it. More and more gays are supporting Donald Trump. In light of the Orlando terror attack they realize that Trump is the only one who will keep them safe. Hillary helped to create ISIS with her bumbling handling of Libya and the killing of Muammar Gaddafi. In addition, Hillary Clinton supports and takes millions of dollars from Saudis, who not only abuse and execute gays, they also treat women like second-class citizens.",0
14371,"Hillary Clinton Calls Many Trump Backers ‘Deplorables,’ and G.O.P. Pounces - The New York Times","Republicans from the presidential ticket on down pounced Saturday on Hillary Clinton’s remarks that half of Donald J. Trump’s supporters fit into a “basket of deplorables,” saying it showed she was out of touch with an economically   electorate. Mrs. Clinton’s comments Friday night, which were a variation of a sentiment she has expressed in other settings recently, came at a   in Manhattan. “You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right?” she said to applause and laughter. “The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic  —   you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. ” By Saturday morning, #BasketofDeplorables was trending on Twitter as Mr. Trump’s campaign demanded an apology. His supporters hoped to use the remark as evidence that Mrs. Clinton cannot connect to the voters she hopes to represent as president. “Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the polls!” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter. Speaking at the Values Voter Summit, a gathering of Christian conservatives in Washington on Saturday, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, Mr. Trump’s running mate, said: “Hillary, they are not a basket of anything. They are Americans and they deserve your respect. ” By Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Clinton had acknowledged her stumble. “Last night I was ‘grossly generalistic,’ and that’s never a good idea,” she said in a statement. “I regret saying ‘half’  —   that was wrong. ” She then used the opportunity to double down on her criticism of her opponent. “It’s deplorable that Trump has built his campaign largely on prejudice and paranoia,” she said, “and given a national platform to hateful views and voices, including by retweeting fringe bigots with a few dozen followers and spreading their message to 11 million people. ” Mrs. Clinton’s remarks flipped, for a day at least, the familiar script of the 2016 campaign, in which Mr. Trump slights a large group of people and she quickly rebukes him. They were also out of character given her usual studied care in choosing words. Her campaign slogan is “Stronger Together,” and she has built her message around inclusiveness, in contrast to denigrating comments Mr. Trump has made about Mexicans, Muslims, women and other groups. Much of her ad campaign is built around using Mr. Trump’s comments to portray him as an unsuitable leader. But for all the policies she says would lift   wages and alleviate income inequality, Mrs. Clinton has struggled with the perception by many voters that she is not on their side. Asked whether they thought Mrs. Clinton understands the needs and problems of people like themselves, 53 percent of registered voters said she did not, according to a CBS News poll from June. The Democratic National Convention in July and a bus tour in Pennsylvania and Ohio   on   issues seemed to help Mrs. Clinton. In an August ABC   Post poll, 55 percent of Americans said Mrs. Clinton understood the problems of people like them better than Mr. Trump, compared with 35 percent who named him. But Mrs. Clinton devoted much of August to   in the moneyed enclaves of the Hamptons and Martha’s Vineyard. At some of these events, which were closed to the press, she uses the “baskets” characterization of Trump voters. After barring the press from most   the Clinton campaign has tried to be more open in the   Day sprint. Aides allowed a small group of reporters in Mrs. Clinton’s regular press corps to cover the Friday event, which took place at Cipriani on Wall Street and for a contribution of $1, 200 to $10, 000 included performances by Barbra Streisand and Rufus Wainwright. A spokesman for the Trump campaign, Jason Miller, said what made Mrs. Clinton’s comments particularly   was that she made them “in front of wealthy donors” and that the setting and statement, “revealed just how little she thinks of the   men and women of America. ” Mrs. Clinton made a similar remark on Israeli television on Thursday, saying “We’ve always had a kind of paranoiac, prejudicial element within our politic. ” But she did not specify how many of Mr. Trump’s supporters fit into that category. It was the characterization of “half of Trump’s supporters” on Friday that struck some Republicans as similar to the damning “47 percent” remark made by their own nominee, Mitt Romney, in his 2012 campaign against President Obama. At a private   Mr. Romney, who Democrats had already sought to portray as a cold corporate titan, said 47 percent of voters were “dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims” and who “pay no income tax. ” “Romney’s 47% comment was bad. Hillary calling tens of millions of American men  women ‘deplorable’ is inexcusable and disqualifying,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, an adviser to Mr. Trump and the daughter of Mike Huckabee, the former governor of Arkansas, wrote on Twitter. Mrs. Clinton’s remark, which she delivered lightheartedly, also harked back to Mr. Obama’s gaffe at a San Francisco   in 2008 that economically struggling Americans “get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy towards people who aren’t like them. ” That time, it was Mrs. Clinton who seized on her opponent’s comment to paint him as elitist as the two Democrats battled before the Pennsylvania primary, which she went on to win by nine percentage points. Her remarks on Friday were a more pointed version of her earlier criticisms of the movement her opponent has spurred. Last month in a speech in Reno, Nev. Mrs. Clinton devoted an address to criticizing Mr. Trump for “taking hate groups mainstream” and “helping a radical fringe take over the Republican Party. ” “She gave an entire speech about how the   is using his campaign to advance its hate movement,” Nick Merrill, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, wrote on Twitter, using a loosely defined term that is often used to describe white nationalist and   sentiment. Other aides and supporters jumped to Mrs. Clinton’s defense, noting that after describing the “deplorables,” Mrs. Clinton went on to sympathetically weave another rhetorical basket of Trump voters: “People who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures. And they’re just desperate for change. ” “Those are the people,” she said, “we have to understand and empathize with. ” In talking points given to surrogates on Saturday, and obtained by The New York Times, the campaign advised anyone speaking about the “deplorable” issue in the news media to reiterate that while Mrs. Clinton intended to say “some” instead of “half,” Mr. Trump, as she had pointed out in the past, “has clearly brought the  ’s hate into his campaign and into the mainstream. ” The talking points advised that anyone who is pressed on the “deplorable” remarks should assert that the news media was holding Mrs. Clinton to a different standard than Mr. Trump, with this suggested rejoinder: “Are they going to make more out of this story than they made out of the racist, misogynistic Trump comments that got us here in the first place?” Prof. Jennifer Mercieca, an expert in American political discourse at Texas AM University, said in an email that the “deplorable” comment “sounds bad on the face of it” and compared it to Mr. Romney’s 47 percent gaffe. “The comment demonstrates that she (like Romney) lacks empathy for that group,” Professor Mercieca said. “To be fair, she has characterized the group as homophobic, xenophobic, racist, and etc. and those qualities are not ones that we celebrate in America. ” It sounded, Professor Mercieca said, as if Mrs. Clinton had written off a large chunk of Trump voters as ones who would never vote for her, a view that might be accurate. “It likely won’t help her ‘likability’ with undecideds, but it may help her to mobilize Clinton supporters to more actively participate in her campaign,” she said. “I think that was the goal. ” An excerpt from Mrs. Clinton’s remarks Friday night:",0
14372,Pro Football Hall of Fame Releases Rare Lombardi Super Bowl I Press Conference Audio - Breitbart,"The Pro Football Hall of Fame has done something truly great, and exclusively released rare audio from Vince Lombardi’s Super Bowl I press conference. [The incredible historical sound can be heard here:   For historical perspective, the Packers crushed the Chiefs  . The Packers and the Chiefs could have met again in the Super Bowl this year, had the Steelers not ruined that by beating the Chiefs over the weekend. How amazing to listen to NFL teams playing each other as, “interleague play. ” Not exactly a term anyone nowadays normally attaches to the NFL. And how about that whopping $15, 000 for the winner of the Super Bowl? Why, those Packers could go out and buy three 1967 Pontiac GTOs with all that coin! Kind of puts things in perspective, doesn’t it? Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
14373,Donald Trump Signs Bill to Extend Veterans Choice Program - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump signed a bill to extend the Veterans Choice Program at the Oval Office on Wednesday, inviting influential veterans groups to join him. [“The veterans have poured out their sweat and blood and tears for this country for so long, and it’s time that they’re recognized, and it’s time that we now take care of them, and take care of them properly,” Trump said.   The bill allows veterans to seek private care outside of the VA system, if they live more than 40 miles away from a VA hospital or can’t get an appointment within 30 days. Trump specifically thanked Senator John McCain and Senator Johnny Isakson for their work on the bill, as well as Rep. Phil Roe, the Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs. “Some people have to travel five hours, eight hours, and they’ll have to do it on a weekly basis, and even worse than that,” Trump said. “It’s not going to happen anymore. ” Trump was joined by Secretary of Veterans Affairs David Shulkin, who praised the bill. “This is a good day for veterans,” he said. “This is a great day to celebrate not only what veterans have contributed to the country, but how we’re making things better for them. ” The extension of the bill passed by Congress authorized the sharing of medical records to hospitals outside the VA and modifies the procedures for reimbursement for private hospitals.",0
14374,Princess Cruise Lines to Pay $40 Million Fine for Illegal Dumping - The New York Times,"Princess Cruise Lines has pleaded guilty to seven felony charges and will pay $40 million after employees on a cruise ship were caught dumping oiled waste into the seas and lying to cover up their actions, officials with the Justice Department said. Federal authorities called it the “  criminal penalty” for intentional vessel pollution. In a statement released by the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida on Thursday, officials said that employees of a cruise ship, the Caribbean Princess, used several tactics, including a device called a “magic pipe,” to circumvent   mechanisms and digital devices monitoring oil levels. Officials said that four other Princess ships were also found to have engaged in illegal practices to discharge waste. As part of its plea agreement, ships from eight of the parent company Carnival Cruise lines will be under a court supervised environmental compliance plan for five years, and will undergo auditing, officials said. The discharged waste included gray water  —   water that has been contaminated with food particles, grease and fat from the ship’s galley  —   and water found in the ship’s bilge, the bottom part of the ship where oil waste from engines can accumulate. In one case, investigators on the Caribbean Princess found black oil in another valve that employees used to discharge waste. Officials said these practices began in 2005 and persisted until August 2013, when a newly hired engineer on the Caribbean Princess observed more than 4, 000 gallons of contaminated discharge being released into the ocean off the coast of England. He reported the practice to Britain’s Maritime and Coastguard Agency and quit when the ship reached Southampton. Princess, which is a division of the   Carnival Cruise lines, the largest such company in the world, gave the Caribbean Princess its debut in 2004, and the ship has traveled the world’s seas, from ports in Texas to the coast of England. One motive for the dumping, officials said, was to save money, because the cost of removing the waste from the ship at ports is expensive. John C. Cruden, the assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice’s Environment and Natural Resources Division, said in a statement that the cruise line’s practice was habitual. “The pollution in this case was the result of more than just bad actors on one ship,” Mr. Cruden said. “It reflects very poorly on Princess’s culture and management. This is a company that knew better and should have done better. ” In a statement, Princess Cruise Lines said it had launched its own internal investigation when the episode was first reported in 2013, and said that existing policies and procedures had not been enough to safeguard against the pollution. Princess also said that it had invested in better training, restructured operations and spent “millions of dollars” to upgrade ship equipment. In its report, the Justice Department said that Princess had no written procedures or training for handling internal gray water spills.",0
14375,"U.S. Presidential Race, Ryan Lochte, Rio de Janeiro: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama, back from his family’s vacation on Martha’s Vineyard, prepared for the final few months of his tenure. He’ll head out on Tuesday to Louisiana, where heavy flooding killed 13 people, displaced tens of thousands more, and damaged tens of thousands of buildings, including homes, businesses and schools. _____ 2. The curtain came down on the Olympic Games, but the reckoning is still underway. The host city of Rio de Janeiro is counting gains, like a revitalized port and new subway line. The U. S. team, sparkling with talent and missing many Russian challengers, won a staggering array of gold (46) silver (37) and bronze (38) medals. One big loser: Ryan Lochte. Four companies, including Speedo USA and Ralph Lauren, severed ties over the gold medalist’s discredited account of a gunpoint robbery. _____ 3. Terrorist attacks often share a surprising element: ordinary people who risk their lives to intervene. On July 14, three men independently chased down the huge truck rampaging through holiday crowds in Nice, France. One climbed on the running board and began hitting the driver, who tried to shoot him. “He was concentrating on me in that moment he could not kill people,” said the man, above center, receiving a medal. _____ 4. Questions surrounding Hillary Clinton’s email practices flared again as a Federal District Court judge ordered the State Department to provide a timetable for releasing nearly 15, 000 new messages uncovered by the F. B. I. And her campaign, facing a reshaped Trump organization dominated by   media figures, has begun speaking of “conspiracy theories,” evoking the “vast   conspiracy” she blamed when Bill Clinton’s presidency was engulfed by accusations of sexual misconduct. _____ 5. Mr. Trump, working with a new campaign manager and a newly formed Hispanic advisory council, appeared to be reconsidering his pledge to conduct mass deportations of undocumented immigrants. “We want to come up with a really fair, but firm, answer,” he told Fox News. _____ 6. Social conservatives celebrated after a federal judge in Texas blocked federal guidelines on transgender access to bathrooms, limiting the possibility of legal action against school districts. The state’s attorney general praised the defeat of “the Obama administration’s latest illegal federal overreach. ” _____ 7. Just how harsh the Philippines’ drug war has become under President Rodrigo Duterte became clear. The nation’s top police official said killings by the police and vigilantes have reached nearly 1, 800 in less than seven weeks. And some 600, 000 people have turned themselves in as drug dealers or users to save their lives. _____ 8. New York City’s subway system, one of the world’s largest, will be getting new, more spacious trains in the next few years. Already in use in London, Shanghai and Toronto, above, the   cars are connected by accordionlike passageways that allow 10 percent higher capacity. _____ 9. Set the DVR. Our reviewer recommends the third season of “Halt and Catch Fire” (Tuesdays, 10 p. m. Eastern, AMC). The show traces the   revolution of the ’80s in tech, personal and cultural terms. This season throws two women who started an online gaming company into Silicon Valley, and “the unfamiliar and   world of venture capitalists. ” _____ 10. Finally, good news: The English village of Ashton Hayes set out to lower its carbon footprint. And it succeeded. Over 10 years, measures like using clotheslines, installing solar panels and insulating homes has led to a   cut in emissions, inspiring towns, cities and counties around the world to follow suit. “We just think everyone should try to clean up their patch,” a resident of the village said. “And rather than going out and shouting about it, we just do it. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
14376,Another of the strange sounds in Slovakia 31.10.2016,"Another of the strange sounds in Slovakia 31.10.2016 # Timotei Simon 0 
Since the beginning of 2012, the Internet began to emerge records of mysterious unexplained sounds. Many people are not at that time been associated with the end of 2012, which had come under ""guaranteed"" reports the end of the world. Sounds But there was also this year, and even experts have not yet reached a clear explanation of where sounds originate and what causes them. Tags",0
14377,Confidence Even as Hillary Clinton’s Momentum Slows - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The announcement that the F. B. I. is reviewing newly discovered emails of a top Hillary Clinton aide has slowed the campaign’s momentum and the hopes of expanding support in traditional Midwestern battleground states. Leading Democratic strategists say the news has caused some of Mrs. Clinton’s more casual supporters to drift away. Her campaign expressed confidence that she would weather the political turbulence, but acknowledged that optimism about gaining ground in places like Ohio and Iowa, where the demographics favor Donald J. Trump, was fading. Still, it said, even as Mrs. Clinton’s overall support has shrunk in recent days, she can easily assemble the 270 electoral votes she needs for a victory next Tuesday, given her broad base of voters in more demographically diverse states. “Even if this takes two points off her national lead, she’ll still clear 300,” said Michael Podhorzer, the political director of the A. F. L. . I. O. “We’ve seen that Clinton’s support has been solid in enough states to give her an Electoral College majority and that should remain true. ” And while Mr. Trump has crowed about the   twist to the race, the F. B. I. director’s letter about the emails has not yet produced a major shift in private polling, according to Republican and Democratic strategists with access to confidential data, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Mrs. Clinton’s lead over Mr. Trump appears to have contracted modestly, but not enough to threaten her advantage over all or to make the electoral math less forbidding for Mr. Trump, Republicans and Democrats said. Mr. Trump has consistently struggled to capture lasting momentum in the race, often battling damaging disclosures about his past or veering wildly off script in his public speeches. The loss of a few percentage points from Mrs. Clinton’s lead, and perhaps a state or two from the battleground column, would deny Democrats a possible landslide and likely give her a decisive but not overpowering victory, much like the one President Obama earned in 2012. More significant, though, such a decline in support could cost the party some of the six Senate races that are right now effectively dead heats and will determine who controls the chamber. The most enduring obstacle to Mr. Trump is Mrs. Clinton’s formidable position in the Electoral College, where Democrats and a significant cohort of Republicans believe she is close to locking down the 270 electoral votes required for victory. Early vote totals in several states, including North Carolina, are outpacing Mr. Obama’s performance at this time four years ago and have buoyed Democratic confidence even amid a burst of late adversity. And Republicans privy to private polling data said surveys they had seen since the news from the F. B. I. on Friday still showed Mrs. Clinton leading in North Carolina, a state Mr. Obama lost in 2012. Facing a wall of opposition in Pennsylvania, Colorado, Virginia and New Hampshire, states Mr. Trump had hoped to dislodge from the Democrats, the Republican candidate has been forced to try to find other states he can win in the campaign’s final week. On Sunday, he was in New Mexico, claiming without evidence that the race is tied in the heavily Hispanic state, and on Monday, he appeared in Grand Rapids, Mich. vowing victory in a state no Republican has won since 1988. “When you look around your state and you see the   factories, the empty buildings and the long unemployment lines, remember Hillary Clinton did much of this to you,” Mr. Trump said, invoking the names of the Big Three automakers and bringing Bob Knight, the storied former Indiana University basketball coach and Big 10 icon, onstage to introduce him. Mr. Trump’s   gambit was reminiscent of Mitt Romney’s late effort four years ago to make forays into a handful of   battlegrounds, including Pennsylvania and Minnesota, and crack the political firewall assembled by Mr. Obama’s campaign. Mr. Romney did not succeed. Russ Schriefer, an adviser to Mr. Romney’s campaign, said Mr. Trump was engaging in the “wishful thinking” of a candidate cornered on the electoral map. “If the feeling is that you’re blocked in Virginia and you’re looking like you might be blocked in North Carolina, then you’re trying to say, ‘Well, where can we steal it? ’” Mr. Schriefer said. “‘Where can we possibly give a little extra push and maybe  —   maybe  —   we can get over the top? ’” While Mr. Trump was grasping on Monday for a new route to 270 electoral votes, Mrs. Clinton was trying to secure a swing state that could prove elusive. For decades a political bellwether, Ohio has grown difficult for Democrats in this election in large part because of Mr. Trump’s appeal to   white voters. Mrs. Clinton assured supporters at Kent State University on Monday that the F. B. I. review would “reach the same conclusion they did when they looked at my emails for the last year. ” She tried to rally her supporters by wondering aloud “why in the world the F. B. I. would decide to jump into an election with no evidence of any wrongdoing with just days to go. ” Mrs. Clinton called Ohio “one of the most competitive and consequential battleground states. ” But other leading Democrats said a defeat in Ohio and Iowa would not prove all that consequential, except to her ultimate margin. “It’s not surprising that these are two tough states for her,” said Tom Vilsack, the secretary of agriculture, pointing to the heavily white areas that have drifted to Republicans. “Things are turning around economically, but that has not penetrated the psyche of a lot of people. ” Because of Mrs. Clinton’s strength in more diverse states, Mr. Vilsack noted that she could still capture the presidency without winning the two Midwestern battlegrounds. “They’re lower on the priority list for her getting to 270 than they were for us in 2012,” said Jeremy Bird, a senior aide to Mr. Obama’s last campaign. “North Carolina, on the other hand, was at the bottom of our list and the hardest for us to reach, but it’s much easier for her. ” What alarms Democrats more is that Republicans who were turned off by Mr. Trump may now show up to vote for   candidates. Concerned about their prospects to win a   Senate seat in Wisconsin long thought to be in hand, an array of Democratic groups have started airing ads in the state, and Mrs. Clinton was planning to dispatch her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, there on Tuesday. But Mrs. Clinton’s troubles still have not altered the overwhelming difficulties faced by Republicans running in states that Mr. Trump is likely to lose. And Republicans in some of these races have quietly started to take steps to win with the help of Mrs. Clinton’s supporters. Late last week, Pennsylvania Republicans updated their scripts for volunteer phone callers and canvassers to identify, and ultimately turn out, voters who are supporting Senator Patrick J. Toomey  —   but who also plan to back Mrs. Clinton.",0
14378,"Counter Terror Police Arrest Man Carrying Axe, Knives Near UK Army Base","Armed   police have arrested a man with knives and an axe near an Army Reserve centre in the Midlands. [The    suspect was apprehended at the base in Kidderminster and held on Sunday night by West Midlands Police Counter Terrorism Unit and officers from the West Mercia force.  The incident came just hours after the Finsbury Park terror attack, but officers said the incidents were not linked and claimed there was nothing to indicate a threat to the premises on Birmingham Road. Martin Evans, Assistant Chief Constable at West Mercia Police, told the Express and Star: “On identifying the man our officers took prompt action to contain the threat and take him into custody. “I understand that this will be extremely concerning for the residents of Kidderminster but I would like to reassure you that at this time we believe the suspect was acting alone and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident. “At this stage, we do not believe this incident is linked to the tragic events in Finsbury Park in London. “I would urge people not to speculate on what has happened. As I am sure you will appreciate, this is an extremely sensitive investigation but I can assure you that we will make information available as and when it is appropriate. “In the meantime, we will have additional officers on patrol in Kidderminster to provide reassurance to our communities. “Our advice to residents remains the same as before remain alert but not alarmed and to report any suspicious activity to the police by calling the confidential   hotline on 0800 789321. In an emergency always dial 999. ” The West Midlands   Unit said in a statement: “The arrest took place near a TA centre although there is no suggestion of any threat to that premises at this stage. “The motives of the man are not yet known the arrest is being investigated by West Midlands   Unit, supported by West Mercia Police. ”",0
14379,Egypt: No gain without pain,"Egypt: No gain without pain By Linda S. Heard Posted on November 2, 2016 by Linda S. Heard 
In order to understand why Egypt’s economic temperature has cooled it should be understood that this once stable country, with a healthy investment climate, was rocked by a mass public uprising resulting in its overthrow that was met with prolonged Brotherhood violence and the emergence of a terrorist group in northern Sinai. 
A tepid relationship with Western countries, which some perceive as having undermined the nation’s upward trajectory—or, at the very least, have done nothing to aid it—hasn’t helped. The Obama administration has been unsympathetic and the same could be said for many of America’s European allies, unlike Saudi Arabia and some Gulf states, which have given generously to keep Egypt’s economy afloat. 
Whereas other states hit by serial terrorist attacks have received offers of help, the downing of a Russian passenger jet almost exactly a year ago elicited a halt in British and European flights to the once thriving Red Sea resort town of Sharm El Sheikh and, in the case of Russia, to all Egyptian airports. This is unprecedented and has been interpreted by many Egyptians as having a political component. 
Add to that media scaremongering, giving the impression that the most populated Arab country isn’t safe, and it’s no wonder that Egypt’s tourist industry has been decimated or that the inflow of foreign currency has been reduced to a trickle. I must admit my surprise to read a recent article in the Huffington Post headed: “I traveled to Egypt, and yes it was safe.” 
“I realized that all of the people telling me that Egypt was unsafe hadn’t even been there,” writes Alyssa Ramos. She goes on to share what made her feel safe during her stay and why she believes people should go there. There is hope. Numerous countries have restored flights and most other are expected to do so very soon. 
Today, Egypt needs its friends more than ever. The currency is at a record low while experts predict a further devaluation. Indeed, it is so volatile that some countries have stopped trading in Egyptian pounds. The price of imported goods has skyrocketed and inflation is rampant. Illegal hoarding of staples such as sugar and rice has caused market shortages. 
The government has pleaded with ordinary people to accept a tightening of belts to reap rewards down the road. Many I’ve spoken with have displayed understanding; others are more impatient. Unsurprisingly, the Muslim Brotherhood is attempting to capitalize by whipping up the emotions of the poorest sectors. 
On the whole, Egyptians are tired; they know that social unrest will only make things worse as it has all over the map of the so-called Arab Spring to varying degrees. 
For several years, Egypt has resisted seeking an IMF loan, which invariably is granted with strings, but the current situation has warranted a new strategy; one that would encourage foreign investments. 
A $12 billion loan repayable in three years is currently on the table provided the country can secure $6 billion in bilateral financing, which it is well on the way to doing thanks to Saudi Arabia, China and the Group of 7 nations. IMF Director Christine Lagarde believes the board will approve Egypt’s request within weeks. 
The strings in this case will translate to greater austerity, higher fuel prices, and a flexible exchange rate. Not included are cuts to food subsidies, although those have long been mulled as they eat up 14 percent of the national budget and as things stand subsidized food items are accessible to all, including the Middle classes and the wealthy. If and when the subsidy system is dismantled for everyone, the government has given assurances that a safety net will be created for low-income families. 
President Abdel-Fattah El-Sissi ce 
This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the",0
14380,Putin Foes Caught in Malicious Fabrications about Kremlin Insider Lesin's Death - William Dunkerley,"Putin Foes Caught in Malicious Fabrications about Kremlin Insider Lesin's Death 
Coroner's final decision reveals all. Print 
A US Senator and a Russian opposition figure are among those who have tripped themselves up with their fabrications about Mikhail Lesin's 2015 death. Lesin was a former Russian media advertising tycoon, state media minister, and later head of the Gazprom-Media holding company. He died in Washington DC amid circumstances that went unexplained fully until October 28 of this year.What did Putin's foes first have to say about Lesin's death?Russian opposition figure and Putin foe Alexei Nevalny had a lot to say. On March 13, 2016 the Independent ran the headline: ""Mikhail Lesin death: Vladimir Putin's propaganda chief reportedly flew out of LA 40 days after his death. The story claims Alexei Navalny, a Putin opposition leader, said the incident 'smells of a witness protection programme.'"" The Daily Mail reported that that Navalny claimed to have proof.Was Lesin's reported demise just a coverup?But a month later, Navalny seemed to have backed away from that allegation. According to the Voice of America ""Navalny said he had no 'proof' or definitive evidence, but indicated that Lesin may have died because, 'as they say in detective stories, he knew too much.'""So Navalny had come to believe that Lesin was indeed dead after all. But now Navalny intimated that perhaps Putin was to blame.While making a case to VOA that Putin is corrupt, Navalny said he was convinced ""that Lesin knew a lot. Not just about corruption in the highest echelons of power, but [he] was one of the organizers of a corruption scheme in which Putin himself was personally complicit. And against the backdrop of his death, against the backdrop of the strange things that were happening around him, it's a more than reasonable assumption that, in any contacts he may have had with the federal authorities in the United States, Lesin may have been asked about it.""Other theories in the news claimed:--Lesin's death was connected with his alleged role as a CIA informer.--His demise was related to a secret romantic tryst gone wrong.--Lesin's body was cremated to destroy evidence of what really happened.Many of the news reports mentioned Mississippi Senator Roger Wicker who considered Lesin to be a very suspicious character. He very well may have been. Once while having lunch with Ivan Laptev, Lesin's ministerial predecessor, I joked about when I saw Lesin at a New York meeting in the early 2000s. I first mistook him for some kind of Russian mafia guy, just based on how he was dressed and the gorgeous gun-moll looking young lady that accompanied him.In July 2014 Wicker seemed to have more serious concerns. He was moved to tip off the US Attorney General. It wasn't based on Lesin's appearance. Wicker had become aware that Lesin owned expensive residential property in California. He believed that meant something sinister was afoot. Wicker said about Lesin, ""He acquired multiple residences at a cost of over $28 million.""""That a Russian public servant could have amassed the considerable funds required to acquire and maintain these assets in ... the United States raises serious questions,"" Wicker told ABC News.Wicker wasn't fond of Putin either. In March 2014 he had written an article for the Washington Examiner titled, ""Hillary Clinton was right about Vladimir Putin and Adolf Hitler the first time."" Clinton has been quoted many times likening Putin to Hitler.Wicker was and is a member of the Senate Armed Forces Committee. I find it very disturbing that a member of that influential committee could be espousing ideas so distant from reality as these. A simple google search could have told him that Lesin was no simple government service worker pulling down a measly salary. Lesin's Video International business had a near-monopoly grip on the media advertising business in Russia years ago. In fact when he was Putin's media minister, many critics mused that he was the ""minister"" of his own business sector.Was Wicker's research so lame that he knew nothing of Lesin other than his role in the Russian bureaucracy? Was he that stupid? Or is there something sinister about Wicker's interest in Lesin? I don't know whether there is or isn't. But the incongruity of his factless demonization of Putin, and his seemingly malicious letter to the Attorney General about Lesin, throw up a red flag. Maybe the Attorney General should look into Wicker's business dealings to see if something fishy is going on there.So what's the truth about Lesin's death?The final coroner's verdict is that he was dead drunk in his hotel room, fell multiple times, injuring his lower and upper torso, and inflicted a fatal blow to his head.I don't know whether that is the honest truth or not. But if we are to believe people like Navalny and Wicker it would seem that the Washington coroner is in the bag for Putin. Wow, what an accusation.",0
14381,’Gays for Trump’ Banned from Participating in Charlotte Pride Parade,"Members of a   gay group say they have been banned from participating in the Charlotte Pride Parade because of their support for President Trump. [Brian Talbert told WJZY that he and another gay Trump supporter of the group “Gays for Trump” applied to have their float featured in Charlotte’s Pride Parade this year but received an email from Charlotte Pride rejecting his application.  “We wanted to show that we weren’t the racist, bigot, misogynist whatevers. We wanted to show that we are Americans, love our country and our president. We wanted to be there to celebrate gay pride,” Talbert said. “For a group of people to claim to want tolerance, acceptance, and give it to every single person you can imagine to give it to, for them to sit back and judge me for exercising my right as an American to choose my leader without judgment is hypocritical,” he added. A Charlotte Pride spokesperson said they have a right to turn away groups that “do not reflect the mission, vision, and values of our organization. ” Talbert said he plans to sue Charlotte Pride for discrimination and is already raising money for his legal fees on a GoFundMe page. The campaign has raised $3, 100 as of Thursday afternoon. He also set up a website called Deplorable Pride, which contains information on events that he is planning as alternatives to Charlotte Pride and his fundraising page.",0
14382,Jewish Leader Close To Trump Says President Has Persuaded Abbas To Make Concessions to Israel,"TEL AVIV  —   President Donald Trump has convinced Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to make certain concessions that will allow the peace process to move forward, World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder told Israeli lawmakers at the Jerusalem Post Annual Conference in New York. [Lauder, considered one of the closest Jewish leaders to Trump, has the president’s ear, according to the Jerusalem Post. The Lauder and Trump families have been friends for decades. Lauder, who has extensive ties in the Arab world, has advised the president on how to advance diplomatic initiatives in the Middle East, the report said.  Lauder, who served as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s unofficial envoy to Syria, told Israeli ministers at the conference that he was confident Trump would succeed in his attempt to jumpstart the moribund peace process. The politicians briefed by Lauder included Minister of Education Naftali Bennett, Minister of Justice Ayelet Shaked and Minister of Science and Technology Ofir Akunis, as well as opposition leader Isaac Herzog. “Trump is very optimistic that he can renew the peace process,” one of the politicians told the Post after speaking to Lauder. “Lauder understands from Trump that he believes Abbas can be convinced by him and Arab leaders to come back to the table and make concessions. ” Three of the ministers, Bennett, Shaked and Akunis, emphatically expressed their opposition to a Palestinian state in their speeches at the conference, saying that Abbas has not proved himself a viable partner for peace. Herzog, on the other hand, had harsh words for Netanyahu but praised Trump. “So far, Trump’s peace efforts have been impeccable,” Herzog said. “We know what Trump wants. What Netanyahu wants, no one knows. I have grave doubts about Bibi’s intentions. If he wants peace, he will enjoy political support even from my camp. But if he opts for what Bibi usually wants, he will find us a fierce opposition and we will replace him as soon as possible. ” Trump is scheduled to arrive in Israel on the morning of Monday, May 22 for a   visit. He will be arriving from Saudi Arabia. Some reports have said he will also visit Bethlehem in the West Bank to tour the Church of the Nativity and meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for the second time this month. The first meeting was in Washington on May 3.",0
14383,Пятая попытка государственного переворота в Малайзии продолжается | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Малайзия В своей новой статье постоянный обозреватель НВО Тони Карталучи отмечает, что Вашингтон продолжает попытки подорвать государственные устои в Малайзии, проведя серии массовых народных выступлений под общим названием «Берсих 5.0″. Автор указывает, что движение Берсих, которое создал прозападный малайзийский политик Анвар Ибрагим, отбывающий сейчас тюремное наказание за мужеложство, напрямую спонсируется Вашингтоном через сеть НКО. И хотя в Белом доме не предпринимают серьезных попыток замаскировать свою причастность к массовым выступлениям в Малайзии, автор отмечает, что многие малайзийцы из-за своей низкой осведомленности приняли Берсих за чистую монету, а не за попытку свергнуть неугодное Вашингтону правительство. Автор отмечает, что Вашингтон остро нуждается в послушных режимах в Юго-Восточной Азии, которые могли бы способствовать росту напряженности в регионе. Однако число таких государств стремительно уменьшается, что и привело к попытке снова раскачать ситуацию в Малайзии. С полным содержанием статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
14384,"Serena Williams Announces Engagement to Alexis Ohanian, Reddit’s Co-Founder - The New York Times","“Who the Heck Is Alexis Ohanian, and Why Would Serena Williams Want to Date Him?” Slate magazine asked in a headline last year. Mr. Ohanian is a   of Reddit, and, as of Thursday, Ms. Williams not only wants to date him, but plans to marry him. Ms. Williams, the tennis superstar, announced her engagement to Mr. Ohanian on Reddit, the website that claims the label “the front page of the internet. ” The Reddit post featured a drawing of Snoo, the site’s mascot, dressed as Mr. Ohanian and kneeling with a diamond in its hand. A female Snoo, styled after Ms. Williams and wearing a tennis skirt, Nike top and headband, floated above him with a smile on her face. Above the picture was the headline, “Future Mrs. Kn0thing. ” It was a nod to the site and its community: Mr. Ohanian has long gone by the handle Kn0thing. In free verse, Ms. Williams, whose account is verified on the site, described the proposal on the “isaidyes” subreddit, which is dedicated to engagement stories. Mr. Ohanian chimed in in the comments: “And you made me the happiest man on the planet. ” A spokeswoman for Ms. Williams, Kelly Bush Novak, said that a wedding date has not been set. Ms. Williams and Mr. Ohanian had known each other for some time before they started dating last fall, she said. Ms. Williams, 35, is one of the greatest American athletes active today, and is the   female athlete in the world. She won her first Grand Slam singles title at 17 in 1999, and this year won her 22nd. She has spent more than 300 weeks at No. 1 a recent run of 186 consecutive weeks in the top spot ended in September. Ms. Williams has not played a match on tour since losing in the semifinals of the United States Open in September. She plans to open her tennis season next week in Auckland, New Zealand. Though Mr. Ohanian, 33, is significantly less   by the general population, he too has risen to the top of his field since starting the site that would become Reddit with his college roommate, Steve Huffman, 11 years ago. The site was pitched to the   incubator Y Combinator and was acquired by Condé Nast just 16 months after it began. In 2010, Mr. Ohanian joined Mr. Huffman at another company, Hipmunk. In 2013, he wrote a book about the power of the internet called “Without Their Permission. ” Mr. Ohanian also posted the news on his Facebook page. In an interview with Vogue in July, Ms. Williams was asked to identify the most romantic thing a man had ever done for her. “It hasn’t happened yet,” she replied. On Twitter, Mr. Ohanian had called the interview “pretty great. ” A user replied to him, and to Ms. Williams: “Alexis, I think you need to get on that most romantic thing. ”",0
14385,200 Killed in Iraq; Shi’ite Militias Join Mosul Campaign,"Share This Shi’ite militiamen announced they have launched their campaign to reach Tal Afar and cut off an escape route to Syria that is being used both by Islamic State militants and refugees. Still eager to insinuate Turkish troops into the Mosul campaign, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced he would reinforce Turkish forces in the border town of Silopi. There, they will be ready to be deployed should he believe that Shi’ite militiamen are causing sectarian terror in Tal Afar , home to many Turkmen. In Mosul , witnesses say that thousands of human shields rounded up in the outskirts of the city are now clustered in central Mosul and are without food or shelter. Many of the displaced are women, children, or elderly and appear to be in poor condition after their forced marches. In other parts of the city, militants are rounding up former security personnel. Security forces say the town of Shura has been cleared of militants after a battle. A humanitarian corridor has been set up for civilians to relocate to nearby Qayara. The villages of Abu Arayis, Ayn An Nasr, Humaidiya, Jayif, Majman, Mukhalat, Mustanqa, Shruq, Tal Tayiba, and Zwirij were also liberated . Hamza, Haram, Mwaylaha,, Sajma, and San Zaban were freed as well. Several of these villages were captured by Shi’ite militia forces. At least 200 people were killed and 94 were wounded , including 10 P.K.K. guerrillas: The number of casualties in the Kirkuk assault that occurred just over a week ago was readjusted from previous estimates . The number of civilian and security personnel casualties rose by 17 dead and 65 wounded .",0
14386,"Marijuana Company Prepares to Cross State Lines, as Legally as Possible - The New York Times","Almost all   owners dream of the day when they can expand nationally. This has proved to be a unique challenge for those in the marijuana industry because the products they create are illegal under federal law, and the checkerboard of states that permit marijuana sales have complex and constantly changing regulations. Dixie Brands, a company in Denver that creates drinks and other products using marijuana, is aiming to navigate those hurdles and become one of the first companies in the industry to build a national presence. Voters on Tuesday brought that dream a little closer to reality. California, Massachusetts, Maine and Nevada approved   (a new term for recreational use) marijuana. Florida, Arkansas, North Dakota and Montana voted to legalize or expand medical marijuana use.   states and the District of Columbia now have some sort of allowed use. The legal cannabis industry is dominated by small businesses operating in individual states, so these new laws could open significant prospects for entrepreneurs. And for the companies that can figure out how to operate in multiple states, the opportunity is tremendous. GreenWave Advisors, a financial research and advisory firm based in New York, estimates that marijuana product sales in the United States will be $6. 5 billion in 2016 and about $30 billion in 2021, if products derived from marijuana are legalized in all 50 states in some capacity. Chuck Smith and Tripp Keber, who founded Dixie Brands seven years ago, have been taking steps to be at the forefront of the growing market. The company makes Dixie Elixirs, bottled beverages infused with THC, the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana. It also makes   chocolates, drops and topical lotions. All are sold at licensed recreational pot shops and medical marijuana dispensaries.   “awakening” and “relaxing” mints containing five milligrams of THC (half a serving) are among the company’s top sellers. Most of the company’s revenue comes from Colorado. Because of federal laws on controlled substances, one challenge to expansion is that products cannot cross state lines, so a pot brownie baked in Oregon, for example, cannot be sold in neighboring Washington, even though the product is legal in both places. Add the complications of financing as well as unique packaging, distribution and marketing laws for each state, and establishing a national brand seems daunting and expensive. Some states require marijuana businesses to be owned by   residents, further impeding multistate expansion. Also, because the industry is in its infancy, rules are changing constantly, including regulations governing packaging, food production and agriculture management. When Colorado recently required all marijuana food products to be stamped with a THC symbol, Dixie Brands had to create all new molds for its chocolates and discontinue their Dixie Roll product, which is similar to Tootsie Rolls, because it could not be stamped efficiently. The new rule requires a THC stamp on all packaging as well. “These changes are costly for small businesses,” said Joe Hodas, chief marketing officer for the company. In addition, because of federal laws, marijuana companies cannot open bank accounts, cannot use credit cards and cannot deduct business expenses from their federal taxes. Giant safes full of cash and pickups by armored cars are the norm. Many companies in the marijuana industry had been started by product aficionados with little business experience. As legalization spreads, the industry is quickly drawing more business professionals, as evidenced by Mr. Smith and Mr. Keber, who began their endeavor with experience in corporate finance, marketing and management. When recreational marijuana joined medical marijuana as a legal market in Colorado in 2014, they were poised to expand Dixie Brands by adding to their line of products. Since that time, the number of employees has expanded from 20 to 100 and sales have increased about sixfold. Expanding beyond Colorado, however, has taken creativity. Two years ago, in their first move outside of the state, the pair found a licensing partner to produce Dixie products in California. After a year, the founders decided to take a more   approach. “Our partner wanted to manufacture other companies’ products as well as ours, and we wanted more focus on absolute quality and consistency,” Mr. Smith said. “To have total legal, financial and operational control, we decided we would need to control the manufacturing and distribution facilities in any state we expanded to. ” To make this happen, Mr. Smith had to find a way to work within regulations that require owners of marijuana businesses to be residents of the state. He decided that Dixie Brands would own and run anything that did not “touch the plant” and therefore was not subject to local ownership regulations. A local partner would grow and process the marijuana, but only for Dixie Brands, and only under the company’s strict instructions. Consistent product quality is critical, Mr. Smith said. “  in Denver and Seattle taste exactly the same, and we want Dixie Elixirs and our other products to have that reputation. ” Each new manufacturing site will cost about $2 million, according to Mr. Smith. The Dixie holding company will own and control a building that they will rent to the partner as well as the equipment that will be leased to them. All of the noncannabis raw materials and packaging, and the accounting, marketing and legal services, will be provided by Dixie Brands. The   partner will own the marijuana itself and employ the personnel who work with the marijuana in any form: plants, concentrates, finished products and the like. This will allow Dixie to control the business while maintaining a clear separation from the federally illegal aspect of it. That separation also protects their investors and gives the company flexibility to react to changing state and federal regulations. To finance the expansion, Mr. Smith says he has tapped a handful of investors from among the 30 who have funded his efforts over the last seven years. Those sources helped to open manufacturing facilities in Arizona and Nevada last month, and one is scheduled to open early next year in Washington State. For efficiency as it enters new locations, Dixie Brands follows the most stringent state’s laws in each area of its operations. For example, Colorado has the strictest packaging requirements encompassing   measures, clear dosing and   packaging. The state also bans cartoon or other   images, and has many other regulations. Dixie Brands uses those packaging rules for the products they make in every state. “If it is safe enough for Colorado, it will work for the other states,” Mr. Smith said. The company also uses the cleaner carbon dioxide extraction method to strip the oils from the plants instead of butane, even though it is not required everywhere. Colorado also requires multiple rounds of product testing in the manufacturing process, including testing of the raw plants, the extracted oil, batches of products and individual packages. Dixie Brands uses these guidelines everywhere it operates. “We want to have the highest level of precise consistency and quality control, so we follow Colorado’s rules, even in states that are less strict,” Mr. Smith said. Very few brands have made it to multiple states in the fragmented legal marijuana industry, so Dixie Brands is being watched closely. “We were pioneers to begin with seven years ago,” Mr. Smith said, “and I think we are well positioned to take this leap. ”",0
14387,President Erdogan: Donald Trump Election Gives Middle East New Hope in Combatting Terrorists - Breitbart,"Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan praised President Donald Trump during his visit to the White House on Tuesday, promising to assist the United States in fighting terrorists in the Middle East. [Erdogan said via a translator that Trump’s election “led to the awakening of a new set of aspirations, and expectations, and hopes” in the Middle East, particularly regarding the ongoing fight against terrorism. He also warmly praised “the legendary triumph” that Trump had experienced as president of the United States.   Trump praised Turkey for serving as “a pillar in the cold war against communism” and would offer similar assistance in the fight against ISIS. “Today we face a new enemy in the fight against terrorism and again we seek to face this threat together,” Trump said, specifically citing terror groups like ISIS and the PKK. Trump said that the United States would deliver military equipment to Turkey to help them combat the terrorist threat. Erdogan confirmed that he would work with Trump and the rest of the world to combat radical terrorism. “There’s no place for the terrorist organizations in the future of our region,” he said, citing violence in Iraq, Yemen, and Libya. Trump dismissed questions from reporters questioning his decision to reveal intelligence on ISIS to Russian diplomats during a meeting at the Oval Office. “We had a very very successful meeting with the foreign minister of Russia,” Trump replied. “Our fight is against ISIS. ”",0
14388,"Holocaust Survivors’ Needs Grow, and Aid Is Slow to Catch Up - The New York Times","BUDAPEST  —   Agnes Galgoczi, 84, can no longer make it to the toilet on her own. It sits in the kitchen of her apartment in Budapest, just three feet from the bed, where she sings to herself to fight loneliness. Several blocks away, Vera Varga, 78, slides   movies into her videocassette player. The images remind her of the outside world. They are two of the estimated   remaining Holocaust survivors around the world, a group whose needs are growing in complexity and cost as they age, while funding from a variety of sources that have provided for them over the past two decades is starting to dry up. Both women are widowed and rely on help to shop, cook and clean. Neither can leave her   apartment without assistance. Mrs. Galgoczi could use    care, but even if Hungary had adequate nursing homes, neither she nor Mrs. Varga would make the move. The Nazis forced them out of their homes once before, marching them to the Budapest ghetto, ripping their families apart and sowing seeds of fear and mistrust that have resurfaced as the women enter their final years. The unique problems that are the legacy of the suffering of their youth, like an intense fear of institutionalization, as well as renewed   in Eastern Europe and a lack of family, often mean that sending nurses and social workers into their homes is the only way to care for them. But   care is costly, and in some places, survivors are left in lonely or unhealthy situations. “No matter how much you give, their needs are always greater,” said Taly Shaul, the director of the   the Hungarian Jewish Social Support Foundation, which provides for about half of the country’s 10, 000 remaining Holocaust survivors. Dozens of volunteers check on survivors and bring them boxes of food staples. Social workers and nurses clean their homes, administer their medications and, in some cases, become like family. The growing costs of providing health care and social services to the survivors in Europe, the United States and elsewhere have raised the pressure on Germany, in particular, to increase aid. “This is the final chapter,” said Greg Schneider, the executive vice president of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany, which distributes funding to 240 organizations that provide for survivors around the world. “Over the next five years, an additional amount is needed if the remaining survivors are to live with dignity. ” In recent decades, the Claims Conference relied on financial support from a variety of sources. Payments came from a $1. 25 billion compensation fund from unclaimed Swiss bank accounts held by those murdered, a $5 billion fund to compensate slave laborers and other settlements negotiated in the early 1990s after the fall of Europe’s Communist governments. But as those funds have been spent, the burden has fallen back on Germany. Over eight months, the Claims Conference pressed German Finance Ministry negotiators with numbers and details to demonstrate the dwindling survivors’ increased level of need.   of survivors worldwide live in the United States, and added pressure came from Congress. Last week, it passed a resolution calling on Germany “to continue to reaffirm its commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims. ” An agreement between the German government and the Claims Conference, reached in July, resulted in an increase in funding for the care of Holocaust survivors in their homes over the next three years. The funding will increase to 350 million euros, or $390 million, in 2018 from €281. 75 million, or $314 million, this year. “This is pumping a significant additional amount of money into the budget that will have a significant impact in the field,” Mr. Schneider said. For Mrs. Galgoczi  —   who relies on caregivers to bring her breakfast and help her wash in the morning change the oxygen tank so she can breathe and, throughout the day, administer the bottles of prescriptions in the basket perched beside her bed  —   the increased funding could mean extra help at night. “I completely depend on them for everything,” said Mrs. Galgoczi, whose darkened apartment holds her bed, a chair and a few of the beloved books that she can no longer read. She refers to her regular nurse as her daughter. Under the new agreement, existing caps on the hours of care an individual survivor can receive will fall away for those who, like Mrs. Galgoczi, survived a ghetto, a concentration camp or life in hiding under the Nazis. Sometimes, the biggest challenge is persuading survivors to admit they need assistance. Gyorgy Rozsa, 77, another survivor of the Budapest ghetto, lies in a   bed in a corner of the   apartment where his wife has lived since she was a toddler. The acidic stench of urine from the catheter hanging beside his bed fills the dingy room, littered with empty soda bottles, laundry and a wheelchair. Bedridden for the past decade, only recently did he begin to accept outside help, first in the form of packages of nonperishable foods and, more recently, in that of caregivers who swab around his bed with disinfectant and help lift him. In an expression of trauma shared by many survivors, “he can’t stand any light, or anyone cleaning,” said Ms. Shaul of the Jewish support foundation. The fear of change or loss of home means that institutionalizing the survivors is not an option. The former Communist countries of Central and Eastern Europe also lack nursing home facilities comparable to those in the United States, Australia or Israel, making home care all the more important. The recent political shift to the right across much of Eastern Europe has exacerbated jealousies among neighbors, like the family living next door to Mrs. Varga, who threw rocks through her window after realizing she was receiving special services because she is Jewish. Under Prime Minister Viktor Orban, Hungary has become more tolerant of   and Ms. Shaul said the foundation had seen an increase in episodes targeting survivors across the country. Even for survivors who are more financially secure, like Agnes Bartha, 94, who lives in an airy   apartment with a balcony, caregivers are like family. After a stroke last year, she needs a walker to move around and a caregiver to cook, clean and help her make sense of the 30 pills she must take daily. Gone are the days when she could travel to Germany or visit Hungarian schools to tell children her story. Now, she relies on the internet to tell younger generations how in 1944 she was marched from Hungary to the Ravensbrück concentration camp, how she shocked an SS officer by insisting to him in fluent German that her friend join her as a slave laborer for   or how the “biggest present of my life” was a cup of tea handed to her after she escaped in the final days of World War II. For a woman whose life depended on her perseverance and her ability to get by on her wit and fortitude, it is difficult to admit that she can no longer live independently. “Because of my past and my physical condition, I need more and more help,” she said, leaning on her walker, decorated with a   star recovered from the archives of the Genshagen forced labor camp. “It is not easy when you lose your strength. ”",0
14389,Everyone Is Abandoning Hillary- Except for George Soros,"

 
Hillary’s campaign is going down faster than submarine with screen doors. Abedin and Wiener are each trying to make their own immunity deals with the FBI. CNN just ran a piece disrespecting Clinton and said her campaign was “in crisis”.
Can she survive? Are the Democrats finally going to get what they so richly deserve, their day of justice.
America has never seen a time like this. The chaos is summarized in the following video.
 

 
 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
14390,"More Trump Jobs Boom, Home Depot to Add 80,000 Employees - Breitbart","Coming off a jobs report that figured higher than analysts expected, the Trump jobs boom is continuing with   retailer Home Depot announcing that it plans to add up to 80, 000 new employees nationwide, perhaps by spring. [After revamping its online application process, the hardware and home improvement supply company announced plans to expand this year, the Staten Island Advance reported.  “Applying for a job at the world’s largest home improvement retailer now takes about 15 minutes using any device, thanks to a shorter application and   ‘careers’ site at careers. homedepot. com,” Home deport said in a statement. Job openings will include customer service and sales, lot associates, receiving, store support, cashier positions, as well as jobs in the Merchandising Execution Team  —   those responsible for setting up store displays. The announcement came as part of the company’s new “Behind The Apron” series aimed at telling the stories of employees. We’re hiring! Check out our spring hiring heat map to find job opportunities near you. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   The Home Depot (@HomeDepot) March 2, 2017,  The announcement by Home Depot comes on the heels of a higher than expected jobs report as hiring across the country measures in at its highest level in three years. On Wednesday the federal government reported that the number of private payrolls increased by 298, 000 in February, well above the original forecast of 187, 000. January also saw levels of hiring revised upward to 261, 000 jobs created. The country has experienced higher growth since Trump took office. Only a day ago, for instance, President Trump praised Exxon Mobil for its plans to hire up to 45, 000 new employees in facilities in Texas and Louisiana. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14391,Pentagon: No Plan ‘So Far’ For US Troops to Enter Mosul,"Officials Concede Plan Could Change, as Could Definition of 'Mosul' by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
The US has made much of its troops involved in the Mosul invasion not being “combat” troops, even though one of the troops was killed in a roadside bombing while embedded with Kurdish combat troops. As the troops near Mosul, however, Pentagon spokesman Col. John Dorrian insists there are no plans so far for troops to enter Mosul. 
Col. Dorrian insisted that Iraq’s government has said “it’s just gonna be their forces.” He did, however, say he didn’t want to say US troops would “never” be involved, insisting that the plans could change at any time. 
Other officials, quoted anonymously by Reuters , suggested that the definition of Mosul could also change, saying that suburbs and parts of the city’s outskirts could easily be redefined as not Mosul, allowing US troops to enter those areas without having to technically “enter Mosul.” 
The Obama Administration initially promised “no boots on the ground” in Iraq, but with some 6,000 such troops in Iraq, they’ve seen been trying desperately to claim they are in “non-combat” roles. This too has been difficult to sell, with a number of those troops embedded in combat units. Those troops are nominally “advisers,” but are regularly being put into combat areas. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
14392,"Libertarian Party VP insults Trump, practically endorses Clinton","Libertarian Party VP insults Trump, practically endorses Clinton Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 21:09 Get short URL Libertarian vice presidential candidate Bill Weld (L) and Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump. © Reuters Calling Trump “unhinged” and “not stable” and accusing him of stirring up “envy, resentment, and group hatred,” the Libertarian Party VP nominee Bill Weld said he would continue through the election but practically endorsed Clinton without naming her. 
Weld, Gary Johnson’s running mate, said he would remain on the Libertarian Party ticket through the election but emphasized that “Trump should not, cannot, and must not be elected President of the United States.” 
“A President of the United States operates every day under a great deal of pressure — from all sides, and in furtherance of many different agendas. With that pressure comes constant criticism,” Weld said in a statement issued Wednesday in Boston. 
“After careful observation and reflection, I have come to believe that Donald Trump, if elected President of the United States, would not be able to stand up to this pressure and this criticism without becoming unhinged and unable to perform competently the duties of his office.” Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld on MSNBC wishes Clinton a happy birthday, as he discusses issuing his statement against Trump pic.twitter.com/uOrqCpwDyy — Eli Watkins (@EliBWatkins) October 26, 2016 
Weld said the Libertarian Party had made strides “t oward breaking the two party monopoly,” and that America would be stronger when it did, but “given the Commission on Presidential Debates, the deck is stacked against a credible third party ticket.” 
The Libertarian Party, led by former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson, was polling under 10 percent nationally, not enough for the party to be included in the presidential debates. 2+2= #ImWithHer . Weld praises Clinton: https://t.co/EHCRZfmBu8 + Weld denegrates Trump: https://t.co/nUCBhYwSQj — Jeff Jarvis (@jeffjarvis) October 26, 2016 
A former Republican governor of Massachusetts, Weld said he “stepped out of the swirl of the campaign” to alert voters to Trump’s failings as a potential presidential nominee. He stopped short of endorsing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton by name. 
“Mr. Trump has some charisma and panache, and intellectual quickness. These qualities can be entertaining. Yet more than charisma, more even than intellectual ability, is required of a serious candidate for this country’s highest office. A serious candidate for the Presidency of the United States must be stable, and Donald Trump is not stable.” — RT America (@RT_America) September 27, 2016 
Weld said Trump had demonstrated his inability to handle criticism or blame and that his first instinct was to lash out and when challenged “he often responds as a child might.” 
“He makes a sour face, he calls people by insulting names, he waves his arms, he impatiently interrupts. Most families would not allow their children to remain at the dinner table if they behaved as Mr. Trump does. He has not exhibited self-control, the discipline, or the emotional depth necessary to function credibly as a President of the United States,” Weld said. Gary Johnson secures #Libertarian Party nomination - FishTank [VIDEO] @LindsayFrance https://t.co/Uu9ev2dBa1 — RT America (@RT_America) June 1, 2016 
Weld said Trump “conjured up enemies” from 11 million immigrants to America’s trading partners and that “his ideas of America’s enemies includes almost anyone who talks or looks different from him.” 
“This is not the time to cast a jocular or feel-good vote for a man whom you may have briefly found entertaining. Donald Trump should not, cannot, and must not be elected President of the United States,” the Libertarian VP candidate concluded.",0
14393,Mortgage Rates’ Rise Catches Home Buyers — and Lenders — Off Guard - The New York Times,"When Jared Rutledge called his mortgage broker one morning last week after putting in an offer on a home in Glendale, Ariz. just west of Phoenix, he discovered that the 3. 8 percent rate he had been quoted a couple of months ago had already gone up to 4. 125 percent. That afternoon, it had inched up to 4. 25, and by evening, when he finally called back to finalize the deal, it was 4. 375 percent. “I was kind of frustrated,” Mr. Rutledge said. But with a third child on the way, and a buyer for their current home, he and his wife felt they had little choice. “Instead of holding out and waiting, we locked it in,” he said. Since the election, mortgage rates have climbed roughly half a percentage point to a   high, adding hundreds, sometimes thousands, of dollars to a home buyer’s yearly payments. (The annual cost of a $400, 000 mortgage, for example, rose almost $700.) The speed and size of the increase took many lenders and borrowers by surprise  —   and the increase is expected to reverberate across the housing industry, particularly if rates continue to rise next year. “Anybody who was floating or didn’t lock in a rate is screaming at their lender: ‘How could you do this to me? ’” said Guy D. Cecala, chief executive and publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance. “It shot up from 3. 5 to 4 percent virtually overnight,” he said, referring to the average     mortgage. “Does it give people pause? Does it raise the cost of buying a home?” Mr. Cecala asked. “Yes and yes. ” For most of this year, American home buyers have benefited from weakness in the global economy. China has been struggling to sustain the rapid growth it needs to avoid political unrest, a deep recession followed political turmoil in Brazil, and a cloud of uncertainty hangs over Europe after Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. Those factors, on top of efforts by central banks around the world to stimulate economic activity by keeping   interest rates low, have increased demand for safe American assets like government bonds and   securities. The result: The cost for American businesses and consumers to borrow had, until recently, remained exceptionally low. The turnaround, which was driven by postelection market expectations that a President Trump would lift corporate profits, cut taxes and spend money on infrastructure and roads, caught most experts by surprise. The online real estate brokerage Redfin, for example, had initially forecast that rates for   fixed mortgages would remain below 4 percent through next year, said Glenn Kelman, the company’s chief executive. Redfin has now updated its forecast and is predicting the   mortgage rate will pass the 4 percent threshold. “I think you’re going to see higher rates than we otherwise would have,” Mr. Kelman said, “but more economic stimulus. ” Wall Street is also expecting that the Federal Reserve Bank will increase its benchmark interest rate when it meets next month. That rate  —    the cost that banks and depository institutions charge one another for overnight loans  —   has only an indirect impact on mortgage rates. Last December, for instance, after the Fed raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point, mortgage rates went down. But to the extent it reflects the Fed’s confidence in an improving economic outlook, it could signal higher borrowing costs in the months ahead. For now, said Svenja Gudell, chief economist at Zillow, a real estate data provider, the relatively modest increase in mortgage rates should not have much impact on the current housing market. “Most consumers don’t make decisions based on a change in mortgage rates,” Ms. Gudell said. “We’re dealing with such a tight inventory, I think they’re more focused on finding a home that they can afford. If mortgage rates go up by half a percent, that’s not going to make them change their minds. ” On Tuesday, the National Association of Realtors reported existing home sales rose 2 percent at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate in October, its strongest pace since February 2007, before the recession started. Back then, the average   fixed rate mortgage topped 6 percent, a reminder that even with the recent rate jump, mortgages remain a bargain by historical standards. Thirty years ago, the average rate was about 10 percent. Still, for buyers who had been counting on paying less than 3. 5 percent, the postelection bump represents an unwelcome added cost. In the last couple of weeks, requests for refinancing have dropped, according to Gregory Gwizdz, national sales manager of Wells Fargo Home Lending, one of the nation’s largest home loan originators. He expects that trend to continue through next year as rates stay at this level or inch higher. Although he hasn’t seen any impact on home buying in the last two weeks, Mr. Gwizdz said that rate increases “create some sense of urgency. ” “If people believe rates are on the rise,” he said, “they may try to find that home sooner rather than later. ” Higher rates are often followed by a burst of activity from consumers worried about further increases. But Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said he had not seen evidence of   demand. He thinks housing activity is heading for a fall. Even before this latest bump in rates, he was concerned about a drop in mortgage applications. Mortgage standards have tightened this year, he said, making it more difficult for buyers to qualify despite the steady uptick in wages. “Even if applications don’t go down further,” Mr. Shepherdson said, “we are looking at a significant drop in home sales in the first quarter of next year. ” For those looking to purchase a home, different types of loans may become more appealing. Buyers of new construction, who have to wait months for their homes to be completed, may be willing to pay a little more to lock in a lower rate for an extended period of time, Mr. Gwizdz said. Those who plan to move again in the next few years might be more likely to consider an   mortgage than before. In Westchester County, north of New York City, J. Philip Faranda, a real estate broker, said that buyers often had differing motivations, with some focused on the investment prospects and others guided by nonmonetary factors. “If you’re expecting twins, you’re buying now no matter what the interest rates are,” he said. “If you’re setting a date for your wedding, you may be putting that on hold. ” Bic N. DeCaro, a real estate agent in Northern Virginia, said that before the election most clients had been dragging their feet, uncertain about what to do. But since rates started to move up, “there was a flurry of activity,” she said, leading to more showings and two signed contracts. In Phoenix, Luis Solis, a real estate broker, said some of his clients have also ramped up their searches in the past week. “People are afraid they are going to go up really fast,” he said. As it turns out, Mr. Solis is in the midst of buying a larger house for his own family in Phoenix’s central corridor. “We were lucky that we locked in our rate on November 1,” he said. “Rates have really jumped. ”",0
14394,Airstrikes by Russia Buttress Turkey in Battle vs. ISIS - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Russian warplanes have carried out airstrikes to support Turkey’s offensive in northern Syria against the Islamic State, an important evolution in a budding   partnership. The deepening ties threaten to marginalize the United States in the struggle to shape Syria’s ultimate fate. The air missions, which took place for about a week near the strategically important town of Al Bab, represent the Kremlin’s first use of its military might to help the Turks in their fight against the militant group. The Russians seized an opening to try to build a military relationship with Turkey, a NATO member, as the United States has sought to keep the emphasis on taking Raqqa, the Islamic State’s   capital. The Russian bombing is a remarkable turnabout from November 2015, when a Turkish   fighter jet shot down a Russian   attack plane that had violated Turkey’s airspace. Russia and Turkey had already been involved in a joint effort to establish a   in Syria  —   one that does not involve the United States. At the same time, ties between the United States and Turkey have come under growing strain as the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has become increasingly alarmed about the Kurdish forces known as the Y. P. G. The United States has aligned itself with those forces to combat the Islamic State in Syria. Some analysts say Russia appears to have arrived at an accommodation in which the Turks are moving to establish a security zone in northern Syria to preclude Syrian Kurds from setting up an autonomous region. In return, the Turks appear to be backing off their efforts to unseat President Bashar   of Syria, who, with Russian help, is strengthening his hold on the country’s major cities to the south. “The   rapprochement is largely tactical,” said James F. Jeffrey, a former United States ambassador to Turkey. “Russia can live for now with a Turkish enclave in northern Syria if it does not threaten the Assad regime. And it allows Russia to exploit the U. S. shift to Turkey’s rival, the Y. P. G. by providing air support to the Turks against the Islamic State, which the U. S. inexplicably is not providing. ”   Donald J. Trump has spoken positively, though in vague terms, about the possibility of cooperating with Russia in the fight against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. But the Obama administration’s efforts to forge a common political and military strategy with the Kremlin on Syria collapsed after Russia supported Syrian forces and   fighters with its air power in the brutal retaking of Aleppo. Turkey began the operation at Al Bab, east of Aleppo, without coordinating with the United States and without the benefit of American airstrikes. “This is something that they’ve decided to do independently,” Col. John Dorrian, the spokesman for the   operation against the Islamic State, said in November. Turkey appeared to have assumed that it would make short work of the Islamic State fighters there. But the fighting has been stiff. In late November, the Turkish military’s problems were compounded when three of its soldiers were killed in what Turkish forces said was a Syrian airstrike. Mr. Erdogan later spoke by phone with Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, who assured him that Russia had not been involved in the air attack, according to Turkish news reports. The improving ties between the two autocratic leaders opened the door to greater cooperation. The Turkish military spoke publicly about the Russian role in a Jan. 2 statement that noted that Russian warplanes had struck targets the previous day about five miles south of Al Bab. American officials, who asked not to be identified because they were discussing intelligence, said that Russian airstrikes in the Al Bab area began at the end of December, and that Russian aircraft were flying near Al Bab as recently as Friday. The effectiveness of the Russian air operations, which have mainly involved dropping “dumb,” or unguided, bombs, is unclear. As Turkey’s casualties have mounted in the Al Bab operation, Turkish officials have complained about the lack of American air support and have even made veiled threats that Turkey might suspend allied combat flights against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria from its major base at Incirlik, which would be a major blow to the   air campaign. American officials suggested that the holdup in carrying out allied airstrikes in recent weeks was related to a Turkish decision to ban the Americans from flying reconnaissance drones in and around Al Bab to help identify and confirm targets, as well as bad weather. The Turkish military said that measure was needed to ensure that no potentially hostile aircraft flew over its troops, but it has hampered the United States’ ability to carry out airstrikes without endangering civilians. Operating without the benefit of precise intelligence, the United States recently engaged in what officials called a “show of force” operation in which American aircraft flew low over Al Bab and dropped flares. But last week, the Turks agreed that the United States could fly drones and other aircraft to gather intelligence, which paves the way for the   coalition to carry out airstrikes against the Islamic State in Al Bab, American officials said. The United States regards the Kurdish forces as some of the most effective fighters in the campaign against the Islamic State in Syria. But in deference to Turkish sensitivities, the Americans have declined to arm them directly. The Turks, however, regard them as nothing more than an arm of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, an insurgent Kurdish group in Turkey and Iraq. The Turks have blamed the group for killing dozens of Turkish security forces in recent weeks. By any measure, the nascent cooperation between Russia and Turkey is a striking development. The situation was far different when Russian warplanes arrived at Latakia, Syria, in September 2015 to help the Assad government take on rebel groups, including some backed by the United States and Turkey. Relations were thrown into a crisis after a Turkish fighter jet shot down a Russian   attack plane and the Russian pilot was fatally shot by Syrian rebels as he was parachuting down. Mr. Putin denounced the   as a “stab in the back. ” Russia responded by deploying the   an advanced   system, at Latakia, and imposed economic sanctions against Turkey. But over the past year, the calculations of the two countries have changed. While President Obama warned that Syria would become a Russian military “quagmire,” the Russians, working with Iran,   forces and the Syrian military, helped Mr. Assad take back Aleppo in the waning months of the Obama administration without substantial Russian casualties. Still, Russia has to reckon with the fact that the Syrian military lacks the troops to control all of the country. At the same time, Turkey’s immediate objectives have shifted. Worried about the possibility that Kurdish fighters might link up separate cantons to establish an autonomous enclave across northern Syria, as well as about the presence of Islamic State fighters near its borders, Turkey sent its own forces into northern Syria in August. The Turkish offensive, which has enlisted the support of Syrian opposition groups that Turkey has backed, succeeded in taking the town of Jarabulus. But it has become bogged down near Al Bab, the last major town west of Raqqa still held by the Islamic State. The Russians notified the United States about the flights using a special hotline between Russian forces in Syria and the American air war command at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar. The hotline’s goal is to “deconflict” air missions carried out by the Russians and the   coalition.",0
14395,"Won, Now What?","18 Shares
17 0 0 1 (Donald Trump speaking at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland. Credit: Gage Skidmore / flickr)
Trump's victory was a shock to most, especially given the broad support Hillary Clinton received from the forces of Wall Street. Although Trump is a billionaire himself, his criticism of free trade agreements and US policy toward Russia angered a broad section of the ruling class. It is the ruling class in control of the banks, military institutions, and corporate boardrooms that usually determine elections in the United States. Trump's victory is a product of the ruling system's decline and crisis more than anything else. The question is, now what?
What is urgently needed is a deep investigation of all aspects and contradictions of the Trump moment. First, Trump won because the capitalist system is in crisis. The laws of the system have inevitably led to such a level of concentration that profit accumulation has turned into its opposite. Technological innovation has permanently replaced a large section of labor in the US, creating the deindustrialized terrain Trump spoke so much about in his campaign. At the end of the day, the profits that Wall Street speculated into the ground ultimately came from the compulsion to increase buying power with large debt schemes that could never be paid back by a working class whose wages have been in decline for over three decades .
So when Hillary Clinton decided to campaign as some sort of united front against fascism, few listened. Many people in the US saw Clinton as an extension of the ruling establishment that had pummeled working class people into the ground. The Black Lives Matter movement exposed her complicity in the crime legislation that led to the vast expansion of the Black prisoner population during her husband's rule. Hillary Clinton then made the mistake of coalescing with the ruling establishments of both parties in hopes of isolating Trump when in fact she merely exposed her role as a loyal servant of power.
Some have claimed that since Clinton won the popular vote, she was the rightful winner regardless of her flaws. Others have argued that the Republican Party right-wing elites rigged the election . However true, there will be no recall this time around. Why? The DNC and the Clinton campaign rigged the primaries in order to defeat Sanders. In a stunning shift of political legitimacy, the Democratic Party has eviscerated all difference between itself and its Republican Party counterparts.
Numerous pieces have been written about the dangers of the cabinet Trump will select. Indeed, Trump’s possibilities do not deviate from the standard Republican Party makeup. His potential choices for top positions include ""tough on crime"" Rudy Giuliani, austerity magnate Chris Christie, and privatization enthusiast Newt Gingrich. However, for the first time in a long time, the President of the United States is accountable to something other than the ruling class. In the past, Republican Party and Democratic Party Presidents dutifully served its paymasters while using manipulation to ensure that their respective bases were effectively neutralized.
MORE... Defeating White Liberalism in the Age of Trump Brian Cloughley: “The Greatest Achievement of Mr. Trump would be Engage in Positive Discussions with Russia and China” Arise President Trump (or Why it's not the End of the World as We Know it) This is not the case with Trump. Just a month ago, Trump was the least desired choice of the ruling class . It was Trump's petty bourgeois and working class base of white America that propelled him to victory. It is clear that the need to politically survive in hostile waters will compel Trump to choose a neo-con Administration. But a neo-con agenda is exactly what his supporters voted against. Even those who directly or indirectly ascribe to white American nationalism are sick of endless war and austerity. However, nothing less can be expected from the likes of Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich.
The contradictions of the Trump era will breed a social confrontation between classes not seen since the Great Depression. White liberals and white nationalists will battle for the soul of the two-party system. The neo-con establishment will have to confront Trump's foreign and economic policy campaign rhetoric, much of which is in direct antagonism with the GOP's record. And the Democratic Party will attempt to use the age of Trump as a time to regroup and steer the forces of resistance back into its camp.
How should the forces of resistance position themselves under this new set of conditions? First, the anti-war left needs to confront Trump's foreign policy head on and place pressure on him to make good on his promises to scale back NATO and its escalation toward Russia. The left needs to resist any and all attempts by Trump to make good on some of his less savory proposals, such as a the deportation of the million immigrants and the expansion of the US nuclear arsenal. Of course, Trump’s rhetoric must be placed in its proper context. It was the Obama Administration that signed a one trillion dollar agreement to ""modernize"" the US nuclear arsenal and deported nearly three million immigrants in eight years, a number unseen in US history. This means resistance to the Trump Administration's use of the apparatus that Obama and the Democrats built should be directed at the entire ruling class, not just one of the two parties that represent it.
The vast majority of people simply cannot afford the resurrection of the two-party system. As Don Debar of CPR News has made clear, the check of white supremacy simply doesn't pay the same dividends anymore. While the wealth gap between White America and Black American would take over two centuries to even out , it is also true that merely ten percent White America owns almost all wealth in the US . Capitalism's crisis has forced a large segment of the population to live under working class conditions. A unique opportunity exists to build and strengthen a radical left agenda in the US and a start a discussion of what it will take to implement it.
What is meant by “opportunity” is that a narrow outlook on this moment will breed narrow results. It should be imperative that the left force Trump's hand on foreign policy. It should demand that Trump use his executive powers to force through a 21st century Glass-Steagall Act and create a federal jobs program to rebuild infrastructure in the US. The left should not hesitate to condemn and protest whatever white supremacist and repressive policies come out of his Administration, with full recognition that it was Democratic and Republican Party consensus that got us here. As emotions run high and fear captures a number of people completely disenchanted with the current political climate in the United States, the time has come to spend the time and effort necessary to prepare the people for the war that existed long before Trump: class war.",0
14396,"Canada and E.U. Sign Trade Deal, Bucking Resistance to Globalization - The New York Times","BRUSSELS  —   The European Union and Canada signed a   trade agreement on Sunday that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition, after overcoming a   political obstacle that reflected the growing skepticism toward globalization in much of the developed world. Canada’s prime minister, Justin Trudeau, had been forced to call off an earlier trip to sign the deal after Wallonia, the   region of Belgium, used its veto to withhold Belgium’s approval of the deal. The pact required the support of all 28 European Union countries. On Friday, Wallonia, which has been hit hard by deindustrialization and feared greater agricultural competition, withdrew its veto after concessions were made by the Belgian government, including promises to protect farmers. Hours later, the European Union announced that the deal was back on track. Mr. Trudeau signed the pact on Sunday, joined by Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, which represents the leaders of the member states Prime Minister Robert Fico of Slovakia, which holds the rotating presidency of the body that runs the bloc’s ministerial meetings and   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, the bloc’s executive arm. The deal will help to demonstrate that “trade is good for the middle class and those working hard to join it,” Mr. Trudeau said at a news conference in Brussels. Mr. Trudeau said he wanted to “make sure that everyone gets that this is a good thing for our economies but it’s also a good example to the world. ” But the Walloon intransigence has underlined the extent to which trade has become politically radioactive as citizens increasingly blame globalization for growing disparities in wealth and living standards. Across Europe and the United States, opposition to trade has become a rallying point for populist movements on the left and the right, threatening to upend the established political order. A compromise among the regions of Belgium, which persuaded Wallonia to drop its veto, called for language to clarify the handling of trade complaints brought by Canadian or European companies. Belgium pledged to refer the arbitration system to the Court of Justice of the European Union, where judges can assess its legality. Nonetheless, several dozen   activists held a rowdy protest on Sunday outside the building where Mr. Trudeau signed the pact, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement. The protesters splashed red paint on the forecourt of the building and condemned a planned Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership between Europe and the United States. That much larger deal, known as T. T. I. P. has already stalled amid opposition from large numbers of Europeans, including many Germans and Austrians. The protesters see the Canadian deal as a   for a much larger battle. The spectacle of tiny Wallonia, with just 3. 6 million people, holding up a deal that affects more than 500 million Europeans and 35 million Canadians and prompting European Union leaders to delay a summit meeting has rattled Western leaders. “In the end, people who favor free trade survived to fight another day,” said Jacob Funk Kirkegaard, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington. “Now that we see the Canadian deal has made it over the finish line, the Atlantic trade deal still has a fighting chance,” he said. “But it won’t be easy. T. T. I. P. could similarly threaten traditional farming interests and arouse   European suspicions about common   health and environmental standards. ” As a legal matter, the member states’ legislatures still need to ratify the Canadian agreement. That could mean more hiccups before it goes into effect. Mr. Tusk, of the European Council, said he was cautiously optimistic that the deal would survive the ratification process and could send a positive message about globalization. “Today’s decisions demonstrate that the disintegration of the Western community does not need to become a lasting trend,” Mr. Tusk said. “Free trade and globalization have protected hundreds of millions of people from poverty and hunger. The problem is that few people believe this. ” “The European Union is not yet in the group of hard protectionist and   economies like China or Russia,” said Hosuk   the director of the European Center for International Political Economy, a research organization in Brussels. “Instead, the E. U. is carving out a new middle ground between those two countries and the United States. ” Europe, Mr.   said, is pivoting to a position as “neither an ally of East nor West. ” Once ratified, the Canadian deal would cut many tariffs on industrial goods and on farm and food items, according to the European Commission. The deal also would open up the services sector in areas like cargo shipping, maritime services and finance to European firms, the commission said. The Canadian deal is also regarded by trade advocates as a template for advanced, industrial economies by making it easier for their regulators to recognize one another’s rules, and by updating the rules on how companies can make sure governments protect their investments. If the Obama administration has its way, the next major regional trade accord to make it over the finish line will be the   Partnership, which includes the United States, Canada, Japan and Vietnam. The Pacific deal  —   largely because it involves a number of emerging economies  —   is a more traditional trade accord aimed mainly at cutting tariffs and knocking down impediments to trade. But like the Europeans, many Americans do not want to make concessions that would lower wages or threaten jobs at home. The   deal has become a hot issue in the United States presidential election both   nominees, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump, oppose it. Mr. Funk Kirkegaard, the senior fellow at the Peterson Institute, said he gave the Pacific deal about a 30 percent chance of being concluded while President Obama is still in office. “Beyond January,” he said, “it’s all dependent on the results of the election and who’s the next president. ”",0
14397,Как Великобритания использует «миротворчество» для войн на Ближнем Востоке | Новое восточное обозрение,"Регион: Внимание В своей новой статье французский обозреватель по странам Ближнего и Среднего Востока Жан Перье затрагивает тему особого внимания Великобритании к Ближнему Востоку и использования ею различных «рычагов влияния» для вмешательства в дела региона. Одним из таких рычагов, по мнению автора, в последние годы стала значительно увеличившаяся продажа оружия Британией в регион, в котором постоянно идут военные действия. К чему ведет такая политика королевства и как мирные жители Ближнего Востока расплачиваются своими жизнями от использования британского оружия недавно рассматривалось на страницах НВО . Однако мирные жители продолжают гибнуть, несмотря на активные попытки международной общественности спросить с виновников на Западе за невинно пролитую кровь. Публичная ближневосточная риторика Великобритании в ООН всегда отличалась довольно высокой степенью активности. Поэтому не удивительно, что Лондон, после ухода Тони Блэра в отставку с поста премьера королевства в 2007 году, стал активно продвигать его на роль спецпосланника «ближневосточного квартета» на Ближнем Востоке. Несмотря на отнюдь не миротворческую предыдущую деятельность этого политика, «забыв», в частности, о его решающей роли в развязывании вооруженной агрессии в Ираке. Аналогичная ситуация с использованием Великобританией возможностей ООН не для разрешения вооруженного кризиса в Йемене, а для наращивания оружия в эту зону конфликта происходит и сейчас. Так, курируя в Совете Безопасности ООН йеменское досье, с марта 2015 года Лондоном было продано в регион вооружений на сумму более 3 млрд фунтов. От этих вооружений гибнут гражданские лица, а официальный Лондон, прикрываясь «кураторством йеменского досье», продолжает наживаться на жизнях многострадальных мирных граждан в этой арабской стране. С учетом этого автор ставит естественный вопрос: как Великобритании, имеющей явный материальный интерес в продолжении вооруженных конфликтов в Йемене и других странах Ближнего Востока, может поручаться роль спецпосланника на Ближнем Востоке или куратора йеменское досье в СБ ООН? С полным содержанием статьи вы можете ознакомиться здесь . Популярные статьи ",0
14398,Mexico’s Richest Oligarch Loses Billions on News of Trump Victory,"
21st Century Wire says… 
Mexico’s billionaire tycoon Carlos Slim saw a large chuck of his wealth evaporate – literally overnight, after news of a Donald Trump election victory hit the currency and stock markets on Wednesday morning. 
According to Bloomberg financial analysts, Slim, Mexico’s wealthiest person and rated fifth on the global rich list, took a stinging $5.1 billion haircut after the Mexican Peso went into a 12% free fall after Trump’s stunning upset over Democratic Hillary Clinton. 
Slim’s loss amounted to a staggering 9.2 percent of his total fortune. 
In the week before, polls showed Hillary Clinton as the odds on favorite, netting the billionaires a staggering $57 billion in total wealth increase across world markets. However, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, oligarchs lost a total of $41 billion during Wednesday’s epic slide – with Slim being the biggest loser. ",0
14399,Deutsche Investitionen sprudeln wieder,"28. Oktober 2016 Tamara Wojewodina Die Wirtschaftskrise in Russland eröffnet neue Möglichkeiten für Unternehmen. Während der Export einbricht, steigt die Anzahl neuer Projekte überraschend auf Vorkrisenniveau. 
Foto: Gaia Russo 
Wenn Russen „pojechali“, „los geht’s“, sagen, dann kann etwas Alltägliches wie eine Taxifahrt bevorstehen. Oder etwas Außergewöhnliches wie ein Flug in den Weltraum – jeder hierzulande kennt den saloppen Ausruf von Juri Gagarin vor seinem ersten Flug. Und so meint der Deutsche Oliver Hermes eher Gagarin als Taxi, als er im Sommer mit der Schere in der Hand„Pojechali“ rief und das Bändchen einer nagelneuen Wilo-Fabrik durchschnitt. Hermes, der Vorstandsvorsitzende des Dortmunder Pumpenherstellers, war zur Werkseröffnung eingeflogen, genauso wie Russlands Premier Dmitrij Medwedew samt etwa 400 weiteren Gästen aus Deutschland und Russland. 
Natürlich ist eine Werkseröffnung so wenig ein Sprung ins Weltall wie die investierten 35 Millionen Euro der Dortmunder ein Riesenbetrag. Dennoch zeigt der hohe Besuch, wie wichtig gute Nachrichten über Investitionen aus dem Ausland für die Regierung derzeit sind. Die 450 neuen Mitarbeiter sollen nun jährlich bis zu 70 000 Pumpen herstellen, etwa für kommunaleBetriebe. Der Anteil lokaler Produktion beträgt 30 Prozent und soll in den kommenden Jahren auf 80 Prozent steigen. Die Geschäfte liefen in Russland schon immer gut für Wilo. Fast zehn Prozent des Umsatzes, etwa 100 Millionen Euro, macht das Unternehmen hierzulande. Mit der neuen Fabrik, eigentlich schon 2013 geplant, wollen sich die Dortmunder nun für rauere Zeitenwappnen. 
Das neue Werk von Wilo ist in diesem Jahr die größte Investition eines deutschen Unternehmens, aber bei Weitem nicht die einzige. Der Pumpenhersteller gehört zu einer Riege von Unternehmen, die gerade jetzt in Russland investieren. Die meisten versuchen, durch Lokalisierung die Krise abzufedern, sich öffentliche Aufträge zu sichern oder Protektionismus zu umgehen. So ist zwar der Export aus Deutschland nach Russland in den vergangenen beiden Jahren von etwa 42 auf 21,5 Milliarden Euro gesunken. Auch weil schrumpfende Öleinnahmen den Rubel stürzen ließen. Anders sieht das Bild aber bei den Direktinvestitionen aus. Russland lockt Mittelständler Deutsche Investitionen in Russland auf Rekordhoch Auch hier hatte es mit Beginn der Krise und der Einführung der Sanktionen im Zuge des Ukraine-Konflikts einen merklichen Einbruch gegeben. Hatten deutsche Firmen 2013 noch etwa 660 Millionen investiert, zogen sie 2014 nach Angaben der Bundesbank netto etwa 90 Millionen Euro ab. Doch schon 2015 kam die Wende. Mit 1,78 Milliarden fiel das positive Investitionssaldo so hoch aus wie seit 2008 nicht mehr. Die russische Zentralbank weist zwar etwas andere Zahlen aus. Ihr zufolge stiegen die deutschen Direktinvestitionen zwischen 2014 und 2015 von 311 Millionen auf 1,3 Milliarden Euro. Doch im Grunde bestätigen sie den Trend. 
Der größte Unterschied zu der Zeit vor der Krise, sagt Alexander Ivlev, Russland-Chef der Beratungsfirma Ernst and Young (EY) in Russland, ist, dass vor allem international orientierte Mittelständler nach Russland kommen. So hat die Firma Gühring aus Albstadt im Juni eine Werkzeugfabrik in Nischnij Nowgorod eröffnet und acht Millionen Euro in die Produktion investiert. Der Zulieferer Edscha mit Sitz in Remscheid investierte vier Millionen Euro in die Produktion von Scharnieren für Autotüren in Togliatti, wo auch der Lada-Hersteller Avtovaz ansässig ist. Besonders viel Aufmerksamkeit bekam der Landmaschinenhersteller Claas, der Anfang des Sommers einen Sonderinvestitionsvertrag mit der russischen Regierung unterschrieben hat. Seine Mähdrescher gelten von nun an als russische Fahrzeuge, was dazu führt, dass russische Bauern nun beim Kauf eines Claas auf staatliche Zuschüsse hoffen können. Im Gegenzug verpflichtete sich das deutsche Unternehmen, weitere zehn Millionen Euro in die lokale Fertigung zu pumpen, zusätzlich zu den 120 Millionen, die bereits geflossen sind. Roter Teppich für Investoren Schlupfloch im Sanktionskrieg: Rechtssicherheit für ausländische Investoren „Ein großer Teil der Investitionen fließt aktuell in die Produktion“, erklärt Experte Ivlev. Auch weil der Markteintritt derzeit sehr günstig sei. Löhne und Baukosten sind in Euro gerechnet deutlich zurückgegangen. In einer Studie hat EY aktuell über 200 neue Investitionsprojekte in Russland gezählt. Noch im vergangenen Jahr lag die Zahl der Projekte bei 125. Überhaupt wurde die Marke von 200 in den jährlichen EY-Studien lediglich im Jahr 2010 überschritten. Wenig überraschend landete Deutschland bei den Herkunftsländern der Investoren in Russland auf Platz eins mit insgesamt 36 Projekten und über 2 000 neu geschaffenen Jobs. 
„Der russischen Regierung sind Investitionen angesichts der Wirtschaftskrise und des Sanktionsregimes überaus wichtig“, sagt Matthias Schepp, Vorstandsvorsitzender der Deutsch-Russischen Auslandshandelskammer. „Wer Technologie transferiert und sich entscheidet, in Russland zu produzieren, bekommt einen roten Teppich ausgerollt.“ 
Ob der Investitionsboom auch in diesem Jahr weitergeht, ist noch offen. Die Daten der Bundesbank weisen für das erste Quartal bereits einen Wert von über einer Milliarde Euro aus. Die russische Zentralbank kommt lediglich auf rund 300 Millionen Euro frische Investitionen. 
Bei Wilo jedenfalls herrscht noch Optimismus. „Russland ist für uns in den nächsten Jahrzehnten ein hoch attraktiver Markt“, sagte Jens Dallendörfer, Generaldirektor von Wilo Rus, bei der Werkseröffnung. „Wir sehen das Werk auch als Exportplattform für den Wirtschaftsraum von Lissabon bis Wladiwostok und die Länder der Eurasischen Wirtschaftsunion.“",0
14400,Celebrities to Deplorables: YOU SUCK!,"In Hillary's America, email server scrubs you 
Obama transfers his Nobel Peace Prize to anti-Trump rioters 
Democrats blame Hillary's criminal e-mail server for her loss, demand it face prison 
Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
14401,Shell Shocked by Unprecedented Election: How Trump Will Be Used for “What Will Happen Next”,"Read by 358 people 
This article was written by Brandon Smith and published at his Alt-Market.com site. 
Editor’s Comment: Make no mistake, there is an agenda at work here. You can’t win for losing, or quit while you’re ahead. Everything is quick sand, and one step forward two steps back. The world is stuck in a very tight trap, and it will require more than two dimensional thinking to find our way out of it. Electing Trump sent the right message to the powers that be, but the end result will be used to maneuver their next move against us. 
Nearly everyone is convinced of the need to reform the system, change things and somehow drain the swamp. But it seems that the complex of the system has a way of dragging people back down into it. This is a dangerous cycle of corruption, and one that will be very difficult to crawl out of, like a funnel. Stay on guard, and watch carefully at where the people win and where they lose in the next few scenes. 
World Suffers From Trump Shell Shock – Here’s What Will Happen Next 
by Brandon Smith 
I’ve been saying this for a long time, and I’ll say it again here — in life there are only two kinds of people: those who know and those who don’t. Some might claim there is a third option: those who don’t want to know. In any case, if you want to be able to foresee geopolitical and social trends, you have to be one of the people who know. 
Above all else, in order to know you must be willing to step outside of the confusion and theater of the circus and look at developments from above. If you are biased and retain too many sacred cows you will never understand how the world works. You will be too busy trying to reinforce your own fantasies to see anything else. 
Beyond this, you must also understand that political and social developments are not random; they are either reactions to deliberate policies of special interests or they are driven by policies of special interests. Therefore, these developments are predictable and can be calculated (to a point). 
I usually refer to these “special interests” as global elites, or globalists, because that is how they often refer to themselves. The point is, most of the events you see in the political world are engineered events designed to elicit a specific psychological response from you and the people around you. You are not a human being to these people; you are either an asset to be molded or an obstacle to be disposed of. This is how our world works. Period. And until we fully understand this and accept it, things will never change. 
So, to be clear, if you understand the minds of globalists and understand what they want, you can understand the basic direction of the future. 
It is this philosophy which has allowed me to consistently and accurately predict geopolitical and economic events that very few other people have been able to predict. For example, I correctly predicted the Federal Reserve taper of QE , I predicted the inclusion of China in the IMF’s Special Drawing Rights years in advance, I predicted the exact timing of the first Fed rate hike, I predicted the success of the Brexit referendum when most of the world and the liberty movement said it was never going to happen, I predicted that the Saudi 9/11 bill would pass , that Barack Obama would veto it and that congress would override his veto , I predicted that Hillary Clinton would be the Democratic candidate and that Donald Trump would be the Republican candidate for president of the U.S. and, for the past five months, I have been predicting that Donald Trump would win the 2016 election . 
People can either attribute these series of successful predictions to pure “luck,” or they can consider the possibility that I know what I am talking about. I’ll leave that to them. 
The real issue, though, is not that my predictions were correct. What is more important is WHY they were correct. To begin with, I am often correct because it is a fact that globalists influence events. Globalists are human (at least partially); thus, they are predictable, making events predictable. If you can see from the perspective of a globalist, you will know what they want and what they are likely to do to get it. 
In a world without globalists I would have a hard time successfully predicting anything. 
I never make a cold prediction without a concrete rationale for why I hold that view. I always break down the reasons and evidence that bring sense to them. Some analysts might be content to simply flip a coin and make a call without explanation; I am not. 
As far as the Trump election win is concerned, this is what I said in June of this year : 
“In light of the Brexit I’m going to have to call it here and now and predict that the most likely scenario for elections will be a Trump presidency. Trump has consistently warned of a recession during his campaign and with the Brexit dragging markets lower over the next few months, he will probably be proven “prophetic.” 
… Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters. 
The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk.” 
All of my predictions are rooted in a particular premise; that the global elites have been, since 2008 at least, deliberately setting the stage for an evolving international financial crisis greater than any other seen in modern history. This crisis is a means to an end. Globalists use one strategy above all others to achieve their goals — the Hegelian Dialectic; problem, reaction, solution. 
As I have documented for years, the elites openly call for the ultimate eradication of national sovereignty and the formation of a single world economy, a single world currency and, eventually, a single world government. In order to make this omelet, they intend to break a few eggs (and collapse a few economies). By blaming “national sovereignty” (and the people that defend it) for this crisis, they hope to convince the masses that the only practical solution is total centralization. You can read my in-depth analysis and evidence of this in my article “ The Economic End Game Explained. ” 
I also specifically predicted the Brexit and the Trump win based on another premise; that the elites are allowing conservative movements to take political power in certain regions, only to remove stimulus support from the global economy afterward. That is to say, I successfully predicted the Brexit and the Trump win because I understand and accept the reality that conservatives and liberty activists are not “winning;” we are being set up as scapegoats for a financial crash that the globalists already created. 
Again, people can either say I am lucky, or that there is something to my position, but the fact of the matter is I have been right and I will probably continue to be right. This brings us to what will happen going into 2017. 
The election of Donald Trump signals a sea change in not only global politics, but more importantly, global economic stability and social developments. As frenetic and insane as 2016 has been, 2017 will be drastically more chaotic. Some of these changes will be obvious, some of them will once again only be visible to a handful of people in the world. Lets start first with my happier predictions… The Death Of The Mainstream Media 
This is an easy one. The mainstream media, with its insane regressive-progressives and elitist bias, misrepresented the “Alt-Right,” the Trump campaign and anti-social justice movements during the entirety of the election process. Not only this, but through Wikileaks the leftist media was made naked as numerous journalists and outlets were exposed; colluding directly with the DNC and the Hillary campaign to first bushwhack Bernie Sanders and then rig debates and polling numbers to show Clinton in a farcically superior position to Trump. 
The mainstream media is now seen by the majority of Americans on the left and right as a lumbering rotting propaganda corpse that needs to be decapitated before it spreads its disease to anyone else. I predict MSM outlet readership and viewership (with the exception of FOX News) will collapse even further than it already has and that many outlets will be forced to consolidate until they fade out of existence. 
As I have said for years, the mainstream media is dead, they just don’t know it yet. Well, after this election, everyone knows. The alternative media will take the place of the mainstream media. We will be adopting their viewership and growing explosively over the next year while they shrivel. 
They decided that their job was not to report the facts, but to manipulate public opinion. They are liars and a disgrace to true journalism. Good riddance. 
That said, some people will argue that my position that the elites wanted a Trump presidency is not tenable exactly because the liberal media worked so hard to rig public opinion against Trump. I will explain in my next article why these people are missing the bigger picture. The Crippling Of Social Justice Warriors 
The SJW cult is not dead, but it has been crippled. It is now a drooling bedridden quadriplegic eating its meals through a straw; a malfunctioning shell of a movement destined to be put out of its misery. 
When I think of social justice warriors I think of the Island of Misfit Toys; nobody wants these people. They are a detriment to everything they touch, including the Democratic party. It was the zealotry of SJWs that caused conservatives to rally in anger around Trump. It was they that awakened the sleeping giant. 
One reason I was so certain Clinton had set herself up for a loss was her insistence that the Democrats openly adopt these hell spawn and their ideology. By embracing politically correct rhetoric and accusing all opposition of being “deplorable” racists, sexists and homophobes, Clinton doomed her campaign from the very beginning. Anyone with any sense could see the massive tide against SJWs growing on the internet. In fact, I propose that the globalists, using the advanced web analytics at their disposal, saw it even before the rest of us did. 
SJWs are a tiny minority in American society. Their only strategy has been to use Alinsky tactics to make their movement appear much larger than it really is. Through mutual aid and elitist supporters in popular media, SJWs presented a fabricated consensus. They made it seem as though they were the majority view and, thus, the “superior” view. 
One fantastic result of the 2016 election has been the realization by conservatives that they are not isolated on the fringes of society. In fact, in America at least, we are a considerable force to be reckoned with. There is an old story of a Roman Senator 2,000 years ago who suggested the idea of forcing slaves to wear armbands to make them easily identifiable. Another senator admonished the notion, stating “No, if they realize how many of them there really are, they may revolt.” 
This is what Election 2016 did for conservatives — we have seen that millions of us have arm bands, and we are now in revolt. 
I rarely comment on race issues because I don’t really see race as very relevant in most cases; but it has been the tactic of social justice cultists to constantly and brutally target straight white males as the monsters of history and therefore responsible for the ills and failures of every minority group from today to eternity. At this point I think it is safe to say that we will NO LONGER sit idly by as whipping boys for sad, deluded people clamoring for victim group status. The End Of Mainstream Polling 
I was also confident in my prediction of a Trump win based on my knowledge of inconsistencies in modern polling methods. The fact of the matter is, polling suffers from the same lack of objectivity that any other “science” can at times suffer from — the results will always be vulnerable to influence from the observer. If the observer wants a particular outcome for the numbers, they will consciously or unconsciously rig their method to produce the desired result. 
I saw this happen time and time again during the Brexit polls leading up to the referendum, and, as I stated many times before the U.S. election, the campaign polls seemed to be behaving the same way. This is how you get media sources like Reuters claiming a 90 percent chance of a win by Hillary Clinton just before the election. When pollsters weight their polls with far more democrats than republicans and when they poll the same groups repeatedly they are not going to get varied or honest data. 
In the end, polls become propaganda tools rather than litmus tests. The mainstream has tried desperately to explain why their polls were so utterly wrong, but it is too late for them. After the Brexit and the U.S. election, no one is going to trust these numbers again. Liberty Groups Will Get Some Breathing Room (For A Little While) 
The steady drum beat of government antagonism for “patriot groups” is probably going to subside for a short time. I happen to know that many militia groups and preparedness networks are breathing a heavy sigh of relief today after eight years of a hostile Obama presidency, the IRS sniping at liberty organizations and individual activists based purely on political zealotry, the DHS profiling liberty activists as terrorists and the SPLC frothing at the mouth like rabid animals looking to use their ties to the feds as a means to sink their teeth into any conservatives with the guts to refuse participation in the mainstream narrative. 
With conservatives launching into 2017 with complete control of government and a Trump mandate, it would seem that liberty groups have “won the fight” and have nothing to worry about. 
That said, don’t get too comfortable, folks, because now we are going to discuss my negative predictions going into next year… The Final Stage Of Economic Collapse 
Economic collapse is a process, not a singular event; stock markets play only a minor part in this process. Most Americans’ only relation to the economy is through the daily rise and fall of the Dow Jones. If they see the Dow in the green, they go on with their day. If they see the Dow in the red, they stop and question what is happening. The election of Donald Trump has surprised many with a sudden rise, rather than fall, in stock markets. But, as I told my readers before the election, it would be wise to wait a couple of weeks before trying to analyze these markets because that is how long it will take just to absorb the election results. 
I predict first that central banks around the globe will further cut stimulus measures and that the Fed is now guaranteed to raise interest rates, probably in December before Trump even enters the White House. I also believe that the process of initiating a market crisis will take approximately six months to become widely visible to the public. As a consequence of the Fed pulling the plug on markets, I predict Trump and the Fed will enter into open hostilities against each other, which will erode international faith in the U.S. dollar as the world reserve currency. 
By extension, Trump’s presence in the White House will exacerbate already-existing tensions with Saudi Arabia. The Saudi 9/11 bill is just the beginning. As a result, I believe Saudi Arabia will dump the U.S. dollar as the petro-currency, influencing numerous other OPEC nations to do the same. I believe this will happen by early 2018. 
In my view, for now, oil prices will be the best indicator for where stocks are headed in the next few months. 
This is not something many Trump supporters want to hear. The response in the liberty movement to my prediction that the elites would allow Trump into office was rather predictable as well. In my article ‘Why The U.S. Election Has The Entire World Confused’ I stated: 
“I have not taken this position just to be contrary. If I think about it honestly, my position is truly a losing position. If I am mistaken and Clinton wins on the 8th then I’ll probably never hear the end of it, but that’s a risk that has to be taken, because what I see here is a move on the chess board that others are not considering. If I’m wrong, then I’m wrong. 
That said, if I am right, then I still lose, because Trump supporters and half the liberty movement will be so enraptured that they will probably ignore the greater issue — that Trump is the candidate the elites wanted all along.” 
This seems to be the reaction from about half the liberty movement so far; a general blind faith and bias, clinging to the idea that the election (just like the Brexit) was a victory, and that conservatives had just won the culture war and defeated the globalists. It’s funny how it wasn’t much of a controversy when everyone thought I was wrong about Trump winning in the first place. 
There are two primary arguments that come up with these people. First, that my view on the influence of the elites is “unrealistic” and that the elites would have to be “omnipotent” in order to succeed in directing the outcome of these events so effectively. I will address this argument in detail in my next article on the Trump presidency and what the consequences will be for us all if Trump turns out not to be a constitutionalist. 
The second argument they present is that the elites “will never succeed” in blaming Trump and conservatives for an economic crisis that was decades in the making. To the people that embrace this argument I say — I understand mass psychology far better than you do. 
The reality is, half of America is ALREADY primed to blame Trump for everything that happens over the next four years (if we even make it that long). Possession is nine-tenths of the law in the minds of many. Beyond that, every meme in the global media and on the left is promoting the idea that Trump is an apocalypse in the making. Even Germany’s ‘Der Spiegal’ published its after-election magazine with a cover depicting Trump’s head as a giant comet hurtling towards the Earth. Don’t tell me that Trump cannot be blamed for an economic crisis. Only a complete idiot would suggest that he is anything other than the perfect scapegoat. 
At bottom, it does not matter whether people believe the above predictions or not. I have hundreds of emails from readers who called me a “tinfoil hatter” in the past and are now apologizing. So, if you plan to react in a knee-jerk fashion to the notion that Trump and conservatives are being set up by the elites for a final financial flagellation, be sure to write two letters — one for today saying I’ve lost touch, and the other for tomorrow when you find out I was right once again. 
This article was written by Brandon Smith of Alt-Market.com and first published at Personal Liberty.com . Click here to subscribe : Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post 
Author: Brandon Smith Views: Read by 358 people Date: November 16th, 2016 Website: http://alt-market.com/articles/3061-world-suffers-from-trump-shell-shock-heres-what-will-happen-next 
Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.",0
14402,"Sepp Blatter and Deputies Arranged Huge Payouts After Indictments, FIFA Says - The New York Times","Days after several of his colleagues were awakened in their hotel rooms by the police and arrested on corruption charges last year, Sepp Blatter, the longtime president of FIFA, made an important decision. He decided he deserved a raise. With soccer in crisis and an unprecedented scandal beginning to boil, Mr. Blatter  —   who had just won   to a record fifth   term  —   signed a new employment contract that increased his salary to $3 million a year and guaranteed him a $12 million bonus if he completed his mandate. That arrangement, completed just as FIFA was plunging into organizational chaos, was one of many instances in which three of FIFA’s top officials arranged over five years to pay themselves more than $80 million, according to an internal investigation of world soccer’s governing body by the American law firm Quinn Emanuel. It was the latest in a series of   accusations about a culture of corruption pervading FIFA. For years, top soccer officials have been accused of using bribes and payoffs to profit from their roles overseeing the billions of dollars FIFA and other governing bodies generate through tournaments like the World Cup. But in the past year, dozens of soccer officials  —   though not the three accused Friday  —   have been charged with fraud, racketeering and money laundering in a broad corruption investigation led by the United States Justice Department. On Friday, lawyers from Quinn Emanuel, which was hired by FIFA in the wake of last year’s arrests, published a synopsis of some of the findings of their own investigation. In it, they identified three former FIFA officials  —   Mr. Blatter and his former deputies Jérôme Valcke and Markus Kattner  —   as having mounted a “coordinated effort” to enrich themselves through a series of raises, bonuses and other payments. The three were also accused of modifying the termination clauses in their employment contracts to ensure that they would receive   payouts even if they were fired for cause. “They had the authority they needed,” Quinn Emanuel investigators wrote of Mr. Blatter, Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner, “and they simply told payroll and HR, the department generally in charge for employment contracts at FIFA and which reported to Mr. Kattner, how much should be paid out and to whom. ” In a statement responding to the accusations, Mr. Blatter’s lawyer, Richard Cullen, said Friday, “We look forward to showing FIFA that Mr. Blatter’s compensation payments were proper, fair and in line with the heads of major professional sports leagues around the world. ” Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner did not immediately respond to FIFA’s statement. None of the three men currently work for FIFA. Mr. Blatter was barred from soccer by FIFA in December and replaced by a new president, Gianni Infantino, in an election in February. FIFA suspended Mr. Valcke, Mr. Blatter’s longtime deputy, last fall and fired him in January amid accusations of corruption. Mr. Valcke was replaced temporarily as secretary general by FIFA’s finance director, Mr. Kattner. That effectively placed Mr. Kattner in control of FIFA’s finances in the months leading to this year’s presidential election, but he, too, was fired, in May, after FIFA said it had discovered he had breached his fiduciary duty to the organization. The accusations by FIFA and its lawyers seemed intended to paint a picture of a leadership group operating outside FIFA financial controls: ■ In 2010, Mr. Blatter, Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner were awarded $23 million in retroactive bonuses for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa that FIFA said were not called for under their employment agreements. ■ In 2011, with Mr. Blatter in a contested election for the FIFA presidency, Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner were given   contract extensions that included guarantees that they would receive full payment of their salaries if they lost their jobs, a likely outcome under a new president. ■ That same year, Mr. Blatter received a bonus of 12 million Swiss francs (about $12 million) for overseeing the 2014 World Cup. ■ In May 2015, only days after the arrests of several of their colleagues in Zurich, Mr. Blatter, who signed a contract in 2008 that paid him 2 million Swiss francs (about $2 million) a year, executed a new contract that increased his salary to about $3 million and included the prospect of another performance bonus of $12 million if he completed his term. A day after that, Mr. Kattner’s contract was extended four years  —   through December 2023  —   and modified to include a clause that he be paid in full even if he was fired. In its statement, FIFA dryly labeled the timing of that contract extension “noteworthy. ” The details of Quinn Emanuel’s investigation deflected attention  —   at least momentarily  —   away from two other FIFA stories this week: the news that the Swiss attorney general’s office had conducted a new raid on FIFA headquarters in Zurich on Friday as part of a continuing investigation into possible corruption, and recent issues regarding transparency that have plagued Mr. Infantino. Earlier this week, a German newspaper reported that Mr. Infantino had worked behind the scenes to marginalize FIFA’s independent auditor in a leadership power struggle. That situation came to light when the auditor, Domenico Scala, abruptly resigned at FIFA’s recent Congress in Mexico, saying that Mr. Infantino and others had orchestrated a change in FIFA’s bylaws that shifted the power to hire and fire the independent ethics officials with FIFA’s new governing council  —   a body led by Mr. Infantino. FIFA has defended Mr. Infantino by saying the shift was done to protect the organization against the possibility it might be unable to separate itself from individuals who come under investigation, but the assertion seemed to run counter to Mr. Infantino’s professed support for reform and his stated goal of greater separation of powers at FIFA. Then this week came the German report, which said that Mr. Infantino had instructed FIFA staff members to delete recordings of an executive session in which removing Mr. Scala had been discussed. Mr. Scala, as part of his role leading the audit and compliance committee, also was responsible for setting Mr. Infantino’s salary  —   a process that reportedly had gone poorly, with Mr. Infantino describing Mr. Scala’s initial proposal of a $2 million salary as “insulting. ” All of this comes as FIFA tries to emerge from the worst corruption scandal in its history, a period which began just over a year ago when more than a dozen soccer and sports marketing officials with ties to soccer’s global governing body were arrested in predawn raids before a FIFA meeting in Zurich. Several have pleaded guilty to corruption charges in the United States, including more FIFA executives arrested in a second Zurich raid in December. Many of those executives held top posts in the FIFA led by Mr. Blatter, Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner, so it was not surprising that more detailed allegations against the three men might emerge. In its news release on Friday, FIFA and its lawyers accused Mr. Blatter, Mr. Valcke and Mr. Kattner of working together to bulk up their compensation in agreements as far back as 2007. The evidence, the lawyers said, revealed breaches of fiduciary duty and also raised questions about FIFA’s internal financial controls, especially the role of its compensation subcommittee. It was unclear whether all the salary and bonuses were paid and if FIFA would seek to recover any of it. FIFA said that all of the contracts would face further investigation, and that it had shared its findings with the Swiss attorney general’s office and would do the same with the Justice Department.",0
14403,Destruction of US Abrams Tank: Mosul Offensive Good for General Dynamics,"By Kurt Nimmo, Blacklisted News 
In the video below the “folk hero” of the Iraqi Counter-Terror Services and regular Iraqi army takes a direct hit in the battle for Mosul. 
The destruction of an Abrams tank by a Russian ATGM Kornet missile is good news if you’re a stockholder in General Dynamics Land Systems, formerly Chrysler Defense. 
General Dynamics makes the Abrams battle tank. 
Each one costs $9 million. 
The US will simply ship another tank to replace the one destroyed along with its presumed Iraqi crew. Iraqi lives are a cheap commodity, so it will not be a problem to find another expendable tank crew. 
Back in 2012 former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno testified to Congress that the Army has more than enough tanks. He suggested the line at General Dynamics be shut down temporarily. “Our tank fleet is two and a half years old on average now. We’re in good shape and these are additional tanks that we don’t need,” he said. 
Congress budgeted more money for new tanks anyway. Rep. Mac Thornberry, a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said more tanks were needed in Europe to confront Vladimir Putin. 
Military readiness is a “consumable,” said Maj. Gen. Thomas A. Horlander, the Army’s budget director. Military hardware is “cumulative,” according to the Pentagon. 
On Tuesday General Dynamics stock opened at $151.21 and closed at $152.59. Last week the corporation was awarded a $170 million contract for an air-to-ground rocket system. Earlier this month General Dynamics was awarded a $900 million contract over five years to provide engineering and technical services for major weapon systems, program technical assistance, support systems requirements and assist with production decision-making and program controls, according to MarketWatch . 
The United States is the largest producer and exporter of weapons in the world. The US armed forces budget topped out over $600 billion in 2015. 
U.S. Military Budgets 1948-2015 
Obama FY2010-15 $663.4 billion per year Bush Jr FY2002-09* $634.9",0
14404,"Cornell University Students, Faculty Demand College Provide Funding to Illegal Immigrants - Breitbart","Students from Cornell University hosted a protest to demand that the college provide funding to illegal immigrants. [About 250 students and faculty members attended the protest, which was organized by the Cornell Coalition for Inclusive Democracy, Heat Street reported.  “No ban, no wall. Sanctuary for all,” protesters chanted. The protesters want the upstate New York school to provide illegal immigrants, including those not protected by DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) with special funding. “Our endangered community members still lack explicit assurance that the institution that took them in will protect them,” Professor Russell Rickford told the Cornell Sun. “That’s shameful. ” The group also wants Cornell to provide   housing for immigrant students who have been warned not to travel overseas, and fight for legislation that protects illegal immigrants. They also want campus police not to release information about illegal immigrant students to immigration agents unless it is absolutely necessary. “State explicitly that CUPD will join the Tompkins County Sheriff and Ithaca Police Department in declining to honor civil immigration detainer requests (which is not legally required!) from a federal agent unless accompanied by a judicial warrant,” the demand read. One illegal immigrant student spoke about her struggle to obtain financial aid. “I had to sacrifice meals. I had to sacrifice having the right books. I had to do everything to thrive at this school,” Julia Montejo said. “Now that Cornell’s caught up, which is a little late for many people, Cornell is refusing to explicitly state that CUPD will not cooperate with ICE. ” Another professor told the crowd that the students would “always be in a minority” in terms of what they were fighting for. “You will always be in a minority. But, the truth is, we look back on those periods now as periods of grave injustice, where time has turned against what was done. And you don’t need the majority what you need is a very dedicated, involved minority,” Professor Joe Margulies said.  ",0
14405,Here’s What Happens in Your Brain When You Lie,"posted by Eddie A new study revealed that consistent small lies could alter the way on how a certain part of the brain associated to negative emotions respond to lie, desensitizing our brain in the process and encourages bigger lies in the future. The study, published in the journal Nature Neuroscience , is the first to provide empirical evidence that telling small lies could gradually lead to larger lies. Additionally, the study is also the first to have a deeper look on the brain’s responses to repeated and increasing acts of dishonesty. “When we lie for personal gain, our amygdala produces a negative feeling that limits the extent to which we are prepared to lie,” explained senior author Dr Tali Sharot, from University College London Experimental Psychology, in a statement . “However, this response fades as we continue to lie, and the more it falls the bigger our lies become. This may lead to a ‘slippery slope’ where small acts of dishonesty escalate into more significant lies.” For the study, the researchers recruited 80 volunteers. The participants took part in a team estimation task that involved guessing the number of pennies in the jar and sending their estimates to unseen partners using computers. The researchers introduced the participants in different scenarios that may affect their estimation. As the baseline scenario, the participants were told that aiming for the most accurate estimate would benefit them and their partners. Other scenarios include over- or under-estimating the amount of pennies would either benefit them both, benefit them at their partner’s expense, benefit their partners at their expense and benefit one of them without any effect on the other one. The researchers observed that participants started exaggerating their estimates in the scenario in which over-estimating would benefit them at the expense of their partner. The exaggeration of the estimates elicited a strong response from the amygdala. However, as the Due exaggerations of the estimate continue to escalate throughout the study, the response from the amygdala declined. These findings show that the amygdala signals aversion to acts that considered to wrong or immoral. However, repeated acts of dishonesty can solicit a blunt response from the brain, reducing the emotional response to dishonest acts. Source:",0
14406,Building Zaha Hadid’s Bold Afterlife - The New York Times,"ANTWERP, BELGIUM  —   For architects, or at least for Zaha Hadid, there is an afterlife. On Sept. 22, nearly six months after this British architect’s sudden death at 65, one of her boldest buildings, Port House, opened in a ceremony on the newly christened Zaha Hadid Square in Antwerp. Under the soaring prow of a dynamically angled    structure drifting like an airship over a palatial brick firehouse, a chorus and orchestra performed the “Ode to Joy” from Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony. The score and backdrop amounted to a curtain rising on the second act of Ms. Hadid’s career, as operatic as any since Frank Lloyd Wright’s. Ms. Hadid’s   moment signaled, with the recent opening of another building in Italy, the start of a posthumous career that promises to deliver nearly 50 more structures  —   as many buildings as were created in her lifetime. Ms. Hadid’s professional journey started late but gathered momentum, culminating with 36 projects under construction or in final drawings, and others in the pipeline. Her business partner, Patrik Schumacher, now principal of the firm, estimates it will roll out in 26 countries over the next decade. Zaha Hadid Architects will retain its name even as it evolves under his direction, “but always with Zaha’s DNA,” he said. At the opening ceremony, Marc Van Peel, president of the Port of Antwerp, called the faceted structure, its facade erupting in a stormy field of reflective triangles, a “diamond ship,” referring both to the city’s famous diamond trade and to the building’s site overlooking the sprawling port. Even taxi drivers had strong opinions: “I like it because it’s by a woman and because I like science fiction,” one said. “It’s magic. ” Starchitects don’t usually enter open competitions with such   odds. But in 2008, Ms. Hadid signed up with a hundred other architects to vie for the chance to adapt and expand a     fire station into an office building for the 500 employees who run the port’s operations. Rotterdam, just across the Scheldt River, is Europe’s largest port. Brussels, the capital, is the repository of Belgium’s and the European Union’s grandest public buildings. Antwerp tries harder. Before completion of Ms. Hadid’s   $62 million design, when officials introduced foreign delegations to a port updated with the largest berths, deepest channels and latest technologies, they had to do so from a scrum of offices overlooking a vestigial harbor serving pleasure boats. According to the project architect Joris Pauwels,“They wanted their headquarters in a building that represents their     port. ” Urban planners also wanted to stake a goal post for the growth of Antwerp’s residential district. “They wanted a statement piece of architecture that would pivot the north edge of the growing city to the southern edge of the expanding port,” said Mr. Pauwels, a Belgian who works in Ms. Hadid’s London office but hails from the Antwerp area. Ms. Hadid did her homework for the competition. Because the existing building, a copy of a   Hanseatic structure, had historic designation, she hired a heritage consultant who advised that a spire originally designed for the firehouse, but never built, anticipated and justified an “accent” piece atop the   base. Mr. Schumacher recalled that when Ms. Hadid saw a map and images of the site, she said its sheer scale  —   the Port of Antwerp is 10 times larger than the city itself  —   called for a signature piece “that would own the port but address the city,” he said. “Anything less would disappear. ” Mr. Pauwels recalled: “The importance to Zaha was the layering, setting a new structure over the old one” that would both read at a distance and liberate ground for public space. And Patrik wanted the new structure to overshoot the fire station and land on a single point. ” Ms. Hadid and Mr. Schumacher reviewed and changed numerous options developed mainly by Mr. Pauwels, based on the initial concept. From the beginning of her career, Ms. Hadid lofted her buildings, defying gravity: Air has been her design habitat. The architects perched the      volume of new offices on a leaning, sculpted column housing a fire escape that meets the ground like a Louboutin heel, and on an elevator core rising up from the original courtyard. A tall space between old and new buildings is a promenade deck for viewing and receptions. Inside the addition, all floors are   offices with rows of desks arranged on the bias the triangulated walls offer circumferential views of the city and the vast Scheldt estuary. In the brick firehouse, the architects stripped decades of accretions down to a shell that they restored inside and out their new glass roof transformed the courtyard into a reception area (now used to exhibit Ms. Hadid’s work). What provoked the “wows” often heard on Zaha Hadid Square is that the architects threw the hovering volume off balance, first by planting the addition   to maximize light into the courtyard, and then by bending and stretching its shape, as though driven and distorted by invisible forces. The whole volume lists like a ship under sail, capturing the movement of a boat that, counterintuitively, looks as though it’s suspended in dry dock. Halfway down, the flat planes of the leaning sidewalls crack into a tessellated field of triangles that reflect light, activating the surfaces and dynamizing the shape. Edges are cut and beveled, sometimes for views, sometimes for interior stairways. At night, the whole structure resembles a huge suspended urban lantern competing with the moon. Like all of Ms. Hadid’s projects, especially in recent years, the design was produced by a firm that she structured, Mr. Schumacher said, “to encourage the survival of the best idea  —   an office that could think for itself. ” Despite the popular perception of Ms. Hadid as a   design force, even a diva, she ran an open office where, according to Mr. Pauwels, ideas flowed democratically rather than hierarchically. Within the general principles she had broadly developed during 35 years of practice, Ms. Hadid, Mr. Schumacher and other architects, both senior and junior, brainstormed ideas together, and the younger design architects would then develop proposals that would lead to further sketches. “There was no recipe for design,” Mr. Pauwels said “She wanted to push boundaries. ” Ms. Hadid and Mr. Schumacher made the final decision together. He said that she had offered to share the masthead with him before she died, but he declined: “It was better to keep the focus on Zaha, and to avoid diluting our identity if there were eventually other partners’ names to add. ” If little has changed in the design process, the office that she had run for years as an informal, very personal atelier is more structured. Over the last dozen years, it grew to 400 from 40. “We couldn’t have hundreds of people on a zero hierarchy,” Mr. Schumacher said. “We restructured, organizing clusters under collegial leadership” and adding mechanisms to handle financial accountability. He noted that despite aggressive head hunting by some of London’s most prominent firms, no one had left. He is now the principal owner of Zaha Hadid Architects, though he said the details of the ownership were still to be determined. Since Ms. Hadid’s death, the office has received several major commissions, among them a   central business district in Prague with nearly a million square feet of offices and retail, and the Sberbank Technopark headquarters in Moscow, said to be Russia’s answer to Silicon Valley. Several   and a vast airport in Beijing are under construction. “Due to scale, we are looking for new drivers to give character and identity to buildings, new structural and environmental logics that will give buildings a new physiognomy,” Mr. Schumacher said. Clarifying how the Hadid DNA would endure even at a vastly larger, technologically driven scale that normally homogenizes design, he continued: “We want to bring technical ideas into an expressive area. Zaha believed in research, and of course, our interests in research will change. We’ve looked at shells in Saudi Arabia, tensile structures in London, new ideas for skeletons in Miami, New York and Chicago, and we’re looking at the mega atriums that Atlanta architect John Portman built into his hotels. ” There are headwinds. Though Mr. Schumacher has strongly stated that he favors “Brexit,” to liberate British offices from the European Union’s regulatory environment, the   office will possibly lose access to competitions required by the European Union for large public projects. “‘Brexit’ could impact us,” he said. “It might exclude us. ” Then there is the issue of profits: “So far we have made profits only on a minority of projects, and often pay for the last project with the new project,” he said. “You can do that if you’re stable or growing, and we’re growing, but shrinking is a problem. We’re not allowed to shrink. ” There remains one potential issue of Zaha Hadid Architects without Zaha Hadid: Will the firm have the magnetic power to draw prestigious institutional and cultural clients without its charismatic leader? “For a long time, we’ve had a very distributed leadership and collective design process, so that won’t change,” Mr. Schumacher said. “But I’m not so well known in the project world of clients, and the question is, Will I have the credibility to attract commissions of cultural significance? For me, without Zaha, that will be the challenge. ”",0
14407,Survivor of Connecticut Plane Crash Tells of Argument in Cockpit - The New York Times,"In the moments before a Piper   Seneca   plane plunged into a street in a suburban Connecticut town, tearing through power lines and narrowly avoiding people on the ground, the two men on board had a heated exchange, law enforcement officials said on Wednesday. Only one of the men, Arian Prevalla, a flight instructor, survived the crash on Tuesday, crawling from the wreckage, badly burned and bruised, just before the aircraft burst into flames on Main Street in East Hartford. His account of what took place in those final moments has led investigators to believe that the aircraft was intentionally driven into the ground  —   although the motive remains unclear. The crash took place near the gates of one of the world’s largest manufacturers of jet engines, Pratt  Whitney, so federal agents were called to the scene as a matter of course. When Mr. Prevalla told investigators the crash was not an accident, the Federal Bureau of Investigation took over the case. A federal law enforcement official briefed on the case said that there was no evidence of international terrorism, or that the crash was politically motivated. Given the nature of the argument in the cockpit, investigators are looking into whether the instructor’s student had mental health problems and was trying to commit suicide, law enforcement officials said. The student, Fera M. Freitekh, 28, was a Jordanian national of Palestinian descent who came to the United States several years ago to pursue his lifelong dream of becoming a pilot, according to his cousin   Freitekh. A Facebook page that appears to belong to Mr. Freitekh features several videos of him flying over Niagara Falls and making landings. In one picture, he is kissing the nose of a plane. It also includes a video display of a July 4 fireworks celebration, with Bruce Springsteen’s “Born in the U. S. A. ” playing in the background. Mr. Prevalla, speaking to investigators from his hospital bed, where he was recovering on Wednesday, outlined an argument the two had had in the cockpit in the moments before the crash. The details of that confrontation are what led law enforcement officials to believe it was a suicide and not something more sinister. The plane, used for training, was equipped with two sets of controls, one for the instructor and one for the student. In his statement to investigators, Mr. Prevalla said the arguing occurred as they made a final approach to Runway 20 at   Airport. Mr. Freitekh was coming in for a landing when he told the instructor that “something’s a little off here,” a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said. Mr. Prevalla, according to the official, “says, ‘Let me take over.’ And the kid comes in for a second time for a landing, or he doesn’t let him take over. ” Mr. Prevalla was becoming increasingly anxious, and as they made a second approach, he told Mr. Freitekh, “I’m taking over,” according to the official. But apparently before the instructor could get control, Mr. Freitekh sent the plane into a   onto Main Street. Looking at the wreckage, which remained scattered on the street on Wednesday, it was hard to see how anyone was able to escape. The plane crashed around 3:30 p. m. on Tuesday, tearing through telephone wires and power lines as it barreled toward the busy street. It burst into flames only yards from a minivan with several passengers, narrowly missing the vehicle and people on the ground. Lt. Josh Litwin of the East Hartford Police Department, speaking to reporters on Wednesday, said, “The fact that there were not more casualties is pretty amazing. ” Mr. Freitekh’s cousin, who was interviewed in Jordan, said Mr. Freitekh first came to the United States three years ago to study flying. When he was not able to take his final exam for financial reasons, he returned to Jordan to make money selling video games online and working at a clothing store, according to the cousin. After six or seven months, Mr. Freitekh was able to save enough money to return to the United States and resume his pilot lessons, eventually enrolling at the American Flight Academy in Hartford. Records with the Federal Aviation Administration show he was issued a private pilot certificate on May 29, 2015, and was certified to fly a   plane. His cousin said he aspired to fly   planes. Mr. Freitekh’s mother lives in a   neighborhood in the Jordanian capital, Amman. His father, who remains married to his mother, came to the United States about a decade ago for financial reasons. His cousin said that Mr. Freitekh “was not religious at all. ” “He did not pray,” the cousin continued. “Religion was not an issue. ” Investigators said Mr. Freitekh was most recently living with several roommates in an East Hartford apartment building. A neighbor, Wanda Sanchez, said Mr. Freitekh had shared with her in casual conversation that all five residents of the apartment were studying at the flight school. “They were quiet, peaceful,” Ms. Sanchez said. “They were always home. They told us they were trying to be pilots. ”",0
14408,How the #Resistance Could Win the House for Democrats in 2018 - Breitbart,"Fans of the   “Resistance” received a subtle piece of good news on Friday. MSNBC, the furthest left of the cable news outlets, won the battle for prime time ratings on Thursday evening, and came a close second to Fox in overall viewers. (CNN was third in both categories. )[That is just one data point, but it is one more piece of evidence that the Democratic base is more active, more engaged, and more willing to sit through agitprop than Republicans.  Democrats defend some of their tactics  —   such as disrupting town hall meetings  —   by claiming that they are simply doing what the Tea Party did in  . That is hardly an accurate parallel. It would have been hard to find a Tea Partier who was paid to leave work to protest, or who attacked innocent people in a riot. But they do share one thing with the Tea Party: the “Resistance” is a political force somewhat outside the party structure, and hence more effective. Still, Democrats have a tough hill to climb. They must defend 25 Senate seats (including the two “independent” Senators) ten of which are in states that Donald Trump won. Republicans will only have to defend eight seats. In the House, Democrats need 24 seats to bring Nancy Pelosi the Speaker’s gavel. But they are still competing on a map that was drawn after the 2010 Republican sweep, which included state legislators and governor’s mansions. In 2010, Republicans were largely competing on home turf. Many of the Democrats they unseated were moderates, some of whom had been handpicked to run in 2006 by Rahm Emanuel. Unlike the Democrats’ present leadership, Emanuel understood that winning the House meant winning in conservative districts, which meant choosing more conservative Democratic candidates. But forcing them to vote for Obamacare left them vulnerable to the Tea Party. In 2018, Democrats are not very competitive outside traditionally liberal districts. Their hysteria, and profanity, is alienating the moderate voters they need to reach. The one place where Democrats may do well is in California, because it was one of the few states to draw its new,   districts in ways that benefited Democrats. (California used a supposedly   commission to draw its map, but Democrats found ways to game it.) Democrats are targeting seven out of the state’s 14 Republican representatives, in districts won by Hillary Clinton. And they have momentum: the Los Angeles Times reports that 800   activists turned out this week for a “town hall” for Rep. Mimi Walters ( ) which was held in her absence. There is no unifying theme to the “Resistance” yet, other than opposition to all things Trump. But that may be enough, unless Republicans can muster enough enthusiasm among their own base. That may prove to be a challenge. Trump voters still support him, but many are decidedly less enthusiastic about supporting Republicans in Congress who have clashed with the White House, or who seem to be too eager to make “swamp”  deals with the Democrats. Rep Darrell Issa ( ) illustrates the general dilemma: he is seen as shifting left to counter a Democratic challenge, but may lose the core conservative voters he needs in the process. They may simply stay home. Democrats are targeting 61 districts nationwide. They have not won a single special election since November, but they are moving closer. To hold the House, Republicans will need to do more than remind voters of the danger of Pelosi returning to power. They will need to pass major bills on health care and tax cuts. And they will need President Trump to be in fighting form. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
14409,Gorka: Trump Fired FBI Director to Make a Statement After Comey’s Latest Testimony,"On Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Deputy Assistant to President Trump, said the firing of FBI Director James Comey was an example of how “incredibly decisive” the president is. [“The recent testimony of the director added that last straw to the camel’s back and proved that he’s unfit to serve, and that he’s lost the confidence not only of the president but of the agents that serve under him,” Gorka said of Comey.  “Before I came into the White House, I spent many years training and educating FBI agents, so I have lots of connections with them,” he said.  “When they tell you from one of the field offices that when the director gave that infamous press conference, where for 13 minutes he built a watertight case for the prosecution of Hillary Clinton, and then in the last minute punted and said ‘no, I’ve decided not to recommend prosecution’  —   when half of the agents in that field office stood up, as I was told by a reliable source, put on their jackets and left the office for the next four days, then you know your situation is untenable. You’ve lost the institution, Raheem,” he told SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam. Kassam asked if it was wise for the Trump White House to get into a “war of words with somebody who will be testifying in front of committees, probably for the foreseeable future, who will become a face on the national media, who will write his memoirs now about his time there and his experiences with the new president. ” “As I’ve said before, I am a lowly deputy assistant. I’m not going to give Donald J. Trump advice on strategic communications,” Gorka responded. “Remember, on the day of the election the Huffington Post said Hillary Clinton has a 98 percent chance of victory. The New York Times said Hillary Clinton is going to win. I don’t think anybody has anything to teach the president about communications, what to tweet, what to say in a press conference. He’s broken the whole mold of strategic communications, and he’s done so despite the old ways of doing business. So I think he’s pretty secure in what he does, and he will weather any consequences admirably. ” Kassam asked for Gorka’s response to those who imply there is a “whiff of fascism,” as MSNBC’s Chris Matthews put it, around the Comey firing. “I think they should go and live in a real fascist state like Venezuela,” Gorka suggested. “Go live there for a few weeks and check that out. It’s an insult to people like my parents who lived under fascism, and then under communism. It’s just outrageous, absolutely outrageous. ” “This is a man who, in every speech he’s given since January the 20th, has made it patently obvious that he is a president for all Americans, whether or not you voted for him,” Gorka said of Trump. “What he’s doing with regards to national security, the economy, revitalizing our international relations  —   they’re not partisan political. They’re really about the bumper sticker that was the election campaign platform: MAGA, Make America Great Again. If you see any whiff of anything totalitarian or fascist in that, you need to look in the mirror yourself first, and look at how fascist your tendencies may be. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
14410,New York Times To ‘Rededicate’ Itself To Journalism After Election Fail,"Last Wednesday, many Americans were shocked when they woke up to the news that Donald Trump was elected president the day before. Some of that surprise was undoubtedly the result of trusting that the mainstream media was providing fair and accurate coverage of Trump and Clinton’s election prospects. As it turns out, that trust was seriously misplaced.
The Washington Post, CNN, MSNBC, and all the network news stations had repeatedly asserted that Clinton was almost certainly going to win, but it was The New York Times, the country’s paper of record, that openly declared it would not provide fair coverage to Trump.
In a now infamous piece, New York Times media reporter Jim Rutenberg explained that Donald Trump was such an “abnormal and potentially dangerous candidate” that the normal standards of journalism at the Times could not be applied.
Dean Baquet, executive editor of The New York Times, agreed with Rutenberg’s assessment, saying the Times changed its journalistic standards and ended the paper’s internal-struggle over outright attacking candidates as liars thanks to Trump. 
While it was nice to see the Times finally acknowledge it is not an objective source of information, the Times’ pro-Clinton bias made it (and the rest of the mainstream media) completely ignore the evidence around the depth of Trump’s support. Now, the paper of record looks completely out of touch and incapable of understanding the country it is the paper of record for.
In the wake of the Times’ embarrassing failure, the paper’s publisher and Baquet wrote a letter to their readers. Calling the election “erratic and unpredictable,” they admitted they blew it and said that they will “rededicate ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism.”
Rutenberg had his own mea culpa, where he recognized mainstream media journalists were out of touch with reality and that the results of the election proved “something was fundamentally broken in journalism.” 
While it is true that polling played a large role in the mainstream media failure—one disgraced pollster even ate a bug live on CNN as penance—some of the polling was not that far off. Plenty of polling firms like those working with the LA Times and International Business Times had the race within the margin of error (sometimes with Trump ahead) and even the much maligned Nate Silver gave Trump a 30% chance.
The real reason the mainstream media face-planted on the election coverage is because they were trying to have it both ways, supporting their preferred candidate through their coverage, while also claiming to have the one true understanding of the race (which, surprise, helped their preferred candidate). They are the establishment, with all its flaws and purported virtues, but are unwilling to face that truth or allow it to permeate their awareness.
Or, they were simply running a gaslighting campaign on their readers and viewers to goad them into thinking supporting Trump was hopeless, which failed because fewer and fewer people trust them. 
Either way, if the Times and the mainstream media have any hope of regaining their credibility, they have to come clean about their own agenda. Transparency, not the false promise of objectivity, is the real standard for journalism.
The post New York Times To ‘Rededicate’ Itself To Journalism After Election Fail appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
14411,Penn State President Claims MILO Creating ’Anti-Free Speech Movement’ - Breitbart,"The President of Pennsylvania State University, Eric Barron, claimed that Breitbart’s MILO is creating an “  speech movement,” adding that the university “dodged a serious bullet” when they canceled his talk. [Discussing the riots that took place at UC Berkeley in protest of MILO’s event, Barron said that Penn State had “dodged a serious bullet” in that MILO’s event was canceled. after both parties failed to reach a contractual agreement.  “He’s creating his own   speech movement wherever he goes because his message really is, tear down the university, they’re just a bunch of liberals that don’t want to listen to anybody,” Barron continued. He went on to claim that protesters are generally not students, but organized by “  anarchist groups” who follow “white supremacists speakers and the MILO’s of the world. ” One of the key objectives of MILO’s tour was the promotion of free speech on typically censorious American college campuses. This week, legislators announced a Tennessee bill to protect freedom of speech on college campuses, known as “The Milo Bill” in recognition of his contribution to promoting the First Amendment. Barron’s speech was part of the university’s ‘All In’ campaign, designed to promote diversity and inclusion on campus, suggesting ideas such as “    courses” to increase “understanding of social justice and equity in the U. S,” as well as diversity training for the university’s police force. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
14412,Report: Trump Admin Preparing to Strike North Korea if Nuclear Test Occurs - Breitbart,"An NBC News report citing “military sources” claims Donald Trump and senior military officials are prepared to launch a preemptive conventional strike against North Korea if the country carries out another nuclear weapons test. [Military sources told NBC News that the U. S. has positioned two Tomahawk missiles in the Korean peninsula approximately 300 miles from where North Korea will carry out its next nuclear test.  The preparations come amid rising tensions in the region, with North Korea this week promising a “big event” as the country prepares to celebrate the “Day of the Sun,” the birthday of communist dictator and “eternal leader” Kim  . Analysts believe that the country is “primed and ready” to carry out a nuclear test based on satellite images but that they would not be capable of enacting a   nuclear attack. Nevertheless, the country’s state broadcasters declared the country “would hit the U. S. first” with nuclear weapons at any sign of aggression or provocation. Speaking on Wednesday, Donald Trump remained secretive about his plans to handle North Korea, although he declared he was sending “an armada” into the region. Trump has repeatedly argued that China is failing to meet its responsibilities in neutralizing the North Korean threat. He does not appear to consider Chinese cooperation indispensable, however, adding that America would “solve the problem without them. ” North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U. S. A.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 11, 2017,  On Tuesday, China turned back   North Korean cargo ships and deployed 150, 000 troops to the North Korean border in a bid to control tensions. Reports from South Korean media also claimed that Seal Team 6, the Navy Seal squad who assassinated Osama   were simulating drills in which they would take out the North Korean leader Kim  . Although the Pentagon would not confirm the reports, they said that “ground, air, naval and special operations” are carrying out “several joint and combined field training operations” with up to 17, 000 troops. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com.",0
14413,This is Why Your Vote for President in the U.S. Doesn’t Count,". This is Why Your Vote for President in the U.S. Doesn’t Count Do you think your vote for president in the United States counts? Think again… Ultimately, the Ele... Do you think your vote for president in the United States counts? Think again… Ultimately, the Electoral College votes determine who becomes president, not the majority or popular vote. So, what is the Electoral College? The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President. (1) The popular vote, on the other hand, is to appease the masses in thinking that they actually have a say in who gets elected. The above image is from NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, TN who apparently already have the results from the election that hasn’t occurred yet. (2) So, how is this possible? In 2012, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) legalized the use of PROPAGANDA on the American public. (3) This includes ANYTHING the mainstream media “reports” including the election results before they happened. This is reminiscent of the BBC announcing that World Trade Center building 7 collapsed before it actually collapsed on 9/11. (4) Related: British Man Won Law Suit Against BBC for 9/11 Cover Up As reported by Top Right News and other outlets, during a recent interview with Bloomberg News, Soros – a Democrat mega-donor – openly admitted that Trump will win the popular vote in a “landslide.” However, he said that none of that would matter, because a president Hillary Clinton is already a “done deal .” In the interview, which is now going viral, Soros says with certainty that Trump will take the popular vote , despite what the polls say now (which are completely rigged to oversample Democrats), but not the Electoral College, which will go to Clinton . When the reporter asks if that is already a “done deal”– that Clinton will be our next president no matter what – Soros says “yes,” and nods his head. (5) George Soros is most likely one of the main cogs in the shadow government . Look no further than all of the money his “Open Society Institute” donated to “ Black Lives Matter ” (6). His main agenda is to keep America living in the premise of “Divide and Conquer”. As long as America is divided, we cannot come together under a united cause. A George Soros company, Smartmatic, has provided voting machine technology in 16 states including battleground zones like Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania and Virginia. You can read more about George Soros and his dark allegiance here . Other jurisdictions affected are California, District of Columbia, Illinois, Louisiana, Missouri, New Jersey, Oregon, Washington and Wisconsin. Its website includes a flow-chart that describes how the company has contributed to elections in the U.S. from 2006-2015 with “57,000 voting and counting machines deployed” and “35 million voters assisted.” After this report’s publication, Smartmatic updated its website to remove the flow chart and declare that “Smartmatic will not be deploying its technology in any U.S. county for the upcoming 2016 U.S. Presidential elections.” (7) I’m not buying it. Are you? My “vote” is for a council of elders to replace ALL governments and politicians . The current system is corrupt, broken, and outdated. It's time to evolve! (8) Source & References:",0
14414,Italian banks struggling to stay afloat,"Italian banks struggling to stay afloat Thu Oct 27, 2016 10:41PM This file photo taken on January 19, 2016 shows People walking past an office of the Italian bank ""Banca Popolare di Milano"" in Milan. © AFP 
Max CiviliPress TV, Rome 
Italy’s banking system is plagued by an enormous surfeit of non-performing loans. As a result, banks are trying to survive by cutting several thousands of jobs across the country. Our correspondent Max Civili has investigated the reasons behind the crisis in Italy's banking system. Loading ...",0
14415,Rigged Election: HILLARY & TRUMP Caught Partying With Kissinger In Jesuit Gala,"by Colaborama 
We have been very, very suspicious of Donald Trump since he began his political run. 
Many believed he was an outsider who was our “only hope” to tame the US federal government beast. But it has become very clear he is not. 
First, Wikileaks showed that Killary herself actually approved Trump to be her competitor. According to an email sent from an assistant at the Clinton campaign, Hillary was aware that Trump was going to run before the political process was fully underway. 
Clinton advised the mainstream media to push his legitimacy as a “pied piper” candidate because she realized, after looking at the poll numbers, that she wouldn’t stand a chance at winning the presidency against any of the establishment republicans without making them “pied pipers” – it just so happened that Donald was the easiest to play the role considering his long history of friendship with the Clintons. 
In addition, the mainstream media was more than complicit in creating a narrative that the 2016 presidential elections were about Hillary Clinton vs Donald Trump from the get go. 
But, barely reported in the media, was that after the 3rd presidential debate, Clinton and Trump went out for a night on the town together… and where they went is of great interest. 
They went to an annual Jesuit function which is usually full of New World Order types. 
THE JESUITS 
One of the more interesting things that occurred right at the end of the Jubilee year in early October, was that the Jesuits installed a new Superior General, with the date to commence being actually at midnight on the end of Jubilee. 
We found this interesting because there is plenty of evidence that the Jesuits are at least one major arm of what you can call the illuminati. 
In fact, the Jesuits were founded in Spain by what various reports call “crypto Jews” – those who are Jewish but pretending to be Catholic. Certainly at that time in Spain it was safer not to be a Jew. 
Even Wikipedia, which wouldn’t recognize a conspiracy if it were directly presented by its participants has this to say about the Jesuits: 
… In the first 30 years of the existence of the Society of Jesus there were many Jesuit conversos (Catholic-convert Jews) including the second Father General Diego Lainez … The original founder Ignatius … said that he, “would take it as a special grace from our Lord to come from Jewish lineage.” 
At the beginning of the Al Smith dinner party after Cardinal Dolan was introduced, a joke was even made by a speaker that “everyone in attendance is doing their part in supporting their charitable efforts and that it couldn’t be done without the support of many of the other devoted “Catholics” on stage like Henry Kissinger, Howard Rubenstein, and Mort Zuckerman” – all of whom are obviously Jewish so this remark was naturally met with a lot of laughter… 
In fact, an extraordinary amount of controversy swirls around Jesuits. They are said to constitute the “Black Church” and thus adhere to the same Satanic religion as the world’s elite bankers supposedly hold. 
The leader of the Jesuit order is commonly recognized in conspiratorial circles as the “Black Pope” whose signature staff is a crooked cross. Historically, the Jesuit Order has been seen as one that shirks no crime in expanding the power of the Church. 
Lest this sound entirely outrageous, one must note that the Jesuits are, for instance, the inventors of concentration camps, which they established in Paraguay in order to incarcerate and then torture the native indians of the area. 
But the litany of attributed Jesuit evil is even darker than that according to those who believe in the order’s continued malicious pursuit. The supposed founder of the Bavarian-based Illuminati, Adam Weishaupt, was a Jesuit. 
In fact, the order is reputed to have been deeply involved in the Illuminati’s initial expansion, and chances are it is still deeply involved. 
One more thing that highlights the evil of the Jesuits is their extreme oath of induction which all superiors must take in order to be elevated to the higher rungs of the organization. This is taken from the book Subterranean Rome by Carlos Didier, translated from the French, and published in New York in 1843 and reads in part, 
“…promise and declare that I will, when opportunity present, make and wage relentless war, secretly or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Liberals, as I am directed to do, to extirpate and exterminate them from the face of the whole earth; and that I will spare neither age, sex or condition; and that I will hang, waste, boil, flay, strangle and bury alive these infamous heretics, rip up the stomachs and wombs of their women and crush their infants’ heads against the walls, in order to annihilate forever their execrable race. That when the same cannot be done openly, I will secretly use the poisoned cup, the strangulating cord, the steel of the poniard or the leaden bullet, regardless of the honor, rank, dignity, or authority of the person or persons, whatever may be their condition in life, either public or private, as I at any time may be directed so to do by any agent of the Pope or Superior of the Brotherhood of the Holy Faith, of the Society of Jesus…” 
One of the most poignant quotes regarding the malevolence of the Jesuits comes from Marquis de LaFayette 1757-1834; who was a French statesman and general who served in the American Continental Army under the command of General George Washington during the American Revolutionary War. 
His quote is as follows: 
“It is my opinion that if the liberties of this country – the United States of America – are destroyed, it will be by the subtlety of the Roman Catholic Jesuit priests, for they are the most crafty, dangerous enemies to civil and religious liberty. They have instigated MOST of the wars of Europe.” 
THE BIG BASH 
When evaluating Jesuit behavior and influence, please keep in mind that both Donald Trump and Hillary’s VP, Tim Kaine, are Jesuit educated. And it should be of GREAT interest, therefore, that practically on the eve of the US election, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton partied the night away at a Jesuit function that included such prominent Jesuit-trained attendees as Henry Kissinger. 
Not only did the two not look like sworn enemies… they looked like two star crossed lovers going to their first prom. 
We have long held to our stance that Killary will be the next President of the US. The amount of vote rigging, murders and shenanigans to even get her to where she is so far has been tremendous… and it won’t stop. 
That said, if by some fluke, and the Diebold machines malfunction or people in the US wake up slightly and Donald Trump gets elected… it is pretty clear they are on the same team and, as we’ve said previously, nothing major will change. 
So, if you were hoping that this election could change things in the US… get over that hope right now. It might change things, but only for the much, much worse. 
This charade is being played right in front of everyone’s eyes and most do not understand what is happening or why jokes like the “Catholic” joke is actually funny to these elite people. 
They are laughing at the peasants stupidity and lack of understanding, not because the men mentioned are Jews… anyone with half a brain knows that. 
But while they laugh, we’ll be laughing all the way to the bank ourselves. Just because these sick people are formulating diabolical plans to enslave humanity doesn’t mean we can’t profit from their planned chaos. It’s better than sitting back in ignorance and making nothing. 
Our analysis of these elite’s occult timelines which began with the Shemitah and culminated with the Jubilee, have helped us to accumulate around a 200% collective return on our portfolio in the last year. 
Subscribe to The Dollar Vigilante newsletter HERE to continue to receive the best insights into the inner workings of groups like the Jesuits and other arms and actions of the world’s financial elite and how to protect yourself and profit from it. 
The groundwork for global governance has been laid, don’t let them blindside you as they attempt to carry out their nefarious plot. Donald Trump even stated at the dinner, “We’ve got to come together, not only as a nation, but as a world community.” 
Promotion of the globalist new world order. 
They want to keep you ignorant and powerless because after all, knowledge is power. 
Educate yourself by joining the worldwide group of dollar vigilantes who can help you expatriate and offer advice on how to protect yourself by purchasing precious metals, bitcoin and other hard assets here. Above image – the chief staff of EU paying homage to their emperor, the Jesuit pope. 
Here are some earlier related articles with information about the Jesuits from PFC 
Partial Disclosure Is NOT an Option",0
14416,Protests Erupt in Charlotte After Police Kill a Black Man - The New York Times,"About 16 police officers in Charlotte, N. C. were injured when a standoff between law enforcement and demonstrators turned ugly overnight after an officer fatally shot a black man on Tuesday afternoon. Protesters clashed with police officers in riot gear and blocked a stretch of Interstate 85. Video from local television early Wednesday showed some demonstrators looting trucks that had been stopped on the highway and setting fire to the cargo. Police Chief Kerr Putney said during a news conference on Wednesday morning that the officers had sustained minor injuries and that one person had been arrested during the protests, which began in the University City neighborhood in northeast Charlotte, near the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.   reported that looters later moved off the highway and tried to break into a Walmart before officers arrived in force to keep them out, and at least one family driving on Interstate 85 reported that their windshield had been shattered by demonstrators throwing rocks. Mayor Jennifer Roberts urged calm in a series of Twitter messages and promised a thorough investigation into the shooting death of Keith L. Scott, 43. “The community deserves answers and full investigation will ensue,” Ms. Roberts said. “Will be reaching out to community leaders to work together. ” The shooting occurred just before 4 p. m. on Tuesday as officers were trying to serve an arrest warrant for another person in an apartment complex. Police officials said the officer opened fire because Mr. Scott, who they said was armed with a gun, “posed an imminent deadly threat. ” Although their accounts sometimes diverged, members of Mr. Scott’s family generally told local news outlets that he had not had a weapon. Instead, they said, he had been clutching a book while waiting to pick up a child after school. The shooting revived scrutiny of a police department that drew national attention about three years ago when a white officer was quickly charged with voluntary manslaughter after he killed Jonathan Ferrell, an unarmed black man. The shooting in Charlotte this week was the latest in a string of deaths of black people at the hands of the police that have stoked outrage around the country. It came just a few days after a white police officer in Tulsa, Okla. fatally shot Terence Crutcher, an unarmed black man, who could be seen on video raising his hands above his head. The encounters, many of them at least partly caught on video, have led to intense debate about race relations and law enforcement. In Charlotte, dozens of chanting demonstrators, some of them holding signs, began gathering near the site of the shooting on Tuesday evening. Around 10 p. m. the Police Department said on Twitter that it had sent its civil emergency unit to the scene “to safely remove our officers. ” “Demonstrators surrounded our officers who were attempting to leave scene,” the department said. It identified the officer who fired his weapon as Brentley Vinson, an employee since July 2014. Officer Vinson is black, according to local reports. According to the department, officers saw Mr. Scott leave a vehicle with a weapon soon after they arrived at the apartment complex. “Officers observed the subject get back into the vehicle, at which time they began to approach the subject,” the department said in its first statement about the shooting. “The subject got back out of the vehicle armed with a firearm and posed an imminent deadly threat to the officers, who subsequently fired their weapon, striking the subject. ” A police spokesman did not respond to an   inquiry about whether a dashboard or body camera had recorded the shooting. Chief Putney had acknowledged that Mr. Scott had not been the subject of the outstanding warrant. On Facebook, a woman who identified herself as Mr. Scott’s daughter said that the police had fired without provocation. “The police just shot my daddy four times for being black,” the woman said moments into a Facebook Live broadcast that lasted about an hour. Later in the broadcast, she learned that her father had died and speculated that the police were planting evidence. (The police said that investigators had recovered a weapon.) In September 2013, officials charged a Charlotte police officer with voluntary manslaughter after he fired a dozen rounds at an unarmed black man, killing him. The criminal case against the officer, Randall Kerrick, ended in a mistrial, and the authorities did not seek to try him again. The department, which said on Tuesday that Officer Vinson had been placed on administrative leave, said it was conducting “an active and ongoing investigation” into the killing of Mr. Scott.",0
14417,Humana to Drop Out of Obamacare Exchanges in 2018 - Breitbart,"The health insurance giant Humana will exit the Obamacare exchanges in 2018. [Humana believes the Obamacare exchanges have too few healthy patients to balance out a significant number of sick and costly patients. The health insurer lowered its Obamacare participation previously, reducing the number of states in 2016 from 19 to 11.  Donald Trump tweeted about Humana’s exit saying: Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace  save healthcare for ALL Americans. https:  .   —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017,  Humana’s coverage dropped significantly among Obamacare exchanges in early 2017. Only 152, 000 customers purchased health care in January 2017, down from 404, 000 in December. In December Humana announced that they would be writing off $583 million as a result of its failed exchange insurance program. Humana said in its announcement, “All of these actions were taken with the expectation that the company’s Individual Commercial business would stabilize to the point where the company could continue to participate in the program. However, based on its initial analysis of data associated with the company’s healthcare exchange membership following the 2017 open enrollment period, Humana is seeing further signs of an unbalanced risk pool. ” Humana’s loss primarily results from the Obamacare exchanges’ lopsided ratio of mostly sick patients to healthy ones. The Obamacare exchanges need a larger amount of healthy customers to keep the exchanges profitable. Humana plans to serve Obamacare customers until the end of 2017.",0
14418,"Tilikum, the Killer Whale Featured in ‘Blackfish,’ Dies - The New York Times","Tilikum, the captive orca who killed a trainer at SeaWorld in Orlando, Fla. in 2010 and later became the subject of the documentary “Blackfish,”  died on Friday. The whale had been suffering from a persistent infection from a bacteria found in wild habitats and natural settings, but the exact cause of death will be determined by a necropsy, SeaWorld Parks  Entertainment said in a statement. The orca, a male estimated to be about 36 years old, had been kept by the organization for 25 years. “While today is a difficult day for the SeaWorld family, it’s important to remember that Tilikum lived a long and enriching life while at SeaWorld and inspired millions of people to care about this amazing species,” the statement said. “Tilikum had, and will continue to have, a special place in the hearts of the SeaWorld family, as well as the millions of people all over the world that he inspired,” said the president of SeaWorld, Joel Manby. Tilikum’s caretakers had said in March that the whale was afflicted with the infection that was likely to lead to his death. The whale was at the center of an orca breeding program that SeaWorld ended last year. The company also ended its killer whale performances in San Diego, where state lawmakers had brought intense pressure on the company after the documentary’s release. With the death of Tilikum, SeaWorld now holds 22 orcas at its three facilities in Orlando, San Antonio and San Diego. SeaWorld also noted that Tilikum was “inextricably connected” with the death of his trainer, Dawn Brancheau, in 2010. “While we all experienced profound sadness about that loss, we continued to offer Tilikum the best care possible, each and every day, from the country’s leading experts in marine mammals,” the SeaWorld statement said. Tilikum bit down on the ponytail of Ms. Brancheau, his    trainer, before dragging her underwater and killing her. After her death, SeaWorld conducted an extensive review that resulted in trainers further isolating themselves from the animals for safety. In 2013, the documentary “Blackfish” examined Ms. Brancheau’s death by looking at the mental state of whales that are taken from their pods in the wild and raised at marine parks. But SeaWorld pushed back against the film’s claims that the whales in captivity suffer physical and mental distress because of confinement. Tilikum has also been connected with the deaths of two other people: Keltie Byrne, a    student and   trainer who slipped into a pool containing Tilikum and two other orcas in 1991, and Daniel P. Dukes, a    man who slipped into SeaWorld after hours in 1999. Mr. Dukes was found dead, draped over Tilikum’s back. Tilikum came to SeaWorld in 1991 from Sealand of the Pacific in Canada, and the organization said it had not collected a whale from the wild in nearly 40 years.",0
14419,Multi-Billionaire Hugo Salinas Price – ‘I Have Serious Doubts About The Survival Of Our Civilization’,"8 Views November 08, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the world awaits the outcome of the election in the United States, some time ago multi-billionaire Hugo Salinas Price told King World News in stunning fashion what he believes to be the frightening plan to control the world going forward. He described the people planning this as “barbarians,” and said, “this is not going to end well.” He also issued this ominous warning, “I have very serious doubts about the survival of our civilization under such people.” Below is what the multi-billionaire had to say in this incredibly powerful interview. 
These People Are “Barbarians” Hugo Salinas Price: “With regards to the social question in the world, in 1929 a Spanish thinker by the name of Ortega y Gasset wrote a book that really shook up the world titled, ‘The Revolt of the Masses.’ He was talking about the appearance on the world stage of new individuals. 
He was writing about the growth of the population and the appearance of new individuals coming in to the mass of humanity. And these individuals evidently are (what he described as) ‘barbarians.’…. “They came too suddenly to be educated, and for the knowledge of how to keep the Western way of life alive. These (barbarian) people have increased (in numbers), and now they have taken over power (in the world).” 
We Are Now In The Hands Of These Barbarians So now we are in the hands of ‘barbarians.’ They have no idea of how our society came to be, and what is necessary to keep it going. They are fiddling with the controls: You might think of a monkey flying a 747 (airplane) — they don’t have any idea what they are doing. And this is not going to end well with the barbarians at the controls… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Hugo Salinas Price continues: “ We don’t have people who write books in power any more. I remember when a Prime Minister of England was a skilled musician and wrote books before he became Prime Minister. Where do we have such people in power today? We don’t have scholars or people with a true background of education, history, economics and politics. 
“I Have Serious Doubts About The Survival Of Our Civilization” They are all working on the spur of the moment. They are experimenting to see if this works and that works. And I have very serious doubts about the survival of our civilization under such people. I expect that a great crisis is coming. We are going to see a great separation and some people are just not going to make it, and the old truths are going to come back into fashion because of the need for survival.” 
Hugo Salinas Price also added: “I think we are going to see a series of bankruptcies. I think the (eventual) rise in interest rates is the fatal sign which is going to ignite a derivatives crisis. This is going to bring down the derivatives system (and the financial system). 
“It’s Not Going To Be A Very Pleasant World” There are (over) one quadrillion dollars of derivatives and most of them are related to interest rates. The spiking of interest rates in the United States may set that off. What is going to happen in the world is eventually we are going to come to a moment where there is going to be massive bankruptcies around the globe. 
What is going to be left after the dust settles is gold, and some people are going to have it and some people are not. Then the problem is going to be to hold on to what you’ve got because it’s not going to be a very pleasant world.” 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: The Greatest Wealth Transfer In History Nears As ‘Deep State’ Now Pulling Out All The Stops CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
14420,Platinum Hedge Fund Executives Charged With $1 Billion Fraud - The New York Times,"For years, the   New York hedge fund Platinum Partners stood out for   investment returns that rivaled some of the biggest names in the industry. It turned out that those returns were too good to be true, according to federal prosecutors. Federal agents on Monday arrested Mark Nordlicht, a founder and the chief investment officer of Platinum, and six others on charges related to a $1 billion fraud that led the firm to be operated “like a Ponzi scheme,” prosecutors said. It is one of the largest such fraud cases since Bernard L. Madoff’s investment firm unraveled in 2008. David Levy, the firm’s   investment officer, was also among those arrested in the morning by agents in Texas, Manhattan and New Rochelle, a suburb of New York City. The men were charged with securities fraud and investment adviser fraud, according to an unsealed indictment filed in Federal District Court in Brooklyn. The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a parallel civil case. Platinum tapped prominent families and foundations within the Orthodox Jewish community in New York to fuel   bets on payday lenders, oil companies and even the terminally ill. But prosecutors said these investments and the firm’s performance were misrepresented by its executives. Ultimately, Platinum took in new money in order to pay longtime investors who wanted their money back, something the firm’s executives called among themselves “Hail Mary time. ” “As investors sought redemptions, the defendants engaged in numerous improper measures in an attempt to meet redemption requests, including taking out   rate loans, commingling monies among funds and raising money from new investors through fraudulent misrepresentations,” said Andrew J. Ceresney, the director of the S. E. C. ’s enforcement division. Located a few blocks from Central Park, Platinum, founded in 2003, made a splash early on with some of its investments. In one bet, the firm sought to profit from the death of terminally ill patients by investing in variable insurance payouts. As part of the scheme, a rabbi in Los Angeles sought out hospice patients to get their personal details that could be used to buy insurance payouts in their names. A company that Platinum set up to make the investments was fined by the S. E. C. in January 2015. “We definitely were exploiting a loophole, but it was fully vetted by legal counsel,” Mr. Nordlicht said in an interview with Bloomberg later that year. In other bets, Platinum misled both investors and auditors  —   sometimes brazenly. In December 2012, for example, executives misrepresented to auditors the value of Black Elk Energy, an oil and gas company controlled by Platinum, valuing it at $283 million, prosecutors said. In fact, there had been an explosion on a Black Elk platform in the Gulf of Mexico the month before that had caused the deaths of three workers, injuries to other employees and an oil spill. Black Elk no longer exists. Jeffrey Shulse, who worked at Black Elk and is named in the government’s indictment, denied the charges. “Mr. Shulse’s indictment is a clear case of overreaching,” said F. Andino Reynal, Mr. Shulse’s lawyer, adding that his client was “confident that once a jury has had a chance to hear all the facts, it will exonerate him of any wrongdoing. ” Lawyers for the defendants Mr. Nordlicht, Daniel Small, Uri Landesman, Joseph Mann and Joseph San Filippo did not respond to a request for comment. Michael Sommer, a lawyer for Mr. Levy, said he looked forward to “clearing David Levy’s good name. ” As recently as March, Platinum had $1. 7 billion of investor money, as of a March regulatory filing. For years it reported a strong performance  —   with annual average returns of 17 percent. As recent as last year, Platinum said it made gains of 8 percent, a strong performance in a year when the average hedge fund lost 0. 85 percent, according to the Hedge Fund Research Composite Index, a gauge of industry performance. Platinum began to have trouble extracting investor money when some of its obscure investments started to sour, according to prosecutors. From 2013 to 2016, the firm could not stanch the losses in certain funds and the investor requests to withdraw money, so it began to move money between funds in what Mr. Nordlicht called a “big stew,” the indictment said. Things seemed to reach a crisis point in June 2014, prosecutors said. “It can’t go on like this or practically we will need to wind down. ...this is code red,” Mr. Nordlicht wrote to Mr. Landesman, a managing director at Platinum, at the time. Yet investors remained in the dark about the firm’s precarious liquidity position. A month later, when an investor emailed to ask about the reliability of Platinum’s reported performance figures, Mr. Landesman replied, “The numbers are all kosher, they have had verbal input every month. ” Investors grew restless. By March 2015, the total amount they requested to withdraw from the firm exceeded $83 million. Eventually, executives decided to pay some ahead of others, prosecutors said. “Platinum Partners purported to be a   in the hedge fund industry,” said Robert L. Capers, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York. “In reality, their returns were the result of the overvaluation of their largest assets. ” This inflation led to Mr. Nordlicht and others “operating Platinum like a Ponzi scheme, where they used loans and new investor funds to pay off existing investors,” Mr. Capers added. The arrests on Monday were part of an investigation among several government agencies, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United States Postal Inspection Service. In June, Murray Huberfeld, a former Platinum executive, was arrested. He has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy and wire fraud. Soon after Mr. Huberfeld’s arrest, agents from the F. B. I. and the Postal Inspection Service raided Platinum’s New York offices. Faced with mounting pressure from federal investigators, as well as an investigation by the S. E. C. Platinum liquidated its main hedge fund. For some at Platinum, there was already a sense late last year that government investigators were closing in on the firm. In an email exchange, Mr. Nordlicht, Mr. Landesman and an unnamed principal partner in Platinum discussed fleeing to Israel, according to prosecutors. “Don’t forget the books,” the unnamed partner wrote. “Assume we are not coming back to ny. ”",0
14421,Re-Branding Libertarianism: The Silver Lining of the 2016 Election,"Written by Daniel McAdams   Is there a silver lining in the recent presidential election for those who value liberty, peace, and prosperity? The answer is a surprising ""yes"" - but only if we play our cards right. Mises Institute president Jeff Deist joins the Liberty Report to discuss the pros and cons of the current political landscape: Copyright © 2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.",0
14422,No Pain No Gain? Lockheed Struggles to Finalize Deal With Pentagon on F-35 Lots,"Get short URL 0 8 0 0 US defense contractor Lockheed Martin has not yet settled with the F-35 Joint Program Office on three main contractual points regarding two low-rate initial production (LRIP) lots for the F-35 jet, and has been lagging on the schedule for roughly a year. 
The deal on the F-35 program’s LRIP 9 and 10, originally intended to be inked in November 2015, is still in negotiations, Defense News reported. The More You Spend the More You Save?! US Lawmakers Fight to Increase F-35 Budget Lockheed’s chief financial officer, Bruce Tanner, explained during a Tuesday earnings conference call that the sides are yet to agree on the cost of fulfilling the contract obligations, terms, and conditions regarding jet construction, and the amount of money to be paid to the manufacturer.
“I'd say we haven't really reached closure on any of those three [points],” Tanner was quoted by Defense News as saying. 
Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson stated that the delay is normal, as the contract is “very large” and that there is “a lot of work that has to happen.” 
During the negotiation process, Lockheed spent some $900 million of its own capital to keep the beleaguered project afloat. However, the Defense Department reimbursed the aircraft manufacturer’s expenses in a $1 billion transaction in August. Earlier this month, an additional $743 million was allocated for LRIP 9. 
Still, Lockheed says it lacks funding to maintain the pace of production process for both LRIPs. “Despite not yet receiving funding sufficient to cover its costs, the corporation continued work in an effort to meet the customer’s desired aircraft delivery dates,” the Lockheed's news release stated. “Currently, the corporation has approximately $950 million of potential cash exposure and $2.3 billion in termination liability exposure related to the F-35 LRIP 9 and 10 contracts.” © Flickr/ Times Asi Can’t Fix the F-35? US Navy, Air Force Look Towards 6th Generation Fighter Instead Meanwhile, Northrop Grumman, a principal member of the F-35 production team, stated on Tuesday that they had settled with Lockheed on the pricing of LRIP 9 and 10, Flight Global reported.
“We have completed our negotiations on lots 9 and 10 with Lockheed, which is typical for a prime contractor to want to lock down its supply chain as it finishes off negotiations with a customer,” Northrop chief executive Wes Bush said Tuesday. 
The LRIP 9 and 10 effort, costing some $14 billion, suggests the production of about 150 of the jets. The troubled contract is now expected to be finalized December 2016, according to F-35 Joint Program Executive Officer Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan. ...",0
14423,"Fake Cigarettes are Being Sold and Killing People, Here’s how to Spot Counterfeit Packs","We’ve all heard of knockoff designer handbags and fake sunglasses, but now some people in Detroit are coming to the realization that they may be purchasing fake brand-name cigarettes.

Scammers have recently been targeting those who have the already expensive habit by placing cheap cigarettes in name-brand cartridges, and gas stations are selling them at a discounted price.


“The taste was different and stale!” said one woman who believes the pack of Newports she bought from a gas station on Detroit’s west side is fake. The woman said the fake cartridges don’t have ridges, but the real ones do.

China is said to be flooding the world markets with cheap cigarettes packaged to look like the actual product consumers want to buy. But these cigarettes, experts say, can be far more harmful for your health. 

Michigan State Police said they have a team that inspects tobacco sales, and they do come across counterfeits from time to time.

The key, they say, is to look for the tax stamp on the back of the box.

TMZ Breaking 
SOURCE ",0
14424,Review: ‘Star Trek Beyond’ Sticks to Its Brand. That’s Not Necessarily Bad. - The New York Times,"Musing in his Captain’s Log as his birthday approaches, James Tiberius Kirk, his eyes as blue as the lens flare that accompanies the first shot of the Starship Enterprise, finds himself in a funk. “Things are starting to feel a little   …     episodic,” he confesses, in what even a sympathetic viewer might interpret as a   a confession of franchise fatigue. Chris Pine, who has played Kirk since the   reboot in 2009, is on his third voyage. This character, originated by William Shatner, has endured a lot more. The larger “Star Trek” enterprise has been boldly going on for a   and more hours of television and cinema than I possess the Googling acumen to tally. So you can understand why James T. a good soldier and also a bit of a loose cannon, might want to break out of the rut, and the title of the latest movie, “Star Trek Beyond,” teases the audience with the promise of novelty and risk. It’s not necessarily a criticism to note that not much materializes. Directed by the action maven Justin Lin from a script by Simon Pegg and Doug Jung, the film answers the question “Beyond what?” with a diffident “Well, nothing, really. Don’t worry!” It should have been called “Star Trek Within” in honor of its determination to color inside the lines, obeying the ironclad conventions of brand and genre. Which is not, in itself, a bad thing. Not every wheel needs reinventing, and one of the abiding pleasures of “Star Trek,” in its old and newer iterations, lies in its balance of stubborn consistency and canny inventiveness. The characters never change, but the stakes can shift wildly from one adventure to the next. Fans love “Star Trek” precisely because of its episodic nature, which allows for a certain amount of variation in theme and tone. Sometimes the future of the universe hangs in the balance. Sometimes Kirk and his crew have to deal with local disputes and personnel issues. Or weird random stuff, like tribbles or Joan   time travel. Unfortunately,     action movies are made according to a more rigid template, and “Beyond” follows its immediate predecessors, “Star Trek” and “Into Darkness” (both directed by J. J. Abrams) in sacrificing some of the old spirit to blockbuster imperatives. The Hollywood rule book stipulates that the climactic sequence should involve the noisy destruction of a lot of buildings and an extended    fight between the good guy and the main villain. The villain should be motivated by the usual villainous grudge. Millions of lives should be in danger, and the actual casualties should be numerous and filmed bloodlessly enough to preserve the   rating. Up until the tedious and bombastic finish, though, you can have a pretty good time. In his work on the “Fast and Furious” movies, Mr. Lin has shown a playful willingness to extend  —   and, if necessary, suspend  —   the laws of physics, and his visual brashness can be a refreshing antidote to Mr. Abrams’s fussy tries to combine digital spectacle with   cinematic discipline. Most important, the gang’s all here, and Mr. Lin proves once again to be an adept ensemble wrangler. Kirk grins and grimaces his way through yet another existential career crisis (and also does some motorcycle stunt driving). Spock (Zachary Quinto) and Uhura (Zoe Saldana) experience some love trouble. Spock and Bones (Karl Urban) take their   vaudeville double act on the road once again. Sulu (John Cho) Chekov (Anton Yelchin) and Scotty (Mr. Pegg) provide technical support and comic relief, as necessary. Mr. Yelchin’s sweet, mischievous performance seems especially poignant after his death in an accident this year. The film is dedicated to his memory and to the memory of Leonard Nimoy, the original Mr. Spock, who died in 2015. On the surface of a distant planet, the crew encounters a new nemesis and a new ally. The big baddie is a murderous warlord named Krall (Idris Elba, masked). The scrappy sidekick is a stranded fighter named Jaylah (Sofia Boutella, in   makeup). Things go more or less as you expect, with enough surprises and “reveals” to make you mad at me if I say too much more. The crew hops into, and out of, danger. Machinery fails and is repaired in the nick of time. Highly complicated imaginary science is explained with breathless urgency. Sometimes, I have to say, the scientific breakthroughs feel a little too convenient. Jaylah has some kind of technology that makes giant spaceships invisible, and another kind that shoots   resin (or something). And there is some business at the end on an enormous space station that I did not buy for a minute. The nerd in me wants a bit more rigor, a bit more plausibility underneath the exuberant fakery. Maybe in the next episode. “Star Trek Beyond” is rated   (Parents strongly cautioned). Nothing out of the ordinary. Running time: 2 hours.",0
14425,A Quiet Giant of Investing Weighs In on Trump - The New York Times,"He is the most successful and influential investor you have probably never heard of. His writings are so coveted and followed by Wall Street that a used copy of a book he wrote several decades ago about investing starts at $795 on Amazon, and a new copy sells for as much as $3, 500. Perhaps that’s why a private letter he wrote to his investors a little over two weeks ago about investing during the age of President Trump  —   and offering his thoughts on the current state of the hedge fund industry  —   has quietly become the most   reading material on Wall Street. He is Seth A. Klarman, the    value investor who runs Baupost Group, which manages some $30 billion. While Mr. Klarman has long kept a low public profile, he is considered a giant within investment circles. He is often compared to Warren Buffett, and The Economist magazine once described him as “The Oracle of Boston,” where Baupost is based. For good measure, he is one of the very few hedge managers Mr. Buffett has publicly praised. In his letter, Mr. Klarman sets forth a countervailing view to the euphoria that has buoyed the stock market since Mr. Trump took office, describing “perilously high valuations. ” “Exuberant investors have focused on the potential benefits of stimulative tax cuts, while mostly ignoring the risks from   protectionism and the erection of new trade barriers,” he wrote. “President Trump may be able to temporarily hold off the sweep of automation and globalization by cajoling companies to keep jobs at home, but bolstering inefficient and uncompetitive enterprises is likely to only temporarily stave off market forces,” he continued. “While they might be popular, the reason the U. S. long ago abandoned protectionist trade policies is because they not only don’t work, they actually leave society worse off. ” In particular, Mr. Klarman appears to believe that investors have become hypnotized by all the talk of   policies, without considering the full ramifications. He worries, for example, that Mr. Trump’s stimulus efforts “could prove quite inflationary, which would likely shock investors. ” And he appears deeply concerned about a swelling national debt that he suggests could undermine the economy’s growth over the long term. “The Trump tax cuts could drive government deficits considerably higher,” Mr. Klarman wrote. “The large 2001 Bush tax cuts, for example, fueled income inequality while triggering huge federal budget deficits. Rising interest rates alone would balloon the federal deficit, because interest payments on the massive outstanding government debt would skyrocket from today’s artificially low levels. ” Much of Mr. Klarman’s anxiety seems to emanate from Mr. Trump’s leadership style. He described it this way: “The erratic tendencies and overconfidence in his own wisdom and judgment that Donald Trump has demonstrated to date are inconsistent with strong leadership and sound  . ” He also linked this point  —   which is a fair one  —   to what “Trump style” means for Mr. Klarman’s constituency and others. “The big picture for investors is this: Trump is high volatility, and investors generally abhor volatility and shun uncertainty,” he wrote. “Not only is Trump shockingly unpredictable, he’s apparently deliberately so he says it’s part of his plan. ” While Mr. Klarman clearly is hoping for the best, he warned, “If things go wrong, we could find ourselves at the beginning of a lengthy decline in dollar hegemony, a rapid rise in interest rates and inflation, and global angst. ” Mr. Klarman is a registered independent and has given money to politicians from both parties. He has donated to Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, Marco Rubio, John McCain and Rudolph W. Giuliani as well as Hillary Clinton, Cory Booker and Mark Warner. While he has remained largely outside the public eye, Mr. Klarman surprised some of his friends and peers over the summer when he issued a statement after Mr. Trump criticized a judge over his Mexican heritage, saying he planned to support Mrs. Clinton: “His words and actions over the last several days are so shockingly unacceptable in our diverse and democratic society that it is simply unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our president. ” In his recent letter, he explained for the first time his decision to say something publicly. “Despite my preference to stay out of the media,” he wrote, “I’ve taken the view that each of us can be bystanders, or we can be upstanders. I choose upstander. ” From the letter, it is hard to divine exactly how Mr. Klarman is investing his fund’s money. His office declined to comment on the letter, which I obtained from a source. His fund currently has more than 30 percent of its funds in cash. He has lost money in only three of the past 34 years. What investors say publicly and what they do in the markets can be different things. Mr. Buffett campaigned publicly against Mr. Trump, but he has nevertheless invested in the market since his election  —   about $12 billion, according to a recent disclosure. George Soros, who also actively campaigned against Mr. Trump, bet  —   wrongly so far  —   that the stock market would fall he lost about $1 billion. Most hedge funds have found themselves on the losing side of trades over the past several years, a point Mr. Klarman addressed in his letter. Noting that hedge fund returns have underperformed the indexes  —   he mentioned that hedge funds had returned only 23 percent from 2010 to 2015, compared with 108 percent for the Standard  Poor’s index  —   he blamed the influx of money into the industry. “With any asset class, when substantial new money flows in, the returns go down,” Mr. Klarman wrote. “No surprise, then, that as money poured into hedge funds, overall returns have soured. ” He continued, “To many, hedge funds have come to seem like a failed product. ” The lousy performance among hedge funds and the potential for them to go out of business or consolidate, he suggests, may become an opportunity. Perhaps the most distinctive point he makes  —   at least that finance geeks will appreciate  —   is what he says is the irony that investors now “have gotten excited about   index funds and exchange traded funds (E. T. F. s) that mimic various market or sector indices. ” He says he sees big trouble ahead in this area  —   or at least the potential for investors in individual stocks to profit. “One of the perverse effects of increased indexing and E. T. F. activity is that it will tend to ‘lock in’ today’s relative valuations between securities,” Mr. Klarman wrote. “When money flows into an index fund or   E. T. F. the manager generally buys into the securities in an index in proportion to their current market capitalization (often to the capitalization of only their public float, which interestingly adds a layer of distortion, disfavoring companies with large insider, strategic, or state ownership),” he wrote. “Thus today’s   companies are likely to also be tomorrow’s, regardless of merit, with less capital in the hands of active managers to potentially correct any mispricings. ” To Mr. Klarman, “stocks outside the indices may be cast adrift, no longer attached to the valuation grid but increasingly off of it. ” “This should give   value investors a distinct advantage,” he wrote. “The inherent irony of the efficient market theory is that the more people believe in it and correspondingly shun active management, the more inefficient the market is likely to become. ” How Mr. Klarman wants investors to behave in the age of Trump remains an open question. But here’s a hint: At the top of his letter, he included three quotations. One was attributed to Thomas Jefferson: “In matters of style, swim with the current in matters of principle, stand like a rock. ”",0
14426,"Trump Haters Mow Down Signs, “Black Women for Trump” Make Them Famous","A Twitter page known as Black Women for Trump shared pictures of the result of the ingenious trap, and it is simply hilarious. Guys, we got one! pic.twitter.com/2hZUVxyP8K 
— Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) October 28, 2016 
The pictures showed the row of downed Trump signs as well as a closeup of the specially designed trap on the first sign in the line.   
The final picture was of the likely suspects pulled over a short distance away, car jacked up for a tire change. 
This is probably not the wisest thing an American voter could do to show support for Donald Trump, but it’s hard to argue that the woman who chose to drive over the signs in an effort to destroy them didn’t get exactly what she deserved. 
Hopefully this will teach a valuable lesson to this woman and other Trump haters out there that other people’s property is best left alone.",0
14427,"A Pimp Just Revealed Trump Also Raped 12-Year-Old Girl, Threat To Kill Witnesses","Comments 
Republican nominee Donald Trump is an admitted serial sexual predator. His own recorded words confirm as much, as do the dozen or so women who have come forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct. His campaign is desperately fighting to put a lid on the growing awareness that Trump will be testifying under oath during a trial in federal court under the accusation of raping a thirteen-year-old girl and a previously undisclosed second girl, who was even younger . 
The case was thrown out in May due to a clerical error, but re-filed in June with two new witnesses –“Joan Doe” and “Tiffany Doe” who both say they worked as “party planners” for convicted child rapist and billionaire Jeffery Epstein. Part of that “planning” appears to have been procuring girls for the party, as “Joan Doe” revealed in her deposition that she convinced victim “Jane Doe” to attend four different parties with promises of money and “meeting contacts” in the modelling industry – a story that matches the account of another person who would arrange for underage women to attend Trump’s parties. 
At one of these parties, “Jane Doe” was forced to perform oral sex on Trump with a twelve-year old named “Maria.” At the fourth and final encounter, Tiffany Doe says “ I personally witnessed Defendant Trump telling the Plaintiff that she shouldn’t ever say anything if she didn’t want to disappear like the 12-year-old female Maria, and that he was capable of having her whole family killed.” 
“Maria” hadn’t been seen since the previous encounter. Trump then forcibly raped “Jane Doe,” who was then raped and sodomized again by Jeffery Epstein, who was apparently furious tha t Trump had ta ken her virginity and not him, beating her in his fury . 
Donald Trump told New York magazine in 2002 that “I’ve known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” 
Epstein’s brother, Mark, also testified that “Trump flew on Jeffrey’s private jet at least once and records indicate that Trump called Epstein twice in November of 2004.” 
Epstein eventually recieved a slap on the wrist – 13 months in prison and registration as a sex offender – for decades of abuse : 
“according to law-enforcement officials and alleged victims, between the years 1998 and 2007—and possibly even earlier—he ran a particularly vile pyramid scheme that involved paying minors around $200 at a time to perform sexual massages nearly every day and then recruit even younger girls to do the same. (“The more you do, the more you are paid,” one said.) During these massages, girls as young as 13 told police they were instructed to get undressed. Epstein would masturbate or penetrate them, they said—with his finger, or a vibrator, or his allegedly egg-shaped penis.” 
The details keep coming, and the picture they paint grows darker and more horrifying by they day. How much more evidence does America need? How many more stories need to be told before the word of one rich man is outweighed by literally dozens of contrasting accounts? Donald Trump is a sexual predator and a possible pedophile; he deserves a jail cell on Riker’s Island, not the White House.",0
14428,Chicago Is Planning to Add Hundreds of Police Officers - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   This city, reeling from a rising toll of gun violence, may soon hire hundreds of additional police officers  —   more than 500 of them. Superintendent Eddie Johnson of the Chicago police is expected to announce plans for a significant increase in officers during a news conference on Wednesday afternoon at Police Headquarters, a spokesman said late Tuesday. Officials would not provide specific numbers or details, but said that the new hires would be over and above the current force, not a replacement for retiring officers or unfilled positions. Chicago’s Police Department is the   municipal force in the nation, with more than 12, 000 officers, but Mayor Rahm Emanuel has faced intensifying criticism over the city’s handling of violence as the death toll has mounted. New York, which has more police officers, has seen homicides decrease in recent years. Mr. Emanuel is scheduled to present an address on Thursday regarding his plans for public safety here. Already this year, more than 500 people have been killed in Chicago  —   more than in all of last year in this city and more than Los Angeles and New York combined have experienced this year. The uptick in violence, particularly in neighborhoods on the city’s South and West Sides, has left many questioning the effectiveness of the Police Department in closing cases or slowing the violence. If approved as part of Chicago’s city budget, the hires would constitute the first major expansion in officers in recent years and a shift in the city’s approach to tackling the year’s increase in violence. In months past, as the number of shootings continued to rise, officials took other tacks, calling for a tightening of gun laws and sending hundreds of officers working administrative jobs back on to the streets. But the proposal, which The Associated Press reported on Tuesday afternoon, comes at a remarkably complex time for this city, amid strained relations between residents and the police, a federal Justice Department investigation into the Police Department’s patterns and practices, and stressed city finances. On Tuesday, officials would not provide the anticipated cost for an expansion in officers, but Chicago is already wrestling with deep fiscal problems, from underfunded pension systems to a budget crisis in the public schools, and any proposal for new spending may face debate. The Police Department’s relations with   residents are the subject of intense scrutiny, complicating reactions to any proposal for a larger police force on the streets. The release last year of a video showing a white police officer shooting Laquan McDonald, a black teenager, 16 times renewed a sense of community anger and distrust toward the police.",0
14429,Reliably Red Ohio County Finds Both Trump and Clinton Hard to Stomach - The New York Times,"DELAWARE, Ohio  —   Donald J. Trump is not popular in this prospering county north of Columbus. The Republican nominee’s dystopian language does not resonate here. Signs that read “Now Hiring” outnumber “Trump” campaign placards. But many residents of this reliably Republican county, which last voted for a Democratic president in 1916, simply cannot imagine voting for Mr. Trump’s Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. And that goes a long way toward explaining why she has struggled to separate herself from Mr. Trump in this bellwether state. “I just don’t know what I’m going to do,” said Anne Merrels, 48, who lives with her family in Powell, an old farming town that has sprouted a pair of    restaurants at its crossroads. The subdivisions of southern Delaware County are a world apart from the anger and decay of Ohio’s old industrial towns. Here live the beneficiaries of globalization: Ohio State University professors, software engineers and bankers who work at the hulking JPMorgan Chase building, a structure on the southern edge of the county that is as large as the Empire State Building, though considerably shorter. Delaware County’s median household income in 2014 was $91, 936, by far the highest in the state and almost twice the statewide median income. The county’s unemployment rate was just 3. 4 percent in July, compared with 4. 9 percent nationwide. Just as Mr. Trump has made inroads among Ohio’s   workers by promising to revive their fortunes, Democrats are hoping Mrs. Clinton can find new support among affluent and   voters who are thriving in President Obama’s economy and may be wary of Mr. Trump’s bluster. C. J. Soliday, a    mental health therapist, said she was trying to persuade friends to vote for Mrs. Clinton by posing a single question. “People should ask if we’re doing better than we were doing eight years ago,” Ms. Soliday said. “And the answer is yes. ” Yet conversations with a few dozen voters here suggest that Mrs. Clinton faces considerable challenges in converting the distaste for Mr. Trump into support for her candidacy. Many of those who do not like Mr. Trump also dislike Mrs. Clinton. They are reluctant to cross party lines. And even here, there is still anxiety and pessimism about the health of the economy. There are some like James Kehoe, a    real estate agent and registered Republican, who said he did not recognize Mr. Trump’s descriptions of Ohio’s economic desolation and liked the idea of showing his two daughters that a woman could be president. More common, however, are people like Ms. Merrels. She and her husband, a software engineer, went to see Mr. Trump in person this year at the convention center in Columbus. She was impressed by the long lines, but not by the speech. Mr. Trump, she said, seemed to talk mostly about polling numbers. She said she had voted for the Republican nominee in each election since 1996. She said she would not vote for Mrs. Clinton, and was concerned that voting for a   candidate would amount to the same thing. But she is not reconciled to voting for Mr. Trump. “I’d like someone to represent the United States who we are proud of, who we are not embarrassed by,” Ms. Merrels said. Democrats remain hopeful that they can improve upon the 38 percent of local votes won by Mr. Obama in 2012. The Clinton campaign has opened an office on Delaware’s main street the Trump campaign has also rented a storefront, but there is just a cardboard cutout of the candidate in the window. Jenny L. Holland, a professor of politics at Ohio Wesleyan University, said she was watching with fascination as Democrats tried to make inroads in a place so Republican that Karl Rove, the Republican strategist, famously protested on national television in 2012 that the election should not be called for Mr. Obama until Delaware County’s votes were counted. “What do you do if the Republican candidate is unpalatable to you?” asked Professor Holland, who also lives in the county. “Do you just show up and not vote for president at all? Or  —   gasp  —   could there be a possibility that a Republican woman would show up and vote for Hillary Clinton? We just don’t know. ” Delaware County was mostly farmland until a few decades ago, with a modest cluster of factories in the county seat. Roger Marksch, 67, built and fixed machines in those factories for almost 50 years before hanging up his tools last year. He watched as the factories closed or moved to Japan, China, Mexico and Finland. “I got out just in time,” he said with a laugh. But even as those jobs faded away, developers were replacing Delaware’s soybean fields with subdivisions. Columbus was growing rapidly, fueled by a modern mix of government, education and financial services. Commuters doubled the suburban county’s population from 1980 to 2000, and it is on pace to double again by 2020, easily topping 200, 000. John Kasich, Ohio’s governor, is the archetypal local Republican with misgivings about Mr. Trump. Mr. Kasich, who lives in Delaware County’s southern tier, not far from a planned Ikea, has repeatedly rebutted Mr. Trump’s bleak descriptions of Ohio’s economy. He has not offered an endorsement. Others said they were concerned Mr. Trump was insufficiently conservative. Craig Johnson, who owns a pizzeria in the county seat, said he doubted that Mr. Trump was a Republican, but he laughed when asked if he would consider Mrs. Clinton. “Listen, I’m a      owner in Delaware, Ohio, and I like guns, fishing and Nascar,” he said. He is mulling a vote for Gary Johnson, the Libertarian nominee. Many local Republicans are making their peace. Ed Paxton, 51, runs a cigar shop  —   and business is good. For a while after the recession, regular customers who bought half a dozen cigars each week had cut back to three or four. Lately, they are buying half a dozen. He recently bought his first new vehicle since 1999, “the last time things were decent. ” He is not particularly moved by Mr. Trump’s promises of an economic revival. But Mr. Paxton said he still planned to vote for Mr. Trump for standard Republican reasons: He wants lower taxes and less regulation. He is upset about an excise tax of 40 cents per cigar imposed in 2009 to fund a children’s health insurance program, and he is upset about a ban on providing tobacco samples to his customers. Matt Lester, 37, a graphic designer, was blunt: “He wasn’t my first, second, third or fourth option, but he is better than Hillary. ” Indeed, as in other parts of Ohio, Mrs. Clinton faces some challenges in maintaining the support of her traditional base. Shalyn Shelton, 26, has completed one and a half years of courses toward a nursing degree, but she already owes $22, 000 in student debt and she cannot afford to continue. She also cannot afford to live in Delaware, where she grew up, so she recently moved with her partner to Marion, 20 miles north. And on a recent afternoon she sat outside the International Paper factory where she had worked for the last two years, because she and her   have been on strike since May. The factory, which cranks out diaper boxes, egg crates and other corrugated containers, offers some of the best jobs still available in Delaware for people without college degrees. Ms. Shelton makes about $21 an hour stacking boxes. And business is booming. But International Paper wants the workers to accept more mandatory overtime rather than hire more workers. So Ms. Shelton sat among her fellow workers, holding a cardboard sign that read, “84 Hours a Week = No Family! No Church!” In her arms she cradled her daughter, nearly 3 months old. Mrs. Clinton has framed her presidential campaign as an effort to help people like Ms. Shelton. She has proposed making college free for people under a certain income, creating more affordable housing, strengthening collective bargaining, and improving benefits for working parents. She has won the endorsement of Ms. Shelton’s union, the Teamsters. But Mrs. Clinton has not won the support of Ms. Shelton, who has not registered to vote and does not plan to do so. “They don’t care about us,” Ms. Shelton said of Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton. A few minutes later, she opened the door at least a crack: “I’ll tell you what  —   if she shows up here, she would have my vote. ”",0
14430,FANTASTIC! TRUMP'S 7 POINT PLAN To Reform Healthcare Begins With A Bombshell! » 100percentfedUp.com,"Email HEALTHCARE REFORM TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
Since March of 2010, the American people have had to suffer under the incredible economic burden of the Affordable Care Act—Obamacare. This legislation, passed by totally partisan votes in the House and Senate and signed into law by the most divisive and partisan President in American history, has tragically but predictably resulted in runaway costs, websites that don’t work, greater rationing of care, higher premiums, less competition and fewer choices. Obamacare has raised the economic uncertainty of every single person residing in this country. As it appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight, the damage done by the Democrats and President Obama, and abetted by the Supreme Court, will be difficult to repair unless the next President and a Republican congress lead the effort to bring much-needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry. 
Congress must act. Our elected representatives in the House and Senate must: 
1. Completely repeal Obamacare. Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to. 
2. Modify existing law that inhibits the sale of health insurance across state lines. As long as the plan purchased complies with state requirements, any vendor ought to be able to offer insurance in any state. By allowing full competition in this market, insurance costs will go down and consumer satisfaction will go up. 
3. Allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system. Businesses are allowed to take these deductions so why wouldn’t Congress allow individuals the same exemptions? As we allow the free market to provide insurance coverage opportunities to companies and individuals, we must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance. We must review basic options for Medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it. TRENDING ON 100% Fed Up ",0
14431,Report: Iran Pushing Deal With Assad Regime To Build Naval Base In Syria,"TEL AVIV  —   Iran is closing a deal with Syrian President Bashar Assad to build a military base at the port of Latakia in Syria, an Israeli diplomatic official told the Hebrew news site Walla on Friday. [The naval base would act as payment for Iran’s support of Assad over the past six years of civil war, the unnamed official said.  According to the report, establishing an Iranian military presence on the Mediterranean Sea would be viewed by Israel as a “radical step” that would “heighten the instability in the region and advance terror” against the Jewish state. Such a measure would also increase the threat to the Israeli home front since it would strengthen the   terror group Hezbollah, which is currently fighting in Syria. On Thursday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu relayed his concerns about Iran’s intentions to build a naval base in his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. “I spoke with President Putin at length about the strategic significance of Iran’s creating a permanent presence in Syria, or its attempt to do so,” he said in a press briefing following their meeting, adding that an Iranian presence in Syria would be against the “  interests of everyone except the Iranians. ” “I said that it would undermine the stability, and actually hurt the possibility of a diplomatic arrangement [for Syria]. I made it clear that it is something that will be unacceptable to the State of Israel. ” Netanyahu said he believed Putin was receptive to his concerns. “I made it clear to President Putin our resolute opposition to the consolidation of Iran and its proxies in Syria,” the prime minister said. “We see Iran trying to build a military force, military infrastructure, with the intention to be based in Syria, including the attempt by Iran to build a seaport. All this has serious implications in terms of Israel’s security. ”",0
14432,"As Millions Face Obamacare Hikes, Plan's Architect Smiles For The Camera"," 
Ezekiel Emanuel laughed on Wednesday as the hosts of MSNBC’s Morning Joe joked about his brainchild, Obamacare, which on Tuesday Emanuel noted was going to cause severe fiscal pain for at least a million Americans.
On Wednesday’s show, Mika Brzezinski noted that Emanuel, a former adviser to President Barack Obama is “often called one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act.”
“How’s that working for you right now, Zeke?” chimed in host Joe Scarborough.
 
Related Stories Bill Clinton Leads Crowd In Litany Of Obamacare’s Failures Scarborough: Everything Republicans Predicted About Obamacare Is Coming True New Data Shows Double-Digit Rate Hikes For Obamacare Emanuel grinned while on remote from Philadelphia.
“Be honest, though,” Scarborough continued. “Zeke only worked on the part of the Affordable Care Act that’s causing increases 25 percent on average.”
Emanuel was once again all smiles.
 
A day before, there were not many smiles when Emanual appeared on CNN and told Jake Tapper the extent of Obamacare’s fiscal effects.
“There’s a million people for whom this is going to be severe or uncomfortable,” he said.
Earlier this week, the Obama administration announced that the average premium costs will rise 25 percent next year. However, some states were far higher. A popular “ silver” healthcare plan is scheduled to increase 116 percent in Arizona; 40 percent in North Carolina; and 53 percent in Pennsylvania.
Emanuel said the problem of rising premiums some Americans will have trouble affording is just part of the way Obamacare evolved.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio “Everyone who worked on the bill thought that it was not perfect, and six years in, some of the problems, some of the unintended consequences are manifesting themselves. That doesn’t mean it’s fatal,” he said.
“These price increases that we’re seeing this year are a one-time increase relative to the fact that insurance companies didn’t know who was going to come in, under-priced their premiums in the first few years, and are readjusting them based on who’s in the marketplace,” said Emanuel, suggesting that tweaking the system will fix the problem.
” … it’s what any company would do if they launch a product, some problems arise, and you try to fix them,” he said.
#ObamacareFail pic.twitter.com/90Aixp25Oc 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would prefer to throw out Obamacare rather than fine-tune it.
“Obamacare has to be repealed and replaced ,” Trump said Tuesday.
What do you think?",0
14433,WikiLeaks List Exposes At Least 65 Corporate ‘Presstitutes’ Who Colluded To Hide Clinton’s Crimes,"posted by Eddie Revelations from the Wikileaks release of John Podesta’s emails yet again prove mainstream, corporate media serves as Hillary Clinton’s personal cheerleading squad — and is devoid of any iteration of journalistic integrity. Thanks to Wikileaks and the Intercept , in fact, we now have a list of no less than 65 mainstream “reporters” whose campaign coverage constitutes propaganda for the Clinton campaign — and no wonder, considering the obscenely lopsided drivel presented by their outlets. As (actual) journalists Glenn Greenwald and Lee Fang reported on October 9, the Intercept exclusively received documents obtained by the source known as Guccifer 2.0 evidencing Clinton campaign tactics to court journalists portraying the former secretary of state in a positive light. “As these internal documents demonstrate,” the Intercept reported , “a central component of the Clinton campaign strategy is ensuring that journalists they believe are favorable to Clinton are tasked to report the stories the campaign wants circulated. “At times, Clinton’s campaign staff not only internally drafted the stories they wanted published but even specified what should be quoted ‘on background’ and what should be described as ‘on the record.’” One internal strategy document dated January 2015 — months before Clinton officially kicked off her campaign in April — with the curious heading “Earned Media/Next Steps” exposes how the campaign made an albeit infrequent practice of crafting supposed news pieces from beginning to completion. Under the — not-at-all oblique insult to the fundamentals of journalism — heading “ Placing a Story ,” the memo’s author wrote: “As we discussed on our call, we are all in agreement that the time is right [to] place a story with a friendly journalist in the coming days that positions us a little more transparently while achieving the above goals.” Specifically named as a suggested journalist plant is Maggie Haberman of Politico , whom they note will assist in doing “the most shaping” of the narrative they have in mind. Haberman, however, is far from the only pro-Clinton media shill. As the Intercept noted, a review of the metadata for one of the obtained documents found it had been penned by campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri — who created a list of ostensible pundits and journalists potentially amenable to targeting with the pro-Clinton message. The Intercept also revealed an R.S.V.P. list of 38 media friendlies invited to a pre-campaign announcement soiree with ‘top campaign aides’ at the home of strategist Joel Benenson last year on April 10, which was “a fully off-the-record gathering designed to impart the campaign’s messaging.” Although the outlets they represented unsurprisingly included left-leaning MSNBC , Huffington Post , and Politico , the list also includes journalists from the Daily Beast , Vice , Vox , The New Yorker , and even People Magazine . In the Wikileaks document, the true scope of Clinton campaign skulduggery is revealed in another lengthy guest list for a parallel function hosted by Mr. Leaked Emails, himself, John Podesta, on April 9 last year. Press secretary Jesse Ferguson — who authored both lists — wrote to the top members of Clinton’s team: “Here is the current RSVP list to the Thursday Night (4/9) dinner at Podesta’s. As a reminder, this is with the 25 reporters more closely following HRC (aka the future bus).” Although the collusion between the media and both the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee has graciously trickled out thanks to leaked documents from Wikileaks and others, these lists of named journalists willing to cross the line between journalism and campaigning are shameful — if not helpful tools to know with certainty whose reporting is garbage. In fact, besides obliterating any previous claims of unbiased journalism made by the once-prestigious media institutions dotting these lists, the names and practices described prove mainstream media is effectively moot — by its own hand. source:",0
14434,Charles Hugh Smith: “Don’t Diss the Dark Ages”,"Posted on October 26, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Once dissed as The Dark Ages, the Medieval Era is more properly viewed as a successful adaptation to the challenges of the post-Western Roman Empire era. The decline of the Western Roman Empire was the result of a constellation of challenges, including (but not limited to) massive new incursions of powerful Germanic tribes, a widening chasm between the Western and the Eastern Roman Empire (Byzantium), plague, an onerous tax burden on the non-elite classes, weak leadership, the dominance of a self-serving elite (sound familiar?) and last but not least, the expansion of an unproductive rabble in Rome that had to be bribed with increasingly costly Bread and Circuses . 
In effect, The Grand Strategy of the Roman Empire ran out of time and money. The Grand Strategy, successful for hundreds of years, relied heavily on persuading “barbarian” tribes to join the Roman system for the commercial and security benefits. This process of integration worked because it was backed by the threat of destruction by military force. 
The Empire maintained relatively modest military forces given its vast territory, but its road system and fleet enabled relatively rapid concentration of force to counter an invasion. It also maintained extensive fortifications along active borders. 
All of this required substantial tax revenues, manpower and effective leadership, not just for fortifications, the army, roads and the fleet, but to maintain the commercial and political benefits offered to “barbarians” who chose integration in the Empire. 
Once the military threats proliferated and the benefits of Imperial membership eroded, the Grand Strategy was unable to maintain the integrity of the Imperial borders. 
As tax revenues and the bureaucracy they supported imploded, security declined, reducing trade and communications. This unvirtuous cycle fed on itself: reduced trade led to reduced tax revenues which led to phantom legions that were still listed on the bureaucratic ledgers but which no longer had any troops. 
The collapse of the Western Empire was a process, not an event. Key organizational infrastructures that endured through the Medieval era–for example, the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Christian Churches–gained traction in the waning centuries of the Western Empire. 
Monasteries offered islands of scholarship and literacy and in many cases offered security via fortifications. 
As trade diminished along with secure trade routes, self-reliance became the order of the day outside the borders of the Byzantine and Persian empires. 
Though political leadership shifted with the latest invasion from the steppes of Eurasia, the two branches of Christendom slowly converted many invading groups or consolidated existing Christian powers into alliances that bound together diverse groups and proto-states. 
These alliances were typically contingent and temporary, as today’s ally became tomorrow’s enemy, or vice versa. Despite the shifting loyalties of constant invasion and warfare, the Byzantine Empire endured and Charlemagne (and others) in Western Europe established the fractured but still effective Holy Roman Empire. 
Much was lost when the Western Roman Empire collapsed, but islands of literacy, learning and security arose despite the constant conflicts and threats of invasion. Venice offers one example of a small city securing trade routes with commercial centers that then funded a regional empire. 
The tidiness of the old Empire could not be reinstated. The adaptations were as messy and untidy as the challenges that swept in from the steppes and forests. 
So please don’t diss the Dark Ages. Yes, the Roman baths, coliseums and political /social order fell into disrepair, but new ways of coping emerged that were as contingent and untidy as the era’s multiple challenges. 
New modes of production and new social /political orders do not arise fully formed. They are pieced together by trial and error and numerous cycles of adaptation, innovation and failure. Share:",0
14435,Angry Voters Trying to Flee Country Over Presidential Election Results Crash Canada’s Official Immigration,"The time to see if all those claiming that they would flee the country if their candidate lost the presidential election has finally come and last night Canada’s official immigration website showed many maybe to attempting to put their money where their mouth is.
As election results continued to roll in late Tuesday evening, CIC.gc.ca experienced such heavy web traffic that their site was unable to handle the enormous strain. While the CIC.gc.ca is currently back online (however still running very slowly), reports indicate that heavy traffic rendered the website non-operational into earily Wednesday morning.
ABC13 New Houston was able to capture a screenshot during the height of the site’s massive traffic jam:
Canada’s site to apply for citizenship crashes #ABC13 https://t.co/0G9FWoMaBe pic.twitter.com/epTXZ8Ryo3 
— ABC13 Houston (@abc13houston) November 9, 2016 

More via TheState 
And that’s not all. Business Insider reports that its top story Tuesday was “ How to move to Canada and become a Canadian citizen.” On Google Trends, the term “ Canadian immigration ” began to spike at 10:23 p.m. Tuesday, right around the time the networks and Associated Press called the key swing state of Ohio for Trump, as did the term “ Canada .”
Even the Canadian national anthem was trending; “ O Canada! ” has benefited from Americans perhaps eager to learn their new country’s national song.
Thoughts on this? Let us know in the comment section below.
",0
14436,Hillary emails 'whitelisted' for Obama's BlackBerry,"Hillary emails 'whitelisted' for Obama's BlackBerry President could only receive messages from pre-approved accounts Published: 1 min ago 
(Fox News) President Obama’s high-security BlackBerry used a special process known as “whitelisting” that only allowed it to take calls and messages from pre-approved contacts, two former senior intelligence officials with knowledge of the set-up told Fox News – pointing to the detail as further proof the White House knew Hillary Clinton’s private account was used for government business. 
As the administration now acknowledges, Obama and Clinton emailed each other while she was helming the State Department. If received on his BlackBerry, the “whitelisting” safeguard means Clinton and other contacts would have had to be approved as secure for data transmission – covering everything from emails to texts to phone calls. The Obama BlackBerry would have also been configured to accept the communications. 
“Think of whitelisting like a bouncer in the VIP line at the party. If you are on the list you get in, if you are not, you get bounced to the pavement,” said Bob Gourley, former chief technology officer (CTO) for the DIA, and now a partner with strategic consulting and engineering firm Cognitio.",0
14437,The Factless Fact-Checkers,"Go to Article 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
Once upon a time, fact-checking meant that newspapers, radio stations and television news broadcasts were obligated to check their facts before broadcasting or publishing them. Some newspapers and magazines boasted renowned departments filled with intellectuals whose restless minds roved over each line to ensure that the fewest possible errors would appear under that publication’s masthead. 
But fact-checking of the media by itself has declined almost as badly as the Roman Empire. Errors routinely appear under storied mastheads followed by corrections that are published as a janitorial duty. There is very little concern for the facts even among the great names of publishing and broadcasting. 
The media has stopped fact-checking itself and it now uses fact-checking largely to refer to a type of opinion journalism in which it “checks the facts” of public figures. The fall of fact-checking within the media has paralleled the rise of fact checking by the media of its political opponents. The media has become factless even as it deploys a term that once meant self-correction to instead correct others. 
Fact checks once meant that reporters were expected to be accurate. These days they’re only expected to be politically correct. The media deploys fact checks to check political correctness, not facts. Its fact checks routinely venture into areas that are not only partisan, but subjective matters of opinion. 
Consider Politico’s often mocked “fact check” of Donald Trump as to whether ISIS was indeed unbelievably evil. Under a banner headline, “Donald Trump’s Week of Misrepresentations, Exaggerations and Half-Truths”, it zoomed in on a quote from his Florida rally. 
“We’re presiding over something that the world has not seen. The level of evil is unbelievable,” Trump had said. 
Politico swooped in to correct the candidate with its fact check. “Judging one ‘level of evil’ against another is subjective, but other groups in recent history have without any question engaged in as widespread killing of civilians as ISIS.” 
There were no facts being checked here because Politico doesn’t seem to know what a fact even is. 
The only information conveyed by this “fact check” is that Politico, like the rest of the media, does not like Donald Trump and would find a way to argue with him if he said that the sky was blue. 
In the Daily Show media culture where overt bias and trolling are virtues, fact-checking is just another snotty variety of editorializing that attempts to compensate for perceptions of bias not with higher ethical and factual standards, but by rebranding its editorials as fact checks to gain credibility. 
The ISIS evil “fact check” of Trump came from the same media outlet whose White House reporter decided that the Wisconsin flag, which carries the date 1848 to mark the state’s admission to the Union, was “a flag for the local union, Wisconsin 1848”. Politico ran an entire story asserting that Obama was flying a labor flag to oppose Governor Walker because its reporter couldn’t process basic history. 
This is what happens when media outlets think that fact-checking is something that they do to Republicans rather than to themselves. 
Fact-checking was one of those dinosaurs of journalism, like objectivity, which is viewed as largely irrelevant in a media culture whose Edward R. Murrow is Jon Stewart. Today’s millennial journalists spend most of their time exchanging sarcastic quips with their peers on Twitter, aspire to found their own Vox sites and write viral blog posts that seek a new angle on a trending left-wing narrative. 
Fact checks often function as narrative defenses and meme attacks. That’s why the Washington Post decided to “fact check” a Saturday Night Live gag about Obama’s illegal alien amnesty. It’s not that anyone imagines that Saturday Night Live is in the business of producing facts that need checking. The Post was just worried that one of its jokes would go viral and hurt Obama and his agenda. 
It’s the same reason that the paper “fact checked” a 13-year-old boy who claimed he was blocked by Obama on Twitter. This isn’t about the facts. It’s paranoia about social media narratives going viral. 
This is more understandable if you stop thinking of the media in the old-fashioned sense as a series of papers, radio and television stations and start thinking of it as a massive machine that advocates for left-wing policies using its massive infrastructure and wealth to monopolize internet narratives. 
Media outlets trade on their history, but they don’t resemble their past selves in any meaningful way. 
The New Yorker once boasted a fact-checking department that was famous for its range, its depth and its resourcefulness in running down even the most obscure facts. But what use is such a thing at David Remnick’s New Yorker whose big draw comes from Andy Borowitz’s insipid near parodies? The New Republic went from respected liberal publication to another snarky and shrill social justice blog. CBS News cited a psychic site to explain that a fly landed on Hillary’s face to help her cope with stress. 
This isn’t material that exists in the same realm as facts. It’s snarky contempt alternating with lowest common denominator propaganda. Left-wing journalism, like most left-wing culture, is totalitarian anti-intellectualism masquerading as enlightened intellectualism. The Soviet Union was quite fond of culture. It just hated the creative process that produced it because it was independent of Communist ideology. The left loves journalism; it just hates the objectivity that validates journalism as more than propaganda. 
It’s this perverse anti-intellectualism that turned fact-checking from self-discipline to attack ad. Once journalism became pure left-wing advocacy, it also became inherently correct by virtue of being left-wing and was not in need of having its facts checked. When fact checks stopped being something that journalists did to themselves, first facts and then fact checks became meaningless. Unable to even recognize a fact, media fact checkers just wrote editorials which spiced their left-wing attacks on Republicans liberally with cargo cult invocations to “fact” as if it were some deity. 
The average media fact check is a masterpiece of unintentional comedy for thinking adults. 
At the Washington Post , Michelle Yee “fact checks” Donald Trump’s comment that Hillary’s email scandal is bigger than Watergate and concludes that since Watergate led to Nixon’s resignation and Hillary’s email scandal has yet to lead to any convictions, it can’t be bigger than Watergate. Since the scandal has yet to be resolved, a fact check of it could only take place in the future. 
CNN featured Toronto Star “fact checker” Daniel Dale who claimed that Trump said 35 lies in one day. 
The list of “lies” included deeming Trump’s statement that Hillary would raise taxes false because her plan only taxes the rich, asserting that there is no such thing as a “phony poll” and denying that Hillary Clinton had received debate questions. Some of these “lies” are themselves lies. Others, like Yee, show an inability to even understand what a fact is and what can and can’t be deemed false. 
Just how degraded fact checking had become was made manifest when Hillary Clinton pleaded at the debate, “Please, fact checkers, get to work.” Her campaign site touted its own “fact checking” which was mostly indistinguishable from the media’s fact checking. That was a commentary on the transformation of the media into a left-wing politician’s spin center. 
Nearly every media outlet now boasts a fact check blog or headlines touting fact checks. But the biggest fact checking department of the media, rather than by the media, isn’t in the United States, but in Germany. In America, fact checking has become a type of partisan attack launched by media outlets at their political opponents. It’s bigger than ever and also more worthless than ever because it is factless. 
And those who do it often not only don’t know the facts, but don’t even know what a fact is.  ",0
14438,"A Bullet Misses Its Mark, and Then Takes a Fatal Detour - The New York Times","A   of   lead exploded from the barrel of a   pistol at 1, 300 feet per second. The bullet sped toward    Carlos Vasquez, who ran just steps ahead of the gunman. But it missed its mark, just outside the Melrose Houses in the South Bronx, and kept whistling through the air. It sailed for 150 yards along East 154th Street, down the slope between Courtlandt and Elton Avenues, staying airborne as the ground fell away. Maribel Cavero, 45, was crossing the street at the base of that hill, unaware that a shot had been fired during a running fight between young men in the housing project. She had just delivered a carton of sugar substitute to her diabetic grandmother on East 154th Street and was on her way to pick up her    niece from school. The bullet slowed and tumbled as it dropped. Then, with the last of its fading energy, it tore into Ms. Cavero. Alejandro Almonte, 45, a   heard Ms. Cavero yelp and saw her fall. He later said he thought she must have had a seizure. He ran to where she lay, facedown, on the blacktop by a small car’s bumper. She was dying, the bullet having pierced her heart at about 12:50 p. m. on Nov. 2, a sunny Wednesday. The slug passed through her chest and rolled to a stop under a Jeep parked near a   house at 426 East 154th Street. The bullet was strangely pristine, hardly deformed by its deadly work. As investigators began to piece together how the woman had been shot, Sgt. Michael J. LoPuzzo, the commander of the 40th Precinct detective squad, looked uphill, where the bullet had been fired, and downhill, where it had come to rest, and surveyed the maze of telephone poles, streetlights, wires, cars and trees in between. The bullet had improbably traveled nearly two city blocks to strike an unintended victim and log the precinct’s 14th  —   and final  —   homicide of 2016. “It couldn’t have hit a tree?” he said, shaking his head. “A light pole? A sign?” It was grim news for detectives in the 40th Precinct, where The New York Times has been examining every homicide logged in 2016, a succession of   assassinations, gang killings, domestic murders and random slayings. Half the cases remained unsolved, and Sergeant LoPuzzo’s investigators were already struggling to find the person responsible for the fatal shooting of another innocent bystander, Jessica White, cut down on a playground in June. Now, less than a mile away and five months later, the police had another mystery and another blameless bystander lying crumpled on the ground. Detectives were initially unable to explain what had happened. The mayor’s office called the chief of detectives, and the chief of detectives called Sergeant LoPuzzo. The message was simple: Do all you can. The department flooded the streets with rookies who picked through trash and shined flashlights in alleyways and sewer grates searching for any potential evidence. Detectives checked Ms. Cavero’s background for clues. The head of Bronx detectives, Deputy Chief Jason Wilcox, stalked the streets between the projects and the businesses on Third Avenue, the area around him abuzz with the police. It was a striking show of force, and a marked escalation from the police response after Ms. White was killed as she tried to shield her children from gunfire. As the afternoon hours wore on, Sergeant LoPuzzo and his detectives started getting breaks. Things lined up in ways they seldom do in this part of the Bronx, where witnesses rarely agree to testify and investigative staffing is one of the lowest in the city despite a   rate that is the highest. By late the next night, Orlando Oquendo, a    who the police believed had fired the bullet, was in handcuffs, having been identified in a lineup by Mr. Vasquez, the man who said he was the target. Mr. Oquendo, who still looked very much a teenager, had been arrested several times, including twice on gun possession charges, according to court documents and his mother. “That kid was on a road,” Sergeant LoPuzzo said. “It was just a matter of time. ” Less than 48 hours elapsed from death to arrest, and what detectives in this corner of the city say they hope for but rarely see came to pass: The police and the people in the community had cooperated to solve a killing. “It’s supposed to read like a book,” Sergeant LoPuzzo said weeks later, explaining how he wished all cases went that way. “Where you can read all the steps in the investigation, and what they saw and what they found and what the video shows and what the evidence shows. So it’s all one big package. ” It was a luxury, the sergeant said, his squad often did not have. The day she died, Maribel Cavero and her    mother, Maria Reyes, had cooked crabs for an early lunch, using a recipe from their native Ecuador. Together, with Ms. Cavero’s younger sister, Alexandra Cavero, 44, they sat at a small table in the family’s   apartment in the Melrose Houses, only a block from the corner where the shot would be fired. Ms. Cavero regaled them with family gossip and news from their home country. The sisters had joined their mother in the United States in 2008, about 12 years after she followed her own mother from Guayaquil, Ecuador, to the South Bronx in hopes of more earnings and a better life. When lunch was finished, Ms. Cavero’s mother reminded her to drop off the box of sugar substitute to her grandmother, Marcela Troncoso, the    family matriarch, who lived in an apartment on East 154th Street. As she did most days, Ms. Cavero was headed to pick up her sister’s    daughter, Gabriela Encalada, from school, because her sister had to leave for her job as a bus driver. But Ms. Cavero would make time for the delivery. “She said, ‘I’m in a hurry, but I’ll do it,’” Ms. Reyes said in a recent interview. “‘I’ll do it. ’” Ms. Cavero had no husband, no boyfriend and no children, her relatives said. She enjoyed certain solitary pursuits, like romance novels and the online game FarmVille. And aside from family, her regular social activity was Mass at Immaculate Conception Church on East 150th Street. “She lived in her own world,” her sister said. “She was still very naïve. ” With what relatives called a tranquil focus, she poured her energy into caring for her mother and helping to raise her niece, whom she considered like a daughter. She loved tragic poetry, her sister said, and the writings of Pablo Neruda and the novels of Corín Tellado, a prolific romance writer. At night, she would watch Elvis Presley movies, referring to the singer as her eternal love. She watched James Bond movies, too, but told friends she avoided real romantic entanglements because in her view they always brought pain. “In high school, they used to say she seemed like she was in love because when she was into a book, into a piece of literature, she expressed it, and the others would tell her, ‘You’re in love,’ and her answer would be ‘Yes, I’m in love with life,’” her sister said. “‘In some ways you seem like a little girl, and in some ways you’re like an old lady,’ I used to tell her. ” Ms. Cavero worked for a few years as a   nanny, her mother said. But as the children she watched grew, the $   job ended and she wound up working another job her stepfather found for her at a McDonald’s on Sixth Avenue and 28th Street in Manhattan. The shifts began late in the day, which gave her time to pick up Gabriela. But they often ended near midnight. Coming home that late, she usually called her mother to tell her she was leaving work. Her mother said Ms. Cavero was afraid of the neighborhood. “This is a bad place here,” Ms. Reyes said. “Sometimes gunfights are heard outside. ” When the McDonald’s was being remodeled in the fall, Ms. Cavero seized the opportunity to go to Ecuador. She stayed for 45 days with her father, Luis Cavero. She wasn’t thrilled to return to New York, where she had been frustrated in finding meaningful work, and she talked of moving home once her niece was older, her sister said. “Why did this happen?” her sister asked. “I don’t understand. She was a person who had no vices. ” For the investigation into Ms. Cavero’s killing, finding the small, smooth slug under a Jeep near the body was the case’s first big break. Detectives who found it cordoned off the area with crime scene tape. One hunched down, unloaded the magazine of his own   pistol and pulled out a bullet to compare. The slugs were the same size. Another bystander told officers he had seen a man running wildly with something black in his hand through the Melrose playground a block and a half away. Detectives traced a ballistic path westward along East 154th Street and found a plumber who told them he had seen the shooting as he walked with his lunch from the Twin Deli Grocery at East 154th and Courtlandt. The plumber told detectives he saw one young man chase another, then stop and raise his arm. He heard a gunshot and the tinkle of a brass shell hitting the sidewalk as the gunman turned back and sprinted into the Melrose Houses. The shell was there, under some scaffolding, on the northeast corner, and detectives placed a white foam cup over it to preserve it as evidence. After detectives went looking for surveillance video, they found footage from at least five nearby stores and buildings, a bonanza in a neighborhood where security cameras are scarce and often out of order. One video showed a teenager racking a gun, dropping something, then firing. On the street, besides the shell casing, detectives discovered an object they believed had also fallen from the gunman’s hands: a silver cigarette lighter. Television satellite trucks began showing up, a rare but welcome sight for investigators in this part of the city, who hoped publicity might encourage witnesses to come forward. The evening news broadcasts were soon underway, and in a place where even horrific killings often draw only brief coverage, the local stations were going big with the news of an innocent bystander shot dead. For Sergeant LoPuzzo, a steady diet of coffee and cigarettes does nothing to blunt his frustration over witnesses who will not speak. In case after case, as recently as a shooting on New Year’s Day, even seriously injured victims tell a similar story: “Felt pain, saw nothing. ” But the Cavero case was already going differently, and then a call came from the 40th Precinct station house on Alexander Avenue. Detectives told the sergeant, who was still at the scene, that a man had walked into the   squad room claiming to have been in the gunman’s cross hairs. “I said, ‘Do not let him leave,’” Sergeant LoPuzzo recalled. Within minutes, the man, Carlos Vasquez, was putting his account in writing in front of a detective. In his statement, he said he saw the news of Ms. Cavero’s death on television and realized “that a woman was shot and killed by the bullet that was intended for me. ” “I informed my family that I was going to the precinct so I can tell the detectives what happened and tell them I wanted this guy brought to justice,” he said in his statement, which both he and a detective signed. “It’s one of the rare things where he’s got a conscience,” Sergeant LoPuzzo later said. Mr. Vasquez had been arrested more than a dozen times and had been convicted of drug dealing and illegal possession of a knife. He was a   if   drug dealer. He sold in the Melrose Houses near the corner of East 153rd Street and Courtlandt Avenue, where his mother lived, according to court records and the police. In implicating Mr. Oquendo, Mr. Vasquez never explained how the fight had started. In his own words, he said he had left his building on Nov. 2 “in search of marijuana” and was waiting for a dealer near a flagpole at the neighboring Jackson Houses when two men assaulted him. He ran. But before he could make it to the safety of his mother’s house, one of the assailants closed the gap, with a gun in hand. “As I’m running, I turn around to see him point a gun at me and fire it,” Mr. Vasquez said in his statement, though he did not know Mr. Oquendo’s name. “I ducked between cars. ” Even before Mr. Vasquez came in, detectives reviewing the recovered video images from the deli’s cameras thought they had identified a suspect. Officers assigned to a plainclothes   unit recognized the person in the surveillance footage as Mr. Oquendo, the teenager with a lengthy arrest record who was known to officers as “Gumby. ” The case detective, Ivan Monge, also knew the gunman when he saw the video. He had arrested Mr. Oquendo’s older sister on assault charges in October. “I told myself, ‘Wait, this is Gumby, this is Oquendo,’” he said. Detectives did not recover the gun. But with the videos, the witnesses, the bullet, the shell casing and the name of the suspect lining up, Sergeant LoPuzzo’s team made one more breakthrough: Detective David Rodriguez remembered that the suspect’s mother was an old neighbor of his from Spanish Harlem. They had grown up together, their families had attended the same church and they had spoken after one of Mr. Oquendo’s previous arrests. The detective contacted the mother’s relatives on Facebook and eventually got her on the phone. He told her he needed her to bring in her son safely. “Like a mother, she didn’t believe it,” Detective Rodriguez said. “And she wanted the proof. ” Detective Rodriguez went to her home and took her to the squad room, where he showed her a wanted flier with an image of her son taken from the videos. She came in only “because she trusted him,” said Detective John Caruso, another detective working on the case. Finally she broke down. “Yeah,” she said, according to Detective Rodriguez, “that’s my son. ” By the next night, the detectives were packed in the lobby of the Legal Aid Society’s office on East 161st Street in the Bronx. Steven Mechanic, a veteran public defender who had represented Mr. Oquendo against several criminal charges in the past, surrendered him to the police. “There are no winners in this case,” Mr. Mechanic said later, declining to discuss the new charges or Mr. Oquendo’s previous convictions. Mr. Oquendo was led away. His parents cried. “He told me he came over from Cuba on a boat, 20 years ago,” Detective Rodriguez said of the suspect’s father. “I know the mother’s side of the family personally. I’ve known them for years. He comes from a good family, but everyone takes their own path in life. ” Orlando Oquendo’s mother sat in her living room in the Jackson Houses one recent night, with a stack of letters written by her son in jail piled on her lap. She nodded toward the streets outside her   window and spoke of her son’s sorrow for Ms. Cavero’s death. “If he did do it, it was not intentional. It was not toward her,” she said of the shooting. “A person was lost, so it’s going to hurt. ” She felt a kinship for Ms. Cavero’s family. Both were Latino families, she said, one from Puerto Rico and Cuba, the other from Ecuador. Both were churchgoing, and both were living in a   area they wanted to escape. Mr. Oquendo’s mother said that taking the apartment in the Jackson Houses 11 years ago was the worst decision she had ever made. Mr. Oquendo, the fourth of her six children, was troubled and, from a young age, attended a special school for emotionally disturbed children. It was hard to stay neutral in the project’s   gang feuds, and he got into fights constantly. He seemed unable to back down from a threat. He would not “stay shut” when challenged, said his mother, who spoke on the condition that her name not be published. “He had good hands. He could defend himself. ” Twice, her son was accused of crimes involving guns, according to court documents and law enforcement officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential records. In February 2014, a young woman told the police that Mr. Oquendo, who was 15, fired several shots at her, one official said. He was indicted on a gun possession charge in that case, which was transferred to family court and sealed. Then, in August 2015, he was arrested when a police officer saw him drop a .  revolver wrapped in a   on Courtlandt Avenue near East 157th Street, a criminal complaint said. He later pleaded guilty to a reduced charge and was given a conditional discharge, the official said. Mr. Oquendo’s mother said he was supposed to be graduating from high school this month and then going to work for his father’s plumbing business. Her son had been coaching young basketball players at the local Classic Community Center, on the courts where Chris McCullough of the Brooklyn Nets once reigned. He had proposed to his longtime girlfriend, telling her they could someday move to a safer neighborhood with their son, O. J. born on Aug. 16. “If this kid could relive this day, I’m sure he wouldn’t do the same thing that he did,” Sergeant LoPuzzo said. “But once you pull that trigger, you can’t pull that back. ” Still, the pressures were mounting, said Mr. Oquendo’s mother, who referred to him as her “prayer baby” for his constant comfort of her. He watched her battle diabetes and heart disease and saw his maternal grandmother dying of colon cancer. The streets enveloped him, she said. In October, he had a dispute with Mr. Vasquez outside a local barbershop. On the day of the shooting, Mr. Vasquez’s nephew, a friend of the Oquendo family, sent messages to Mr. Oquendo’s sister to find out what had happened. After speaking with Detective Rodriguez, Mr. Oquendo’s mother reached her son and asked him to surrender. “I told him, ‘The best thing to do is to turn yourself in, and let’s see what happens,’” she said. “I don’t want my son out on the run. ” Now, he is in a Rikers Island jail cell, facing a   indictment on murder and other charges. He turned 18 there and spent Thanksgiving and Christmas alone. But his letters and cards keep coming, almost daily, filled with apologies for letting his mother down and promising to come home. In a letter on Dec. 30, he told her not to worry, writing, “God has a plan,” and “Let’s hope God gives us a short, easy punishment. ” Ms. Cavero’s relatives, who are tracking the suspect’s court appearances, are afraid of just that: a light sentence. Detectives said that Mr. Oquendo’s intended victim, Mr. Vasquez, picked him out of a police lineup, but that the plumber who witnessed the shooting had been too afraid to try the same. DNA tests on the silver lighter recovered near the shell casing were inconclusive. In her living room, two blocks from the Oquendo family, Ms. Cavero’s mother, Ms. Reyes, also sat on a couch with a pile of envelopes, these containing court papers and other official documents. She thought back to the moment the police informed her of her daughter’s killing. Detective Monge, the case detective, had knocked on her door to deliver the news in Spanish, and she was grateful for his compassion. But even after a wake, in which her daughter was dressed all in white, and a funeral, in Ecuador, she said the randomness of the death  —   in which a person with no enemies or vices was taken violently  —   remained the abiding mystery. It is a question the police cannot answer. “That is what I ask myself,” Ms. Reyes said, tears falling down her cheeks. “Why did this happen this way?”",0
14439,The In-Law in the Trump Inner Circle: Jared Kushner’s Steadying Hand - The New York Times,"It was the low point for a campaign that had been in steady decline for weeks. Less than 24 hours earlier, an    recording of Donald J. Trump boasting about forcing himself on women had surfaced and gone viral. Now, on a Saturday morning in October, his closest advisers had assembled in his Trump Tower apartment to discuss what to do. The group included a handful of seasoned politicians and Mr. Trump’s    Jared Kushner, an Orthodox Jew who ordinarily observes the Sabbath strictly. While the others  —   Gov. Chris Christie, Rudolph W. Giuliani, Reince Priebus  —   emphasized the gravity of the situation, urging Mr. Trump to express contrition, Mr. Kushner reminded him of what he had built. Amid the discussions, the Republican candidate briefly went down to greet 100 or so supporters gathered in front of the building. “There’s 2, 500 people down there,” Mr. Trump told his advisers when he returned. “Those are the people who are going to elect you president,” Mr. Kushner replied, opting not to correct the candidate’s crowd estimate. “Don’t worry about the other people. ” In the chaos that often seems to surround Mr. Trump  —   the churn of advisers, the Twitter wars with reporters, the daily uncertainty over who is making decisions  —   Mr. Kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence, injecting optimism, playing down controversies and reinforcing Mr. Trump’s perceptions, worldview and instincts. In an   organization chart of friends and advisers, Mr. Kushner, 35, has been the lone constant. Raised by one family that prizes loyalty above all else, he married into another. And he is well acquainted with Mr. Trump’s personality type, with his own father a volatile real estate magnate. Now, there is talk of his following Mr. Trump into the White House. What some may see as Mr. Kushner’s greatest liabilities as an adviser  —   his lack of political experience, policy expertise or familiarity with the ways of Washington  —   the   views as his greatest strength: a   devotion without a competing agenda. “Everyone else has their own constituencies, but Jared is just there to protect the interests of the president,” said Thomas Barrack Jr. a longtime friend of Mr. Trump’s who is heading up the inaugural committee. It is not clear exactly how Mr. Kushner, who is married to Mr. Trump’s elder daughter, Ivanka, might be deployed. He is exploring the prospects of joining the administration as a formal, but unpaid, adviser.   statutes prohibit close relatives of the president from playing an active role in the government, but at the same time, the Constitution gives the president broad authority to choose his own advisers. If the Trump administration presses ahead with a Kushner appointment, the matter could wind up in court. Whatever role Mr. Kushner may play in the administration, he has already had a hand in helping assemble it. Both of Mr. Trump’s most senior advisers, Mr. Priebus, his new chief of staff, and Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, seek Mr. Kushner’s advice routinely, considering his   almost a prerequisite for their proposals to Mr. Trump, two senior Trump officials said. (In deference to Mr. Kushner, the transition team delayed announcing the two men’s appointment until after the Jewish sabbath last weekend.) “Jared has the trust, confidence and ear of the entire inner circle of the Trump administration, including the most important member of that group, the ” said Matthew Brooks, the executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition. He described Mr. Kushner as “one of the most important players right now beyond the   and vice  . ” Inside the Trump operation, he is known as the staunchest defender of Mr. Trump’s judgment. When Mr. Bannon was recently accused of   and of promoting white supremacist views and conspiracy theories, Mr. Kushner reassured the Trump team. He called Mr. Bannon a man of character and said the widespread criticism was a smear, according to a senior Republican official, speaking about private discussions on the condition of anonymity. While Mr. Kushner kept himself out of the spotlight throughout the campaign, he has been more visible since the election, walking the White House grounds during Mr. Trump’s recent meeting with President Obama and accompanying the   at a meeting at Trump Tower on Thursday night with the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe. Mr. Kushner declined to be interviewed for this article. Although he is a newspaper owner and publisher, he has not been quoted in the media since the start of the campaign. Before that, Mr. Kushner did not have much of a public political identity, but appeared to lean left. He was raised in a Democratic household, and several years ago, he and his wife hosted a   in their Park Avenue penthouse for Cory Booker, the Democratic senator from New Jersey and former Newark mayor, who has become a vocal critic of Mr. Trump. They also once hosted a   breakfast for another Democrat, Eric T. Schneiderman, the attorney general of New York, who sued Trump University for allegedly defrauding students. (The lawsuit was one of a series brought against the program that were settled on Friday for $25 million.) The couple moves in a predominantly liberal Manhattan circle. “Their social politics seem more what I would expect from New Yorkers of their generation,” said Adam Silver, the National Basketball Association commissioner and a friend of Mr. Kushner’s who has frequently contributed to Democrats. Some New York business leaders, who had recoiled at Mr. Trump’s candidacy, say privately that they are hoping Mr. Kushner will be a moderating influence on the new president. But it remains to be seen how receptive he will be to their concerns. Trump officials say that Mr. Kushner underwent an ideological conversion over the course of the campaign, and that he was particularly affected by the experience of wading into the crowds at Trump rallies. Mr. Kushner projects a very different image from his father and   . He speaks in a   punctuated by long pauses, conveying both intimacy and awkwardness. Unlike most of Mr. Trump’s advisers, Mr. Kushner is unfazed by Mr. Trump’s frequent fits of anger, sitting silently rather than flinching or fighting back when he is being dressed down, several campaign officials have said. The relationship between the two men is relatively uncomplicated. Unlike Mr. Trump’s two eldest sons, Mr. Kushner did not have to live through his   ’s public and messy divorces, and the businesses that he presides over are his own, not part of the Trump Organization. Mr. Trump has described him as a “brilliant young man. ” His quiet manner belies a driving confidence his family’s wealth has allowed him to plunge into new ventures, sometimes stumbling in the process. In his   he took charge of his father’s real estate empire and bought The New York Observer. Much as he once courted the media mogul Rupert Murdoch as a mentor, now that he is immersing himself in politics, he has been seeking the counsel of Henry Kissinger. At the start of the campaign, Mr. Kushner was mostly just along for the ride, keeping his    company at the occasional rally and making the odd phone call to a potential donor on his behalf. His purview was never entirely spelled out, which gave him latitude to exert influence without clear responsibility. He gradually built influence, and by the end of the race, he was seen internally as the de facto campaign manager. He oversaw the creation of the campaign’s $90 million digital operation, including a database of millions of Trump supporters, which was developed by a Texas business that had previously worked on the Trump Organization website. He also brokered important meetings for Mr. Trump, including his   with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, which Mr. Kushner arranged with Ron Dermer, Israel’s ambassador to the United States. “He’s a cool customer,” Mr. Dermer said of Mr. Kushner. Mr. Kushner’s political inexperience was at times evident during the campaign. He told one aide that he did not need to pay for traditional focus groups because he could measure voter reaction from the applause at Mr. Trump’s events. Like his    he ran hot and cold on senior campaign advisers, and played a role in ousting two of them, Corey Lewandowski and Paul Manafort, after their conduct or affiliations made them liabilities. More recently, Mr. Kushner backed away from a member of the transition team he had previously supported, when the man’s work as a lobbyist for foreign governments attracted headlines. Though he is not particularly bookish, Mr. Kushner is an admirer of “The Count of Monte Cristo,” the story of an innocent man seeking vengeance against people who have wronged him. It is a story that feels particularly resonant now: In recent weeks, Mr. Kushner has been able to exact a measure of revenge against his own family’s nemesis, Governor Christie. During the campaign, Mr. Kushner opposed Mr. Christie’s appointment to oversee the transition team, but Mr. Trump overruled him, aides have said. This past week, however, Mr. Kushner helped push Mr. Christie out. Their history dates to 2005, when Mr. Christie, then the United States attorney for New Jersey, sent Mr. Kushner’s father, Charles, to federal prison for tax evasion, witness tampering and illegal campaign donations. The case involved a tawdry family feud: At one point, Charles Kushner sought to blackmail his    who was cooperating with the federal authorities, by hiring a woman to seduce him and videotape the encounter. “This had nothing to do with personalities or individual relationships,” Jason Miller, Mr. Trump’s spokesman, said of Mr. Christie’s departure. “This was purely about putting in the best leadership and the   individuals to form the government that the   wants in place when he’s sworn in on Jan. 20. ” Other Trump officials were critical of Mr. Christie’s performance as transition chief, and said his role had become untenable after the   Bridgegate scandal resulted in the convictions of two former Christie aides days before the election. Mr. Kushner’s work on the campaign took place behind the scenes, with the notable exception of an   article in support of Mr. Trump in July in The Observer. At the time, Mr. Trump was under fire for a Twitter post that included an image of Hillary Clinton with a shape resembling a Star of David next to a pile of cash, the latest in a list of actions by the campaign that struck many as insensitive to Jewish concerns. In defending Mr. Trump, Mr. Kushner told the story of his grandmother’s narrow escape from the Nazis in the Soviet Union during World War II. The article provoked an angry response on Facebook from two estranged cousins, one of whom accused Mr. Kushner of exploiting their family’s history for political purposes. Like Mr. Trump’s children, Mr. Kushner was raised in a privileged environment. He went to a private Jewish school in Livingston, N. J. and attended Harvard after his parents pledged a $2. 5 million gift to the university. Later, he got a joint M. B. A. and law degree from New York University. His wife described him as a “great New Jersey boy,” in a Vogue magazine interview last year. When the couple were married at a Trump golf course in 2009, guests were given white   with the words “Jared” and “Ivanka” on the insoles and a tag reading, “A Great Pair. ” Mr. Kushner had no journalism experience when he purchased The Observer for $10 million in 2006, installing a chess board in his office that former staff members don’t recall ever being used. He found himself presiding over a newspaper of reporters and editors more or less his age, and he responded with solicitousness. “‘This is so great I’m getting to hang around with journalists, and they are really smart,” Nancy Butkus, the paper’s former artistic director, recalled Mr. Kushner saying in a cab packed with Observer employees. As he sought to put his imprint on the paper, his relationship with its veteran editor, Peter Kaplan, quickly soured. “This guy doesn’t know what he doesn’t know,” Mr. Kaplan complained to colleagues at the time. Sustaining declines in print advertising like others in the newspaper industry, The Observer announced this month that it would become a   publication. Mr. Kushner became the public face of his family’s real estate business, Kushner Companies, when his father was sent to prison. In an effort to rehabilitate the family name, the younger Mr. Kushner oversaw a series of transactions geared toward moving holdings out of New Jersey and into New York. The centerpiece was the purchase of a Midtown Manhattan skyscraper for $1. 8 billion. It was then as record price for a New York office building as it turned out, the timing could not have been worse. A couple of years later, in the face of recession, the Kushners were forced to sell a stake in the building to cover a secondary loan on the property. Since then, the real estate market has rebounded the Kushners have acquired $7 billion worth of commercial and residential property over the last decade, according to real estate executives who have been briefed by the Kushners but were not authorized to discuss the matters. Charles Kushner remains an active presence in the business. The company named a new president over the summer as his son, the C. E. O. became increasingly involved in the Trump campaign. Jared Kushner has found a new passion, and his    is counting on him.",0
14440,Herbal tea can help with indigestion and insomnia,"Herbal tea can help with indigestion and insomnia 
Saturday, October 29, 2016 by: David Gutierrez, staff writer Tags: herbal tea , sleep , digestion (NaturalNews) Drinking herbal tea is one of the easiest ways to treat a variety of common health complaints, including indigestion and insomnia. By learning the uses of a handful of medicinal herbs , you can take charge of your health and improve your quality of life.Since they are so easy to prepare and use, herbal teas are among the keystones of natural medicine .""We use a lot of teas to help deliver the health benefits of the herbs,"" says Stephanie Caley of the National Institute of Medical Herbalists (NIMH).While you can purchase premade tea bags for many of the herbs below, you can also make them yourself.""Once you find herbs you like that work for you, it's nice to make your own blends from fresh or dried herbs,"" says nutritionist Amanda Hamilton.""You'll get multiple benefits from the different herbs as well as creating lovely flavours."" Teas for digestion Everyone gets indigestion sometimes, so it can be helpful to have a handful of herbal remedies on hand to provide fast relief. According to Caley, her favorite herbs for gut upsets include chamomile, cardamom, ginger and peppermint.Chamomile functions as both an anti-spasmodic (relaxing the gut) and anti-inflammatory, thus providing broad-spectrum digestive relief. Ginger is particularly good for nausea, a benefit that has been proven in scientific studies. Peppermint is also an antispasmodic, and is so effective that it is sometimes prescribed by doctors as a treatment for irritable bowel syndrome. Cardamom pods should be crushed before steeping, for relief of indigestion and flatulence.Another digestion-promoting herbal tea , not mentioned by Caley, is rooibos. Rooibos calms the digestive system, perhaps due to its high content of the anti-inflammatory quercetin. Ease your mind, improve your sleep Another common complaint is trouble sleeping, which in severe cases may qualify as clinical insomnia. Yet many people who suffer from insomnia do not want to turn to potent and dangerous pharmaceutical drugs. For these people, Caley recommends chamomile, Valerian root, skullcap and lime flowers.Just as chamomile relaxes the gut, it has a tendency to relax the entire body and the mind as well. Caley particularly recommends it as a bedtime drink for ""anxious people,"" as well as for children, who tend to like its mildly sweet flavor. She recommends skullcap for people who tend to be kept awake by ""a mind that's racing.""Use of Valerian root as a sleep promoter has a long history in herbal medicine, and the practice now has some scientific backing as well. A 2002 meta-analysis of 18 studies found that Valerian root is an effective sleep promoter (hypnotic), with few side effects. It is now sold over-the-counter in Norway as a sleep aid.Less well known are lime flowers, which Caley describes as ""very calming."" She notes that some of the volatile oils in lime flowers are believed to bind to the same receptors in the brain as pharmaceutical tranquilizers in the benzodiazepine family.Another remedy, not mentioned by Caley, is the popular beer ingredient hops. Hops is known to promote sleep and to ease stress and anxiety. Other medicinal benefits of hops include easing indigestion, headaches and fever.Another herb that can reduce stress and promote sleep if taken at bedtime is Withanian somnifera , also known as ashwagandha or winter cherry.Other natural ways to relieve insomnia include getting more exercise, improving your diet and avoiding looking at screens too close to bedtime.Of course, herbal teas can do more for you than just improving your digestion and sleep. Herbs such as nettle and ginseng can boost your energy levels without caffeine, while chamomile, peppermint, lavender, rose petals and lemon balm can all help balance your mood and relieve stress, anxiety and depression. Sources for this article include:",0
14441,American Refugees crash Canadian Immigration Web Site,"Thursday, 10 November 2016 Americans by the millions are grabbing whatever they can and moving en masse to the Canadian border 
Hot on the trail of Emperor OctoTrumpus destruction of American democracy the Canadians have offered to accept US refugees. 
The Earth Defense League lead by Kirk, Spock, Mulder and Skywalker have abandoned the Fleet and are coordinating what could potentially be the largest mass migration in the history of the human species. The Clinton Dynasty are said to be leading the charge offering everyone free food and water when they join them on the Trail of Tears historic route. 
Many of the minorities are said to be afraid of the reprisals from voting democrat from the new Neo-Nazi regime and have taken the historically extraordinary step of abandoning their homes and heading off for a better place to live. 
The Emperor SpokesSpinner has welcomed the mass exodus but state they will not be permitted to take any cash or belongings more than 1 suitcase each. We are happy they are leaving as it saves us the problem of deporting them, but any possessions over a single suitcase will be confiscated at the border. 
They have also authorised and financed vigilante groups to use them for target practice, ahead of the expected Muslim and minority purge. The Emperor says it should be a lot of fun, just like the buffalo hunts of yesteryear, but in an act of what they are calling compassion they are not permitting the shooting of children under 7 years old. ""This will dramatically reduce the number of democrats and save a lot of money of getting re-elected"", bragged Trumphole Predator Junior, ""though we are also thinking of banning any future elections"". 
They had better get out before the wall is built otherwise we will have to go through all the fuss of shooting and burying them the administration complained. 
Bill Clinton doing his now famous trademark grim face remarked ""it seems to be some sort of delayed bad karma from Andrew Jackson"", who he considered one of the 3 worst US Presidents. ""It was quite an irony that it was the supposed civilised society that persecuted the Cherokees but this time it was the savages that had won"". Make Jung in the Jungle's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
14442,TREASON: This Election Fraud Goes All the Way TO THE TOP! | Bill Holter,"Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » TREASON: This Election Fraud Goes All the Way TO THE TOP! | Bill Holter 
JS Mineset’s Bill Holter is back to help document the collapse. Bill says that the United States is becoming a banana republic right before our eyes. As Donald Trump recently stated, “The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure. We’ve seen this firsthand with the Wikileaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret, with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty. The Clintons are criminals.” And still, the CIA mockingbird media targets Trump while giving Clinton a free pass. The fix is in.",0
14443,Amy Adams on Eyes That Deceive - The New York Times,"Amy Adams has received five Oscar nominations and this year is poised to land her sixth, for her performance in Denis Villeneuve’s “Arrival,” a stirring   drama about a linguist and mother tasked with communicating with aliens. She also stars as an unhappy Hollywood gallerist in Tom Ford’s “Nocturnal Animals. ” Ms. Adams sat down with the Bagger for a brief chat on, of all days, Nov. 9. Ms. Adams steered clear of politics  —   “it’s a time for reflection,” is all she would say  —   but confessed to having slept little the night before. She spoke about what she describes as “the blank nature of my face” and the unexpected joy of not preparing to get naked onscreen in front of Mr. Ford. Here are edited excerpts from the conversation. At the beginning of your career you were known for more joyful roles, but in these two movies, these are somber and even, in the case of “Nocturnal Animals,” tortured women. Do you feel like there’s a natural evolution to that? Definitely. It takes you to a more reflective place, as you get older. Before I was just sort of working to find a niche, and now it feels like I’m taking roles with more intention. I feel more in control of my instrument, so I feel like, ‘Yeah, let’s do that, let’s try different things. ” Let’s take, and I say [here she made air quotes] risks, because at the end of the day I’m only risking humiliation. I’m not really risking my life or anything. Yet you’re very vulnerable you can see it in your eyes. You’re known for that, this sort of naked thing. The thing is, my eyes photograph on camera really big. I don’t know if it’s the color, the shape. The sort of blank nature of my face. I have one of those faces, without makeup, it’s literally a gesso canvas. On my flight, the steward came up and said, “I kept thinking I knew you from somewhere!” He only recognized me after he heard my voice. That must be nice, being able to slip by unnoticed in everyday life. I love it, I get to be a mama. I get to navigate the world for the most part. You said you initially felt not  much of a connection with the role, until you had a conversation with Denis about what the core of the story was about. Can you talk about that? I think I was more concerned [with] how it would play in the final film. I knew that it was going to be   and that it was written as a very intimate portrayal of a mother telling a very complicated, scientific, nuanced story to her daughter, about the decisions she made. It just felt commercially risky. But Denis was onboard. And I could tell from the way he spoke that he had this emotional, he had an intellectualism. That’s probably not the word. For someone who plays a linguist it takes me a long time to find the right word. Emotional intelligence? There it is. That’s what I’m looking for. This is what today has done to me. [Denis] has an emotional intelligence that I trusted when I met him. He looks you in the eyes. I trust that.  “Nocturnal Animals” came after that and you wore these gorgeous   clothes. Were you able to eat at all? I did get to, which was nice, especially for the scenes when I was younger, because I wanted my face to look younger [by looking more rounded]. You know films shoot out of order. One night, they said, “Can we shoot the shower and bathtub scene?” And I was like, “You gotta give me time. I’m still on solids!” I say that as a joke. But it made me more    because I hadn’t spent all this time thinking about what I needed to look like. You’ve been nominated for Oscars five times  —   is it stressful going through the whole process again and again? It’s easy to get caught up, not in the nominations  —   not in the   aspect of it, but just in everything that it becomes. The red carpets and the overimportance. It’s easy for that to sort of take center stage in that moment, especially when you’re a young woman. For me, it definitely at times is overwhelming, that whole process. But I’m always grateful because the nomination for “Junebug” and campaigning launched what is my current career. So I can’t   the process.",0
14444,The Best Mayor in Lima´s History,"DISPATCHES FROM DANIEL ESPINOSA working to defeat the Big Lie in all its forms A s the Shipibo community living in Lima loses the very little they have to fire, Luis Castañeda, self-appointed “Best Mayor in Lima’s History”, breaks his typical silence only briefly, to improvise some of the usual lies. His silence has worked well in the past. Despite having participated in the infamous “Comunicore” case in his first term as mayor of Lima, back in 2006 -where millions of Peruvian Soles, intended to pay the cities’ debts with a contractor, were diverted to a mysterious company with ties to cocaine trafficking- his popularity has always been around a fairly decent 60% percent. ( http://gestion.pe/politica/pese-denuncias-crece-popularidad-castaneda-2173916 ) ABOVE: LIMA—Shipiba community in CantaGallo. It’s been about a year that the authorities offered to relocate them, but so far the government ha snot made good on its promises. (Photo credit: Alessandro Currarino / El Comercio) This is probably his best accomplishment: having been able not only to avoid jail but to earn a second term as Mayor. But Peruvians are short-sighted when it comes to our politicians’ obvious venality (we also elected Alan García Pérez for President twice), and as the popular slogan goes, as long as he develops some visible infrastructure, some public works, for the city, he can very well steal money with impunity. (“ Roba pero hace obras ”) The superfluous Shipibos Luis Castañeda (l), and Jose Pinheiro (El Comercio) The community arrived at Lima by the turn of this century, some of them invited by ex-president Toledo to participate in the popular marches to oust Fujimori from the presidency (2001), others to support their children, some of them studying in Lima, or just looking for better opportunities. Having no means to go back to the Peruvian rainforest in Ucayali, many Shipibo families established themselves near the Rímac River, in the island of Cantagallo, right in the center of Lima’s most traditional district, where they built precarious housing and started to earn a living by selling the products of their craftsmanship, without asking for anything but basic services. After more than a decade getting used to the extreme differences of living in an overcrowded and polluted city like Lima, and standing in the way of municipal construction works, (Castañeda´s favorite projects involve hundreds if not thousands of tons of concrete) they finally asked for relocation when they got fed-up with the noise and started to get sick from the clouds of dust coming from the construction sites. In a stroke of luck, this happened when Castañeda was leaving office to make an attempt at becoming President of Peru. The new Mayor, Susana Villarán, was more open to the communities’ plight. She decided to dedicate a sum of money from the ongoing project affecting the community, ‘Río Verde’ (‘Green River’), to relocate them to a different district, and in agreement with the leaders of the community, closed a deal that, only a couple years later, Castañeda decided not to honor. During the first year of Castañeda’s second term as Mayor, his deputies assured the community that everything was still going as planned, this was in April 2015. Right after that, the commune went “mute”, as Limeños have nicknamed their mayor for his reluctance to respond for the many scandals he has been involved in, or establishing open channels to communicate his decisions. Receiving the silence treatment by the authority responsible for their relocation, which, as law demands, also promised to share with them the documents regarding the advancement of the project, they approach the judiciary to start a long and Kafkaesque set of procedures, stating also that: “…some officials show a paternalistic and disrespectful attitude toward us and the people protecting our rights. We are not going to accept this behavior in the next meetings, as we believe in dialogue and respect among peers as a necessity for arriving to a solution. We are being patient despite the terrible toll, both physical and psychological, we are suffering because of the construction works…” ( https://www.facebook.com/limashipibo/posts/895889667140366 ) T his is the kind of treatment native communities suffer in Peru, as they not only contribute very little to the capitalist agenda driving our society, but often stand against the wholesale extractive policies in their ancestral lands. In recent years more than a hundred activists have been murdered, most of them in Honduras, Brazil and Peru. In the scheme where all resources must be exploited, native communities are regarded as “superfluous” —a nagging anachronism—in the way to economic progress and material profit by corporations and politicians. Some Peruvian journalists protect this kind of politician with the usual hypocritical rhetoric about public moneys being used to fund social projects, something outrageous (yet normal) for mainstream journalists who have forgotten any sense of duty towards the voiceless, but remain fierce defenders of the rights of capital. As anyone with an idea of what propaganda is, or how it works would clearly see, these journalists are chosen because they can incorporate the principles of capitalism and the right of “second class citizens” to participate in our democracies as cheap labor force, or not at all. Most of these journalists have no other talent than an outstanding tolerance for institutionalized inequality and racism, the kind of character trait some mainstream media seem to look for in their employees: “…you were not born in Lima, ¿isn´t it? You came from somewhere else, ¿what for? It’s as if people from Lima went to Ucayali. I can´t go there and just grab public precincts,” mumbled the renowned homophobe and radio host Phillip Butters, living in a city of almost ten million people, most of them migrants from Peruvian provinces (and being himself one!) who came with very little and “grabbed” public premises to build their homes. ( http://larepublica.pe/sociedad/819211-phillip-butters-genera-polemica-en-las-redes-sociales-por-su-comentario-sobre-shipibos-de-cantagallo ) Shipibo traditional garments. The Shipibo community is poor, they lack representation in Peruvian politics and “The Best Mayor in Lima’s History” have very little to gain by relocating them or even listening to their plight. As other communities from the Amazon rainforest, they survive through their own talent. Most houses in the Cantagallo shantytown are also independent workshops where the Shipibos make all sorts of traditional handicrafts to sell in their own market. They value their culture above everything else, which among many other principles, leans toward self-sufficiency, creating all the things they need by themselves, and aren’t very adept at finding corporate jobs or asking for bank loans, as most people in Lima are. Also in ashes now, they built a bilingual school for their children. Nothing to gain here I t might be useful to understand the logic behind some of Peru’s officials, in this case, the only benefit Castañeda could attempt to win would be publicity, as a mean to strengthening his already fair popularity. But now that ship has sailed. Even more, some argue that the Shipibos were standing in the way of big profits, as the value of the land where they were being relocated adds up to almost five millions dollars. We are talking about a Mayor who overprices public works, urbanization, and city infrastructure, and who has had shady associations with local and foreign contractors, a fact recently uncovered in another case of corruption involving Brazilian construction companies and Peruvian politicians. (The ‘OAS’ Case: https://idl-reporteros.pe/el-correo-delator-1/ ) So it is that the site destined for the relocation by former Mayor Villarán, was covertly sold by the commune without sharing this detail with the community, as journalist Daniel Yovera revealed a day before the fire ( http://rosamariapalacios.pe/2016/11/05/castenada-vendio-terreno-de-los-shipibos/ ). The money, originally earmarked for them and their children’s well-being, went back to the original construction project, instead of to the fund put aside in first place, specifically for the Shipibo’s new home, taking them back to where they started. As the OAS case revealed (IDL Reporteros, 10/19/16) one of Castañeda’s representatives was already planning to cancel the project “Río Verde” even before he started his second term as Mayor. The President of OAS, Jose A. Pinheiro, was arrested two days after the telephone conversation regarding the cancelation of the project, for crimes in Brazil related to fraudulent concessions in construction works, which means the law applies, somewhere. In the ashes of Cantagallo As the fire is extinguished in Cantagallo, four hundred Shipibo families have lost everything, and Castañeda keeps talking through deputies and press aides, only coming out of his “muteness” to blame the former Mayor, although everything indicates this time he won´t be able to dodge his responsibility for his crimes of negligence by giving Lima the silent treatment. As Limeños gather food, water and other supplies for the Shipibos, the outrage against Castañeda grows, while marches are being organized in protest. The Shipibos are not leaving Cantagallo, despite the fact that now it represents no more than the ashes of their past, and the memories of loss and indifference. They are afraid they will lose this patch of land near the Rímac River if they leave, and dislike the idea of moving to the cluster of tents pitched for them by a commune they distrust. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Associate Editor Daniel Espinosa Winder (34) lives in Caraz, a small city in the Andes of Peru. He graduated in Communication Sciences in Lima and started researching mainstream media and more specifically, propaganda. His writings are a often a critique of the role of mass media in our society. Daniel also serves as Editorial Director for TGP’s Spanish Language edition. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
14445,Hillary Clinton Says Russia Used Hacking ‘to Great Effect’ in Her Defeat - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton left no doubt on Thursday that she believes Russia contributed to her defeat by interfering in the election, condemning what she called Moscow’s “weaponization of information. ” “I didn’t fully understand how impactful that was,” Mrs. Clinton said at a women’s conference in New York. She said she was convinced that intrusions into Democratic Party leaders’ emails were carried out by Russian hackers under orders from President Vladimir V. Putin and aided by   online trolls and social media bots to spread disinformation. “It is something that Putin has used inside Russia, outside Russia to great effect,” Mrs. Clinton said, and she called for an independent investigation into Russian involvement. “I’m hopeful that the Congress will pull together and realize that because of the success the Kremlin feels it’s had they’re not going to go away,” Mrs. Clinton said. “So whatever party you are, whatever business you run, whatever concerns you have, if we don’t take action together to hold whoever was involved accountable, they will be back time and time again. ” Mrs. Clinton made the remarks at the Women in the World conference in Manhattan, where she was interviewed by the New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof before an audience of about 3, 000 people. It was her first extensive interview since her loss in November to Donald J. Trump. She did not stint on criticism of the Trump White House. “I don’t take any pleasure in seeing the kind of chaotic functioning” of the current administration, Mrs. Clinton said. “Here’s what I don’t understand  —   I don’t understand the commitment to hurt so many people that this administration, this White House, seems to be pursuing. ” Women in particular, she said, are under attack by Mr. Trump’s policies. “The targeting of women  —   which is what’s going on  —   is absolutely beyond any political agenda,” Mrs. Clinton said, pointing in particular to the State Department’s move to defund the United Nations Population Fund, among other programs. She criticized efforts to strip maternity care and other treatments from Republicans’ failed bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. “They had not a clue what that meant,” she said. “I don’t know if any of them had ever even read the bill. ” She also noted that it was mostly men who were behind the push to curtail women’s health benefits. “The things that come out of some of these men’s mouths  —   like, ‘Why do we have to cover maternity care? ’” she said with a laugh. “Well I don’t know, maybe you were dropped by immaculate conception?” She said Mr. Trump’s two attempts at ordering travel bans aimed at people from a handful of predominantly Muslim countries had “really sent a chilling effect across the world to not just Muslims, but to all kinds of people who said, ‘Wait a second, don’t you still have Lady Liberty in the New York Harbor? ’” Mrs. Clinton, in an unvarnished dig at the president, noted that Mr. Putin “shook my hand” when they met, a reference to Mr. Trump’s failure to shake the hand of Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. Mrs. Clinton seemed to dismiss rumors that she would some day run for New York City mayor, saying that while she had a lot of work to do, “I don’t think that will include ever running for office again. ” She was occupied, she said, with the unfinished business of the last century  —   “the rights and opportunities for women and girls. ” “I think I have a lot to do,” she said. She said she was puzzled by the fact that she was popular as secretary of state under President Barack Obama, according to polls at the time she left that job, but unpopular as a candidate. “Well, what happened?” she said. “Oh my gosh, by the time they finished with me, I was Typhoid Mary. ” The difference, she said, was that as secretary, “it was a job that I was asked to do by a man. ” As a presidential candidate, she was propelled by her own ambition, a quality, she said, that studies show is seen as unappealing in a woman. Mrs. Clinton said she was at work on a book that would delve deeply into the events leading up to the election, including the decision by the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, to release a letter about the investigation into her emails so close to Election Day. Her life now? “As a person, I’m O. K.,” she said. “As an American, I’m very worried. ”",0
14446,Let’s Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3,"By Michael Snyder, End of the American Dream . 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as “dangerous” and “temperamental”, because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are “going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton”… 
On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.” 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
“I wouldn’t put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” Clapper said, speaking with CBS’ Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria “would require us to go to war” … 
“Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That’s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I’m not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn’t for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no “humanitarian crisis” in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won’t have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
“Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,” Putin said. 
“Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,” Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America’s troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
“The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,” said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren’t aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin’s Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war.",0
14447,"Aspartame Corporation Searle Created First Birth Control Pill: American Eugenics and Big Pharma, a History",By Cassius Kamarampi (Era of Wisdom) Did you know that Aspartame-producing corporation Searle also manufactured the first birth control pill? After Donald Rumsfeld was Secretary of State under Gerald... ,0
14448,The War on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is Illegally Occupied,The Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem (Pixabay),0
14449,"Matteo Renzi, Oakland, Aleppo: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • Matteo Renzi, the Italian prime minister, said he would resign after voters rejected constitutional changes he backed, intensifying the populist wave crashing through the European Union. If early elections occur next year, 2017 may shape up to be a seminal year in the E. U.’s history. France, Germany and the Netherlands will go to the polls with strong euroskeptic candidates in the running. Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, is widely revered as a kind of white knight among new nationalists on both sides of the Atlantic. “Viva Trump, viva Putin, viva la Le Pen” was one Italian   politician’s reaction to Sunday’s vote. _____ • In Austria, voters defied the   populist wave by selecting Alexander Van der Bellen, 72, a former Green Party leader, as their next president. The election of the   Mr. Van der Bellen ends a bitter yearlong campaign, which had pitted him against Norbert Hofer, a leader of the   Freedom Party. _____ •   Donald J. Trump renewed his hard line on American companies that plan to move operations to other countries, warning of a coming tax of 35 percent on goods moved “back across the border” to be sold. One of Mr. Trump’s signature ideas  —   slapping high tariffs on Chinese imports  —   would raise costs for European companies. Our reporters traced the ripple effects such a move would have on the global supply chain. The Trump family’s international business empire and those who have interacted with him and his children create a web of complications. _____ • Mr. Trump’s freewheeling phone calls to world leaders are upending decades of diplomacy. The   is broadening the field of candidates for secretary of state as his transition team remains divided over how to fill the most prominent gap in his prospective cabinet. _____ • The Obama administration ended a major standoff with thousands of Native Americans and their supporters over an oil pipeline. The Army Corps of Engineers said that it would not approve permits for a section near a Sioux reservation in the Dakotas that tribal leaders said would threaten water supplies and sacred sites. _____ • “Long live Fidel!” thousands of people cried along a   route to the cemetery in eastern Cuba where Fidel Castro’s ashes were interred.. Here is a selection of images from his half a century in power, which left a complicated legacy of transformation and turmoil. _____ • In Italy, the referendum’s outcome will likely postpone, if not derail, plans to restructure Monte dei Paschi di Siena, the country’s most troubled bank. • Eurozone finance ministers hope to reach a compromise on Greek debt relief. • Big banks, including Credit Suisse, are putting the world’s rain forests in peril by providing loans to companies linked to deforestation and forest burning in Southeast Asia. • “Football Leaks,” an investigation by European news outlets, detailed how prominent soccer players appeared to have avoided paying taxes. And here’s a look at how Panama is trying to shed its image as a tax haven after the Panama Papers revelations. • Taxi drivers in Romania are set to boycott the Bucharest airport to protest the growing presence of the Uber   service. • The euro fell against the dollar. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Oakland, Calif. the death toll rose to 33 after a blaze tore through a warehouse hosting a musical event, one of the deadliest structure fires in the United States in years. [The New York Times] • Britain’s Supreme Court will begin hearing the government’s challenge to a court ruling that requires it to seek parliamentary approval to start the process of leaving the European Union. [Reuters] • Prosecutors begin closing arguments in the genocide trial of the former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic. [Reuters] • Mainstream publishers, other than those deemed   have so far been untouched by the crackdown in Turkey, unlike journalists, teachers and lawyers. [The New York Times] • Two of Africa’s longest rules are ending. Yahya Jammeh, who led Gambia for 22 years, was ousted in an election, and José Eduardo dos Santos, who ruled Angola for almost four decades, said he would soon step down. [Quartz] • Syrian government troops now control about half of what had been for years a rebels’ enclave in Aleppo. The United Nations Security Council votes today on a draft resolution that would demand a   truce. [The New York Times] • New York’s Metropolitan Opera is performing an opera written by a woman for the first time in more than 100 years. Here, we offer a playlist of other female composers, who are often overlooked. • Lapo Elkann, the   Fiat heir, was enjoying a comeback when he was arrested after a sordid story of drugs, an escort and faking his own kidnapping. • Soccer update: Real Madrid tied Barcelona thanks to a late goal. Roma pounced on two Lazio mistakes. • In the Upper Engadin, a section of the Swiss Alps, art galleries have emerged as an   alternative. • And here’s a taste of culinary archaeology: the torta tenerina, found on menus in Ferrara, Italy, is a simple cake with an almost creamy interior, and it could well be the ancestor of all “flourless” chocolate cakes. The decision by the American   maker Carrier to keep some jobs from being relocated to Mexico comes as its industry faces scrutiny over pollution. A recent global accord will curb hydrofluorocarbons, a chemical common in most   that contributes to global warming. So the race is on to find greener alternatives as demand for   rises around the world. At Santa Clara University in California, heating and cooling systems are fueled by rooftop solar panels. And hydrofluoroolefins, an HFC substitute that is more energy efficient, are becoming popular. These technologies probably weren’t on the mind of the American engineer Willis Carrier, above, who paved the way for modern  . In 1902, with cold water and an ammonia compressor, he figured out a way to control air temperature and the moisture in it. Some of  ’s next steps might be a return to the more distant past. In parts of the Middle East, the medieval wind tower is making a comeback. A physics professor has designed a smaller version of the structure, which pulls fresh air into buildings. “We’ve taken a traditional technology,” the professor explains, “and dragged it into the 21st century. ” Giovanni Russonello contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
14450,Las Vegas May Become the New Amsterdam,"Las Vegas May Become the New Amsterdam 11/07/2016 
HIGH TIMES 
Nevada already has legal brothels, round-the-clock casinos and a coy catchphrase declaring that “what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.” If voters approve, the state could soon add another vice in the form of recreational marijuana. 
A proposal on the Nov. 8 state ballot would legalize pot, and entrepreneurs hope its passage could someday allow the drug at Las Vegas’ glamorous nightclubs and perhaps provide the framework for a future Amsterdam-style cannabis district. 
“I really think this would be the third-largest market in the country,” said Derek Peterson, whose company operates medical marijuana dispensaries called Blum. He predicts that only California and New York would offer a bigger customer base than Las Vegas and its 42 million tourists a year. “I think it should be able to fit in really well with the whole dayclub/nightclub thing.” 
Nevada has allowed medical marijuana since 2000, and Peterson sees recreational pot as an alternative for visitors tired of cocktails that can top $15 apiece and inflict hangovers. But before waitresses begin delivering high-grade marijuana at clubs along the Las Vegas Strip, weed proponents will have to win over not just voters, who narrowly support the initiative in polls, but a risk-averse casino industry. 
The Nevada Resort Association came out against the measure, pointing to an opinion from gambling regulators that casino owners should avoid the marijuana industry because the substance remains illegal under federal law. Las Vegas Sands owner Sheldon Adelson has bankrolled most of the opposition, pouring $2 million of his fortune into a campaign that raises the possibility that small children could become intoxicated from candy-like marijuana edibles. 
Adelson also has contributed $1.5 million in Arizona and Massachusetts, a significant share of all anti-marijuana donations there. 
Adelson, whose son died of a drug overdose and whose wife is a doctor specializing in drug addiction, has donated millions toward efforts to defeat medical marijuana proposals in Florida and other states in years past. 
Other casino operators have joined the fray, but to a lesser extent. 
In spite of its libertine reputation, the rigorously regulated casino industry is known to err on the conservative side to avoid scandalizing the middle-aged tourists who are its bread and butter. 
“I don’t know that this is a game changer in terms of tourism,” Virginia Valentine, president of the Nevada Resort Association, said of marijuana’s potential. “We’re really known for other things. You may attract people or turn them off.” 
The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, which promotes Sin City’s amenities to the world, is neutral on the issue. 
Clyde Barrow, a gambling expert who chairs the political science department at the University of Texas-Rio Grande Valley, suggests the donations may indicate the casino companies are acting in their own best interests. 
“The marijuana industry is emerging as another form of recreation and entertainment. Given the casino industry’s difficulties attracting millennials, marijuana is probably perceived as a direct competitor with casinos for entertainment dollars,” he said. “Another reason is that legalized marijuana competes with alcohol, and, to that extent, competes with the food and beverage sales at casinos.” 
There’s no solid state-sponsored research on how legal recreational marijuana has affected tourism in places that have legalized it, although both sides point to Colorado to make their case. 
Pro-marijuana interests cite a state study that found Colorado set an all-time tourism record in 2015, capping a fifth year of growth. It’s unclear how much of that is due to weed, and how much can be chalked up to other factors, such as good snow in recent years relative to competing ski states. 
Marijuana opponents refer to a report from the Visit Denver tourism bureau that logged increasing complaints about panhandling and open marijuana consumption in the city’s downtown corridor. 
“Denver is losing visitors and valuable convention business as a result of these overall safety (or perception of safety) issues,” the report said. “We fear not being able to brand Denver away from this growing reputation.” 
Nevada’s ballot initiative would not allow municipalities to put blanket bans on marijuana, as Colorado does. But it would bar consumption in buildings that are open to the public and permit local governments to restrict the locations of marijuana dispensaries and related businesses. It effectively blocks people from growing their own by banning the practice within 25 miles of a licensed marijuana store.",0
14451,"Megyn Kelly May Get NBC Morning Show, Shaking Up ‘Today’ - The New York Times","NBC is looking to place its new star Megyn Kelly in the morning hours. Ms. Kelly, who announced this month that she was leaving Fox News for NBC, will start at the network in May, and plans are beginning to take shape for her new show, two people briefed on the discussions said Friday. Ms. Kelly is being considered for a time slot at 9 or 10 a. m. for a show that is expected to begin in the fall. If she moves to 10 a. m. the popular fourth hour of “Today,” hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb, will move to 9 a. m. One thing that is known for sure: The current iteration of the third hour of “Today,” hosted by Tamron Hall and Al Roker, will be a thing of the past once Ms. Kelly’s show begins. Ms. Kelly’s apparent move to the morning, which Variety reported earlier, removes her from the tricky minefield of syndicated daytime TV. Other TV news hosts, including Jane Pauley, Meredith Vieira and Katie Couric, have tried their hand at the format and failed. That was one of the reasons that NBC initially planned to make Ms. Kelly’s show a straight news show because other anchors could not make it work, the network saw no reason to try that strategy again. But in recent weeks, NBC executives have had more of an open mind over what direction her show should take: There have been discussions about whether it should be softer in focus than what was originally discussed, one person briefed on the plans said. They also have not decided whether Ms. Kelly’s show will be branded as part of the “Today” show. If Ms. Kelly locked up the 9 a. m. hour, it would also set up an intriguing battle royal that would pit her against another longtime morning host, ABC’s Kelly Ripa. The 9 a. m. hour for “Today” has long been a tricky proposition for NBC: Facing formidable competition against Ms. Ripa’s “Live With Kelly,” the network has tried a number of solutions, including bringing in Billy Bush last year. Shortly after Mr. Bush was brought in to host, he was let go after the infamous “Access Hollywood” recording of him and Donald J. Trump was released in October. Mr. Roker will continue to work on the early parts of “Today. ” And Ms. Hall, who is in contract negotiations with the network, will continue to host her MSNBC show and is also expected to make appearances on “Today. ” There are no concrete plans yet for the Sunday night newsmagazine show that NBC plans to have Ms. Kelly host, the people said. Fox News has not missed a beat since Ms. Kelly left her 9 p. m. time slot. Tucker Carlson, who replaced Ms. Kelly this month, has seen big ratings gains in the busy news weeks since his debut.",0
14452,Supreme Court Strikes Down Ban on ’Racially Disparaging’ Trademarks - Breitbart,"The Supreme Court affirmed the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Monday, holding that a law prohibiting “disparaging” trademarks violates the First Amendment. [The unanimous Court in Matal v. Tam struck down a provision of the Lanham Act, the main law on trademarks, that barred the Patent and Trademark Office from issuing any trademark protections to marks that “may disparage   …     persons, living or dead, institutions, beliefs, or national symbols, or bring them into contempt, or disrepute. ”  This case concerned a rock band called the “The Slants,” a reference to the racial slur for Asians. When Simon Tam, the band’s   frontman, tried to register his group’s name with the trademark office, he was told he could not get a valid trademark because the name was offensive to Asians. Before the Court, Tam’s attorneys argued that his intention was to “reclaim” the term “slants” and subvert its offensive potential. The   provision, 15 USC §1052( a) has rarely had any practical effect, but has come to public notice in recent years as   advocates and public officials sought to use it to invalidate “offensive” trademarks. Most prominently, the Washington Redskins football team, who have twice had their trademark protections revoked for having a name that “disparages” American Indians. Writing for the Court, Justice Samuel Alito reasoned that the entire purpose behind the provision rendered it facially unconstitutional. “It offends a bedrock First Amendment principle: Speech may not be banned on the ground that it expresses ideas that offend,” he wrote. In contravention of this principle, the Patent and Trademark Office devised a test to determine whether a trademark was too offensive for the federal government to protect. If a “substantial composite, although not necessarily a majority, of the referenced group would find the proposed mark . . . to be disparaging in the context of contemporary attitudes,” the trademark could not be registered. This test, by disfavoring a certain subset of speech specifically on the view it expressed, constituted “viewpoint discrimination,” a fundamental limit on government’s power to regulate private speech. The provision was not saved by the government’s arguments that trademark protection was a matter of “government speech” or was a “subsidy” over which the first Amendment did not apply in its broadest sense. “If private speech could be passed off as government speech by simply affixing a government seal of approval, government could silence or muffle the expression of disfavored viewpoints,” the opinion reads: Holding that the registration of a   converts the mark into government speech would constitute a huge and dangerous extension of the   doctrine, for other systems of government registration (such as copyright) could easily be characterized in the same way. A concurring opinion by Justice Anthony Kennedy and joined by the Court’s more liberal justices, called the policy “the essence of viewpoint discrimination,” and determined there was no need to even consider the government speech and subsidy arguments. The same law was held unconstitutional on the same grounds by an en banc panel of the Federal Circuit in 2015. The government, then represented by   Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, petitioned to the Supreme Court in a last attempt to save the law. Monday’s ruling by the nations highest court cements the end of the seldom enforced provision.",0
14453,Vladimir Putin Condemns Europe for Upholding Child Rape (Video) - Ricky Twisdale,"Bias bashers Vladimir Putin Condemns Europe for Upholding Child Rape (Video) 
The Russian president voiced his disgust at a decayed and immoral culture which has overtaken the West Print ""A society that cannot defend its children today, has no tomorrow"" 
Ah, Vienna. A city that conjures up many delightful images. The world's finest coffee and strudel. Cafes where the waiters still address you as ""Mein Herr"" and they haven't changed the decor since the 19th century. The world's greatest music: Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms. A city of beauty and grandeur, echoes of an empire of a former age. 
And today, a city where Muslim ""refugees"" are allowed to rape 10 year old boys in public toilets. 
The Independent reports : 
A man who raped a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Austria has had his conviction overturned after judges found he may have believed the child consented. 
Police said the 20-year-old Iraqi refugee, who has not been named, assaulted his victim in a toilet cubicle at the Theresienbad swimming pool in Vienna on 2 December last year. 
The child reported the rape to a lifeguard and his attacker was arrested at the scene, reportedly telling officers in initial interviews that he was experiencing a “sexual emergency” after not having sex in four months. Theresienbad.jpg Vienna's historic pools are not safe anymore 
The ""sexual emergency"" experienced by the rapefugee was apparently similar to the one experienced by 2,000 rapefugees in the German city of Cologne on New Year's Eve 2016, when they publicly raped 1,200 German women as emasculated German men and police stood by and watched. 
Apparently some of the women were merely groped. The German government was appalled. That's why it decided to produce an illustrated manual teaching the refugees how to rape German women properly next time around. 
Not to be outdone, Austria has now decided to join its German brethren in refusing to defend even children from homosexual rape - as long as the children ""consent"": 
[O]n Thursday, Austria’s Supreme Court overturned the rape conviction and ordered a re-trial on the charge. 
[...] Supreme Court judges ruled that the first court should have established whether the attacker thought his victim agreed to a sexual act and intended to act against the boy’s will. 
We are in fact now witnessing the violent death of western civilization. It is bad enough that Europe is being inundated by hordes of invaders of a culture, religion, and ethnicity totally incompatible with the West, but most reprehensible of all is the total lack of any will to resist on the part of Europeans themselves, and especially their governments (with notable exceptions, such as the Hungarians). Far from it - they even take active steps to encourage and accommodate the invaders. 
But we all know the real threat to Europe is not from millions of barbaric non-European rapefugees, it's from Russia and Vladimir Putin. Ask Poland. Or Lithuania. Russia is hell, and Putin is the devil. Here's what the devil himself had to say about this incident: 
The Russian president said: 
[...] I can't get through my head what they are thinking over there [in Europe]. This is a result of the dilution of national traditions and values. I can't even explain the rationale. Is it a sense of guilt towards the migrants?...A society that cannot defend its children today, has no tomorrow. It has no future. 
Putin also noted that Russia as a state, has encompassed multiple ethnicities and cultures for over 1000 years, and that unlike Europe, it has a proven track record of managing inter-ethnic relations. 
Despite the presence of a vocal liberal minority, the great majority of Russians agree with their leader that if these are the kind of ""European values"" the West has on offer, it is better to remain the ""backward"" conservative society that continually draws the unfettered ire of liberal paragons in Europe and America. 
The only question is whether eastern European nations such as Ukraine, Georgia, and Poland - which are in their inherent culture and moral outlook far more similar to Russia than to the modern Germans, Americans, and French - will come to their senses in time to save themselves from the cultural rot devouring the core of the societies with which they are presently so enamored.",0
14455,Was Your Dog Walked? Your Phone Can Show You - The New York Times,"SEATTLE  —   Some parents find peace of mind in the   features in smartphones that let them keep tabs on their children. There are also the dog owners who can rest easy knowing that hired dog walkers are doing their job, and that the dogs are doing their business. And then, there is the comfort of tracking your pizza delivery. When Lora Mastrangeli orders one from Pizza Hut every other week, she does not just wait for it. She stalks it. The moment her order leaves the nearest Pizza Hut, about 30 minutes from her home in Plano, Tex. the restaurant sends Ms. Mastrangeli an alert on her smartphone with a link to a map showing an image of a pizza delivery car driving toward her house. Since she knows her driver’s location, she knows precisely when to scoop her two small dogs up and sequester them in a back room to keep them from yapping at the driver. “My husband and I absolutely love it,” said Ms. Mastrangeli, who works in sales for Nordstrom. “We’re walking out the door when he pulls up. ” People were amazed six years ago when the   service Uber let them track the location of their drivers on a   map as they waited for a ride, rather than accepting the vague assurances of taxi dispatchers. Other tech   followed with maps to pinpoint the location of all sorts of things, from shoes to food and the dog walkers. And new services from Comcast and Time Warner Cable allow customers to see the exact location of the cable repairman on the way to the house. The question, of course, is whether maps offer a bit more information but do little to improve underlying problems. Cable companies, for instance, suffer from some of the lowest customer satisfaction levels of any business. Knowing exactly where your cable guy is does little to address complaints about escalating prices. “I’m not sure that’s the root of the problem,” said Frances X. Frei, a professor of service management at Harvard Business School and author of “Uncommon Service,”  a book about customer service. So does tracking your pizza on a map just make you feel better? “It’s pure psychological effect,” said Nicholas Goubert, head of project management at Here, a digital maps company that provides location data to Amazon and other businesses. “Your pizza is not going to come any sooner. But it’s moving. ” Soon UPS, the world’s largest package delivery company, may also begin showing customers exactly where their stuff is. UPS is exploring giving location maps of its familiar brown trucks to customers and could begin a trial of the service within a few months, according to a person briefed on the plan who asked for anonymity because it is still private. Executives at big, established companies concede that their moves are inspired by   businesses like Uber, which have changed what customers expect from all kinds of services. “It brings that visibility and transparency that they’re starting to come to expect with the Ubers and Lyfts,” said Baron Concors, global chief digital officer for Pizza Hut, which began sharing the location of delivery drivers with customers in some markets about six months ago. “There’s a new bar for experience when it comes to delivery and transportation that everyone is going to have to meet. ” The technology behind most of this is not terribly complicated. The maps typically rely on the GPS location provided by, say, a pizza delivery driver’s smartphone and triangulate that with   and cellphone tower signals to pinpoint a location. Companies like Apple, too, have made helicopter parenting easier by letting mothers and fathers track the locations of children through their smartphones. In many cases, companies that provide customers with live tracking information have a practical motivation. The service is intended to eliminate situations when someone misses a knock on the door by stepping into the shower or backyard. A missed delivery or service call is a logistical headache companies want to avoid. “If they have to come back, they lose money,” said Bryan Trussel, chief executive of Glympse, a     in Seattle that is working with companies like Pizza Hut, Comcast and Time Warner. Some companies are going to bizarre lengths to provide greater transparency to customers through maps. Last year, Wag, a   in Los Angeles, introduced the mobile app that includes a live map that shows the pet owner the route of the Wag walker and pooch. Joshua Viner, chief executive of Wag, said the map allows pet owners to verify that their dog is getting the amount of exercise the owner is paying for. “There’s no way to cheat the system,” said Julien LoPresti, who works in sales and operations for a technology company in New York and has used Wag to find walkers for Reptar, his Labrador mix. “It gives you extra confidence. ” In the next month, Wag will go even further by allowing walkers to commemorate where pets relieve themselves by tapping the screens on their smartphones. Corresponding emojis will materialize on the apps of pet owners. “It’s all real time  —   it’s almost like you’re part of the experience,” Mr. Viner said. Comcast was after a different experience when it began letting customers track the locations of technicians last year, part of a much broader initiative to improve customer satisfaction. The company used to have   appointment windows when technicians could arrive at customers’ homes, which confined the customers there for a good chunk of the day. Now Comcast has cut the appointment windows to two hours. “The overall premise is we should always be respecting customers’ time,” said Charlie Herrin, executive vice president of customer experience at Comcast. About 30 minutes before the   window, Comcast sends the customer a notification through the Comcast mobile app giving a narrower,   window when the technician expects to arrive. About 15 minutes before the technician pulls up at the home, Comcast sends a link to a map that shows the vehicle en route. Dr. Frei, the Harvard Business School professor, said customers would be happier if Comcast were more precise with its appointment estimates from the start. “What I’d like them to do is say, ‘We will be there at 3 p. m.,’ and then what I’d like to have happen is they’re there at 3 p. m.,” she said. “I wouldn’t need any transparency. ”",0
14456,Trump Fires Acting Attorney General Who Defied Him - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump fired his acting attorney general on Monday night, removing her as the nation’s top law enforcement officer after she defiantly refused to defend his executive order closing the nation’s borders to refugees and people from predominantly Muslim countries. In an escalating crisis for his    administration, the president declared in a statement that Sally Q. Yates, who had served as deputy attorney general under President Barack Obama, had betrayed the administration by announcing that Justice Department lawyers would not defend Mr. Trump’s order against legal challenges. The president replaced Ms. Yates with Dana J. Boente, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, saying that he would serve as attorney general until Congress acts to confirm Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama. In his first act in his new role, Mr. Boente announced that he was rescinding Ms. Yates’s order. Monday’s events have transformed the confirmation of Mr. Sessions into a referendum on Mr. Trump’s immigration order. Action in the Senate could come as early as Tuesday. Ms. Yates’s order was a remarkable rebuke by a government official to a sitting president, and it recalled the   Saturday Night Massacre in 1973, when President Richard M. Nixon fired his attorney general and deputy attorney general for refusing to dismiss the special prosecutor in the Watergate case. Mr. Boente was sworn in at 9 p. m. according to White House officials, who did not provide details about who performed the ceremony. In a statement, Mr. Boente pledged to “defend and enforce the laws of our country. ” At 9:15 p. m. Ms. Yates received a   letter at the Justice Department that informed her that she was fired. Signed by John DeStefano, one of Mr. Trump’s White House aides, the letter informed Ms. Yates that “the president has removed you from the office of Deputy Attorney General of the United States. ” Two minutes later, the White House officials lashed out at Ms. Yates in a statement issued by Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. “Ms. Yates is an Obama administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration,” the statement said. The firing of Ms. Yates came at the end of a turbulent three days that began on Friday with Mr. Trump’s signing of his executive order. The action stranded travelers around the world, led to protests around the country and created alarm inside the bureaucracy. Ms. Yates, like other senior government officials, was caught by surprise by the executive order and agonized over the weekend about how to respond, two Justice Department officials involved in the weekend deliberations said. Ms. Yates considered resigning but she told colleagues she did not want to leave it to her successor to face the same dilemma. By Monday afternoon, Ms. Yates added to a deepening sense of anxiety in the nation’s capital by publicly confronting the president with a stinging challenge to his authority, laying bare a deep divide at the Justice Department, within the diplomatic corps and elsewhere in the government over the wisdom of his order. “At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities, nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful,” Ms. Yates wrote in a letter to Justice Department lawyers. Mr. Trump’s senior aides huddled together in the West Wing to determine what to do. They decided quickly that her insubordination could not stand, according to an administration official familiar with the deliberations. Among the chief concerns was whether Mr. Sessions could be confirmed quickly by the Senate. After Reince Priebus, the White House chief of staff, received reassurances from Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, that the confirmation was on track, aides took their recommendation to Mr. Trump in the White House residence. The president decided quickly: She has to go, he told them. The official statement from Mr. Spicer accused Ms. Yates of failing to fulfill her duty to defend a “legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States” that had been approved by the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel. “It is time to get serious about protecting our country,” Mr. Spicer said in the statement. He accused Democrats of holding up the confirmation of Mr. Sessions for political reasons. “Calling for tougher vetting for individuals traveling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country. ” Former Justice Department officials said the president’s action would send a deep shudder through an agency that was already on edge as officials anticipated an ideological overhaul once Mr. Sessions takes over. One former senior official said that department lawyers would be unnerved by the firing. Democrats, meanwhile, hailed Ms. Yates as a principled defender of what she thought was right. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said in a statement that the “attorney general should be loyal and pledge fidelity to the law, not the White House. The fact that this administration doesn’t understand that is chilling. ” Mr. Boente has told the White House that he is willing to sign off on Mr. Trump’s executive order on refugees and immigration, according to Joshua Stueve, a spokesman for the United States attorney’s office in Alexandria, Va. where Mr. Boente has served as the top prosecutor since 2015. Mr. Boente, who has been a prosecutor with the Justice Department for 31 years, had no hesitation about accepting the acting attorney general’s job given his “seniority and loyalty” to the department, Mr. Stueve said in a telephone interview on Monday night. As acting attorney general, Ms. Yates was the only person at the Justice Department authorized to sign applications for foreign surveillance warrants. Administrations of both parties have interpreted surveillance laws as requiring foreign surveillance warrants be signed only by   Justice Department officials. Mr. Boente was   as United States attorney and, though the situation is unprecedented, the White House said he was authorized to sign the warrants. Ms. Yates’s decision had effectively overruled a finding by the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel, which had already approved the executive order “with respect to form and legality. ” Ms. Yates said her determination in deciding not to defend the order was broader, however, and included questions not only about the order’s lawfulness, but also whether it was a “wise or just” policy. She also alluded to unspecified statements the White House had made before signing the order, which she factored into her review. Mr. Trump initially responded to the letter with a post on Twitter at 7:45 p. m. complaining that the Senate’s delay in confirming his cabinet nominees had resulted in leaving Ms. Yates in place. The 1973 “Saturday Night Massacre” led to a constitutional crisis that ended when Robert H. Bork, the solicitor general, acceded to Mr. Nixon’s order and fired Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor. Ms. Yates, a career prosecutor, is different because she is a holdover from the Obama administration. She agreed to Mr. Trump’s request to stay on as acting attorney general until Mr. Sessions is confirmed to be attorney general.",0
14457,"‘Today, He Acted Like a Politician’: Voters’ Reactions to Trump’s Speech - The New York Times","President Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night elicited strong responses, and not a small measure of surprise. The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching from either side of the partisan divide. Here are excerpts from their immediate reactions. Rolando Valdes, 63, in sales and marketing for an international logistics company Home: Miami Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: becoming a “  statesman. ” I think it’s the first time he acted presidential, but he has to concentrate on a few items. There are too many things at one time. He will lose the Republican Senate and the House with too many things. With Obamacare and with the tax cuts  —   that should be enough for the first four years. The best thing I liked is when he said we have to take care of the United States first before we do things for other people. The United States has been trying to be all things to all people. In the meantime, we have left our own people behind. I am pumped up. I hope he can do it. There is way too much politics in all of this. And this guy, whether we like him or we don’t, he is the only guy who is an outsider, and today he acted like a politician. It’s a good thing, because we need to get these things done. _____ Susy   54, criminal defense lawyer Home: Miami Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: unrealistic and a ball of contradictions. Who was that unmasked man? I think it sounded great, like a utopia. I don’t think it’s that simple. He’s saying he’s going to do all these wonderful things  —   cut taxes, raise the defense budget. He talks about a great health care system and covering   conditions, and also talks about the disaster of Obamacare. And he talks about saving the jobs of the coal miners, but also increasing natural gas production. It’s one or the other. I think it’s oversimplified. I don’t know that he believes what he is saying. It can’t all be true. It’s simplistic and unrealistic. I did not at all like that there is going to be a victims fund specially for people who are the victims of crime by illegal aliens. Victims of crime are victims of crime no matter how or who. I think that Trump thinks he is a lot greater than he actually is. _____ Hollie Gaudette, 31, real estate agent Home: Manchester, N. H. Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem solver. ” I got goose bumps through a lot of it, but I think the last woman  —   I can’t recall her name, but who lost her husband just a couple weeks ago  —   you see her pain, you can see her pain that was probably a very challenging and emotional moment for her to be there. And at that moment, that whole room came together, and there was support from both sides. That was wonderful to see. That’s what we want to see. The reality is that the   goal is that everyone comes together to move forward and to make progress and improve the quality of life for Americans across the board. It doesn’t matter whether you’re left or right, he’s saying, “I’m here for all Americans, it doesn’t matter what color, race, any of that. ” Even the whole part about immigration, he’s saying we’re going to have a merit system, and we want everyone and anyone to come here and succeed. _____ Charles Lovett, 72, retired administrator in the federal Department of Education Home: Franconia, N. H. Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: “a problem. ” I think it was a pretty good speech for him. He didn’t rage about anything. He didn’t go off message. And so it came across as a coherent speech and it’s intended to be a   agenda. And I think he achieved that. But I think his policies are mistaken in many regards, and I think it comes across in some of the language he used. For example, he said we intend to fight terrorism and win. And there’s an underlying trope or assumption there that one can win militarily, which I don’t think is possible, and I don’t think the military thinks is possible. He spoke of people that were ignored by the media or silenced by special interests, and then he pulled up a bunch of people whose relations have been killed by immigrant felons, and it was to me, I found it a kind of grotesque mischaracterization of the way the country is. I found the seeming rationality and conventionality of the agenda to be disturbing, because I think the underlying beliefs, which I believe are mistaken, will lead to taking apart things and breaking things  —   like alliances, like health care  —   that are easy to take apart but very difficult to put back together. _____ Sandra Wright, 68, retail merchandiser Home: Waterloo, Iowa Voted: for Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: a “total patriot. ” I was very, very impressed with how well he presented himself. I thought he acted and spoke as presidentially as I’ve seen him so far. I was very impressed with what a   speech he had. I think it was very authentic. I think the man’s a true patriot for our country. I liked it very much. I particularly liked his closing remarks. And I was able to reinforce my reasons for voting for him. He didn’t fall into trying to fight back against all the attacks that have been against him and everything. He talked about our country, and he talked about the important issues facing our country. And I think that’s what his job’s all about, and I think he thinks that, too. His job is to represent the U. S. in the world and to protect us and defend us according to our Constitution, and uphold our laws. And I think he’s doing a great job of it, just like I always have. So I loved it. I particularly liked his remarks  —   and his statement, his campaign speeches, his promises to us  —   to preserve our Constitution, to enforce the rule of law as it pertains to illegal immigration, regardless. We have to follow our rules of law in the United States. I’m very impressed with how he realizes that this country is in financial crisis and the only way for us to get back from that is to go back to our American dream times, and work hard and bring manufacturing and those things back to the United States  —   what this country was built on. _____ Liza Kate Boisineau, 38, musician and waitress Home: Richmond, Va. Voted: against Mr. Trump. Thinks he is: arrogant, smug and stubborn. I don’t even know where to start. It was really hard to watch. It started out sounding like he cared a bit. It almost felt a little bit hopeful. I was almost impressed. He maintained a calmness and an air of wanting to bring people together. He did talk a lot about the need for peace and how there should be less conflict. I didn’t understand how he could talk so much about that while wanting to increase military funding so much. Then he talked about a wall and buy American and hire American. It just seemed hypocritical. As soon as he turned to this movement starting in 2016 and him becoming president, that turned me off. It turned me off because that’s just what he’s been spouting for so long now. What is so great about him having been elected? I don’t think he could ever see himself as being wrong, which bothers me.",0
14458,Black American Anti-Imperialism: an Invisible Subject for the New York Times,"Tweet Widget by Bryan K. Bullock 
To read the foreign policy pages of the New York Times is to enter a world of whiteness. “Whites are the only ones who are presumed to have an opinion on such issues that is worth mentioning.” Although Black America is the nation’s most anti-imperial constituency, foreign policy is considered a white preserve. Blacks “serve the function we have always served: subjects of imperialism, scapegoats for repression, but not shapers of foreign policy.” Black American Anti-Imperialism: an Invisible Subject for the New York Times by Bryan K. Bullock 
“From Vietnam through Iraq, African Americans have proved to be the group of Americans most opposed to U.S. military intervention.” 
The October 4, 2016, issue of the New York Times , which contained the article, “Syrian War Magnifies Tension in America’s Global Mission,” is a case study in white supremacy. The article is framed from a totally white “conservative” and “liberal” frame, and completely ignores the perspective of African Americans, who, traditionally, and today, are consistently and overwhelmingly, anti-imperialism and who tend to identify with other Black and Brown people across the globe, including the Palestinians and Syrians. 
The article purports to give “both sides” of the argument for U.S. intervention in the affairs of sovereign nations. The authors of the article give the impression that they are being “balanced” in giving the views of those who support America’s “mission” in the world and those who are “critical” of said “mission.” This false “balance” does not include the perspectives of any African American historians or critics of U.S. foreign policy, like Professor Gerald Horne, Bill Fletcher, Anthony Monteiro, Glen Ford or African (American) scholars like Horace Campbell. In fact, “both sides” of any debate in the U.S. regarding foreign policy, are both white “sides.” This is particularly true when it comes to U.S. foreign policy, where whites are the only ones who are presumed to either have an opinion on such issues, or one that is worth mentioning. 
It is true that “both sides” could include Blacks who adhere to the Eurocentric, party-line views of the dominant U.S. narrators, say, Donna Brazile or Condoleezza Rice, or Blacks on the so-called “left,” but their views (still missing from this piece) are not a Black critique. It is a Eurocentric critique coming from a Black person, which is fundamentally different than an African American critique viewed through the lens of the African American experience. The ideas, views and critiques of Black thinkers are notoriously absent in the pages of the Times when it comes to foreign policy -- which proves that the writers, the editorial staff and the paper itself does not consider those views important. And in ignoring those critiques, it also ignores the historical critical analysis of the people who are and have been the subjects of U.S. foreign policy. 
“The ideas, views and critiques of Black thinkers are notoriously absent in the pages of the Times when it comes to foreign policy.” 
It also completely ignores the analysis of great Black historical thinkers like W.E.B. DuBois, Walter Rodney and Paul Robeson, Malcolm X, the late stage Martin Luther King, Jr., as well as the organizations they represented such as the Council on African Affairs (the CAA), the NAACP of the 1940’s, the African Liberation Support Committee, the Black Panther Party, The African Blood Brotherhood, the Organization of Afro-American Unity, Trans Africa, the U.S. Human Rights Network, the United Negro Improvement Association or the National Council of Black Lawyers, all of whom were deeply critical of America’s so-called mission in the world, especially as it related to African and Asian peoples, like Haitians, Congolese, Syrians, Yemenis and Palestinians. The critiques of these people are irrelevant to, not only the Times , but in truth, to the Democratic and Republican parties, the current incarnation of the NAACP, the Black Congressional Caucus, President Obama and most white liberal formations. However, this is not a reason to give the Times a pass. Even the use of the word “mission,” with the European habit of sending missionaries into Africa and the Americas to soften the people up with European religion before they were subdued by hard power, does not elicit irony on the part of the Times . The “white man’s burden” of “civilizing” the darker races of the world, through enslavement, destroying their religions, cultures, languages, colonizing their lands and resource and extracting their people and whisking them away to foreign lands to toil from birth to death for free, is just as important and essential a part of the history of “America’s Global Mission” as anything else mentioned in the piece. 
The hand wringing of the mostly white imperialists on the “left” and on the right, regarding the proper way to engage in imperialism, is essentially what the piece presents. No other perspectives or voices are important or valid. Thus the perspectives of African American thinkers are only relevant in American discourse when it concerns “black” issues like police brutality, but not on international issues, although many black writers and thinkers would argue the two are connected. This is so even though the very presence people of African descent in America is a direct result of the United States’ foreign policy of capturing, importing and enslaving African people. This point is lost on white foreign policy writers. However, early Black thinkers were clear on this point. People like DuBois and Robeson, in the past, and contemporaries like Glen Ford, were/are, fiercely anti-imperialist. 
“The perspectives of African American thinkers are only relevant in American discourse when it concerns ‘black’ issues like police brutality, but not on international issues.” 
The white, imperialist presentation in the article excludes the ideas of Syrian Americans, Indigenous populations, Mexican and Puerto Rican Americans and Hawaiians, all of whom may have a totally different idea of America’s “obligation” in Syria. Penny M. Von Eschen notes in the book, Race Against Empire, Black Americans and Anticolonialism 1937-1957 , that “Objecting to U.S. support for South African and the European colonial powers, and increasingly challenging the notion that America was the legitimate leader of the ‘free world’ and therefore above censure, black Americans both criticized new directions in American foreign policy and attempted to use the United Nations as a forum in which to gain support for civil rights struggles in the United States.” African Americans are no less critical of America’s self-serving “mission” today as was then. African Americans were highly critical of the U.S.’s violent overthrow of the African nation of Libya, its aggressions toward Cuba in the 60’s and Venezuela in the Chavez era and today. We have not forgotten America’s refusal to recognize Haiti as an independent Black nation when it defeated the French. Nor are we unmindful of the U.S. invasion of Haiti in 1915 and its support of dictators of the Duvalier family, the coup of the Aristide government and the fact that President Obama tried to prevent Aristide from returning to Haiti. 
Black thinkers on international issues are highly supportive of the Palestinian cause and troubled by the continued expansion of AFRICOM, the U.S. Africa Command, on the continent. This analysis is glaringly absent from mainstream media portrayals of America’s “duty” in the world. The Times article offers the view that, “Because many Americans see their foreign policy as a grand mission to make the world a better place, they tend to divide the world into heroes who support their ideals and villains who oppose them.” But which Americans are the writers talking about and whose “ideals” are represented in U.S. foreign policy. It is certain that the views of people like George Padmore, a leader in the Pan-African movement in the 40’s and 50’s, are not represented by this view. Padmore was clear that, “Empire and peace are incompatible.” Michael C. Dawson notes, in Blacks in and Out of the Left : “from Vietnam through Iraq, African Americans have proved to be the group of Americans most opposed to U.S. military intervention.” It is also purposely “forgotten” that the Black Panther Party was, following in the footsteps of their ideological predecessor, Malcolm X, staunchly anti-imperialist. As Eldridge Cleaver noted, the U.S. was “bankrolling and arming all of the oppressive regimes around the world.” One of the agenda items contained in the National Black Political Agenda, created in Gary, Indiana, in 1972 called for an end to the Vietnam War and the immediate withdrawal of foreign troops from Asia and Africa; the withdrawal of U.S. military, corporations, and communications facilities from southern Africa and the Third World; self-determination of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands; an end to sanctions against Cuba and the closure of the American military base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
“African Americans were highly critical of the U.S.’s violent overthrow of the African nation of Libya, its aggressions toward Cuba in the 60’s and Venezuela in the Chavez era and today.” 
Contemporary white American analysis of U.S. foreign excludes the historical reality that, in thinking of America’s support of so-called rebels in Syria and Libya , it is clear to African Americans that America never supported a single African liberation group in Africa. It is not lost on Black Americans that the African National Congress and Nelson Mandela were considered terrorists by the U.S. No African rebel movement seeking independence from the Dutch, British, French, German, Portuguese or Italian colonizers of African lands ever received a single drop of military support from Washington. The U.S. never supported the Mau Mau in Kenya, nor Frelimo in Mozambique, nor the ANC in South Africa, or any other revolutionary movement on the continent. 
In fact, the contrary is true. From the coup against Kwame Nkrumah in Ghana to the assassination of Patrice Lumuumba in the Congo, to the capture of Nelson Mandela and to the support the racist apartheid system of South African and the murderous colonial regime in the former Rhodesia, the American government has consistently and forcefully opposed revolutionary movements in Africa and in fact supported their colonial oppressors. The only country to ever militarily support African liberation was Cuba, not the U.S. Regarding Mandela, (who the U.S. considered a terrorist) we heard him clearly when, in response to a request to condemn Fidel Castro, Yassar Arafat and Mommar Ghadifi, he said, your enemies are not necessarily our enemies. Indeed, not only did Castro send troops to aid the Angolans in defeating the South Africans, he also provided refuge for many African American freedom fighters, from Robert Williams to Assata Shakur. While the U.S. was infiltrating, surveilling and murdering Black political activists in the Black Panther Party, leaders of North Vietnam, China, Algeria and Cuba welcomed them as ambassadors of the African American community. 
“It is clear to African Americans that America never supported a single African liberation group.” 
Understanding this historical reality, Black thinkers are justifiably critical and suspicious of U.S. intentions in places like Iraq, Iran, Syria and Libya. The greatest thinkers in African American culture explicitly made the connection between the U.S. and European colonialism abroad, in places like Syria, as an extension of the domestic policy of treating African Americans as second class citizens – or, as some African American thinkers have argued, the domestic colonization of Black people. The genocide of the Native Americans resonates with Black Americans. Leaders from MLK, who connected America’s imperialism in Vietnam, and the tax dollars used to support it, to the lack of financial resources available to be used to build cities and provide a basic wage; to Malcolm, who traveled the globe making personal connections with African heads of state, including Nasser in Egypt. It was Malcolm who saw the historic opportunity of the Bandung Conference, where 29 Asian and African, post-colonial nations, met to discuss their own fates independent of colonial powers, including the U.S. 
Black American support for anti-imperialist movements did not find a space in the Times’ analysis of Syria. The writers and editorial staff at the Times are oblivious to the histories of the Third World peoples living in their midst. Therefore, for Black people who understand this history, they recognize articles like the one published in the Times as imperial propaganda pieces for global white supremacy. Yet, the Times , in that regard, is no different than any other white American newspaper, magazine or news program or politician. They all (even, or especially, the Black ones) present a Eurocentric worldview that excludes the ideas, histories and analysis of its black population. We are irrelevant. We serve the function we have always served: subjects of imperialism, scapegoats for repression, but not shapers of foreign policy. Blacks can nominally participate in the American experience, but only so long as we stay in our place and as long as we support the “manifest destiny” of the global hegemon and not get in its way. We are cannon fodder for the imperialist wars abroad and casualties in the U.S. war on drugs and on poor Black life at home. 
“Malcolm traveled the globe making personal connections with African heads of state, including Nasser in Egypt.” 
The presence of a black face at the head of the empire has provided cover for U.S. imperialism in Africa and Asia, but it has not diminished the anti-imperialism of the black community. It has silenced the voices of the self-appointed black “leaders” and revealed them to be supporters of empire and oppression. The Times , too, or rather again, reveals itself as a supporter of the Pentagon by publishing an article that is short on true analysis of America’s support of terrorists in Syria, as well as presenting a limited, white supremacist parameter of debate. Although the African American tradition of anti-imperialism may not be important to the Times , it is a tradition that is still alive nonetheless. And neither the Black face of the empire, nor the white press in service to it, can diminish it. Our antagonism against imperialism may not be publicized in the pages of the Times , but it lives on in our continued support for amnesty for Assata Shakur, the release of all political prisoners from Leonard Peltier to Jalil Muntiquim and Oscar Rivera Lopez, to support for Palestinian self-determination, to opposition to the re-colonization of Africa by America’s Africa Command, to the growing support by Black athletes, young and old, of Colin Kaepernick’s refusal to stand for the National Anthem, to our opposition to all U.S. wars of aggression, including the ones in Libya and Syria. African Americans’ opposition to the U.S. supported aggression in Syria, masquerading as humanitarian support, is obviously irrelevant to the Times , but Malcolm X told us plainly years ago, that the media would have us thinking the good guy was the bad guy and vice versa. So whether, or even if, Assad is a “ruthless dictator,” the term the U.S. has used against everyone from Castro to Chavez, it does not therefore mean that African Americans agree that the U.S. has the right to support insurrection in Syria. We know imperialism is Euro-American, white, capitalist venture that is carried against “the darker nations,” not for them. Malcolm, Martin and Mandela taught us well. Attorney Bryan K. Bullock practices law in Merrillville, Indiana.",0
14459,Here's the story behind this powerful Standing Rock photo,"Tom Cahill | November 6, 2016 
A photo of an indigenous Standing Rock water protector on horseback facing down dozens of riot police is blowing up social media. 
The viral photo was circulated by filmmaker Larry Wright on Friday, and it quickly accumulated tens of thousands of engagements on Twitter. Wright described the photo as “incredible.” This photo from Standing Rock is incredible pic.twitter.com/aWeHSFh1VP 
— Larry Wright (@refocusedmedia) November 5, 2016 
After inquiries from Twitter users about the origin of the viral photo, Wright pointed them to a GoFundMe page for “Standing Rock Rising,” which hosts not only the viral photo, but several other high-quality shots showcasing the nobility of the Standing Rock protesters at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site, particularly in the face of countless state resources aimed at ousting them from treaty-protected land. The original source of the viral photo on Standing Rock Rising’s Facebook page has over 16,000 shares as of this writing. 
DEFEND THE SACRED 
Posted by Standing Rock Rising on Wednesday, November 2, 2016 
“What an incredibly powerful photo,” wrote Chris Ashby-Zwozdiak in the comments. “The civilised vs the uncivilised, predatory, and despicable mob. I stand with you Standing Rock, all indigenous peoples, and with all those who continue to fight for environmental and social justice for all.” 
“This reminds me so much of the Tiananmen Square massacre that saw China’s People’s Liberation Army gun down hundreds of civilians in a brutal crackdown on protests against government corruption, lack of transparency and freedom of speech,” wrote Catherine Davies van Zoen. “This photo here will become just as much an icon of shame to the USA police as the other one is to the Chinese military.” 
Ryan Redhawk, a photojournalist from Atlanta, is revealed as the photographer behind Standing Rock Rising. Redhawk is aiming to crowdfund $15,000 , of which over $11,000 has already been raised, saying the goal of his work is to “help spread awareness for activism and social change across the United States.” Redhawk is planning to stay at Standing Rock throughout the cold winter months, documenting the indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline, even walking away from his two current jobs to devote 100 percent of his time to the project. 
“This project means so much to me, because I deeply feel the Native Americans are being forgotten in general American culture, and something as rich as their roots should live on forever,” Redhawk wrote. “I want to see them be brought back to light as the original Americans. After all, this was their land, before it was our[s].” 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] ",0
14460,Top Retail Anti-Theft Measures - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Cleveland Indians Worried Team Cursed After Building Franchise On Old Native American Stereotype CLEVELAND—Having watched in horror as their team crumbled after a 3-1 World Series lead, members of the Cleveland Indians expressed concern Thursday that the organization has been cursed for building their franchise on an incredibly old Native American stereotype. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Nurse Reminds Elderly Man She’s Just Down The Hall If He Starts To Die DES PLAINES, IL—Assuring him that she’d be at his side in a jiffy, local nurse Wendy Kaufman reminded an elderly resident at the Briarwood Assisted Living Community that she was just down the hall if he started to die, sources reported Tuesday. ",0
14461,BOMBSHELL: 2006 Audio Emerges Of Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election,"Donald Trump, as usual, knows what he’s talking about when it comes to a rigged system with a rigged election. Today’s story brings you a never-heard-before audio tape of then Sen. Clinton talking about rigging the elections in Palestine to ensure the outcome preferred by the United States government. 
Via NowEndBegins 

Looks like Crooked Hillary thinks nothing of rigging an election – any election – to suit her personal purposes. “I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”
Scroll Down For Video Below On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audio cassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton’s Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is “rigged.”
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).
“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”
CHOMSKY RECALLS BEING TAKEN ABACK THAT “ANYONE COULD SUPPORT THE IDEA—OFFERED BY A NATIONAL POLITICAL LEADER, NO LESS—THAT THE U.S. SHOULD BE IN THE BUSINESS OF FIXING FOREIGN ELECTIONS.” Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency.
Regarding capturing combatants in war—the June capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas militants who came across the Gaza border via an underground tunnel was very much front of mind—Clinton can be heard on the tape saying, “And then, when, you know, Hamas, you know, sent the terrorists, you know, through the tunnel into Israel that killed and captured, you know, kidnapped the young Israeli soldier, you know, there’s a sense of like, one-upsmanship, and in these cultures of, you know, well, if they captured a soldier, we’ve got to capture a soldier.”
Equating Hamas , which to this day remains on the State Department’s official list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, with the armed forces of a close American ally was not what many expected to hear in the Jewish Press editorial offices, which were then at Third Avenue and Third Street in Brooklyn. (The paper’s office has since moved to the Boro Park section of Brooklyn.) The use of the phrase “these cultures” is also a bit of a head-scratcher.
According to Chomsky, Clinton was “gracious, personable and pleasant throughout” the interview, taking about an hour to speak to, in addition to himself, managing editor Jerry Greenwald, assistant to the publisher Naomi Klass Mauer, counsel Dennis Rapps and senior editor Jason Maoz.
Another part of the tape highlights something that was relatively uncontroversial at the time but has taken on new meaning in light of the current campaign—speaking to leaders with whom our country is not on the best terms. Clinton has presented a very tough front in discussing Russia, for example, accusing Trump of unseemly ardor for strongman Vladimir Putin and mocking his oft-stated prediction that as president he’d “get along” with Putin.
Chomsky is heard on the tape asking Clinton what now seems like a prescient question about Syria, given the disaster unfolding there and its looming threat to drag the U.S., Iran and Russia into confrontation.
“Do you think it’s worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel’s point [of view]?”
Clinton replied, “You know, I’m pretty much of the mind that I don’t see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you’re not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them,” an answer that reflects her mastery of the facts but also reflects a willingness to talk to Russia that sounds more like Trump 2016 than Clinton 2016.
Shortly after, she said, “But if you say, ‘they’re evil, we’re good, [and] we’re never dealing with them,’ I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I’ve got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That’s my take on it.”
A final bit of interest to the current campaign involves an articulation of phrases that Trump has accused Clinton of being reluctant to use. Discussing the need for a response to terrorism, Clinton said, “I think you can make the case that whether you call it ‘Islamic terrorism’ or ‘Islamo-fascism,’ whatever the label is we’re going to give to this phenomenon, it’s a threat. It’s a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It’s a global threat and it needs a global response. That can be the, sort of, statement of principle…So I think sometimes having the global vision is a help as long as you realize that underneath that global vision there’s a lot of variety and differentiation that has to go on.”
It’s not clear what she means by a global vision with variety and differentiation, but what’s quite clear is that the then-senator, just five years after her state was the epicenter of the September 11 attacks, was comfortable deploying the phrase “Islamic terrorism” and the even more strident “Islamo-fascism,” at least when meeting with the editorial board of a Jewish newspaper.
In an interview before the Observer heard the tape, Chomsky told the Observer that Clinton made some “odd and controversial comments” on the tape. The irony of a decade-old recording emerging to feature a candidate making comments that are suddenly relevant to voters today was not lost on Chomsky, who wrote the original story at the time. Oddly enough, that story, headlined “Hillary Clinton on Israel, Iraq and Terror,” is no longer available on jewishpress.com and even a short summary published on the Free Republic offers a broken link that can no longer surface the story.
“I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. “The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn’t think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.”
",0
14462,"Rand Paul, Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan Will Oppose Legislation That Does Not Fully Repeal Obamacare","Sen. Rand Paul, Rep. Mark Meadows, and Rep. Jim Jordan spoke with reporters Tuesday to discuss their opposition to any legislation that does not fully repeal Obamacare. [Senator Paul ( ) said:  Basically, conservatives are coalescing around a complete repeal. Conservatives want no less than to vote on what they did a year ago with the 2015 repeal bill. I think that we have to votes now to tell the leadership that this is what we want to do. The GOP leadership are not putting through a complete repeal leadership is putting through what some call “ . ” We are for a complete repeal.  Last evening, Mike Lee, Ted Cruz, and myself tweeted our objections to partial repeal. House Freedom Caucus and the Republican Study Committee tweeted out their objections to complete repeal. I think that we have the votes, and we are a force to be reckoned with. Mark Meadows, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, said that everyone is not on board the Ryan plan for repealing and replacing Obamacare. He noted: It is not accurate to say that everyone is discussing the same plan. There are legitimate concerns from congressmen and senators like Rand Paul. I will say for Medicaid expansion that it is far less difficult to address than other issues, such as the proposed leadership plan that will create a new entitlement program that will increase the amount of Americans getting subsidies from 9. 5 million to 40 million. So from a safety net provision, we are open to looking at options to address this problem that doesn’t create a crisis in a place like Ohio, where Medicaid was expanded, and places like North Carolina, where Medicaid was not expanded. Breitbart News asked Senator Paul about the timeline of Obamacare replacement. Senator Paul said: What we ought to do is the same day repeal and replace. Half of our replacement bill came from Health Secretary Tom Price and other conservatives. I think that we do have the votes to repeal and replace Obamacare, and I think there should be a separate repeal and replace package. I think that if you have the 2015 repeal bill, everyone will vote for that. For replacement and for Medicaid, we can vote on those issues separately to hash out those problems. The Washington Times asked the panel about the Ryan plan’s new tax on   healthcare plans. Congressman Meadows ( ) explained, “No bones, this is a tax increase on people with   healthcare plans it will force companies to drop their   plans. ” Melissa Quinn of The Daily Signal asked the panel if their hardline stance will put Obamacare repeal in jeopardy. Congressman Jim Jordan ( ) responded, “Not at all. We actually are going to do what we said we would do. What former Speaker Boehner said earlier about not repealing Obamacare is entirely  . The position we have taken is the only position we have taken that is entirely consistent with what voters voted on November 8. ”",0
14463,Federal Meddling in Dairy Farms Hurts Both Consumers and Producers,"Ryan McMaken  blog/federal-meddling-dairy-farms-hurts-consumers-producers/ 
Federal laws against free association of dairy producers has created a deeply distorted and unresponsive market, says Dave Albin . 1:20  ",0
14464,"Cómo decir «No» a las armas nucleares, por Manlio Dinucci","«El arte de la guerra»
Cómo decir «No» a las armas nucleares por Manlio Dinucci Estados Unidos acaba de imponer a sus aliados en la Comisión de Desarme y Seguridad de la Asamblea General de la ONU el rechazo a una proposición favorable a la eliminación total de las armas nucleares. En el caso de los países cuyos gobiernos aceptan almacenar ilegalmente en sus territorios las bombas atómicas estadounidenses, es posible exigir la retirada del armamento nuclear invocando el Artículo 2 del Tratado de No Proliferación (TPN).
Red Voltaire | Roma (Italia) | 3 de noviembre de 2016 français italiano English « Gracias, presidente Obama. Italia mantendrá con gran determinación su compromiso con la seguridad nuclear », eso escribía el primer ministro italiano, Matteo Renzi, en un histórico mensaje transmitido a través de Tweeter.
Sin embargo, seis meses más tarde, el propio Renzi votaba « Sí » a las armas nucleares. Alineándose tras Estados Unidos, el gobierno italiano se pronunció contra la resolución, adoptada por amplia mayoría en la Comisión de Desarme y Seguridad de la Asamblea General de la ONU, que estipula la realización en 2017 de una conferencia de las Naciones Unidas para « negociar una herramienta legalmente vinculante [o sea de obligatorio cumplimiento] para una prohibición de las armas nucleares, que conduzca a la eliminación total [de ese armamento]. »
El gobierno italiano se tragó así su promesa de hace 2 años, en la Conferencia de Viena, a los movimientos antinucleares « exigentes », a los que garantizaba entonces su voluntad de trabajar a favor del desarme nuclear desempeñando un « papel de mediador con paciencia y diplomacia ».
Cae así en el vacío el llamado « Exijamos el desarme total », donde se pide al gobierno « la continuación coherente del compromiso y de la lucha por la prohibición de las armas nucleares » siguiendo un camino « humanitario y jurídico hacia el desarme nuclear », en el que Italia podría desempeñar « un papel más que activo, posiblemente de vanguardia ».
También caen en el vacío las mociones parlamentarias sobre ese tema. Lo que sucede es que los llamados genéricos al desarme nuclear resultan fáciles de instrumentalizar: basta recordar que el aún presidente de Estados Unidos, artífice de un rearme nuclear de 1 000 millones de dólares, recibió el Premio Nobel de la Paz « por su visión de un mundo libre de armas nucleares ».
La manera para Italia de contribuir concretamente al desarme nuclear, enunciado en la resolución de la ONU, consistiría en comenzar por liberar el territorio italiano de la presencia de armas nucleares estadounidenses. Para lograrlo no hay que recurrir a la buena voluntad del gobierno italiano sino exigirle que respete el Tratado de No Proliferación, firmado y ratificado por Italia, cuyo Artículo 2 estipula:
«Cada Estado no poseedor de armas, que sea Parte en el Tratado, se compromete a no recibir de nadie ningún traspaso de armas nucleares u otros dispositivos nucleares explosivos ni el control sobre tales armas o dispositivos explosivos, sea directa o indirectamente (…)» [ 1 ]
Tenemos que exigir que Italia no siga violando el Tratado de No Proliferación, que exija a Estados Unidos la retirada de todas las armas nucleares que tiene en territorio italiano y que detenga el despliegue en Italia de sus nuevas bombas atómicas B61-12 , punta de lanza de la escalada nuclear de Estados Unidos y la OTAN contra Rusia. Tenemos que exigir igualmente que se detenga el entrenamiento de los pilotos de la fuerza aérea italiana en el uso de armas nucleares bajo las órdenes del mando estadounidense.
Ese es el objetivo de la campaña que ha emprendido el Comité No a la guerra, No a la OTAN con el respaldo de otras organizaciones y asociaciones. La campaña ya obtuvo un importante primer resultado: el Consejo Regional de Toscana aprobó por mayoría, el 26 de octubre, una moción presentada por el grupo Sì Toscana a Sinistra (Sí, Toscana a la izquierda) que « compromete el Consejo a solicitar al Gobierno que respete el Tratado de No Proliferación de armas nucleares y que haga que Estados Unidos retire inmediatamente del territorio italiano todo armamento nuclear y que renuncie a desplegar en suelo italiano las nuevas bombas B61-12 así como cualquier otro armamento nuclear ».
Iniciativas como esas pueden contribuir a la creación de un amplio frente que, gracias una fuerte movilización, obligue el gobierno italiano a respetar el Tratado de No Proliferación.
Hace 6 meses preguntábamos desde estas mismas páginas del diario Il Manifesto si había en el Parlamento [italiano] alguien dispuesto a exigir, invocando el Tratado de No Proliferación, la retirada inmediata de todas las armas nucleares estadounidenses desplegadas en Italia. Todavía estamos esperando una respuesta.
Manlio Dinucci Fuente
Il Manifesto (Italia)",0
14465,Melania Trump Wins Libel Suit for Calling Her ’High-End Escort’,"First Lady Melania Trump has won the first round in a $150 million lawsuit she filed against a blogger who called her a “  escort” and the British Daily Mail newspaper that repeated the false story. [Melania filed the suit in September in a Montgomery County, Maryland court alleging that   author Webster G. Tarpley libeled her when he called her a prostitute. The Daily Mail was also named in the suit for repeating the slanderous accusation.  “These defendants made several statements about Mrs. Trump that are 100 percent false and tremendously damaging to her personal and professional reputation,” attorney Charles Harder said as he filed the suit last year. Lawyers for Tarpley and The Daily Mail had asked for the lawsuit to be dismissed, but this week Judge Sharon Burrell rejected arguments to summarily dismiss the lawsuit for failing to meet the “actual malice” standard for libel against public figures, Politico reported. Judge Burrell said that it seemed pretty clear that “  escort” can be construed to mean “prostitute,” and by that understanding there was enough to justify a charge of libel. “The court believes most people, when they hear the words ‘  escort’ that describes a prostitute. There could be no more defamatory statement than to call a woman a prostitute,” Burrell wrote in her decision. The judge did not make it clear, though, if the inclusion of the British Daily Mail was going to be sustained. Since the paper is a foreign corporation, it is still unclear if the Mail would be dismissed from the suit, and Burrell did not rule on that aspect of the case. But for the claims by Tarpley’s attorney, Burrell was dismissive. She said Tarpley’s claim that the suit should be dismissed because it was brought in bad faith was clearly untrue (dismissing his SLAAP claim) and also proclaimed her skepticism that Tarpley’s disgusting accusations were of the sort that should be protected under First Amendment rules  —   most especially because Melania was just the wife of a candidate and not a candidate herself. “The interests affected are arguably not that important because the plaintiff wasn’t the one running for office,” the judge said. Burrell also didn’t buy Tarpley’s claim that his assertions were just “rhetorical hyperbole” meant to enliven his text. She called his court claims “word games” meant to absolve him of blame. One claim made by Trump’s legal team was tossed out. Harder claimed that Tarpley’s accusations damaged Melania’s current and prospective business deals, but Judge Burrell said the claims were too vague. The judge did promise to revisit the claims if Melania’s lawyers could make them more specific. Trump’s attorney is himself a bit of a celebrity, having helped former wrestler Hulk Hogan win his$140 million lawsuit against Gawker Media. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14466,First Arrest Made in Gang Rape Case in Brazil - The New York Times,"The police in Brazil said on Saturday that they had made the first arrest in the search for more than 30 possible attackers in the gang rape of a    girl, a case that has prompted widespread outrage and vows by the federal government to combat crimes against women, news agencies reported. Brazilians reacted with shock after the May 21 assault came to light last week. Graphic photos and videos of the unconscious, naked teenager were posted on Twitter, and several men joked online about the attack. The authorities said the teenager had been raped in the São João shantytown on the west side of Rio de Janeiro as she was visiting her boyfriend, The Associated Press reported. The girl told the police that she was briefly alone with him but remembered nothing until she woke up naked the next day in another building among dozens of men who had guns. The first arrest came after the military police fanned out in search of four suspects who had been identified, the news organization Agence   reported. The police said they did not know if the boyfriend was one of the attackers, though he was being sought. The case has rocked Brazil, Latin America’s largest nation, and highlighted its   problem of violence against women. President Michel Temer promised to create a federal police unit to address crimes against women, The Associated Press reported. “It’s absurd that in the 21st century we have to live with barbarous crimes like this,” said Mr. Temer, who also called an emergency meeting of the security ministers for each of Brazil’s states to consider   crimes. Demonstrators gathered in downtown Rio on Friday night with signs that said “Machismo kills” and “No means no,” Agence   reported. In São Paulo, protesters made a mural with messages that included “I like to wear necklines, that’s not an invitation to rape me. ” The girl, in brief comments to the O Globo newspaper, said: “It’s the stigma that hurts me the most. It is as if people are saying: ‘It’s her fault. She was using scanty clothes.’ I want people to know that it is not the woman’s fault. You can’t blame a robbery victim for being robbed. ” At a news conference on Friday, the police said the girl had reported being raped by 33 men officials said they had been unable to confirm how many men might have taken part. Rio’s police chief, Fernando Veloso, said that if images had not been posted online, the authorities might not have learned of the attack. The Brazilian Center for Latin American Studies found that more than 92, 000 women were killed in   crimes, including rape and domestic abuse, from 1980 to 2010.",0
14468,Police Are Now Warning People To Take A Photo Of Your Hotel Room Right When You Walk Through The Door,"November 2015 Ads Police Are Now Warning People To Take A Photo Of Your Hotel Room Right When You Walk Through The Door Oct 29, 2016 Previous post 
In the United States alone there are more than one million people enslaved today. Many of them were brought into the country by smugglers who specialize not in drugs, but in human trafficking. According to the U.S. State Department, every year between 600,000 and 800,000 people are trafficked across the country’s borders, half of them are children and 8 out of 10 are female. 
They are a fraction of the estimated 21 million people who have been trafficked around the world according the UNICEF, and demand for slavery and cheap labor has been steadily increasing. 
The numbers are shocking and eye-opening, they reflect the fact that human trafficking has now become the world’s fasted growing crime. In terms of scope and industry size it ranks third internationally, behind only illegal drugs and arms trafficking. 
The demand for cheap labor and sexual exploitation are the primary driving forces behind human trafficking. Victims are modern day slaves who are being held against their will, abused, abducted, coerced, or threatened into compliance. They face unimaginable horrors and treatment at the hands of their abusers and yet most people can’t even image that this sort of crime is occurring every single day all across America, even in their own neighborhood. 
Part of what makes human trafficking so hard to detect and investigate is that victims are constantly being moved around. Traffickers rarely stay in one spot, instead they change locations frequently to evade law enforcement and make it super hard for authorities to track them down. That’s also why they use hotel rooms. Not only do hotels afford criminals easy and convenient places to hide, they are perfect because rooms can be paid for in cash. Statistics show that the majority of all trafficking crimes take place in hotel rooms. When traffickers bring their victims to a new hotel room they usually take a picture of them and upload it online as a type of advertisement. That’s where the TraffickCam App comes into play. 
TraffickCam takes user submitted photos of their hotel rooms and compiles them into an efficient, comparative search database. When traffickers post their photos online, authorities can search them against the database and therefore use it to try and find a match. Everything in the photos that app users submit, from the wallpaper patterns, carpeting, artwork, and the view outside the windows can be used to match and find where traffickers pictures were taken. 
Here’s how it works: Download the free app to your smartphone and the next time you stay at a hotel snap 4 quick pictures of your room. When you submit them include the name of the hotel you’re staying at and the room number. You can do this when you’re leaving and these images are then added to the database. One day in the future, your picture could help to identify and locate victims and",0
14469,Supreme Court Upholds Affirmative Action Program at University of Texas - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected a challenge to a   admissions program at the University of Texas at Austin, handing supporters of affirmative action a major victory. The decision, Fisher v. University of Texas, No.   concerned an unusual program and contained a warning to other universities that not all affirmative action programs will pass constitutional muster. But the ruling’s basic message was that admissions officials may continue to consider race as one factor among many in ensuring a diverse student body. The decision, by a    vote, was unexpected. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, the author of the majority opinion, has long been skeptical of   programs and had never before voted to uphold an affirmative action plan. He dissented in the last major affirmative action case. Supporters of affirmative action hailed the decision as a landmark. “No decision since Brown v. Board of Education has been as important as Fisher will prove to be in the long history of racial inclusion and educational diversity,” said Laurence H. Tribe, a law professor at Harvard, referring to the Supreme Court’s 1954 decision striking down segregated public schools. Roger Clegg, the president of the Center for Equal Opportunity, which supports colorblind policies, said the decision, though disappointing, was only a temporary setback. “The court’s decision leaves plenty of room for future challenges to racial preference policies at other schools,” he said. “The struggle goes on. ” President Obama hailed the decision. “I’m pleased that the Supreme Court upheld the basic notion that diversity is an important value in our society,” he told reporters at the White House. “We are not a country that guarantees equal outcomes, but we do strive to provide an equal shot to everybody. ” Justice Kennedy, writing for the majority, said courts must give universities substantial but not total leeway in designing their admissions programs. “A university is in large part defined by those intangible ‘qualities which are incapable of objective measurement but which make for greatness,’” Justice Kennedy wrote, quoting from a landmark desegregation case. “Considerable deference is owed to a university in defining those intangible characteristics, like student body diversity, that are central to its identity and educational mission. ” “But still,” Justice Kennedy added, “it remains an enduring challenge to our nation’s education system to reconcile the pursuit of diversity with the constitutional promise of equal treatment and dignity. ” Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor joined Justice Kennedy’s majority opinion. Justice Elena Kagan, who would probably have voted with the majority, was recused from the case because she had worked on it as solicitor general. In a lengthy and impassioned dissent delivered from the bench, a sign of deep disagreement, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. denounced the court’s ruling, saying that the university had not demonstrated the need for   admissions and that the Texas program benefited advantaged students over impoverished ones. “This is affirmative action gone berserk,” Justice Alito told his colleagues, adding that what they had done in the case was “simply wrong. ” Under the University of Texas’ admissions program, most applicants from within the state are admitted under a part of the program that guarantees admission to top students in every high school in the state. This is often called the Top 10 Percent program, though the percentage cutoff can vary by year. The Top 10 Percent program has produced significant racial and ethnic diversity. In 2011, for instance, 26 percent of freshmen who enrolled under the program were Hispanic, and 6 percent were black. The population of Texas is about 38 percent Hispanic and 12 percent black. The case challenged a second part of the admissions program. Under it, remaining students from Texas and elsewhere are considered under standards that take into account academic achievement and other factors, including race and ethnicity. Many colleges and universities base all of their admissions decisions on such grounds. In Grutter v. Bollinger in 2003, the Supreme Court endorsed such   holistic admissions programs, saying it was permissible to consider race as one factor among many to achieve educational diversity. Writing for the majority in that case, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor said she expected that “25 years from now,” the “use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary. ” Justice Kennedy’s decision left Grutter intact. Thursday’s case was brought by Abigail Fisher, a white woman who said the university had denied her admission based on her race. She has since graduated from Louisiana State University. “I am disappointed that the Supreme Court has ruled that students applying to the University of Texas can be treated differently because of their race or ethnicity,” Ms. Fisher said in a statement on Thursday. “I hope that the nation will one day move beyond affirmative action. ” When the court last considered Ms. Fisher’s case in 2013, supporters of affirmative action were nervous. But the court deferred conclusive action in what appeared to be a compromise decision. In his dissent on Thursday, Justice Alito said the court had reversed itself. “Something strange has happened since our prior decision in this case,” he wrote. When the second iteration of the case was argued in December, Justice Kennedy suggested that the court might again send it back to the appeals court. On Thursday, though, he said that would have been a waste of time. “A remand would do nothing more than prolong a suit that has already persisted for eight years and cost the parties on both sides significant resources,” he wrote. “Petitioner long since has graduated from another college, and the university’s policy  —   and the data on which it first was based  —   may have evolved or changed in material ways. ” Justice Kennedy then methodically rejected Ms. Fisher’s arguments. He said the university’s diversity goals were not amorphous but “concrete and precise,” satisfying the constitutional requirement that government racial classifications advance a compelling interest. Justice Alito described those goals  —   concerning “the destruction of stereotypes,” promoting “  understanding” and preparing students “for an increasingly diverse work force and society”  —   as slippery and impervious to judicial scrutiny. Justice Kennedy wrote that the university was justified in saying that the Top Ten Percent plan did not alone produce sufficient diversity, adding that the holistic part of the admissions program “had a meaningful, if still limited, effect on the diversity of the university’s freshman class. ” He said the Top Ten Percent program had   limits. “An admissions policy that relies exclusively on class rank creates perverse incentives for applicants,” he wrote. “Percentage plans ‘encourage parents to keep their children in   segregated schools, and discourage students from taking challenging classes that might lower their grade point averages,’” he added, quoting from an earlier dissent from Justice Ginsburg. “Wherever the balance between percentage plans and holistic review should rest, an effective admissions policy cannot prescribe, realistically, the exclusive use of a percentage plan,” Justice Kennedy wrote. Justice Kennedy’s majority opinion was 20 pages long. It elicited a furious   dissent from Justice Alito, joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Clarence Thomas. Justice Alito said the majority opinion helped affluent   students and hurt   ones. “Even though U. T. has never provided any coherent explanation for its asserted need to discriminate on the basis of race, and even though U. T.’s position relies on a series of unsupported and noxious racial assumptions,” he wrote, “the majority concludes that U. T. has met its heavy burden. This conclusion is remarkable  —   and remarkably wrong. ” Sherrilyn Ifill, the president of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. said the decision was gratifying. “Universities all over the country are breathing a sigh of relief,” she said. “The court very compellingly reaffirmed the importance of diversity. ”",0
14470,Sean Spicer’s Quick Twitter Reaction to Jobs Report May Break a Rule - The New York Times,"Oops. The enthusiastic reaction of Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, was understandable on Friday when the Labor Department reported a gain of 235, 000 jobs. “Great news for American workers,” he proclaimed on Twitter 22 minutes after the Labor Department release, “in first report for @POTUS Trump. ” Mr. Spicer was probably just following President Trump’s lead. At 8:41 a. m. 11 minutes after the report’s 8:30 release, Mr. Trump reposted a Twitter message sent by the conservative website Drudge Report that linked to a news report with the comment “GREAT AGAIN: +235, 000. ” But those messages on Twitter apparently violate a federal rule barring executive branch employees from publicly commenting on principal economic indicators for at least one hour after the official release time. Announced in the Federal Register on Sept. 25, 1985, when Ronald Reagan was president, the rule was adopted “to preserve the distinction between the   release of data by statistical agencies and their interpretation by policy officials,” and to avoid affecting “financial and commodity markets,” according to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, part of the Office of Management and Budget. The rule as published in the Federal Register does not include a penalty for violation. The White House receives the jobs data through the Council of Economic Advisers on Thursday afternoon, before its Friday release. Jason Furman, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers in President Barack Obama’s second term, said by email on Friday: “The interpretation of our administration (like Clinton and Bush) was that this applied to POTUS. There were times they wanted Obama to comment, his flight or whatever was taking off at 9:20 and they would hold off until 9:30 so he could comment then. ” Of course the Trump administration’s delight was no surprise. And at a White House briefing on Friday afternoon, Mr. Spicer addressed the issue with  . “Don’t make me make the podium move,” he told a questioner, alluding to a parody of his briefing style on “Saturday Night Live. ” He said that while “I understand the rule,” he felt his post had caused no market disruption because the news was already out. “I apologize if we were a little excited, and we’re so excited to see so many Americans back to work,” he added.",0
14471,A mechanic wrote the customer’s bizarrely creative description of the problem word for word,"Next Prev Swipe left/right A mechanic wrote the customer’s bizarrely creative description of the problem word for word When someone brought their car in for repair because of a rattling noise, the mechanic felt compelled to record their exact words and T9C-gars shared a photo on Reddit. 
“Check rattle noise like 2 skeletons making out on a tin roof during a hailstorm using a tin can for a condom.” 
Let’s hope they checked under the bone-it.",0
14472,Russia Denies Building ’Terminator’ Following Release of Weaponized Robot Test Footage - Breitbart,"Following the release of footage of a   robot firing handguns at targets, Russian officials have stated that they are not making a “terminator” robot. [The Mirror reports that the robot, known as FEDOR  —   Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research  —   is part of Russias current developments in space exploration. The robot is being developed by Android Technics and the Advanced Research Fund, initially with the aim to aid during rescue operations, however, now the robot is being considered to replace human engineers on the International Space Station.  A video of the robot released recently has made many question the application of these new machines as the android can be seen   pistols and firing them at metal targets in the distance. This caused many people to assume that the robot was some sort of new military hardware designed to replace soldiers in the field.  Russian officials have denied this claim. “We are not creating a Terminator, but artificial intelligence that will be of great practical significance in various fields. ” said Russian Deputy PM Dmitryi Rogozin. FEDOR is currently scheduled to travel into space in 2021 and could act as a permanent replacement to the cosmonauts onboard the ISS. “This thing can work without a space suit, live not only in a crew vehicle, but even outside it. Its name is Fedor. ” said Deputy PM Rogozin. Vladimir Solntsev, general director of Russian   corporation Energia, said: “Our involvement in the   space robot project will bring us to the next level in the development of robotic technologies. ” Director of the TSNIImash laboratory of space robotic Alexander Grebenshchikov said: “Every hour of work of cosmonauts on space walks costs from $2 million to $4 million (USD). ” “The use of robots for routine operations in the future will also spare additional time of the crew for leisure or for the fulfillment of other important tasks. ” said Grebenshchikov. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
14473,"Park Geun-hye, Donald Trump, Microsoft: Your Friday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: • South Korea’s Parliament voted to impeach President Park   over a corruption scandal. Ms. Park has been suspended from office as the Constitutional Court considers whether to formally remove her from office. The court has six months to decide whether the charges are true and merit her ouster. Here are the accusations against her. Hwang   the prime minister, is the acting president while Ms. Park is suspended. And here are some of the contenders to replace her, including Ban   the departing United Nations secretary general. _____ • In the U. S.   Donald J. Trump is expected to name Andrew F. Puzder, a   executive, as secretary of labor. Mr. Puzder has opposed expanding overtime and raising the minimum wage. Here’s the latest on the transition. _____ • “This is all uncharted territory. ”  That’s the feeling in America’s auto industry, which expects to be reshaped by the Trump administration. A chief concern is Mr. Trump’s threat of tariffs on the millions of vehicles sold in the U. S. each year that were built in Japan, Korea and other countries. In Britain, Asian automakers want assurances from the government that “Brexit” won’t block their access to the European Union. _____ • President Hassan Rouhani of Iran has signed a wave of oil deals with Asian and European energy companies in recent weeks. “Our officials are in a rush to sign contracts with big oil companies in order to have leverage when Trump enters the White House,” said an economist with close ties to the government. _____ • A   state of emergency has been declared in the Aceh province of Indonesia, where a powerful earthquake on Wednesday killed more than 100 people and injured hundreds of others. “All the victims were crushed in collapsed buildings,” said a spokesman for the national disaster management agency. _____ • The dollar has surged since the U. S. election: up 8 percent against the Japanese yen and 10 percent against the Mexican peso. Against the Chinese yuan, the move has been less pronounced  —   just 1. 5 percent. But for emerging markets, accustomed to cheap dollar debt, the surge may signal instability in the future. • Michael Jordan owns the right to his name in Chinese characters, China’s highest court ruled, in a landmark decision for future trademark cases. • Microsoft acquired LinkedIn for $26. 2 billion. But there are ample reasons to be skeptical that the deal, the biggest by far in Microsoft’s history, will pay off. • Airbnb has faced regulatory battles in cities around the world. But New Orleans was able to gain concessions from the company that few other towns have received. • The gadget age is over, our columnist writes, and it could make life a lot less fun. • U. S. markets were up. Here’s a global snapshot. • Nguyen Ngoc Luong, a journalist who was essential to The Times coverage of the Vietnam War and refused an offer to be relocated, died in Ho Chi Minh City. He was 79. [The New York Times] • Foreign diplomats in India have lodged protests over the country’s limit on bank withdrawals. [CNN Money] • A recent cyber attack has Germany concerned about becoming a target of Russia’s campaign to destabilize Western democracies. [The New York Times] • Satellite imagery shows that Vietnam is dredging on a disputed reef in the South China Sea, which could anger Beijing. [Reuters] • Here’s a look at how the Pearl Harbor attack, 75 years ago this week, shaped the modern world. [The New York Times] • The Democratic Party may want to look to California in its search for future leaders. [The New York Times] • A city in Japan is keeping track of elderly dementia patients by sticking bar codes with personal data to their fingers and toes. [BBC] • Traveling to Sydney, Australia? We’ve got recommendations on how to spend 36 hours in the city. • John Glenn, the first American to orbit Earth, died on Thursday. He was 95. • In a Myanmar market, a paleontologist discovered a     chunk of amber with the feathered tail of a dinosaur trapped inside. • The recovery of a woman with advanced colon cancer, after treatment with cells from her own immune system, may help doctors develop new treatments for other patients. • And remember the trend of new bank notes featuring women that we told you about yesterday? Canada’s finance minister announced that Viola Desmond, a civil rights pioneer, will be the first Canadian woman on a note. On this day in 1917, the First World War was entrenched in some of its darkest days. The Allies were in a stalemate on the Western Front, and good news was in short supply. So it was a huge morale booster for the Allies when Turkish forces surrendered the holy city of Jerusalem to Britain’s Gen. Edmund Allenby. Prime Minister David Lloyd George called it “a Christmas present for the British people. ” The New York Herald’s front page proclaimed: “Jerusalem is rescued by British after 673 years of Moslem Rule. ” Jews in the city, inspired a month earlier by Britain’s Balfour Declaration in support of a Jewish homeland, rejoiced. Some Arabs, many of whom had been conscripted by the Ottomans, danced in the streets. Two more details: When General Allenby entered the Old City, he did so on foot and unfurled no flags, in a sign of respect. He also deployed Muslim troops to ease sectarian tension. Until he arrived, the mayor of Jerusalem had been scrambling to find a British official to whom he could cede control. An army cook who got lost while looking for food was initially asked. He declined, saying “I don’t want the city I want eggs. ” _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
14474,The Trump effect: Jack in the box and Obama's change,"The Trump effect: Jack in the box and Obama's change 09.11.2016 Donald Trump, having won the US presidential election, thanked his rival Hillary Clinton for her struggle, even though Clinton refused to speak to her supporters and sent the head of her election headquarters to speak for her instead. ""America will no longer settle for anything less than the best. We must reclaim our country's destiny and dream big and bold and daring. We have to do that. We're going to dream of things for our country, and beautiful things and successful things once again. I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone,"" Trump said in his speech. ""Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American dream. I've spent my entire life in business, looking at the untapped potential in projects and in people all over the world,"" he also said. The Americans already joke that Trump's best post-election joke would be sending Hillary Clinton to Libya as an ambassador. Trump's victory has come as a shock for the Russian opposition. Ukraine remains in a state of shock as well as the Ukrainian administration was hoping for Clinton's support in the struggle against Russia. Print version Font Size To be honest, no one was expecting Donald Trump to win. It is worth recalling that from the start of the presidential campaign, everyone saw Trump as a clown and an absolute outsider of the campaign, while Hillary Clinton was seen as the leader. This years' presidential election in the United States has been, perhaps, the ""dirtiest"" and most scandalous election from the point of view of all the compromising materials that the candidates had to face in their campaigns. At some point, the leaders of the Republican Party were opposed to their own candidate. So why Trump? If one looks at recent polls by Gallup Foundation and other institutions of political sociology, one can see a huge percentage of ordinary Americans who do not trust both the election procedure and the existing political elites in both the Republican and the Democratic Party. According to the majority of US citizens, federal politicians do not represent the interests of the people - they represent the interests of certain corporations. Most importantly, many Americans understand that this is a system that they live in. Donald Trump with his slogan ""Make America Great Again!"" is a jack-of-the-box, who is not associated with all this party and, more broadly, backstage responsibility that has been blooming on Capitol Hill for many years. Hillary Clinton, is an old paralytic witch, whose laughter makes one shudder, but she carries the function of an appendage of American multinational corporations in politics. Donald Trump and his simple and somewhere populist decisions has challenged to revise both domestic and foreign politics of the United States. He has questioned the USA's membership in NATO and the funding of multiple US bases all over the world. Trump wants to give up on all that and use the money for the USA, and this is what US tax-payers are looking forward to. Common Americans are fed up with ideas of world hegemony and international confrontation. The American people are tired of corruption and excessive spending on the maintenance of their exceptional status. Donald Trump has promised to change all this. Donald Trump is indeed unpredictable in both negative and positive terms because he has never worked in any forms of the US government. He has zero experience in international affairs, which makes him an absolutely unpredictable persona, journalist Vladimir Poznerб a US citizen, believes. Democrats should have listened to what the people were saying. There were many petitions on the website of the White House to withdraw the Magnitsky Act, lift sanctions against Russia and revise USA's relations with the Russian Federation. What did the Democrats do? They deleted those petitions and reset website vote counters. Will the new USA try to improve the relations with Russia? Here is what Trump said about Russia a while ago: ""I had a major event in Russia two or three years ago, which was a big, big incredible event. ""And you know what?"" he continued. ""They want to be friendly with the United States. Wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along with somebody?"" The US-Russian relations appear to be just a tiny part of the visible displeasure of American voters with the US political system. One can recall Al Gore, who received the majority of votes of citizens, but a minority of votes of electors. George W. Bush took office as president, but the American society did not have the degree of discontent and tension that one can see now. If the ""Gore scenario"" reoccur, America will face mass riots. Ordinary people are tired of the policy that had been formed in the USA after the Cold War. The US expert community that called Trump an absolute outsider, admit their defeat. Sociologist and professor at Princeton University, Sam Wang, said that the entire (sociological) industry has failed in the presidential election in the United States. Other experts have found a cause for Trump's triumph. Michael McFaul, former US Ambassador to Russia, tweeted: ""Putin intervened in our elections and succeeded. Well done"". There were no Russian observers in the US election. Suffice it to recall Putin's remarks about the banana country: ""Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people's choice in any way? The number of mythical, dreamt-up problems include the hysteria - I can't think of another word - that has broken out in the United States about the influence of Russia on the current elections for the US president. What, is America a banana republic?!,"" Putin said. ""Correct me if I am wrong. America is a great power,"" Putin said. The US expertocracy, as well as party policy-makers have long ceased to regard the American society as a standalone entity policy. Rather, they see the American society as a mass of people that one can easily manipulate with. Roughly speaking, the development of American democracy has led to the formation of a decorative role for the society. Yet, as we can now see, propaganda and manipulations do not have the last say, not even in the USA. British experts had also excluded the victory of the Brexit vote. They did not even believe that UK citizens would vote to leave the EU. They also hoped for mass manipulations and media propaganda. In general, Donald Trump has managed to grow into a universal, popular candidate. Who knows, maybe he will make America great without destroying the whole world for the purpose. Will he be change that Barack Obama failed to bring to life? Politonline",0
14475,Tancredo: Illegal Immigration Props Up Mexico’s Dysfunctional State - Breitbart,"The big news this week seems to be that the Mexican government is not happy with President Trump’s border control plans. That headline comes on the heels of the news that the sun is hot. Imagine that! [Mexico is not happy that President Trump appears to be serious about building a border wall and halting the   human traffic. The improvements in border security promised in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 as a   for the general amnesty never happened, and illegal border crossings have trended upwards again after a brief decline connected to the   recession. Apprehensions of illegal border jumpers on the southwest border have increased every year but one since 2010, and increased 23 percent from 2015 to 2016.  Because of the relative ease of crossing the border and Mexico’s liberal definition of Mexican citizenship, we have the situation recently described by author Ann Coulter, who discovered that persons of Mexican origin now residing in the United States  —   legal and illegal —   are equal in number to over 25 percent of the 130 million population of Mexico.   The Pew Hispanic Center says there were 33. 7 million Americans of Mexican descent in the United States in 2012, and that figure is based in part on the official Census figure of 11. 3 million illegal aliens, over 60 percent of whom are from Mexico. If you believe as I do that the illegal alien population of the U. S. is over 25 million, not 11. 3 million, then the percentage of Mexican nationals now residing in the  U. S.  —   persons recognized as Mexican citizens under the Mexican Constitution  —   is considerably above 25 percent.  Let me put this in stark economic terms: Mexico’s national income grows in direct proportion to the size of the illegal Mexican population inside the United States. Does that help explain the Mexican fixation on U. S. politics? Mexico’s most profitable export to the U. S. is not oil or avocados or automobile parts, it is people.  Mexicans living and working in the U. S. send home over $20 billion annually in cash remittances  —   more than Mexico earns in foreign currency from tourism or any export commodity. In 1979, Mexico received only $177, 000 (U. S. Dollars) in remittances in 2016 it was $26. 1 BILLION  —   over 90 percent of it from persons living in the United States. (See here for a GAO report on remittances to Mexico from the U. S. and here for the World Bank reports for total remittances received by Mexico.) You don’t believe government data? Even the Clinton News Network confirms it: this recent CNN report says Mexico relies more on remittance income than the sale of oil or tourism.  To guarantee those remittance dollars keep flowing north to south, Mexico must keep exporting its citizens south to north. Does anyone think Mexico will give up that lucrative income graciously? Do you think Mexican politicians will welcome an interruption of either of those two flows  —   either people going north or dollars coming south? As a Congressman, back in 2001, I visited Mexico along with two of my colleagues and met with several high government officials in the Mexican capital. One of those officials was Juan Hernandez, a dual citizen with a home in Texas, who at that time was the head of a cabinet department. That department had the name, Ministry for Mexicans Living Abroad, but it has since been reorganized and given a lower public profile as the Institute for Mexicans Abroad, a   division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. I asked Señor Hernandez, what exactly do you do here? He was quite candid and informative and not the least bit apologetic. Hernandez’s job was to direct and coordinate a large collection of enterprises of transport and educational activities aimed at assisting and encouraging Mexicans in physically moving north across Mexico and entering the United States. I was struck by both the grandiosity and bravura of that official Mexican government operation —  directed by a cabinet official. Somewhat shocked by his candid admissions, I asked Hernandez, hey, aren’t you embarrassed by violating the sovereignty of a neighboring country? His reply was delivered calmly and with a smile. I remember his words clearly:  “Really, congressman, we don’t have two countries here, it’s just a region. ” I also asked Hernandez, why does the Mexican government work so hard to maintain contact with Mexicans even after they become naturalized citizens of the United States? He told me, it’s because they tend to stop sending money home after they assimilate. Assimilation, he believed, was a problem: if Mexicans stopped being Mexicans first, and Americans second, that is very bad for Mexico. Juan Hernandez, as I said, is a dual citizen of Mexico and the United States, and he has been very involved in U. S. politics. In 2008, working from his Texas home, he was named as presidential candidate John McCain’s chief of Outreach to Hispanic Americans.   You can make of that connection with John McCain what you will maybe the guy just needed a job. But as for myself, I would worry if my candidate were endorsed by the Juan Hernandez characters of the world, and I am delighted that Señor Juan Hernandez is apoplectic over the plans announced by President Trump.  What lies ahead for U. S.  relations? Your guess is as good as mine, but if Trump persists in his plans, Mexican bluster and outrage will be replaced by a more pragmatic accommodation.  The border will continue to be a point of conflict, but Mexico may come to realize that the end of the remittance cornucopia was inevitable. Mexico can grow its own economy and create millions of jobs for its people by abandoning its socialist dogmas and   enterprises. If that happens, someday soon Mexican politicians will see the bitter medicine administered by Trump as a blessing in disguise.  Polls of   Mexicans who entered our country illegally reveal that the large majority of them do not intend to stay forever. Typically, upon arrival, they plan to get a job, send money home, and then return home to Mexico and enjoy a better life than what they left.   Mexicans naturally retain a love of the country of their birth —  and that love of country is certainly not a bad thing if you think of it as your true home.  If ten million Mexicans now in the United States became optimistic about Mexico’s future and returned home to fight corruption, build a better educational system and a stronger economy, that, too, would not be a bad thing.",0
14476,Review: ‘Rogue One’ Leaves ‘Star Wars’ Fans Wanting More and Less - The New York Times,"The great mystery of “Rogue One”  —   the big payoff, the thing people like me would be pilloried for divulging, the puzzle you will congratulate yourself for solving  —   is where it fits in with the rest of the “Star Wars” cycle. There are scattered hints early on, and later appearances by familiar characters that elicit chuckles of recognition from fans. The very last shot tells us exactly where we are, and why we should have cared about everything we just saw. Whether that is enough  —   whether the fractures in the Rebel Alliance and the power struggles in the imperial ranks quicken our pulses and engage our emotions  —   is the big question, but it really isn’t a question at all. Millions of people will sit through this thoroughly mediocre movie (directed with basic competence by Gareth Edwards from a surprisingly hackish script by Chris Weitz and Tony Gilroy) and convince themselves that it’s perfectly delightful. It’s so much easier to obey than to resist. The spoiler warning sent by the Disney empire instructed journalists to “continue to be our partners on this journey,” and defiance is unthinkable, even if “partner” is taken as a synonym for “shill. ” But the injunction not to ruin anyone’s good time by “revealing spoilers and detailed story points” is itself revealing, an indication of the meager and disposable pleasures this movie is meant to provide, and also of the low regard its makers have for the audience. It hasn’t always been this way, of course. The first “Star Wars” trilogy had a fresh, insurgent energy, and learning the names of all those planets and galactic adventurers has seemed, to generations of fans, like a new and special kind of fun. Now, though, it is starting to feel like drudgery, a schoolbook exercise in a course of study that has no useful application and that will never end. “Rogue One,” named for the call sign of an imperial cargo ship appropriated by rebel fighters, is the opposite of that vessel. Masquerading as a heroic tale of rebellion, its true spirit is Empire all the way down. Like the fighters on the planet Scarif, which is surrounded by an    atmospheric shield, you are trapped inside this world, subjected to its whims and laws. You can’t escape, because it is the supposed desire to escape that brought you here in the first place. Maybe I’m exaggerating. The cast is wonderful. Felicity Jones is a fine addition to the “Star Wars” tradition of     heroines. She plays Jyn Erso, the daughter of Galen Erso (Mads Mikkelsen) a scientist whose allegiances are a little ambiguous. Not at all ambiguous is Ben Mendelsohn’s Orson Krennic, a marvel of sneering, vainglorious villainy in an impeccable white uniform, complete with a cape that billows behind him when he strides down a starship catwalk. Jyn’s idealistic   tendencies are at first checked by a hint of   cynicism. She’s suspicious of the rebels and contemptuous of the Empire, and has complicated feelings about Saw Gerrera (Forest Whitaker) the extremist militant who cared for her in her father’s absence. When a mission announces itself  —   I don’t think I’m supposed to say too much about it, other than that it’s highly perilous and requires a lot of   and aerial battling  —   Jyn gathers up an appealing, motley guerrilla crew. There’s a renegade imperial pilot (Riz Ahmed) a   resistance type (Diego Luna) a blind monk (Donnie Yen) and a bearded berserker (Wen Jiang). And naturally, a wisecracking droid, speaking in the dry, sarcastic tones of the indispensable Alan Tudyk. All the pieces are there, in other words, like Lego figures in a box. The problem is that the filmmakers haven’t really bothered to think of anything very interesting to do with them. A couple of    on a   rainy afternoon would come up with better adventures, and probably also better dialogue. Plots and subplots are handled with clumsy expediency, and themes that might connect this movie with the larger Lucasfilm mythos aren’t allowed to develop. You’re left wanting both more and less. There are too many characters, too much tactical and technical explanation, too much   prattle. And at the same time, there isn’t quite enough of the filial dynamic between Galen and Jyn, and not enough weight given to the ethical and strategic problems of rebellion. When might ends justify means? What kind of sacrifice is required in the service of a righteous cause? Popular art  —   “Star Wars” included  —   has often proved itself capable of exploring these kinds of questions with clarity, vigor and even a measure of nuance. But “Rogue One” has no such ambitions, no will to persuade the audience of anything other than the continued strength of the brand. It doesn’t so much preach to the choir as propagandize to the captives, telling us that we’re free spirits and partners on the journey. The only force at work here is the force of habit.",0
14477,Trump’s Biggest Obstacle to Policy Goals? His Own Missteps - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump’s failure to make good on his signature promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is the most crushing political defeat of his early days in the White House. But it is hardly the only one. Mr. Trump  —   who sold himself as a winner who could turn around a country that “doesn’t win anymore”  —   has endured a litany of missteps, controversies, resignations and investigations, all of which have dented his “I alone can fix it” vow to remake government with businesslike efficiency. A month shy of the   mark that presidents use to gauge success, Mr. Trump’s largely   setbacks are evidence of a novice politician, often uninterested in the inner workings of government, who is struggling to wield his constitutional authority or fully understand the limits of his office. “No administration has ever been off to a worse   start,” said Steve Schmidt, a longtime Republican strategist who served as a counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney. As Mr. Trump seeks to recover, the president’s difficulties in governing effectively  —   building coalitions, anticipating roadblocks, neutralizing opponents and seeing around the corner  —   pose a far greater threat to his coming initiatives on a tax code overhaul and infrastructure than any obstruction Democrats could come up with. Mr. Schmidt said the White House would have to be “delusional” not to recognize the depths of the challenges for the new president. The question for Mr. Trump, he added, is: “Does he learn lessons about Washington   from this debacle?” The answer to that question is not yet clear. Since Inauguration Day, Mr. Trump has fired his national security adviser for lying, watched as courts twice blocked his travel bans on some   countries and fumed as the F. B. I. announced that it was investigating his associates for any ties to Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign. On his watch, the military conducted a botched raid in Yemen  —   which he approved over dinner days into his presidency  —   and the United States military is investigating reports that perhaps as many as 200 civilians have been killed in recent airstrikes in Mosul, Iraq. Mexico’s president angrily canceled a White House visit amid a feud over Mr. Trump’s plan for a border wall. The president and his staff have uttered a long list of falsehoods, including an unfounded charge that President Barack Obama tapped his phones, that have entangled them in days of controversy. Mr. Trump’s approval ratings  —   never high to begin with  —   have sagged to the high 30s, the lowest ever recorded at this point in a presidency. White House officials say the president has had a number of successes, too. Sean Spicer, the press secretary, pointed to the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, the president’s   address to a joint session of Congress and the many executive orders the president has issued. “How many people have done this much in 60 days?” Mr. Spicer said. “There’s a lot of points on the board. ” Still, the president’s allies acknowledge that he has been hampered by a lack of disciplined planning and effective execution, often because the administration is furiously reacting to outside events or to one of Mr. Trump’s own unexpected Twitter posts. Newt Gingrich, the former Republican House speaker and a staunch supporter of Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign, said the Republicans’ decision to abandon the health care bill on Friday should persuade the president not to rely on Speaker Paul D. Ryan or other party allies to carry out his agenda. “He cannot delegate. The world he wants is so dramatically different from anything that they’ve experienced. ” Mr. Gingrich said. He described Mr. Trump as “so angry” at Republican lawmakers for their failure on the health care bill. “He’s angry at the fact that they spent several weeks going down a dead end where he was assured they had the votes,” Mr. Gingrich said. During a meeting with Mr. Trump at the White House on Friday, Mr. Ryan told the president that he was sorry the votes were not there. Mr. Trump bluntly told Mr. Ryan that many people had said he should have gone against the speaker’s advice and pursued a tax code overhaul first, a refrain the president has returned to frequently. But Mr. Gingrich rejected the idea that Mr. Trump’s presidency would be hobbled by the health care debacle or any of the other setbacks. He predicted that the president would win confirmation of Judge Gorsuch, and noted that even as the health care bill failed, Mr. Trump on Friday reversed Mr. Obama’s rejection of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, a project that is popular among Mr. Trump’s supporters. “He was the president this morning. He will be the president tomorrow. He has all the advantages that that implies,” Mr. Gingrich said. “He’s having a better presidency than anybody in the Washington media thinks. ” And Mr. Trump is not alone in making early missteps. President Bill Clinton got embroiled in an early controversy over service by gays in the military. And the effort by his wife, Hillary Clinton, to overhaul health care failed just as spectacularly as Mr. Trump’s did. Mr. Obama lost his bid for “cap and trade” legislation limiting carbon emissions, though that defeat came during his second year in office. Still, the challenge for Mr. Trump is clear: how to move past the daily turmoil and infighting inside the West Wing and prove that he can use his background as a businessman to advance the policies that he promised as a candidate. To win an overhaul of the nation’s tax code and a $1 trillion investment in public infrastructure, Mr. Trump will need to find a way to build winning coalitions in the House and the Senate by corralling the   factions in the Republican Party. That may be even more difficult on a tax overhaul than it was on health care, given the moneyed interests watching every proposed change. On some bipartisan goals, the president will have to seize the chance to pick up some Democratic votes as well. To succeed in his use of executive power, the president will need to be more deft in drafting orders that will not be challenged in court. Mr. Obama faced similar problems as he increasingly used his executive authority to get around a recalcitrant Republican Congress. To avoid being trapped in endless investigations, Mr. Trump will have to tone down his war of words with intelligence and law enforcement agencies. Investigations can drain the political life from a presidency, as Ronald Reagan found during the   scandal and Mr. Clinton learned during the Monica Lewinsky investigations. And if Mr. Trump wants to repair his personal credibility, which has been damaged in part by the many falsehoods he has articulated, he might have to curtail his use of Twitter. In an interview with The New York Times as Republicans conceded failure on the health care bill, Mr. Trump insisted that the legislative process was not unlike what he faced in his career in real estate. But Friday evening, the president told his   aides that his old business was easy compared with what he had just encountered in Washington. As Mr. Trump retired to the White House residence, he sounded tired in every way, including in spirit, his advisers said. There was a weariness about him that had not been present a day earlier. In the end, the ragged start to Mr. Trump’s presidency may be the result of the way he views his relationship to Washington  —   as an outsider with little respect for the niceties expected by career politicians, the news media, diplomats, lobbyists and interest groups. In his inaugural speech, the president condemned the establishment, calling it “a small group” that has “reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. ” And in an address at the Tennessee home of Andrew Jackson, the nation’s seventh president, Mr. Trump embraced the idea that there were parallels to his own presidency in Jackson’s. “It was during the Revolution that Jackson first confronted and defied an arrogant elite. Does that sound familiar to you?” Mr. Trump asked the crowd, smiling broadly. “Oh,” he said, “I know the feeling, Andrew. ”",0
14478,Jack Daniel’s Embraces a Hidden Ingredient: Help From a Slave - The New York Times,"LYNCHBURG, Tenn.  —   Every year, about 275, 000 people tour the Jack Daniel’s distillery here, and as they stroll through its brick buildings nestled in a   hollow, they hear a story like this: Sometime in the 1850s, when Daniel was a boy, he went to work for a preacher, grocer and distiller named Dan Call. The preacher was a busy man, and when he saw promise in young Jack, he taught him how to run his whiskey still  —   and the rest is history. This year is the 150th anniversary of Jack Daniel’s, and the distillery, home to one of the world’s   whiskeys, is using the occasion to tell a different, more complicated tale. Daniel, the company now says, didn’t learn distilling from Dan Call, but from a man named Nearis Green  —   one of Call’s slaves. This version of the story was never a secret, but it is one that the distillery has only recently begun to embrace, tentatively, in some of its tours, and in a social media and marketing campaign this summer. “It’s taken something like the anniversary for us to start to talk about ourselves,” said Nelson Eddy, Jack Daniel’s   historian. Frontier history is a gauzy and unreliable pursuit, and Nearis Green’s story  —   built on oral history and the thinnest of archival trails  —   may never be definitively proved. Still, the decision to tell it resonates far beyond this small city. For years, the prevailing history of American whiskey has been framed as a   affair, centered on German and   settlers who distilled their surplus grains into whiskey and sent it to   markets, eventually creating a $2. 9 billion industry and a product equally beloved by Kentucky colonels and Brooklyn hipsters. Left out of that account were men like Nearis Green. Slavery and whiskey, far from being two separate strands of Southern history, were inextricably entwined. Enslaved men not only made up the bulk of the distilling labor force, but they often played crucial skilled roles in the   process. In the same way that white cookbook authors often appropriated recipes from their black cooks, white distillery owners took credit for the whiskey. In deciding to talk about Green, Jack Daniel’s may be hoping to get ahead of a collision between the growing popularity of American whiskey among younger drinkers and a heightened awareness of the hidden racial politics behind America’s culinary heritage. Some also see the move as a savvy marketing tactic. “When you look at the history of Jack Daniel’s, it’s gotten glossier over the years,” said Peter Krass, the author of “Blood and Whiskey: The Life and Times of Jack Daniel. ” “In the 1980s, they aimed at yuppies. I could see them taking it to the next level, to millennials, who dig social justice issues. ” Jack Daniel’s says it simply wants to set the record straight. The Green story has been known to historians and locals for decades, even as the distillery officially ignored it. According to a 1967 biography, “Jack Daniel’s Legacy,” by Ben A. Green (no relation to Nearis) Call told his slave to teach Daniel everything he knew. “Uncle Nearest is the best whiskey maker that I know of,” the book quotes Call as saying. Slavery ended with ratification of the 13th Amendment in 1865, and Daniel opened his distillery a year later, employing two of Green’s sons. In a photo of Daniel and his workers taken in the late 19th century, a black man, possibly one of Green’s sons, sits at his immediate right  —   a sharp contrast to contemporaneous photos from other distilleries, where black employees were made to stand in the back rows. But corporate   was a rare practice in those days, and over time memories of Green and his sons faded. “I don’t think it was ever a conscious decision” to leave the Greens out of the company’s story, said Phil Epps, the global brand director for Jack Daniel’s at   which has owned the distillery for 60 years. Still, it is unlikely that anyone in the Jim Crow South thought a whiskey marketed to whites should emphasize its black roots. As the brand’s anniversary approached, the company started researching its various origin stories. It decided that the case for Nearis Green’s contribution was persuasive, and should be told. “As we dug into it, we realized it was something that we could be proud of,” Mr. Epps said. A business built on slave help may not seem like a selling point, which may explain why Jack Daniel’s is taking things slowly. The Green story is an optional part of the distillery tour, left to the tour guide’s discretion, and the company is still considering whether it will flesh out the story in new displays at its visitors center. However far the distillery decides to go, it is placing itself at the center of a larger issue that distillers and whiskey historians have begun to grapple with only in the last few years: the deep ties between slavery and whiskey. “It’s about paying down the debts of pleasure that have accrued over time,” said John T. Edge, the director of the Southern Foodways Alliance at the University of Mississippi. An exhibit on George Washington and slavery opening this fall at the first president’s Northern Virginia home, Mount Vernon, documents how he relied on six slaves (and two Scottish foremen) to run his rye whiskey distillery, one of the largest on the East Coast. “They were key to the operation in making whiskey,” said Steve Bashore, who helps run a working replica of Washington’s distillery. “In the ledgers, the slaves are actually listed as distillers. ” Slavery accompanied distilling as it moved inland in the late 18th century, to the newly settled regions that would become Tennessee and Kentucky. Though slave owning was nowhere near as common there as it was farther south, by the 1800s many successful farmers had at least a few slaves, who tended to be closely involved with whiskey production. Some of the earliest prominent Kentucky distillers, like Elijah Craig, Henry McKenna and Jacob Spears, relied on slaves to run their operations. (Craig and McKenna’s names are now on whiskeys made by Heaven Hill Brands, but those were created long after slavery was abolished.) Washington wasn’t the only president to use slaves in his distillery. In an 1805 advertisement, Andrew Jackson offered a bounty for a runaway slave named George, whom he identified as “a good distiller. ” Databases of ads for slave sales, as well as runaway slaves, are full of references to slaves as skilled whiskey distillers. In 1794, a Richmond, Va. man placed a $20 bounty on a slave named Will, who “has a large scar on his right side just below his ribs” and “understands making of whiskey. ” Slaves did more than just provide physical labor. If Green taught Daniel to distill, said Michael Twitty, a food historian, he probably would have drawn on generations of   skills: American slaves had their own traditions of alcohol production, going back to the corn beer and fruit spirits of West Africa, and many Africans made alcohol illicitly while in slavery. “There’s something to be said for the fact that Africans and Europeans were both people in the Southeast who carried with them ancient traditions for making alcohol,” Mr. Twitty said. Another aspect of the Jack Daniel’s tradition that is being reassessed is the   Lincoln County process, in which unaged whiskey is passed through several feet of maple charcoal, which removes impurities and imparts a slight sweetness. According to legend, the process was invented in 1825 by a white Tennessean named Alfred Eaton. But Mr. Eddy, the Jack Daniel’s historian, and others now say it’s just as likely that the practice evolved from slave distilling traditions, in which charcoal helped remove some of the sting from illicitly made alcohol. Other contributions are even harder to pin down. Though slave owners tended to value their slaves’ distilling prowess, they rarely documented how the slaves made such fine spirits. Evidence often has to be found outside the archives. Recent archaeological work in Kentucky has uncovered material pointing to slave distilling at a number of sites, including the famed Pepper distillery near Frankfort and another operation owned by Jack Jouett, a Revolutionary War hero. “It’s like looking at slave distillers out of the corner of your eye,” said Nicolas Laracuente, an archaeologist who has worked extensively at the site of Jouett’s house. “The reason we’re not finding them in the archives is that they didn’t have the right to be recognized. ” Mike Veach, a whiskey historian, said the influence of enslaved African distillers may explain a mystery in the development of American whiskey. Traces of German,   and English distilling traditions are evident in the American style, but there’s much that can’t be traced to an earlier source  —   a gap that slave traditions might fill. “I don’t know what role slaves would have played,” Mr. Veach said, “but I’m sure it was there. ” Fred Minnick, the author of “Bourbon Curious: A Simple Tasting Guide for the Savvy Drinker,” said it’s doubtful that a full accounting of enslaved people’s contribution to American whiskey will ever be written. “It’s extremely sad that these slave distillers will never get the credit they deserve,” he said. “We likely won’t ever even know their names. ” Despite the recent attention from Jack Daniel’s, Nearis Green’s name is just a faint echo, even among several of his descendants who live in the area. Claude Eady, 91, who worked for the distillery from 1946 to 1989, said he was related to Green “on my mother’s side,” but didn’t know much about him. “I heard his name around,” he said. “The only thing I knew was that he helped Jack Daniel make whiskey. ”",0
14479,EXCLUSIVE – Rep. Ron DeSantis: Trump Should Ignore Palestinian Threats Over Moving Embassy to Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM  —   Speaking from Jerusalem in a Breitbart Jerusalem exclusive interview, Congressman Ron DeSantis ( ) strongly rejected Palestinian threats regarding the possibility of the U. S. moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. [DeSantis, chairman of the subcommittee for National Security for the House Oversight Committee, was in Israel on Saturday and Sunday with a small delegation as part of a   tour to study the possibility of relocating the U. S. Embassy to Jerusalem.  In response to his visit, Ziad Khalil Abu Zayyad, a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas’s Fatah Party warned, the “US Congress should understand that moving the US embassy to Jerusalem will explode the situation in the Mena region (Middle East and North Africa. ” “This same team should consult with its military and political consultants in the (U. S.) State Department that stated several times in the past that (such) actions put American interests and presence in the region in danger,” Zayyad said. Numerous PA officials in recent weeks made similar statements about the possibility of violence in response to any embassy relocation to Jerusalem. Responding to those threats, DeSantis told this reporter: They say that about if we were to do anything. There is always going to be a pretext for them to use to go on their cycle of violence. As you’ve mentioned, they rejected peace time and time again. So, I think for us to do policy based on what a Palestinian Arab is saying they are going to do in response given their history is unacceptable. The second thing is, I think it would actually be very good for Donald Trump to follow through with his promise. Because I think it will show that this is a guy who means business. That he is exercising leadership. That he is not afraid to take bold action even in the face of these threats. And ultimately in the Arab world they have a different psychology than in the Western World. They respect strength. And they respect a strong horse. So, if you cower in the face of these threats to me you will end up losing respect not only from Palestinian Arabs, but also from some of the Arab states in the Gulf. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
14480,How Donald Trump Used Hollywood to Create ‘Donald Trump’ - The New York Times,"Most politicians have a public record of speeches and votes on issues of the day, but Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee for president, has left a different type of record: a   presence in TV shows, movies, documentaries, pageants and even professional wrestling events over 30 years. His first television appearance seems to have been an uncredited 1981 cameo on the sitcom “The Jeffersons. ” Since then, Mr. Trump has seized on opportunities to create a recurring character over three decades: a    New York billionaire named Donald Trump. His cameos have included numerous TV shows (“The Nanny,” “Fresh Prince of ” “Sex and the City”) and movies (“Home Alone 2,” “Zoolander” and Woody Allen’s “Celebrity. ”). Including his many interviews on   talk shows, appearances on beauty pageant and professional wrestling shows, and a recurring role on his reality program “The Apprentice,” his credits have numbered in the hundreds, according to the Internet Movie Database. His memorable cameos have been collected in at least one YouTube supercut. This public record has created problems for Trump the candidate. It was an appearance in 2005 on “Access Hollywood,” that caused serious damage to his campaign earlier this month.    audio leaked in which Mr. Trump used lewd and vulgar language to describe women and his behavior toward them, prompting a series of women to come forward and claim that he had groped them or otherwise behaved inappropriately. On talk shows, frequent discussions about the presidency Mr. Trump’s interest in the presidency has been threaded through his pop culture persona for decades. In 1988, as tabloids covered his tumultuous marriage to Ivana Trump, he began to discuss his presidential aspirations on the talk show circuit. When asked by Oprah Winfrey if he planned to run, Mr. Trump replied, “Probably not, but I do get tired of seeing the country ripped off. ” He added: “I think I’d win. I tell you what, I wouldn’t go in to lose. ” Shortly after the 1988 election, Mr. Trump told David Letterman that he was mulling a presidential run. “I’m not sure that you want to see the United States become a winner,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Letterman. This    continued for years. “Is it another phony campaign?” Mr. Letterman asked Mr. Trump in a “Late Show” segment last year, “or are you really running?” We all know how that turned out. In a recent interview with The Times, Mr. Letterman described their relationship as ultimately playful, but called Mr. Trump a “damaged person” because of his behavior on the campaign trail. On sitcoms and in movies, a symbol of wealth, ruthlessness and New York City  Mr. Trump has almost always played himself. He won a Razzie Award for his 1989 portrayal of “Donald Trump” in “Ghosts Don’t Do It,” a romantic comedy. Between 1989 and 2004, he showed up in at least 10 movies as himself  —   or some approximation. Whether he appeared as a V. I. P. at Studio 54 or a rascal’s dad in “Little Rascals,” his character played up ruthless behavior toward wealth, business practices and women. In one case, Mr. Trump had a direct hand in shaping his characters: Peter Marc Jacobson, a creator of the sitcom “The Nanny,” said that he had received a note from Mr. Trump’s representative that quibbled over a script’s reference to the real estate mogul’s wealth. The script called him a millionaire. “Since he’s a billionaire, he would like the line changed accordingly,” the note read. In the end, Mr. Jacobson changed the script to say “zillionaire. ” He also framed the note. “It’s so bizarre and so narcissistic that somebody would want something like that changed,” Mr. Jacobson said. “It’s a sitcom. You want to be humble about it. ” On reality TV, a stern mentor  In “The Apprentice” and “The Celebrity Apprentice,” competition reality shows that Mr. Trump hosted from 2004 through 2015, the businessman found a way to use business failures to his advantage, claiming they had made him the consummate businessman. “I fought back and I won,” Mr. Trump said. “Big league. ” Now was time to pass on that knowledge to somebody else, he said. “The Apprentice” billed itself as a show that collected contestants from all economic and educational backgrounds. The ultimate prize was a job close to Mr. Trump. But behind the scenes, more than 20 people who worked on the show said that Mr. Trump’s behavior was sexist and demeaning toward women, according to a report filed in October by The Associated Press. One former crew member said that Mr. Trump asked a group of male contestants if they’d sleep with one of their female competitors. That person, whom The Associated Press did not identify because of a nondisclosure agreement, added: “Everyone is trying to make him stop talking, and the woman is shrinking in her seat. ” On “Saturday Night Live,” a host  —   and a target  Mr. Trump hosted the comedy sketch show twice, once in 2014 and again last November, several months after he had announced his run for the presidency. “Whatever one can say about Donald Trump, he’s shrewd about the TV business,” James Poniewozik, a critic for The Times, wrote in his review of Mr. Trump’s 2015 hosting gig. “He knows what pressures producers work under, he knows what he can deliver in ratings and he knows the leverage that gives him. ” Lately, Mr. Trump has been the subject of overt mocking from the SNL crew, which has cast the actor Alec Baldwin to exaggerate Mr. Trump’s mannerisms and lampoon his recent statements about immigration, women and minorities. Mr. Trump did not appreciate the joke. “Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me,” Mr. Trump tweeted on Oct. 16. “Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!” On professional wrestling, a wealthy benefactor  Mr. Trump has made several appearances on World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. productions. In his role, he appeared as himself, styled as a beloved voice of the people who butted heads with Vince McMahon, W. W. E. ’s chief executive. In 2007 on “WrestleMania 23,” Mr. Trump tackled Mr. McMahon to the floor and shaved his head. “Donald Trump is in a world he is not familiar with,” a commentator says. “This is not real estate. ” Another time, Mr. Trump appeared as a moneyed benefactor, dropping what appeared to be $50 and $100 bills in a gesture of audience appreciation. “Right now I’m dropping buckets of cash,” Mr. Trump said. The audience went wild. When asked about the origins of Mr. Trump’s relationship with professional wrestling, the W. W. E. declined to comment. A divisive Hollywood star In recent years, Mr. Trump has become a polarizing presence in the entertainment industry. In 2007, in the midst of an ugly feud with Rosie O’Donnell and three years into firing people on “The Apprentice,” Mr. Trump was feted with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. (The celebrity typically has to  raise around $30, 000 for a star and its maintenance.) But on Wednesday, Mr. Trump’s star, a site already vulnerable to vandals, was destroyed by a man with a hammer. His name had been chipped away.",0
14481,Bombshell: 2006 audio of Hillary Clinton proposing rigging Palestine election,"Print 
For thos who stubbornly insist that the words election and rig have never been uttered in the same sentence by wannabe president Hillary Clinton, here’s a little sound bite you might have trouble making sense of. 
The recording was made on September 5, 2006, by an editor of the “Jewish Press,” during a meeting with Clinton in her race for re-election to the U.S. Senator. 
Via The Observer : 
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to [Editor Eli] Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer. 
[…] 
Speaking … about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). 
In the clip, which appears below, Clinton can be heard plainly saying: 
I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.",0
14482,"The Padres Have San Diego, and the Spotlight, to Themselves - The New York Times","PEORIA, Ariz.  —   Wil Myers hates the feeling of batting gloves, so he never wears them. This time of year, especially, he spends a lot of quality time with his bats, twirling them like batons in the San Diego Padres’ clubhouse, gripping and waggling them around in his massive hands. He needs to build up calluses on his palms. “They’re a little soft now,” said Myers, the Padres’ first baseman. “I’m already cracking there a little bit. ” Feelings are raw, too, on the San Diego sports scene. The departure of the Chargers for Los Angeles last month did not hit Myers personally he is not a football fan, not even of the Carolina Panthers, who play less than a mile from his   home in North Carolina. But the Chargers’ move leaves the Padres as the only major pro sports team in town, and a singular entity in baseball. Every other team in the majors has at least one neighbor in the N. F. L. the N. B. A. or the N. H. L. Only the Padres have a whole market to themselves. Yet after their sixth losing season in a row, at   they cannot offer a winning alternative to soothe the loss of the Chargers. “It stings, collectively, throughout the city, and everybody feels that,” Padres Manager Andy Green said. “I don’t think it’s really our responsibility to try to replace the Chargers I don’t think we’re capable of doing that, nor are we trying to do that. But we’re going to try to rally this city together behind a team that is building something for the future of San Diego and recognizing that we’re San Diego’s team. ” The Padres have been San Diego’s team since 1969, when they joined the National League as a    expansion franchise that lost 110 games. All these years later, in generic white and navy, they still have not won a championship. The Chargers never won a Super Bowl, either they were routed in their only appearance, in 1995, just as the Padres were swiftly beaten in the World Series of 1984 and 1998. The memory of that latter run, at least, sustains the current group. “You talk to Trevor Hoffman, and he talks about what the fans were like when they were making their World Series push,” said Austin Hedges, a young catcher who lives in town, speaking of the Padres’ former star closer. “It’s an incredible city that loves their sports teams. We don’t really think about the Chargers being gone we just know what we’re capable of and what we want to bring to the city, and that’s a championship. ” For this season, anyway, the Padres might be further from that goal than any other team. They recently signed Myers, who had 28 homers and 28 steals last season, to a   $83 million contract extension. But several positions are unsettled, and with few reliable starters, Green has said he may consider a piggyback style of game management, with starters replaced quickly by long relievers. Far below the surface, though, the Padres believe they are positioned well. Last summer, with several   teams restricted in their spending allotments, General Manager A. J. Preller poured $70 million into the draft and international markets. He also made several trades for prospects, bolstering a farm system whose talent level has risen to third in baseball, from 20th, in rankings by ESPN’s Keith Law. Only the Braves and the Yankees rank higher. Preller was perhaps too aggressive in his trades he was suspended for a month late last season after the commissioner’s office determined the Padres had not provided complete medical records to rival teams. But the result of the whirlwind season, Preller hopes, will be the kind of foundation that has helped his old team, the Texas Rangers, win throughout this decade. “When you build something, you’re not trying to be mediocre, where you have a team that, if you hit everything, can win 85 games and get a wild card,” he said. “Hopefully you’re able to build it where you’ve got a chance to have a window for a number of years and you have waves of talent coming in, so even if you don’t get a lot of things right, you still have so much depth and so many players that you can have a chance to win   games every year and compete for a World Series. That’s the   we have, and I think the fans understand. ” Soon after the Padres hired Preller in August 2014, he engineered a flurry of trades for veterans like Matt Kemp, Craig Kimbrel and Justin Upton. The fans responded, with attendance rising to 2. 45 million in 2015, the highest since 2007, when the Padres were coming off consecutive division titles. But when the 2015 team flopped, Preller pivoted quickly, dealing away some of the newcomers and letting others leave for   compensation. While one trade backfired badly (acquiring Kemp from the Dodgers for catcher Yasmani Grandal) it was a worthwhile strategy the Padres needed a jolt, and Preller had planned to rebuild the farm system, anyway. He said it was healthy to raise expectations at the start, so fans would understand that the team would try anything to win. “You find out a lot when people expect you to do well,” Preller said. “Sometimes it can be easier when people view you as the underdog and there’s not a lot of expectation on exactly what you’re going to do. When you really have it going well is when you have expectations for your franchise and you’re able to meet or exceed those expectations every year. That’s the franchise we want to get to, and we’re hopefully building toward that. ” The Padres acquired their best prospect, the    center fielder Manuel Margot, before last season in a trade with the Boston Red Sox. Last summer, in the Futures Game in San Diego, Margot made a leaping catch to rob a home run. He returned for a   cameo after hitting . 304 with 30 steals in Class AAA. “Manny Margot is a really exciting baseball player,” Green said. “He plays with a big smile on his face. He flies around the field. He’s kind of a slasher at the plate who’s going to hit the ball all over the yard, take competitive   and be a real threat on the basepaths. ” Padres fans have heard about prospects before, of course every losing team likes to promote its future. The difference now is that fans have no local alternative. The spotlight is theirs, and the Padres promise a good performance. They just need time. “We could become very popular,” Myers said. “We start winning, the city rallies around us  —   once we do take that next step to being a great team, I think it could be really cool for the city. ”",0
14483,Five-Year-Old Girl Suspended After Making ’Shooting Motion’ with Stick Shaped Like Gun - Breitbart,"A    girl in Hoke County, North Carolina, was suspended for one day after she made a “shooting motion” with a stick shaped like a gun. [The girl —  Caitlin Miller —  was playing “Kings and Queens” at recess on Friday and her role in the game was “to protect the royals. ” She picked up a stick shaped like a gun to do this and, according to ABC 11, “Hoke County Schools said Caitlin posed a threat to other students when she made a shooting motion, thus violating policy 4331. ”  Caitlin’s mother, Brandy Miller, says her daughter “was alienated by her friends and teachers as a result of the suspension” and is hopeful that the school will apologize to Caitlin. As of the now, the school system is standing by the suspension. They issued a statement, saying: Hoke County Schools will not tolerate assaults, threats or harassment from any student. Any student engaging in such behavior will be removed from the classroom or school environment for as long as is necessary to provide a safe and orderly environment for learning. Hoke County School Superintendent Freddie Williamson knows about the suspension. On March 23 Breitbart News reported that    Hunter Jackson was suspended for seven days from his   A Place to Grow, for bringing an empty . 22 casing to school. Hunter’s mother said “a stone faced teacher” handed her a letter announcing the suspension and told her that Hunter had brought a “shotgun bullet” to school. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
14484,UK Government Hosts Europe’s Largest ’Jew Hate Event’ Allegedly Linked to Terror,"A Government building in Westminster is hosting the “biggest ever in Europe”   event, organised by a group allegedly linked to   Islamists, and terror groups. [Palestine Expo 2017 is due to take place just yards away from Parliament in the Queen Elizabeth II Centre, which is owned by the Government and operated by an agency of the Department for Communities and Local Government. The building was reportedly one of those considered as a venue to host Parliament itself when the Palace of Westminster is closed for renovations.  Although presented as a   introduction to Palestinian history and culture, the event will host Islamist and   speakers and has been described as a “Jew hate event” by Jewish groups. BE THERE! Get your #EarlyBird tickets now, offer ends 31 May: https:  . #FreePalestine #BDS #endoccupation #Freegaza pic. twitter.   —   Friends of Al Aqsa (@FriendsofAlAqsa) May 13, 2017,  The event, to be held on the 8th and 9th of July, has been organised by the   Friends of   (FOA) which claims it is “concerned with defending the human rights of Palestinians and protecting the sacred   Sanctuary in Jerusalem”. The group, however, is allegedly linked to the Hamas terror group, has supported Islamists funded by Iran’s Khomenist regime, and openly publishes the work of Paul Eisen, described as a Holocaust denier by   papers such as The Guardian. The group’s founder and chair, Ismail Patel, was a supporter of the late French Holocaust denier Roger Garaudy has been pictured with Hamas leaders. At a 2009 rally, Mr Patel told the crowd: “Hamas is no terrorist organisation. The reason they hate Hamas is because they refuse to be subjugated, occupied by the Israeli state, and we salute Hamas for standing up to Israel [  …    ] to the state of Israel: you no longer represent the Jewish people. ” Hamas is a fundamentalist,   militant group widely classed as a terror organisation, most notably by Israel, the U. S. and the European Union (EU). There are also widely published claims that FOA has further links to Hamas via Patel’s work with the British Muslim Initiative (BMI) links to Khomenist Iran due to support for the Islamic Human Rights Commission, and links to the   Islamists of the Muslim Brotherhood due to support for the charity Interpal. According to UK Media Watch: “‘Friends of Al Aqsa’ is one of the more extremist Islamist organizations at work in Britain today. It supports the Muslim   charity “Interpal” (proscribed by the US Treasury) and advertises it on its website. “It collaborates with the Khomenist   faux human rights organization known as the Islamic Human Rights Commission in organizing events such as Al Quds day at which public support is expressed for the Iranian proxy militia Hizbollah. ” In line with these concerns, Jewish Human Rights Watch has written to the Queen Elizabeth II Centre, calling on them to “cancel the Jew hate event” which they also say is linked to Hamas and claim could be in breach of the Equalities Act. . @QEIICentre CANCEL @FriendsofAlAqsa @PSCupdates #JewHateFestival @PalestineExpo https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jewish HR Watch (@jhrwatch) May 3, 2017,  The event is playing host to Tariq Ramadan, a famous   Islamist philosopher who is the grandson of the Muslim Brotherhood founder Hasan  . Also on the bill is outgoing National Union of Students (NUS) president Malia Bouattia, who was condemned for “outright racism” by MPs and was found to have made potentially   comments by an internal report.",0
14485,Multi-Faith Assemblies to Replace Christian Worship in Schools,"A   London council has become the first nationwide to allow its schools to opt out of providing Christian assemblies.[    schools are required by law to offer a daily act of worship which must be “wholly or mainly of a broadly Christian character” unless granted special dispensation by the local authority.  But Brent Council in   London has used that loophole to offer all its schools an   encouraging them to take up the option and replace Christian worship with   assemblies, the Mirror has reported. Its approach has been lauded by the Accord Coalition, an alliance of religious groups, humanists, trade unions, and human rights campaigners who lobby against faith schools, which has recognised Brent Council in its Inclusivity Awards 2017. Chair of the judging panel, Rabbi Dr. Jonathan Romain MBE, said: ”Society may be   but is   with many also of no   and so uniform worship should no longer be compulsory for our educational system. “The current worship laws are unpopular and prevent schools from providing an inspiring programme of assemblies that are truly inclusive of all staff and children. “Some schools find the laws so unworkable that they have stopped providing assemblies altogether. “As society does not have a shared faith, we cannot worship together. Brent Council’s ground breaking approach rescues an opportunity for pupils to communally explore and forge shared values, in a way that is workable and respectful. “We hope all other local authorities will take inspiration from Brent Council’s approach, which we highly commend. ” Christian campaigners, however, have expressed dismay, arguing that a shared understanding of Christianity underpins social cohesion within the country. Tim Dieppe of Christian Concern told LBC radio that the measure marked a step backwards. Explaining that the   was intended for   faith schools, he said: “I’m not sure this is the right approach. “The Rabbi mentioned social cohesion  —   I think social cohesion is very important, and what has provided the social cohesion for this country for many centuries up [un]til now is Christianity  —   as a basis for our moral foundation and our spiritual foundation, and the basis for many of our laws and culture. ”",0
14486,Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer at AIPAC: For First Time in Years ’No Daylight’ between U.S and Israel,"The Algemeiner reports:  “When it comes to the great challenges facing Israel and the United States, for the first time in many years, perhaps in many decades, there is no daylight between our two governments,” the Jewish state’s top diplomat in Washington declared on Sunday. [Israeli Ambassador to the US Ron Dermer was speaking at the opening session of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s annual policy conference at the Washington Convention Center.  According to Dermer, “there was a meeting of the minds” when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with US President Donald Trump last month at the White House. “That has made me even more confident that our alliance will be considerably stronger in the years ahead,” Dermer went on to say. Read more here.",0
14487,What the Seesaw Jobs Numbers Are Really Telling Us - The New York Times,"The job market is fine. That’s the most important single idea to take out of the June employment report published Friday morning. A month ago it looked as if there might well be an economic slowdown underway to add to the mix of a polarizing presidential election, geopolitical turbulence and violence. The good news is that doesn’t appear to be the case. The blockbuster 287, 000 jobs the Labor Department reported employers added in June surely overstates the pace of improvement, just as surely as the miserable 11, 000 jobs reported to have been added in May understated it. (The May number was originally reported as an    38, 000.) A Verizon strike contributed to the seesaw, but most of it is probably driven by a mix of sampling error and the sometimes weird effects of seasonal adjustment. So as a starting point to gauge how the economy is actually doing, we can average the two months. The 149, 000 jobs added per month is consistent with many other signs we see, such as steadily positive readings on surveys of businesses about their growth and hiring intentions. It is, however, a step down from the speedier job growth in the recent past. In 2015 the economy added an average of 229, 000 jobs a month. Still, in some ways that slower pace of job creation is utterly foreseeable, and not even necessarily bad news. After the 2008 recession, employers could add jobs almost as rapidly as they wished, because so many unemployed people were waiting on the sidelines of the job market available to be hired. With the unemployment rate now below 5 percent, it was inevitable that the pace of job growth would slow to something in the ballpark of 100, 000 jobs a month. It shouldn’t be surprising, or cause for alarm, that that’s exactly what’s happening in 2016. But the payroll numbers that get the most attention are only a piece of the story. What do the other data buried in the   report tell us about how the economy is doing as we push toward Election Day? There, the news is mixed. The unemployment rate rose to 4. 9 percent for a combination of good and bad reasons. The good news is that the labor force rose by 414, 000 people, partly reversing a negative trend from the previous two months. If it continues, that would be a sign that higher wages and steady job growth are coaxing people to work. The bad news is that most of those people didn’t find work the number of people unemployed rose by 347, 000. Translation: More Americans said they wanted work, but couldn’t find it. But that is in many ways better than indications that they don’t even want work. It suggests that over time they will find jobs and provide a lift to incomes and economic growth, even if they were still on the sidelines in June. Similarly mixed: Average hourly wages rose only 0. 1 percent in June, below the 0. 2 percent analysts had forecast. But those numbers are jumpy, and the 2. 6 percent rise in hourly earnings over the last year does imply a rising standard of living in this time of very low inflation. So halfway through 2016, where are we? The economy continues to grow and the job market continues to improve  —   not at the blockbuster pace that the June payrolls number might imply, but at a steady rate that is likely to put Americans to work and deliver higher wages over time. The fear that the May numbers induced should subside for now. These numbers are for a period that predates Britain’s vote to exit the European Union, but that, too, is likely to have only indirect effects on America’s economy (through global financial markets, for example). The job market is what we thought it was: not great. Not awful. Fine.",0
14488,House Republicans Close to an Obamacare Repeal Deal - Breitbart,"House Freedom Caucus and moderate Republicans are edging closer to a deal on repealing Obamacare. [The agreement, brokered by House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows ( ) and Tuesday Group   Tom MacArthur ( ) would allow states to eliminate Obamacare’s community rating system, a rule that prohibits health insurers from pricing health care plans based on age, gender, or health status. States that repeal Obamacare’s community rating rules would have to join a federal   pool or establish a local   pool to obtain the waiver.  The deal, known as the MacArthur amendment, would also reinstate Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits, although states could waive Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits if they were to prove that eliminating those regulations would lower premiums, increase the number of people insured, or “advance another benefit to the public interest in the state. ” Essential Health Benefits require that health insurance plans must cover certain services such as doctors’ services, inpatient or outpatient hospital care, prescription drugs, pregnancy, childbirth, and mental health. House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows explained to Breitbart News exclusively earlier this month that he expected House Republicans to unite around common principles and pass an Obamacare repeal that will lower premiums for Americans soon. Meadows told Breitbart News: I’m optimistic that we’ve at least found some potential common ground. Conservative requests and those from those that represent districts that may have a more moderate constituency don’t want to suggest anything other than the discussions have been extremely good over the last 72 hours and the   conditions that must be addressed on behalf of the president and certainly most members of our GOP conference including myself, that issue is where we’re working very diligently to make sure we cover it in the legislation but then we also cover it in a number of ways whether it be through a   pool or through a guaranteed issue provision that’s out there. So, we still believe providing waivers at the state level from many of the Obamacare mandates that drive up costs might be a real path forward so I would say that conversations between moderates and conservatives are very constructive and it’s been due in no small part to the active involvement of the White House and leadership in trying to make sure we get a good bill —  a better bill —  going forward over to the Senate. Meadows also predicted that the renewed negotiations would create a better Obamacare repeal bill. Meadows said: I can tell you the president has communicated to me on more than four different occasions that he wants the very best bill possible for the American people and that he believes that not only will we get a better bill but with everyone’s input —  not just conservative members, but conservatives, moderates and those that are in between —  that we’ll get a better bill and we’ll shock the American people when they actually see their healthcare insurance premiums come down. I’m confident we’re going to get there mainly because the president literally not only wants to repeal and replace Obamacare, but the other part of that is he wants to drive down premiums for all Americans. Freedom Caucus sources say that that the MacArthur amendment would secure 25 to 30 more votes from conservatives and that the new bill would get “very close” to 216 votes. Sources revealed that 18 to 20 of those “yes” vote would be new. House leadership scheduled a conference call this Saturday with    members of the GOP to discuss the MacArthur Amendment. Speaker Ryan suggested that Republicans are close to a deal on repealing Obamacare. He said, “We’re in the midst of negotiating sort of finishing touches. ”",0
14489,Is too much 'screen time' hurting your kids' mental growth?,"Is too much 'screen time' hurting your kids' mental growth? 
  Daniel Barker Tags: children , screen time , limits (NaturalNews) In an effort to steer away from its previous one-size-fits-all policy, the American Association of Pediatrics (AAP) has issued a new set of guidelines regarding how much time children should spend in front of television and computer screens.Until now, the AAP had recommended no more than two hours of ""screen time"" for children – regardless of their age, the type of content viewed or which medium was being used.Recognizing that such a blanket approach could not effectively address the issues at hand, the AAP has recently taken steps to broaden its policies.From Gizmodo.com:""In a series of papers published today in the science journal Pediatrics, it's clear that the AAP has significantly revised its thinking on the matter, breaking down media use according to all these criteria. And to support parents with these new recommendations, the AAP has published an interactive, online tool that families can use to create a personalized Family Media Use Plan."" AAP's new 'screen time' guidelines The new recommendations are aimed at the unique circumstances of various age groups. For example, the AAP recommends that children under 18 months should avoid screens altogether, except for limited occasions, such as social media sessions with grandparents.Children between the ages of 18 and 24 months may be introduced to digital media, but the content should be ""high-quality programming,"" and watched together with parents.Kids between the ages of 2 and 5 should be limited to one hour of high-quality programming, which also should be watched in the presence of parents.Parents should impose ""consistent limits"" on the time spent in front of a screen by children 6 and older, especially for entertainment purposes. Children should not be allowed to sleep with their smartphones, tablets, etc., and should have one media-free hour before bedtime.Media-free times such as during meals should be established, and media-free zones in the household should be defined.Making sure kids get an hour of daily exercise and enough sleep at night is also part of the equation, according to the AAP. Parenting in the digital age ain't easy As logical as these recommendations may sound, implementing them may not always be easy. Most parents know that limiting their kids' online time isn't always easy, and many would be forced to admit that digital media can be a helpful tool in managing children :""Parents obviously want to raise healthy children who aren't constantly glued to computer screens, but these devices are a godsend for those moments when a parent needs to make dinner, or when they simply need to go to the bathroom. ...""When it comes to limiting screen time , there's a tradeoff between parental health, and the needs of a child—and that needs to be acknowledged.""Let's face it, smartphones play a big part in our children's lives now, for better or for worse. There is also an age when a parent can no longer police a child's online activity without invading his or her privacy.The best thing a parent can do is to set consistent rules for younger children's screen time, and to try to help them learn to use the technology without becoming hopelessly addicted to it.One way to accomplish that is by setting an example. How much time do you spend in front of a TV, computer or smartphone screen yourself in the presence of your children?Many adults are as hopelessly addicted to digital media as their teens or children are. If you expect a child to limit their time online, you must be willing to do the same.You might even try doing something completely out of the ordinary, like reading a book to your child, or having your child read one to you.As crazy as it might sound, there was a time when such practices were common. ... Sources:",0
14490,"Julianna Margulies, in Closing Arguments for ‘The Good Wife’ - The New York Times","After an acclaimed   run, “The Good Wife” comes to an end on Sunday, May 8. And as the television show’s creators, the    team of Robert and Michelle King, and its star, Julianna Margulies, gathered at a SoHo hotel for an interview in   just three days after filming the 156th and final episode of the CBS drama, it was clear they hadn’t quite decompressed yet. “Someone said ‘You must feel great, you wrapped,’” Ms. Margulies said. “And I said, ‘I feel like I’m in a dream.’ I’m not quite there yet. ” [ The cast of “The Good Wife” on favorite moments from the show ] “The Good Wife”  —   initially inspired by the spectacle of     news conferences like those involving Silda Wall Spitzer, married to the disgraced governor of New York  —   traced the professional and personal   of Alicia Florrick (Ms. Margulies) the wife of a discredited politician forced to resume her legal career to support her family. With wryly literate writing, complicated characters and timely explorations of issues like abortion, gun rights, gay marriage and government surveillance, the hourlong drama was an outlier among the procedurals and nighttime soap operas of the broadcast networks. And shows of its kind  —   serialized dramas stretching nearly two dozen episodes each season  —   may well be a vanishing breed as actors and writers tire of the grueling   filming schedules, preferring the shorter seasons of prestige cable and limited network series. The Kings’ next TV endeavor is the   “BrainDead” on CBS this summer, a satirical   of   horror and Washington politics. During a nearly   interview, Ms. Margulies and the Kings often finished one another’s sentences and joked about working together again  —   on a   show about a female Stalin. In these edited excerpts, they chatted about their goals for the finale, the changes in Alicia and the challenges of shooting sex scenes for broadcast television. Earlier this year, there were rumblings that “The Good Wife” might return for an eighth season even though the Kings were leaving. How did the decision to end the show come about? JULIANNA MARGULIES I felt like I was put between a rock and a hard place. I was getting messages from all over the place that if you want to keep doing the show, CBS will do it. And in the beginning of the year, Michelle and Robert came to me and said we’re writing the show as if it were ending, because we’re out. So suddenly I felt like I was put in this very precarious position. If I say yes, I’m screwing them over, because they had a vision for the show, and it’s their baby. And if I say no, the network’s going to be angry, and so is the cast and the crew. But then CBS made that decision for me, and I didn’t have to do a thing. David Stapf, who is the head of CBS Studios, called me and he said, ‘The last thing that I would want of the show that has been a feather in CBS’s cap for seven years is for the eighth year, without the Kings, to be the one where critics start saying they should have ended when the Kings did.’ And he’s right. I think they were honoring the Kings’ intentions. ROBERT KING Plus, we were sabotaging things. We kept starting trash fires in the writers’ room. [Everyone laughs.] Finales can be tricky endeavors, given how viewers chime in on social media. What was your vision for the ending of “The Good Wife”? MICHELLE KING The only thing I’ll say is that the show has always been all about Alicia. So the finale just had to honor the end of Alicia’s journey. ROBERT KING One of the things we wanted to do is show how much that character had changed. Not just a   change but progressively over seven seasons. That’s why there are some memories in some of the shows we’ve done this year. What were the biggest changes for Alicia? MARGULIES I think her biggest change was not caring what people thought. Which enabled her to forge ahead. She stopped worrying about being the good girl, even though deep down inside that’s who she’ll always be, inherently. And as Alicia started to become better at her job, she managed to change who she was in her private life. MICHELLE KING I do think she’s a different person. Thematically for the series, it’s all about what are the consequences of even unfortunate things in your life. Alicia started with something horrible, when she was publicly humiliated. Her husband cheated on her with prostitutes. But that’s what pushed her to have this new and interesting life. Is bad news always bad news? I think you’ll see that question raised all over. How else did the show change during its seven seasons? MICHELLE KING In Season 1, it was more   in terms of   cases versus serialized stories. And then the show became more serialized. And it’s tricky to do. There’s a reason that serialized shows live more on cable and streaming than they do on network. Because it’s really hard to top yourself 22 times and not get to melodrama. “Scandal” embraces it, and good for them. They don’t try to live in reality. But if you try to live in reality, like “The Good Wife” does, that’s a difficult thing to do. ROBERT KING You couldn’t keep throwing the bombs that we could throw in the fifth season when we knew Josh Charles [who played Will Gardner, Alicia’s erstwhile boss and love interest] was leaving and that we could break up Alicia and Will, knowing we were going to kill him in the 15th episode. But we couldn’t kill someone every episode. That’s why networks like hospital shows. There can be blood on the floor in every episode. For shows that aren’t formulaic procedurals like the “NCIS” clan or a nighttime soap like “Scandal,” does the departure of “The Good Wife” herald an end of an era? MICHELLE KING If it is an end of an era, and I don’t know if it is, it’s because of the actors. The actors, rightly, don’t want to work that many episodes if there’s an option. To do 13 or 15 episodes and have a life, and do your best work, I think a lot of stars are now saying that’s where I’d like to live, please. ROBERT KING One of the reasons why networks struggle with it is because it’s hard to maintain a voice with 22 episodes. So maybe it is the last, only because it’s really insanely hard work. MICHELLE KING It could be that   stories remain on networks, because that’s what they do really well. And I think they can be a lot of fun, these strictly procedural,   shows that don’t live and die on the quality of the acting. Part of it is a puzzle element or a mystery. Julianna, what would it take for you to commit to another network show with 22 episodes a year? MARGULIES There’s no amount of money in the world. ROBERT KING Is that true? Even if you like the part? MARGULIES Even if I like the part. ROBERT KING So you won’t do network again, but you’d do cable? MARGULIES In a heartbeat. I would do cable for sure, because it’s four months. It’s like doing a movie. If a network would do 11 episodes and then have a   break and then do 11 [more] I could do it. Because it’s not just a commitment of time on set. I’d come home at the end of a   day, I have a family to tend to, and then I have nine pages of dialogue to learn. So it just never ends. What characters or plot lines saw their arcs changed or dialed back over the course of the show? ROBERT KING Christine Baranski’s character [Diane Lockhart] at the very start of the show, was supposed to be kind of the bitchy boss to Alicia. It was playing off of one premise, which is the mentor who comes to sabotage her mentee. If anybody’s met Christine Baranski, though, you can only go so far with that before you embrace just how wonderful she is. She had this incredibly good funny laugh that we would hear in the dailies between the takes. Why are we sending her off in this kind of direction? Let’s have other people be villains. One we cut short was because he got another job. That was Jason O’Mara [who played Damian Boyle]. He was more of a gang lawyer, a little shady. What was supposed to happen was that when Will died, he was someone who really stepped up. Then he got a job, on “Complications. ” MICHELLE KING That happened a lot, didn’t it? If you’re trying to do a serialized story with actors who are not your regular cast, you have to be a bit nimble. MARGULIES They had a whole idea for Oliver Platt, but then he got a series. MICHELLE KING He was a very smart, very conservative businessman, and it really allowed us to play with issues with the Diane character being such a liberal. And yet to be able to see them as intellectual equals and be very respectful of one another even when they had different opinions, that was really interesting to explore. So it was a great pity when we couldn’t have access to that. ROBERT KING One of the things we wanted to pursue on the show more and more is there’s a real   bias on TV, which I’ve heard about. [Everyone laughs.] You watch TV, and if there’s a priest, you know he’s going to be a child molester. There’s a predictability. It’s not even trying to be propaganda for the right it’s just that there should be an honest discussion that shows that for people on the other side of abortion or on the other side of gay marriage, there’s an intellectual argument there. What was it like having to hew to broadcast network standards and practices? ROBERT KING There is a problem standards and practices has with thrusting. MARGULIES Did you just say thrusting? ROBERT KING The thrusting issue. And we would have to delicately go around problems of thrusting in   that anybody would have. We’d even have to morph images because we wouldn’t get a take that was clean of thrusting. But it was kind of amazing how much CBS let us do. The first episode of the second season was about oral sex. What did the departure of Josh Charles allow you to do differently? ROBERT KING The loss of Josh seemed like it would be catastrophic to us, but I thought it gave us a new lease on who Alicia was, with the underpinning of mourning. How does a [series] show the fact of someone dying, as opposed to a lot of these shows that kill off someone every week? Is there any merit to the rumblings of a feud between Julianna and Archie Panjabi [who played the private investigator Kalinda Sharma] that they didn’t film their scenes together toward the end of her run on the show? MARGULIES It’s all silly gossip, and I don’t want to go there. If the show were to continue, what are some of the issues that you would want to deal with? ROBERT KING Trump and populism. How American democracy is veering a little more toward European populism, both on the left and on the right. The right wing is tending to be   and the left is looking toward socialism. MICHELLE KING I was just stumbling over the fact that there are certain companies that have manifestoes online about how proud they are for the number of people they fire. And I just thought, oh, that’s an episode. And yet there are no more to write. And if there were one more plotline for Alicia, what would it be? MARGULIES One of the things I found interesting this year was what Eli [the political adviser to Peter Florrick] kept saying, that Alicia’s the star. Because Alicia doesn’t see herself that way, at all. So even though there was this jilted run for state’s attorney that she got thrown under the bus for, I would love to see how far that could go. Especially in the environment of Hillary [Clinton] right now, I think that would be really interesting.",0
14491,Shocking Questions About the FBI & the ‘News’ Media,"Posted on November 6, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse At 2:47 in this video about a key moment in the 7 September 2016 “Town Hall” ‘debate’ between Trump and Clinton where Matt Lauer has asked her about her privatization of her State Department emails, Ms. Clinton says, “but the real question is the handling of classified materials, which is I think what the implication of your question was.” Lauer did not deny that; he was following the line of Comey, that only the classified emails could pose a criminal problem for her. However, that assumption is flat-out false, and both Hillary Clinton knows it (which is why she tried there to narrow the meaning of his question to the classified-information issue ), and also Comey knows it (which is why he has his FBI exclude from its consideration the illegality of her privatization of official email itself — her theft of U.S. government information, her abuse of even non-confidential information, her destruction of evidence by destroying her government emails, etcetera — there are several laws she broke which have nothing to do with “confidential information,” but both the FBI and the ‘news’ media (at least until Comey’s about-face on October 28th) were ignoring them, and they still do ignore each one of them. Here are six of those laws . They describe what nobody denies that she did, and the maximum sentence under all of them, if the FBI were to “throw the book at her,” would be 72 years. Conviction of her under them would be a slam-dunk, but all of these laws are being simply ignored. So, the questions here are: Why is the FBI ignoring those criminal laws, which she clearly did violate? Why are America’s ‘news’ media ignoring the FBI’s ignoring these laws?",0
14492,You Can Save on Airfare (If You Know the Tricks) - The New York Times,"The airfare for your family vacation to Orlando, Fla. cost you $500 a person. Your friend snagged tickets there during the same week for nearly half the price. What gives? It may not be pure luck, according to Rick Seaney, the founder of farecompare. com, an airline ticket comparison site. “There are ways to save on airfare, but you have to know the tricks,” he said. Here, he shares his top ones. If you’re traveling within the United States, flying on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Saturday will get you the lowest airfare because there are fewer fliers on these days, Mr. Seaney said. “You can save between 10 and 40 percent per ticket, if not more, compared to a Monday, Friday and Sunday, when air traffic is heavier,” he said. (Thursday falls between the two categories.) If you can’t both depart and return on the cheapest days, you still get half the savings if you pick one for your inbound or outbound flight. For   flights, Monday through Thursday are the cheapest, though the savings are only around 5 percent compared with Friday through Sunday. For domestic travel, buy your ticket three months before your departure date for   travel, buy five months beforehand. Any further in advance has no benefit, according to Mr. Seaney, because airlines have not yet included cheap seats as part of their inventory. But be sure to buy 30 days before departure because prices increase substantially thereafter. The exception to this rule is if you plan to travel over a busy holiday period, especially Thanksgiving and Christmas. Airlines don’t offer discounts during the holidays, so it’s best to buy your ticket as soon as possible. The airline departments that create fare sales usually do so on Monday afternoons. These sales are then distributed to travel sites such as Expedia. com and also posted on the airline’s own site. Competing airlines see these sales the next morning and adjust their fares accordingly, and final sale pricing hits reservations systems at 3 p. m. Eastern Standard Time. “This is when you get the maximum number of cheap seats,” Mr. Seaney said. Most of these sales last only for three days so don’t procrastinate. Reservation systems at airlines and travel sites sell tickets at the same price to all the fliers on one reservation. If you’re buying airfare for your family of four, for example, it does not matter if the airline has three seats for sale in a lower price category and the fourth at a higher one. “All the travelers under the reservation will automatically get the higher price, and you won’t know that there are cheaper tickets available,” Mr. Seaney said. To find out for sure, he advised shopping for one flier at a time to see if there is a price difference compared to buying multiple tickets together. If there is, make separate purchases to get as many   tickets as possible.",0
14493,Fox Promotes Unity in Super Bowl Ad,"The stars of some of FOX’s biggest shows are featured in a new Super Bowl aimed at promoting “the great many things that unite us” on Super Bowl Sunday. [The   advert sees cast members from FOX’s primetime lineup, including Empire, New Girl, and Gotham, among others, celebrating the millions of people “of every race, every color, every religion” coming together and watching the biggest sporting event of the year.   Actors including Taraji P. Henson, Queen Latifah, Terrence Howard and Damon Wayans take turns reciting the same message spliced together around one inspiring theme of unity. “Very soon, over 100 million people around the world will be watching the Super Bowl,” the celebrity ensemble says in the commercial. “From the smallest towns to the biggest cities, people of every race, every color, every religion, are sharing this moment together, which proves once again that the things that divide us are small compared to the great many things that unite us. From all of us at FOX, thanks for watching. ” The subtle political tone of FOX’s new ad follows comments made by Super Bowl halftime performer Lady Gaga, who hinted earlier this week that her   performance may include some political statement. “I don’t know if I will succeed in unifying America. You’ll have to ask America when it’s over,” the pop star said earlier this week during a press QA. “But the only statements that I’ll be making during the halftime show are the ones that I’ve been consistently making throughout my career. ” Super Bowl LI airs on February 5 on FOX.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
14494,"The Electric, Infuriating Nick Kyrgios - The New York Times","It was just before noon on a swampy July morning when Nick Kyrgios came walking through the parking lot of the Evert Tennis Academy in Boca Raton, Fla. on his way to practice. He wore black shorts and a black basketball jersey, and his haircut straddled the line between a   and a fade a racket bag was slung over his shoulders, and his eyes were fixed on two smartphones, one in each hand. Kyrgios, a    Australian of Greek and Malaysian descent  —   and quite possibly the most gifted tennis player to come along since Roger Federer  —   was accompanied by an improbable crew: a    from Philadelphia named Tauheed Browning and a    from Maryland named Langston Williams, two promising juniors who were training at the academy. They had bonded with Kyrgios over a shared infatuation with Pokémon GO, the blockbuster mobile game, and the three were apparently now inseparable. They had gone to the movies and the mall together. They were playing the game, laughing and talking excitedly, as they arrived at the practice court. Kyrgios, who recently reached a   ranking of No. 16 in the world, took a seat, put down the phones, opened his bag and pulled out a racket. “It’s important to find a balance between Pokémon and training,” he said, with only the faintest hint of sarcasm. Browning eyed the racket for a moment, then asked, “What strings do you use?” Kyrgios said they were supplied by his racket manufacturer, Yonex. So what did he do when all of his strings broke? “Then I don’t practice till I get to the next tournament,” Kyrgios replied. I laughed, but Browning seemed to take this answer seriously, and Kyrgios gave no indication that he was joking. Maybe he wasn’t. When I asked Kyrgios what size racket head he used, he shrugged and said, “No idea. ” His girlfriend, a   player named Ajla Tomljanovic, was out on the court, hitting with her father the family dog ran between them, furiously trying to intercept the ball. Tomljanovic, who is two years older than Kyrgios and applied for Australian citizenship last year, didn’t appear to mind sharing her boyfriend’s attention with Browning, Williams and Pokémon  —   although later in the day, at a photo shoot in West Palm Beach, she expressed some mild exasperation when Kyrgios, summoned to the wardrobe room, implored her to take over his game. “I’m not playing Pokémon with your    friend,” she said. Kyrgios quickly corrected her, albeit incorrectly: “He’s 10, not 7. ” Kyrgios would be leaving the next day for Toronto, to play in his first tournament since Wimbledon. He had an eventful Wimbledon this year. On the plus side, he won three tough matches and left fans and commentators swooning over his flashy play  —   particularly a    lob against his   opponent, the crafty veteran Radek Stepanek, which might have been the shot of the fortnight. With his bullying serve, haymaker forehand and knack for carnivalesque shots, Kyrgios is wildly entertaining to watch. Pretty much everyone around the game agrees that he has the talent to reach No. 1 and win a fistful of majors. But Kyrgios is as tempestuous as he is precocious, and his strong play at Wimbledon was overshadowed by his occasionally foul language, the invective that he hurled at his entourage and, above all, the ignominious way that he exited the tournament. In his   match, he faced Andy Murray, the eventual champion, on Centre Court. Two years earlier, on the same court, Kyrgios upset Rafael Nadal, then ranked No. 1, in a   match, a victory that signaled his emergence as a rising star doing the same to Murray would have cemented his status as the next big star of men’s tennis. But after dropping a tight first set, Kyrgios gave up. He didn’t entirely stop trying, but it was obvious that he just wanted to be on the next flight out of Heathrow. “This is Wimbledon!” John McEnroe fumed. “How much better a chance are you going to get to play a match and step up?” That was bad enough it didn’t help when he later admitted that he had spent the morning playing video games. In his postmatch press conference, Kyrgios was somber and uncharacteristically  . “I think when things get tough, I’m just a little bit soft,” he said. Soon enough, though, he was back to his normal pugnacious self. Kyrgios is notorious for his Twitter spats, and when he saw a series of caustic tweets from the British media figure Piers Morgan  —   calling him, among other things, a “petulant little brat”  —   Kyrgios couldn’t let the insults go unanswered. (“EAD,” he replied the E is for “eat,” and you can look the rest up.) The Murray match wasn’t Kyrgios’s lowest moment. That remains the incident in Montreal last summer, when he told the Swiss star Stan Wawrinka between points that his girlfriend had slept with another player. (Kyrgios later apologized.) Still, his desultory Wimbledon performance left the tennis world scratching its head. Before the tournament, there was much talk about Kyrgios’s need for a coach he’d been without one for more than a year. Afterward, some observers, including Murray, gently suggested that perhaps what Kyrgios needed even more than a coach was a psychologist. Presumably, though, Kyrgios would tell a shrink the same thing that he tells journalists: His problem is tennis. “I don’t love this sport,” he said during the Wimbledon press conference. When we spoke in Florida, Kyrgios insisted he was being honest about this: “If I won a Grand Slam, I’d say the same thing. ” He told me that he almost never watches tennis (“no chance, Jesus, I’d rather watch Piers Morgan”) and that he plans to quit playing it by age 27 (“that’s the absolute max”) after which he can pursue his true passion: basketball. He hopes to play professionally, perhaps in Europe. He played competitively as a kid and still plays every chance he gets. During a visit to Nike’s Oregon headquarters, he spent all his free time on the basketball court at tournaments, he organizes pickup games with other tennis players. His style on the tennis court, with its   passing shots and    razzmatazz, sometimes makes him look as if he’s trying to play basketball there too. People around the game have trouble believing Kyrgios is really as down on tennis as he claims they figure the ambivalence is just his way of deflecting pressure. The expectations for him are huge, and not just because he is so talented. Tennis is approaching a period of transition. Federer just turned 35, a step closer to retirement. The Williams sisters are in their  . Kyrgios, with his billboard looks and outsize personality, is seen as the one emerging star who can attract new fans and keep old ones from drifting away. (He’s terrific with fans  —   funny, charming and unusually generous with his time, even working the crowd during matches.) His agents are convinced he could become the sport’s most bankable star yet. Justin Gimelstob, a former player now working as an analyst for the Tennis Channel, put it succinctly when I asked him about Kyrgios: “He’s box office. ” Ever since the retirements of McEnroe and Jimmy Connors, it has been fashionable to claim that tennis lacks “personalities. ” In tennis, the word connotes rogues, rebels and freethinkers, although Martin Amis had a point when he wrote that “personalities” was just   for “a   duosyllable starting with an A and ending with an E. ” (It’s almost exclusively applied in men’s tennis. The women’s game has had plenty of charismatic figures but not so many   and potty mouths, thanks in part to the usual double standards about acceptable behavior  —   double standards that Serena Williams’s occasional outbursts are just beginning to challenge.) It is certainly true that McEnroe and Connors, along with Ilie Nastase, set standards for lewdness and irascibility that no one since has come close to equaling. But it’s not quite true to say the game hasn’t produced any colorful characters in their aftermath: Players like Andre Agassi, Marat Safin and Goran Ivanisevic were tortured figures whose matches often turned into psychodramas. Lately, however, men’s tennis isn’t turning out stormy souls as reliably as it did in the past. With a few exceptions, the players behave impeccably, on the court and off they exude equanimity and seriousness of purpose and are careful not to say anything offensive. A surfeit of gentlemen is far from the worst fate to befall a sport, and complaining about it might seem obscenely   coming at the end of the most spectacular era that the men’s game has ever seen  —   Federer with a record 17 Grand Slam singles titles Nadal, 14 Djokovic, 12, the three combining to win 43 of the last 53 majors. Still: Even    greatness can get a little tedious, and the fact is that fans, especially casual ones, are drawn to firebrands and eccentrics. Tennis was perhaps never more popular than when McEnroe and Connors were scandalizing the sport’s old guard. Even Federer, a beacon of Old World graciousness, has bemoaned the current shortage of salty characters, complaining that players are now “almost too nice to each other. ” Why did men’s tennis become so much tamer? Money is surely part of it. Tennis is much more lucrative than it was 30 years ago, and the players tend to think of themselves as precious brands  —   the Wimbledon finalist Milos Raonic describes himself without irony as the “C. E. O. of Milos Raonic Tennis. ” When Agassi pitched Canon cameras by declaring that “image is everything,” the line was celebrating his own iconoclasm (the denim shorts, the blond rattail) today’s players agree with the sentiment but prefer an image that’s likable, decorous and safe. One paradox of tennis is that what’s good for the sport  —   clashes, controversies and divisive figures  —   can be bad for individual players’ bottom lines. I suspect the gentility also has something to do with how the game itself has evolved over the last  : What used to be a battle of finesse and guile is increasingly a test of strength and endurance, full of   matches and   rallies. It’s so demanding, physically and mentally, that keeping emotions in check and avoiding distractions is a necessary survival strategy. Kyrgios’s refusal to submit to convention is a refreshing departure from all this. It says a lot about his talent that he has managed to break into the top 20 while spurning the standard recipe for success  —   even basics like having a coach. But the maverick act can wear thin. What made players like McEnroe and Connors such intriguing figures was that amid all the meshugas, they rose to the pinnacle of the sport. If they hadn’t won majors, hadn’t reached No. 1, they would have become cautionary tales, not legends. The question for Kyrgios is whether he can achieve similar success without changing his approach and becoming more committed. That seems unlikely, as even he implicitly acknowledged when we spoke. Because he was his own coach, I asked what advice he would give himself if he wanted to win majors. He thought about it for a moment, then said: “Train more than four times a week. ” After a pause, he continued. “I don’t have a doubt that if I wanted to win Grand Slams, I would commit,” he said. “I’d train two times a day, I’d go to the gym every day, I’d stretch, I’d do rehab, I’d eat right. But I don’t know what I want at the moment. Am I content? I don’t have a coach, I can train every now and then. I can take it easy and be maybe   my entire career. Am I O. K. with that? I don’t know. ” “Chubby, mouthy, but unbelievable hand skills. ” Those were the words that John Morris, one of Kyrgios’s agents, jotted down in his notebook the first time he saw him play, during the juniors competition at the 2010 Australian Open. Morris, a     from Britain, was in Melbourne scouting potential clients. It’s hard to believe when you look at Kyrgios today  —   now a sinewy    with chiseled features  —   but just six years ago he was relatively short and quite pudgy, a raw talent from Canberra whose prospects seemed to be limited by his waistline. Nick was the last of three children born to Giorgos and Norlaila Kyrgios. Giorgos immigrated to Australia from Greece as a child and works as a house painter Norlaila was born in Malaysia and moved to Australia with her mother when she was 12. Neither played much tennis, but all three of their children took up the sport. Kyrgios says his parents pushed him to choose tennis over basketball when he was 14, but they were not pushy “tennis parents” by all accounts, they were   and quite gracious. Kyrgios himself was said to have been a bit spoiled, indulged in the way that babies of the family often are. Still, in the   Canberra tennis community, he was generally well regarded, as were his parents. He was overweight from a young age. He told me he didn’t have a poor diet as a kid, although his grandmother often treated him to Kentucky Fried Chicken after school he just ate a lot. The weight made him slow and limited his endurance. It was his effort to find a way around these liabilities that helped turn him into the player we see today. To compensate for his lack of speed, he learned to read the game better than other kids, to know where an opponent’s shot was likely to land before the ball was even struck. And because he needed to end points before his stamina flagged, he developed the   attacking style that is the hallmark of his game. Somehow, he managed to do all this while resisting the rote drilling that is the bedrock of tennis training. From the start, he had no patience for that kind of practicing he just wanted to play, and he was so competitive that if no one was keeping score, he wasn’t interested. That is still the case. In 2011, at 16, Kyrgios played with the Australian squad at a Junior Davis Cup tournament in Mexico. Pat Cash, a former Wimbledon champion, was the captain of the team. When Cash and I spoke in the players’ lounge at Wimbledon this year, he told me he’d been struck by the racket speed that Kyrgios generated: “His arm was so fast, it was like he was playing with a toothpick. ” He was also blown away by Kyrgios’s rare combination of power and control. Cash played against a    Nadal, and what he saw in Mexico convinced him that Kyrgios was every bit as promising. There were some red flags, though. Cash took the players out for dinner one night and watched Kyrgios inhale two massive burritos  —   “the biggest things you’ve ever seen, must have been 4, 000 calories”  —   which made him wonder if Kyrgios would ever lose his paunch. Kyrgios was also prone to inexplicable meltdowns and moments of rebellion. During one match, he was crushing a player from Argentina when he suddenly came unhinged, shouting, “I can’t play, I have no rhythm,” before throwing away the second set. On the night before the semifinals, Cash was horrified to discover that Kyrgios, despite nursing a strained muscle, organized a   competition with teammates on a nearby field. “He was the ringleader, the cheeky one, the one with the jokes,” Cash told me. Despite the high jinks, histrionics and burritos, Cash came away convinced that Kyrgios was special. At the end of the tournament, he took him aside and said: “Nick, no offense to these other guys, but you are unbelievably talented. You can make it. You can be holding the big trophies. ” Fifteen months later, Kyrgios, who had finally experienced a growth spurt and was slimming down, won the Junior Australian Open boys’ singles title. The victory instantly marked him as a great hope for Australian tennis  —   no easy role. Australia is a   nation, and because it has turned out so many celebrated players (Rod Laver, Roy Emerson, Ken Rosewall, Margaret Smith Court, Evonne Goolagong Cawley, Pat Cash, Patrick Rafter, the list goes on) tennis is central to its sporting identity. These players weren’t just great champions, either they embodied a culture and an ethos. They were     athletes, tenacious competitors but also paragons of good cheer and sportsmanship. Kyrgios is the prodigal heir to this tradition. With his brash manner and flamboyant personal style  —   showy haircut, sculpted eyebrows, gold chains  —   he seems more American than Australian, and his misbehavior and occasional lack of effort infuriate many of his compatriots. At this point,   about Kyrgios has become a popular Australian pastime. Last year, the cricket legend Shane Warne posted an open letter to Kyrgios on Facebook, saying, “You’re testing our patience, mate,” and urging him to shape up. After Kyrgios was fined $1, 500 for shouting an obscenity at a tournament last fall in Shanghai, the   football star Taylor (Tex) Walker blasted him on Twitter: “When is this absolute galoot going to learn. What a dead set flog! !” Kyrgios has reason for hard feelings, too. Some of the criticism he has received can take on racial undertones. There was unmistakable nativism at play when the former Olympic champion swimmer Dawn Fraser said last year that if Kyrgios and the fellow tennis bad boy Bernard Tomic, whose parents are from the former Yugoslavia, didn’t improve their behavior, they should “go back to where their fathers and parents came from. We don’t need them here in this country. ” (She later apologized.) The two came under fire again in May, this time from the chef de mission of the Australian Olympic team, a former pentathlete named Kitty Chiller, who warned that if they didn’t curb their antics, they could be kept home from the Rio Games. Her decision to put the players on public notice struck even people not normally sympathetic to Kyrgios as needlessly confrontational. Tomic immediately announced that he would be skipping Rio Kyrgios followed suit a few weeks later. Although they had a   spat earlier this year, after Tomic suggested that Kyrgios faked illness to get out of a Davis Cup match, the two players are good friends and enjoy the kind of spirited relationship you would expect of guys in their early 20s with   bank accounts  —   like the time Kyrgios, along with a few other players,   Tomic’s Lamborghini. Two days after I saw him in Florida, Kyrgios lost his   match in Toronto to a Canadian teenager ranked No. 370 in the world. Before the match, Kyrgios tweeted: “Eat, Sleep, Pokémon GO,” and he evidently still had Squirtles and Venusaurs on the brain when he took the court he served an appalling 18 double faults, 10 more than Murray coughed up over the course of two weeks and seven matches at Wimbledon. In a press conference, he pointed out the enthusiastic backing his opponent received and took a swipe at his own countrymen: “I think Canadians support their athletes a little better than the Australians do,” he said. In 2015, Kyrgios signed a contract with   the sports management colossus whose tennis clients include Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams. But he did not cut loose John Morris, so he now has two agents: Morris and Carlos Fleming, a   veteran whose clients also include the N. F. L. star Cam Newton. Morris travels with Kyrgios and handles    management Fleming supports the growth of the Kyrgios brand. When we met at Wimbledon, in the backyard of a stately house   rented for the tournament, Fleming told me the agency tracked Kyrgios’s progress over a number of years before going after him in earnest. It was after he beat Nadal at Wimbledon two years ago that Fleming and his colleagues pressed to bring him into their stable. “That set off the alarm bell,” as Fleming put it. To hear Fleming tell it, Kyrgios’s supposed vices were actually virtues. His combustive personality might rankle tennis traditionalists and some members of the media, but it was a boon for the sport. “He’s unscripted, he can bring in casual fans  —   he’s one of the few athletes who can do that,” Fleming said. “It’s extremely refreshing. ” He went on to say that Kyrgios, a product and exemplar of what he called “modern urban youth culture,” could unlock all sorts of unprecedented opportunities for himself and, by extension, for tennis. He cited Kyrgios’s endorsement deal with Beats by Dre and also told me that the N. B. A. had expressed interest in working with him on   activities. To Fleming, Kyrgios had the potential to become a trendsetter and marketing phenom beyond anything tennis has seen. But he quickly added a qualifier: “Winning is the first thing. ” And despite all the distractions and all the ambivalence, Kyrgios has done a lot of winning. In the last two years, he has notched victories over Nadal, Federer and Murray. In February, he won his first A. T. P. title in Marseilles, and he won his second earlier this month in Atlanta. His forehand  —   heavy, sharply angled  —   is spoken of with awe by his peers, but his serve may be an even bigger weapon, because of both the pace he generates (as high as 130 miles an hour on his first serve when the racket strikes, it sounds like a tree limb snapping) and his ability to place the ball. He plays very fast, and when he is serving well, he closes out games in barely a minute. He faced Raonic in the quarterfinals of a tournament in Miami in March, and over the course of four service games in the second set, he surrendered just one point. It’s the kind of efficiency that invites comparisons to Federer and Pete Sampras, who held the record for major titles until Federer eclipsed him. But Kyrgios is still a raw talent, and if he wants to break into the top 10 and contend for majors, he’ll probably need a coach. He has found a mentor of sorts in Radek Stepanek, who is basically his antithesis  —   a    tennis lifer who adores the game and plans to keep playing until his body gives out. When I talked to Stepanek the day after the two faced off at Wimbledon, he said that they’d struck up a friendship after practicing together in Miami, and that he had offered Kyrgios some general suggestions, along with tips for playing specific opponents. But the first thing they talked about, he said, was attitude: “I told him, ‘If you don’t want to be here, then you should go home. ’’u2009” Stepanek said that he was happy to contribute what he could to Kyrgios’s development, but he had no interest in becoming a   coach he was busy with his own career. A number of people have expressed interest in coaching Kyrgios, but others wonder whether it would just be wasted effort. “You have to be willing to listen, and you have to have some respect,” Pat Cash says. “His behavior toward a lot of people shows that he may not be good at either of those things. ” His second match at Wimbledon  —   against Dustin Brown, a dreadlocked   renowned for his shotmaking prowess  —   illustrated the challenge a coach would face. Kyrgios was the better player, but it was clear from the start that he had no intention of ceding the highlight reel to Brown he was determined to match him, crazy shot for crazy shot. The first set was tennis’s version of   contest, a showboating extravaganza. A coach would have implored Kyrgios to stick with plain vanilla tennis, but it’s doubtful he would have listened. As Kyrgios told me, “I like to hit fun shots. ” He ended up beating Brown in five sets, but his lack of discipline made the match far more difficult than it might otherwise have been. Could the “fun shots” be Kyrgios’s way of finding pleasure in a sport that he says doesn’t offer him a lot of fulfillment? It’s possible that the ambivalence he expresses about tennis really is his way of deflecting pressure, or that he does it just to get a rise out of people he’s only 21, and his game has matured much faster than he has. But maybe, when he says that he doesn’t love tennis, he is telling the truth. It wouldn’t necessarily doom his career: Agassi reached No. 1 and claimed eight major titles even though he spent much of his life hating tennis. John Morris told me Kyrgios is so competitive  —   they play I Spy on car trips, and Kyrgios goes bonkers if he doesn’t win  —   that he might end up atop the sport in spite of how he feels about it. For now, he remains one of those players who gratify and torment tennis fans in equal measure. Some athletes spend their careers thrilling us, others spend their careers frustrating us and some do both. Maybe Kyrgios is destined to be one of those. That Saturday in Boca, though, recharged by a recent visit home and together with his girlfriend, Kyrgios seemed content to be on the tennis court. He was practicing with a pair of    Americans, Gianni Ross and Sam Riffice, in a typical Kyrgios practice session: He just wanted to play points, while keeping up a running commentary for his audience, a group that included me, Ross’s parents, Tomljanovic’s father, a couple of teenage girls who were apparently there to ogle and Robbye Poole, Serena Williams’s hitting partner, who happened to be at the academy that day. His Pokémon buddy Tauheed Browning was perched by the fence on Kyrgios’s side of the court. At one point, I overheard Kyrgios jokingly upbraiding him, saying, “You’re supposed to be my coach!” After maybe 30 minutes, Kyrgios decided it was time to kick back. He summoned Browning, Langston Williams and Poole to join in for some Touch Tennis, a game in which players stand close to the net and hit delicate flick shots back and forth until someone misses. Browning ended up losing and was promptly exiled to the far end of the court for a round of Butts Up, in which a player stands motionless while the others try to hit serves into his posterior. Just as he was on that Mexico trip with Pat Cash, Kyrgios was the ringleader and the guy having the most fun  —   laughing, shouting, throwing his racket in feigned disgust. This was tennis on his terms, and he seemed genuinely happy.",0
14495,"When the FBI Has a Phone It Can’t Crack, It Calls These Israeli Hackers","When the FBI Has a Phone It Can’t Crack, It Calls These Israeli Hackers   Source: The Intercept 

Earlier this year, at the height of a very public battle between the FBI and Apple over whether the computer maker would help decrypt a mass murderer’s locked iPhone, it appeared that a little-known, 17-year-old Israeli firm named Cellebrite Mobile Synchronization might finally get its moment in the spotlight. 
After weeks of insisting that only Apple could help the feds unlock the phone of San Bernardino killer Syed Rizwan Farook, the Justice Department suddenly revealed that a third party had provided a way to get into the device. Speculation swirled around the identity of that party until an Israeli newspaper reported it was Cellebrite. 
It turns out the company was not the third party that helped the FBI. A Cellebrite representative said as much during a panel discussion at a high-tech crimes conference in Minnesota this past April, according to a conference attendee who spoke with The Intercept. And sources who spoke with the Washington Post earlier this year also ruled out Cellebrite’s involvement, though Yossi Carmil, one of Cellebrite’s CEOs, declined to comment on the matter when asked by The Intercept. 
But the attention around the false report obscured a bigger, more interesting truth: Cellebrite’s researchers have become, over the last decade, the FBI’s go-to hackers for mobile forensics. Many other federal agencies also rely on the company’s expertise to get into mobile devices. Cellebrite has contracts with the FBI going back to 2009, according to federal procurement records, but also with the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secret Service, and DHS’s Customs and Border Protection. U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies use Cellebrite’s researchers and tools as well, as does the U.S. military, to extract data from phones seized from suspected terrorists and others in battle zones. 
The company is poised to seize a prominent and somewhat ominous place in the public imagination; just as Apple has come to be seen as a warrior for digital protection and privacy against overreaching government surveillance, Cellebrite is emerging as its law-and-order counterpart, endeavoring to build tools to break through the barriers Apple and other phone makers erect to protect data. 
“Vendors … are implementing more and more security features into their product, and that’s definitely challenging for us,” says Shahar Tal, director of research at Cellebrite. “But we’ve solved these challenges before [and] we continue to solve these challenges today.” 
In July, months after the unknown third party provided the FBI with a method for getting into the San Bernardino phone — an iPhone 5C running iOS 9 — Cellebrite announced that it had developed its own technique for bypassing the phone’s password/encryption lock. And the company is confident that it will be able to deal successfully with future security changes Apple may make to its phones in the wake of the San Bernardino case.",0
14498,"Despite Climate Change Vow, China Pushes to Dig More Coal - The New York Times","JINCHENG, China  —   America’s uncertain stance toward global warming under the coming administration of Donald J. Trump has given China a leading role in the fight against climate change. It has called on the United States to recognize established science and to work with other countries to reduce dependence on dirty fuels like coal and oil. But there is a problem: Even as it does so, China is scrambling to mine and burn more coal. A lack of stockpiles and worries about electricity blackouts are spurring Chinese officials to reverse curbs that once helped reduce coal production. Mines are reopening. Miners are being lured back with fatter paychecks. China’s response to coal scarcity shows how hard it will be to wean the country off coal. That makes it harder for China and the world to meet emissions targets, as Chinese coal is the world’s largest single source of carbon emissions from human activities. Among China watchers, the turnabout also has contributed to questions about the fate of China’s current crop of economic planners. Here in Jincheng, a smoggy city in China’s coal country, the   has led to a steady hum of activity. On a recent afternoon, other trains stopped to make way for two electric locomotives, their horns blowing, pulling more than 50 empty coal hopper cars ready to be filled. Large   trucks now form   lines. Allan Zhang, an electrician who works at a mine here, said his employer had raised monthly pay by nearly 50 percent since the summer. Two years ago brought “the autumn of coal, and 2015 and earlier this year were the winter of coal,” Mr. Zhang said. “Now is the springtime of coal. ” The revival of coal production shows the flaws in the country’s   evolution from central planning to the free market. China’s coal problems stem from a series of official decisions that ramped up activity from   industries even as they curbed mining output. Speculators in China’s volatile financial markets, already prone to producing bubbles, ran up the price of coal. Weather and other setbacks haven’t helped. Coal still produces almost   of China’s electricity, despite ambitious hydroelectric dam projects and the world’s largest program to install solar panels and build wind turbines. Coal use in China also produces more emissions than all the oil, coal and gas consumed in the United States. “I get a kick out of people in the West who think China is decarbonizing, because I see no sign of it whatsoever,” said Brock Silvers, a Shanghai banker who has previously served on the boards of two Chinese coal companies. Troubled by pollution and worries about rising sea levels, China moved in recent months to rein in coal. Coal production dropped 3 percent last year  —   a result of that effort, but also a sign of slowing economic growth as well as a gradual shift in the Chinese economy toward   consumer spending and away from exports and heavy manufacturing. That prompted the International Energy Agency to offer an optimistic reassessment this autumn: Chinese coal use peaked in 2013 and would now decline. China’s reversal now is prompting skepticism. “There is still a peak coming,” said Xizhou Zhou, the head of Asia and Pacific gas and power analysis at IHS Energy, a global consulting group. “It’s still going to increase. ” IHS Energy forecasts that Chinese coal demand will not peak until 2026. Johannes Trüby, a senior coal and power analyst at the International Energy Agency, said that   trends in the Chinese economy meant that China’s coal use would decline over all. But with China stepping up production now, he said, “We cannot exclude the possibility of a transient spike in coal demand in the next couple years that might take demand above 2013. ” The coal situation has put China’s powerful economic planning agency, the National Development and Reform Commission, under pressure. Many executives and Chinese political experts predict that coal problems could be the final straw in a long list of difficulties that could lead President Xi Jinping to replace the agency’s director, Xu Shaoshi. Mr. Xu is 65, an age at which Chinese ministers often retire, unless they are kept on to serve their terms or are promoted to vice premier. One of those experts, Christopher K. Johnson, a China specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, said that such a move “would be consistent with other recent personnel changes” by Mr. Xi, who is chief of the Communist Party, to eliminate officials beholden to other factions. That could clear the way for Mr. Xu to be replaced by Liu He, a deputy director of the agency who is close to Mr. Xi. Agency officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment. As a matter of policy, China says it is still committed to global efforts to stem climate change. When environmental officials from around the world gathered in Marrakesh, Morocco, to discuss climate change this month, Xie Zhenhua, the leader of China’s delegation, took an indirect swipe at Mr. Trump, saying, “a wise leader will follow the global and historical trend. ” Two years ago, cutting emissions looked easier for Beijing to achieve. China’s electricity consumption was stalling, and many   power plants began operating only half the time. But   coal mining enterprises, flush with loans from   banks, kept building more mines, leading to losses and dropping coal prices. China began closing smaller, privately owned mines, cutting production while clamping down on some of the places that have made Chinese coal mining so dangerous. Just last summer, economic planners told mines they were not allowed to operate more than 276 days a year. But developments were coming together to push prices up. Chinese investors piled into Chinese commodities markets, betting prices would rise. This became a   prophecy, as more speculators rushed in and bought more coal when prices rose. An unusually hot summer and early autumn added to power demand. China’s banking regulators decided to let banks release a flood of mortgages to home buyers to bolster economic growth. That produced strong demand for electricity from the steel and cement industries. Along the way, China had a run of bad luck. Flooding disrupted mines and rail routes last spring. A government decision to withdraw many trains from service this year for a new safety improvement campaign made it difficult to deliver supplies quickly. As a result, Chinese coal prices almost doubled from the start of this year until early November. “It’s actually quite fascinating, how all of these things have come together,” said Arnoud Balhuizen, the president of marketing and supply at BHP Billiton, the Australian mining giant. In recent weeks, China changed course. It halted most coal trading on commodities markets and encouraged   mines to sign   contracts at low prices with power stations. This month, the National Development and Reform Commission raised the number of days that mines could operate to 330 days per year. China will most likely be able to avoid blackouts, said Chang Yijun, the president of Shanxi Fenwei Energy, a regional coal consulting firm, who added that remaining output caps like the   rule would still limit growth in emissions of greenhouse gases. Residents in mining towns are delighted. An avenue here in Jincheng is lined with huge billboards, each carrying the same cheery message: “Coal prices are going up, and miners are smiling. ” Mr. Zhang, the mine electrician, said that his mine’s work force had shrunk from 300 two years ago to a maintenance crew of eight early this year, but that it had now expanded to 60 and the mine was still hiring. The mine’s stockpile of coal has nearly vanished. As more coal is hauled up from far underground, it is trucked away within two hours. “Last spring, there were no lines of trucks,” he said. “Now there are so many. ”",0
14500,"Pujols Hits Slam for 600th HR, Leads Angels Past Twins 7-2","ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)  —   Albert Pujols hit a grand slam for his 600th homer, becoming the ninth member of the club during the fourth inning of the Los Angeles Angels’   victory over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday night. [Pujols reached the milestone in theatrical style, putting a low pitch from Ervin Santana ( ) into Angel Stadium’s short   porch for his 14th grand slam.  The Anaheim crowd roared while fireworks soared overhead for the   ’s ninth homer of the season and his 155th for the Angels. Pujols moved to the West Coast nearly six years ago after 11 spectacular seasons in St. Louis. Andrelton Simmons and Kole Calhoun hit    homers in the third inning for the Angels. Max Kepler homered for Minnesota. Matt Shoemaker ( ) pitched   ball into the seventh inning for his fourth victory in his last five starts. Pujols staked the Angels to a   lead with his ninth homer this season. After going three straight games without a homer since hitting No. 599 on Tuesday, Pujols became the   player to reach the   club  —   and the first to join it with a slam. Santana had yielded just one earned run in 29 innings on the road this season before struggling at Angel Stadium, where he was Pujols’ teammate during the 2012 season after the slugger signed as a free agent and before Santana was traded to Kansas City. Santana dropped to   in his four career starts against the franchise that signed him as an undrafted free agent in 2000 and employed him for 13 years. He still ranks fifth in Angels history with 223 games started and seventh with 96 victories. After Minnesota took a   lead in the first inning on Kepler’s RBI single, Shoemaker found his groove and largely limited the Minnesota lineup that scored 11 runs on Friday. The Angels went ahead in the third when Simmons delivered a   shot to left for his sixth homer and Calhoun added a shot to right for his eighth. Pujols came up next with a chance to give the Angels      homers  —   but he struck out on three pitches. An inning later, Pujols made history. TROUT OUT, Mike Trout will get the cast off of his left hand Sunday, and he begins rehabilitation Monday on his injured left thumb. He’s still expected to be out for at least five more weeks, and he says he won’t stop sliding headfirst after injuring himself doing just that in Miami. “I just think I have to have more control when I dive headfirst,” Trout said. “They say ( ) doesn’t slow you down, but it feels like it slows you down. ” TRAINER’S ROOM, Angels: OF Cameron Maybin hasn’t swung the bat since going on the disabled list with a bruised side muscle. Manager Mike Scioscia isn’t sure whether Maybin will be ready to return on Friday as previously hoped.   …     Reliever Cam Bedrosian (groin) had a solid rehab appearance and could be ready to return Tuesday. UP NEXT, Twins:      Jose Berrios (  2. 70 ERA) makes his fifth start of the season in the series finale. Angels: Ricky Nolasco (  5. 07 ERA) faces the Twins for the first time since they traded him and Alex Meyer to Los Angeles at the 2016 trade deadline. Nolasco and Meyer are both in the Angels’ rotation.",0
14501,Дело компании Хунсян и американское давление на КНР | Новое восточное обозрение,"Страна: Китай 26 сентября 2016 г. США ввели санкции против китайской компании, связанной с северокорейской программой развития ядерного и ракетного оружия. Речь идет о Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development (сокращенно — «Хунсян груп»), которая занимается поставками промышленного оборудования, и её четырёх представителях. Министерство финансов США официально включило их в санкционный список. Всё имущество и активы компании и её руководства на территории США замораживаются, и ряд южнокорейских источников сообщают, что компания фактически прекратила деятельность, а ее сайт закрыт. Китайские правоохранительные органы также расследуют дело корпорации «Хунсян груп», привлекая связанные с ней северокорейские компании, в том числе северокорейский банк «Квансон», который входит в список объектов санкций СБ ООН, но является главным акционером логистической компании в Даньдуне, входящей в состав «Хунсян груп». Глава представительства банка в городском округе Даньдун провинции Ляонин был вызван для дачи показаний, а северокорейским торговым представителям запретили выезжать из страны. В чем провинилась данная корпорация? «Хунсян груп» подозревают в поставках Северу комплектующих и материалов, имеющих отношение к ядерной программе, в том числе оксида алюминия, триоксида вольфрама и иных товаров двойного назначения, которые можно использовать для обогащения урана. Главный источник обвинений — совместное исследование южнокорейского института Асан и американского центра продвинутых оборонных исследований (U.S. Center for Advanced Defense Studies). Также, как сообщил и.о. замминистра финансов США Адам Шубин, сотрудники «Хунсян груп» стремились уклониться от санкций, введённых США и ООН, облегчая доступ Пхеньяну к американской финансовой системе. Они, в частности, предоставляли финансовые услуги вышеупомянутому банку «Квансон», который управлял средствами «Хунсян груп» и расчётами при выполнении экспортных и импортных операций с КНДР. Предположительно, компания отмывала северокорейские деньги через подставные компании, работавшие с банками США. По данным южнокорейских экспертов, которые будто бы и обратили внимание на данный факт, в 2011-15 гг. компания вложила в северокорейский бизнес 532 миллиона долларов, при том что строительство реактора в Енбене стоило менее 700 млн. Китайскую фирму обвиняют даже в поддержке северокорейских хакеров! Как отмечает СМИ США, впервые администрация Обамы ударила по китайской фирме, и история Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development Co является примером как китайской поддержки режима Ким Чен Ына, так и того, что США могут сделать для обрыва таких контактов. При этом в Америке открыто говорят, что введение санкций против компании Hongxiang должно сыграть роль, аналогичную репрессиям против Banco Delta Asia в 2005 г. — сигнал китайским компаниям прервать отношения с КНДР или испытать ту же участь. Правда, пока минюст США отметил, что против связанных с Hongxiang банков КНР обвинений не выдвигается, и это вызывает негодование сторонников жесткого курса. В открытом письме Обаме 19 сенаторов указали, что Банк Китая предположительно помог клиентам, связанным с КНДР, получить из американских банков 40 млн долларов, и хотя предположения и связанность клиентов с Северной Кореей еще надо расследовать, санкции вводить надо – иначе как еще остановить угрозу и преподать урок нарушителям!? Как заявил 21 сентября 2016 г. высокопоставленный представитель Белого дома, заместитель советника по национальной безопасности Бен Родс, КНР обязан предотвращать экспорт в КНДР запрещенных товаров, особенно продукции двойного назначения. Он заявил, что от Пекина ожидается соответствующий ответ на провокации, которые могут привести к дополнительным санкциям. С ним согласен главный специалист СНБ США по вопросам нераспространения Джон Вульфсталь: резолюции ООН ясно запрещают экспорт любых товаров, которые могут использоваться для развития ракетно-ядерной программы Пхеньяна, даже если речь идет о карандашах . Запрещаем все, кроме того, что можно убедительно обосновать как «поддержку гуманитарных целей». На этом фоне между США и КНР разгорается еще одно противоречие, связанное с торговлей углем между Пекином и Пхеньяном. Если Америка пытается прервать эти поставки то, как заявил 28 сентября официальный представитель МИД КНР Гэн Шуан, эта торговля ведётся в соответствии с предписаниями и резолюциями, а также национальным законодательством и нормативными актами КНР, не нарушает норм международного права и резолюций ООН с санкциями в отношении Пхеньяна, которые вполне допускают торговлю Севера углем. Это заявление было ответом на выступление помощника госсекретаря США Дэниела Рассела, в котором он заявил, что США работают над перекрытием лазеек для получения Севером валюты. В этом контексте Рассел отметил, что Север ежегодно зарабатывает от продажи угля в Китай 1 млрд долларов, что составляет треть общей суммы северокорейского экспорта, однако пункт о возможности экспорта северокорейского угля был включён в резолюции СБ ООН с учётом позиции Китая. Хотя южане пытаются представить дело так, что Резолюция 2270, принятая СБ ООН в марте 2016 года, вообще запрещает импортировать северокорейский уголь, речь идет о запрете на поставки, доход от которых может пойти на развитие ракетно-ядерной программы. В результате объем ввоза угля в Китай увеличивается. 24 сентября японская газета «Нихон кейдзай» опубликовала статью, в которой отмечается, что в апреле этого года объем импорта угля из СК в КНР резко сократился на 38% по сравнению с аналогичным периодом прошлого года, и такая тенденция продолжалась до июля. Однако в августе данный показатель начал расти, увеличившись на 27,5% в годовом исчислении. Общий объем торговли между СК и Китаем также увеличился на 30%. Эксперты РК полагают, что восстановление импорта в Китай северокорейских товаров произошло из-за смягчения контроля китайского правительства, которое выражает недовольство по поводу размещения ПРО THAAD на Корейском полуострове. Так что попытка навязать Пекину односторонние санкции пока не удается. И более того, там постоянно подчеркивается, что «Китай выступает против односторонних санкций, которые не помогают разрешить вопрос». Так, в частности, заявил 15 сентября министр иностранных дел КНР Ван И в телефонном разговоре со своим японским коллегой Фумио Кисидой, и та же позиция прозвучала 22 сентября на встрече спецпредставителей правительств КНР и РК, где обсуждались ответные меры в отношении проведённого Пхеньяном пятого ядерного испытания. Сообщается, что южнокорейская сторона потребовала от Китая принятия более жестких санкций в отношении Пхеньяна, в том числе запретить наземную перевозку грузов, на что китайская сторона ответила отказом. Скрываемый разлад нашел свое отражение и в заявлении генсека ООН Пан Ги Муна, который высказал недовольство относительно задержки принятия дополнительных санкций в ответ на пятое ядерное испытание КНДР. По его словам, СБ ООН затрачивает на это излишне много времени. Между тем позиция КНР в отношении санкций против Севера вполне ясна. Как отмечается в представленном на сеульском форуме «Объединение Кореи и вопросы безопасности» докладе старшего научного сотрудника Института Седжона Чун Чжэ Хона, Китай не склонен поддерживать применение против КНДР санкций, которые приведут к падению в стране существующего режима и ухудшению положения северокорейцев. По словам докладчика, крах режима Ким Чен Ына «чреват непредсказуемыми последствиями», включая и объединение обеих Корей под руководством Сеула. Пекин не хочет появления у своих границ объединенной Кореи, являющейся союзником США, и сделает все возможное для срыва такого сценария. Соответственно, выполняя резолюции ООН и не превышая их за счет дополнительных односторонних мер, как это делают США или их союзники, китайское правительство четко ограничило уровень санкций в отношении Пхеньяна, который ни при каких обстоятельствах не превысит. Константин Асмолов, кандидат исторических наук, ведущий научный сотрудник Центра корейских исследований Института Дальнего Востока РАН, специально для интернет-журнала «Новое Восточное Обозрение». Популярные статьи ",0
14502,BAD News For Obama As FBI Exposes Damning Thing He Quietly Did To Hillary,"Share This 
This election is arguably the most important our nation has ever faced, and things seem to be reaching a boiling point for America. Proving just that is the bad news Barack Obama just got after the FBI exposed the damning thing he quietly did to Hillary Clinton – and it means trouble for everyone involved. 
As many Americans were made aware on Friday, the FBI has reopened the investigation into Hillary’s email scandal. However, a few theories circling the web indicate that the recent turn of events points to something much darker. 
In fact, as Internet sleuths have more time to dig around the deepest corners of the web, it seems as though FBI Director James Comey’s hand may have actually been forced when it comes to the investigation. Seeing how both Wikileaks and famed hacker Kim Dotcom have Hillary’s 33,000 emails and are intent on releasing them in the upcoming week, the FBI was forced to make a move – but things only get more interesting the further down the rabbit hole we go. 
At this point, the media is taking Wikileaks very seriously, and considering who could be implicated in the leak, something had to be done. In short, the theory suggests that several high-ranking officials up to and including Barack Obama are actually involved in Hillary’s little scandal. (Photo Source: Red State Watcher ) 
Although she thinks otherwise, Hillary is actually a very small fish in the big pond of established politicians, and she’s about to find that out the hard way. In fact, it seems that Obama may actually be responsible for the FBI pressing forward on the investigation. 
With the theory picked up by Rush Limbaugh , a recent caller expounded on the belief a bit more, saying that Obama was facing a time crunch. In essence, knowing he would be implicated if the full email leak was made public, it would show his complicity in Hillary’s illegal behavior, meaning that he has a pretty serious bullet to dodge. I know where Hillary Clintons deleted emails are and how to get them legally @TGowdySC @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump . 100% true. Retweet. pic.twitter.com/eir8r0FJ8M 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 
Furthermore, seeing how Kim Dotcom told everyone how officials could legally get their hands on Hillary’s emails, this made the reality even more pressing. As more came out, Obama realized the only thing he could do to save his own skin would be to have Comey come forward and say that they “miraculously” found new emails pertinent to the investigation. 
In order to do this, Obama and the other Democrats involved must have made a joint decision to throw Hillary under the bus. When all is said and done, America will be so focused – with many extremely pleased – that no one will even think twice about what’s in the rest of those emails. (Photo Source: Red State Watcher ) 
Although this sounds like a win, many Americans want to turn it into a win-win and take down two birds (or maybe more) with one stone. Those emails are going to come out either way. Although Obama would like to divert your attention elsewhere, justice should come to all of those who break the law. Frightened Failed Obama gets Heckled & Dodges Reporters as They Scream Questions of James Comey Huma Abedin Hillary Clinton #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/bNw5XdDEjb 
— DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 28, 2016 
We’ve been told lies too many times from both Obama and Hillary, and it seems that the web they weaved is becoming rather tangled at this point. We all know that there is no loyalty in politics unless it directly benefits the person giving it. 
Barack Obama was endorsing Hillary Clinton, but it only stands to reason that the moment he was threatened, he’d throw her under the bus in the name of self-preservation. The jig is up and the Democratic party is going down. Let’s just hope the FBI decides to sink those final nails in Hillary’s coffin before the election and announce official charges against her. We the people are fed up, and just as Hillary once said, “No one is too big to jail.” Those words are coming back to bite her in the end.",0
14503,VIDEO : MICHIGAN REVS UP FOR TRUMP! – TruthFeed,"VIDEO : MICHIGAN REVS UP FOR TRUMP! VIDEO : MICHIGAN REVS UP FOR TRUMP! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
I am originally from Michigan, so my heart leaped with JOY when I watched Trump’s rally. 
I have spent many a summer nights at Freedom Hill (back when it was called Pine Knob) catching a concert – and I can honestly say that I have never in my life seen that amphitheater look so ENERGIZED and rock SO HARD as I did when I watched Sunday night’s Trump rally. 
It was AMAZING beyond words and made me SO PROUD to be from Michigan. 
What we’re witnessing is more than a movement, folks. 
It’s a REVOLUTION. 
Watch the video: 500+ days of campaigning across America – comes down to just 2 days before the biggest election of our lifetime. This was MICHIGAN tonight. pic.twitter.com/BoUQoz3HJV 
— Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 7, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
14504,"Trump Says Go Back, We Say Fight Back","2016 elections by Robin D.G. Kelley 
The author writes: “I am not suggesting that white racism alone explains Trump’s victory. Nor am I dismissing the white working class’s very real economic grievances. It is not a matter of disaffection versus racism or sexism versus fear. Rather, racism, class anxieties, and prevailing gender ideologies operate together, inseparably, or as Kimberlé Crenshaw would say, intersectionally.” Trump Says Go Back, We Say Fight Back by Robin D.G. Kelley 
This article previously appeared in Boston Review . 
“We need to reject a thoroughly bankrupt Democratic Party leadership that is calling for conciliation and, in Obama’s words, “rooting for [Trump’s] success.” 
“If we are to keep the enormity of the forces aligned against us from establishing a false hierarchy of oppression, we must school ourselves to recognize that any attack against Blacks, any attack against women, is an attack against all of us who recognize that our interests are not being served by the systems we support. Each one of us here is a link in the connection between antipoor legislation, gay shootings, the burning of synagogues, street harassment, attacks against women, and resurgent violence against Black people.” — Audre Lorde, “Learning from the 60s” 
Donald J. Trump’s election was a national trauma, an epic catastrophe that has left millions in the United States and around the world in a state of utter shock, uncertainty, deep depression, and genuine fear. The fear is palpable and justified, especially for those Trump and his acolytes targeted—the undocumented, Muslims, anyone who “looks” undocumented or Muslim, people of color, Jews, the LGBTQ community, the disabled, women, activists of all kinds (especially Black Lives Matter and allied movements resisting state-sanctioned violence), trade unions. . . . the list is long. And the attacks have begun; as I write these words, reports of hate crimes and racist violence are flooding my inbox. 
The common refrain is that no one expected this. (Of course, the truth is that many people did expect this, just not in the elite media.) At no point, this refrain goes, could “we” imagine Trump in the Oval office surrounded by a cabinet made up of some of the most idiotic, corrupt, and authoritarian characters in modern day politics—Rudolph Giuliani, Chris Christie, Newt Gingrich, Sarah Palin, John Bolton, Ben Carson, Jeff Sessions, David “Blue Lives Matter” Clarke, Joe Arpaio, to name a few. Meanwhile, paid professional pundits are scrambling to peddle their analyses and to normalize the results—on the same broadcast media that helped deliver Trump’s victory by making him their ratings-boosting spectacle rather than attending to issues, ideas, and other candidates (e.g., Bernie Sanders or Jill Stein). They deliver the same old platitudes: disaffected voters, angry white men who have suffered economically and feel forgotten, Trump’s populist message represented the nation’s deep-seated distrust of Washington, ad infinitum. Some liberal pundits have begun to speak of President-Elect Trump as thoughtful and conciliatory, and some even suggest that his unpredictability may prove to be an asset. The protests are premature or misplaced. All of this from the same folks who predicted a Clinton victory. 
“Trump’s followers are attracted to his wealth as metonym of an American dream that they, too, can enjoy once America is ‘great’ again.” 
But the outcome should not have surprised us. This election was, among other things, a referendum on whether the United States will be a straight, white nation reminiscent of the mythic “old days” when armed white men ruled, owned their castle, boasted of unvanquished military power, and everyone else knew their place. Henry Giroux’s new book America at War With Itself made this point with clarity and foresight two months before the election. The easy claim that Trump appeals to legitimate working-class populism driven by class anger, Giroux argues, ignores both the historical link between whiteness, citizenship, and humanity, and the American dream of wealth accumulation built on private property. Trump’s followers are not trying to redistribute the wealth, nor are they all “working class”—their annual median income is about $72,000. On the contrary, they are attracted to Trump’s wealth as metonym of an American dream that they, too, can enjoy once America is “great” again—which is to say, once the country returns to being “a white MAN’s country.” What Giroux identifies as “civic illiteracy” keeps them convinced that the descendants of unfree labor or the colonized, or those who are currently unfree, are to blame for America’s decline and for blocking their path to Trump-style success. 
For the white people who voted overwhelmingly for Trump, their candidate embodied the anti-Obama backlash. Pundits who say race was not a factor point to rural, predominantly white counties that went for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but now went for Trump, and to the low black and Latinx voter turnout. However, turnout was down overall, not just among African Americans. Post-election analysis shows that as a percentage of total votes the black vote dropped only 1 percent compared with the 2012 election, even while the number of black ballots counted decreased by nearly 11 percent. (Why this happened is beyond the scope of this essay, but one might begin with Greg Palast’s findings about voter suppression and the use of “crosscheck” to invalidate ballots.) Moreover, claims that nearly a third of Latinxs went for Trump have been disputed by the website Latino Decision, whose careful research puts the figure at 18 percent. The turnout does not contradict the fact that Trump drew the clear majority of white votes. This is not startling news. 
“We cannot ignore the fact that the vast majority of white men and a majority of white women, across class lines, voted for a platform and a message of white supremacy.” 
If history is our guide, “whitelash” usually follows periods of expanded racial justice and democratic rights. In the aftermath of Reconstruction, there were many instances in which southern white men switched from the biracial, abolitionist Republicans to the “redeemers,” whether it be the Democrats or, in states like Texas, the “White Man’s Party.” (No ambiguity there.) Or in the 1880s and ’90s, when white Populists betrayed their Black Populist allies in a united struggle to redistribute railroad land grants to farmers, reduce debt by inflating currency, abolish private national banks, nationalize railroads and telegraphs, and impose a graduated income tax to shift the burden onto the wealthy, among other things. Many of these one-time white “allies” joined the Ku Klux Klan, defeated the Lodge Force Bill of 1890 which would have authorized federal supervision of elections to protect black voting rights, and led the efforts to disfranchise black voters. Or the late 1960s, when vibrant struggles for black, brown, American Indian, Asian American, gay and lesbian, and women’s liberation, the anti-war movement, and student demands for a democratic revolution were followed by white backlash and the election of Richard Nixon—whose rhetoric of “law and order” and the “silent majority” Trump shamelessly plagiarized. 
Of course, Hilary Clinton did win the popular vote, and some are resorting to the easy lament that, were it not for the arcane Electoral College (itself a relic of slave power), we would not be here. One might add, too, that had it not been for the gutting of the Voting Rights Act opening the door for expanded strategies of voter suppression, or the permanent disfranchisement of some or all convicted felons in ten states, or the fact that virtually all people currently in cages cannot vote at all, or the persistence of misogyny in our culture, we may have had a different outcome. This is all true. But we cannot ignore the fact that the vast majority of white men and a majority of white women, across class lines, voted for a platform and a message of white supremacy, Islamophobia, misogyny, xenophobia, homophobia, anti-Semitism, anti-science, anti-Earth, militarism, torture, and policies that blatantly maintain income inequality. The vast majority of people of color voted against Trump, with black women registering the highest voting percentage for Clinton of any other demographic (93 percent). It is an astounding number when we consider that her husband’s administration oversaw the virtual destruction of the social safety net by turning welfare into workfare, cutting food stamps, preventing undocumented workers from receiving benefits, and denying former drug felons and users access to public housing; a dramatic expansion of the border patrol, immigrant detention centers, and the fence on Mexico’s border; a crime bill that escalated the war on drugs and accelerated mass incarceration; as well as NAFTA and legislation deregulating financial institutions. 
Still, had Trump received only a third of the votes he did and been defeated, we still would have had ample reason to worry about our future. 
“White privilege is taken for granted to the point where it need not be named and can’t be named.” 
I am not suggesting that white racism alone explains Trump’s victory. Nor am I dismissing the white working class’s very real economic grievances. It is not a matter of disaffection versus racism or sexism versus fear. Rather, racism, class anxieties, and prevailing gender ideologies operate together, inseparably, or as Kimberlé Crenshaw would say, intersectionally. White working-class men understand their plight through a racial and gendered lens. For women and people of color to hold positions of privilege or power over them is simply unnatural and can only be explained by an act of unfairness—for example, affirmative action. White privilege is taken for granted to the point where it need not be named and can’t be named. So, as activist/scholar Bill Fletcher recently observed, even though Trump’s call to deport immigrants, close the borders, and reject free trade policies appealed to working-class whites’ discontent with the effects of globalization, Trump’s plans do not amount to a rejection of neoliberalism. Fletcher writes, “Trump focused on the symptoms inherent in neoliberal globalization, such as job loss, but his was not a critique of neoliberalism. He continues to advance deregulation, tax cuts, anti-unionism, etc. He was making no systemic critique at all, but the examples that he pointed to from wreckage resulting from economic and social dislocation, resonated for many whites who felt, for various reasons, that their world was collapsing.” Yet Fletcher is quick not to reduce white working-class support for Trump to class fears alone, adding, “This segment of the white population was looking in terror at the erosion of the American Dream, but they were looking at it through the prism of race.” 
A New York Times poll shows that Trump supporters identified immigration and terrorism, not the economy, as the two most important issues in the campaign. Immigration and terrorism are both about race—Mexicans and Muslims. That there are “illegal” immigrants from around the globe, including Canada, Israel, and all over Europe doesn’t matter: anti-immigrant movements target those who can be racially profiled. And while Trump’s America fears “terrorism,” it does not disavow homegrown terrorist organizations such as the Ku Klux Klan, despite the fact that white nationalist movements are responsible for the majority of violent terrorist attacks on U.S. soil. On the contrary, Trump was not only endorsed by white nationalists and U.S.-based fascists, but during the campaign he refused to renounce their support, and Trump’s leading candidate for attorney general, Rudy Giuliani, has openly called Black Lives Matter “terrorists.” 
So where do we go from here? If we really care about the world, our country, and our future, we have no choice but to resist. We need to reject a thoroughly bankrupt Democratic Party leadership that is calling for conciliation and, in Obama’s words, “rooting for [Trump’s] success.” Pay attention: Trump’s success means mass deportation; massive military spending; the continuation and escalation of global war; a conservative Supreme Court poised to roll back Roe v. Wade, marriage equality, and too many rights to name here; a justice department and FBI dedicated to growing the Bush/Obama-era surveillance state and waging COINTELPRO-style war on activists; fiscal policies that will accelerate income inequality; massive cuts in social spending; the weakening or elimination of the Affordable Care Act; and the partial dismantling and corporatization of government. 
What must resistance look like? There are at least five things we have to do right now: 
1. Build up the sanctuary movement. 
In the 1980s, when nearly one million refugees fled U.S.-backed dictatorships in Guatemala and El Salvador, churches offered shelter, sanctuary, and assistance to those seeking political asylum, and over thirty cities were subsequently designated “sanctuary cities” by their local governments. The Obama administration’s deportations of undocumented workers rebooted the sanctuary movement, along with a vibrant immigrant rights movement that pushed the president to use executive authority to launch the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program and the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA). Trump has vowed to end both programs, leaving some five million immigrants vulnerable to deportation and identifiable through their applications, and he has promised to immediately cut all federal funding for sanctuary cities. To those who argue that millions of undocumented people are not “political refugees,” I counter that Trump’s war on immigrants is driven entirely by his quest to take power—they will become casualties of his political machinations. Some states have already outlawed the longstanding principle of sanctuary status, but this should not deter us from strengthening and expanding the sanctuary movement to other institutions. For example, many of us who work in the University of California system are working to turn our campuses into sanctuaries—preferably with legal and administrative backing. But even without the law behind us, we must act on moral principle. 
2. Defend all of our targeted communities. 
We must defend against hate crimes, Islamophobia, anti-black racism, attacks on queer and trans people, and the erosion of reproductive rights. There is no need to reinvent the wheel since there are already hundreds of organizations across the country dedicated to the fight, including INCITE: Women of Color Against Violence, Radical Women, the Immigrant Solidarity Network, the Praxis Project, the Praxis Center, CAAAV: Organizing Asian Communities, the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA), the African American Policy Forum, the Network Against Islamophobia, and Causa Justa, to name only a few. One of the main targets of attack, of course, is the Movement for Black Lives, along with the dozens of organizations upon which it was built—Black Lives Matter, the Dream Defenders, Million Hoodies, Black Youth Project 100, Malcolm X Grassroots Movement, We Charge Genocide, and Black Organizing for Leadership and Dignity (BOLD), among others. We need to support these movements and institutions, financially and by doing the work. And we must defend the political and cultural spaces that enable us to plot, plan, build community and sustain social movements. Here in Los Angeles this means spaces such as the L.A. Black Workers Center, the Labor/Community Strategy Center and its new community space, Strategy and Soul, the L.A. Community Action Network, the Southern California Library for Social Studies and Research, the Community Coalition, and Revolutionary Autonomous Communities, among many others. In New York we can point to Decolonize This Place; in Detroit, the Boggs Center; in St. Louis, Organization for Black Struggle, and so on. There are literally hundreds of centers around the country building for local power, and while none were immune to state surveillance in the past, we can expect heightened monitoring and outright attacks under this extreme right-wing regime. Now is not the time to retreat to our identity silos. We need solidarity more than ever, recognizing that all solidarities are imperfect, often fragile, temporary, and always forged in struggle and sustained through hard work. In our state of emergency, political disagreements, slights, misunderstandings, and microaggressions should not prohibit us from fighting for peoples rights, privileges, and lives. 
3. Stop referring to the South as a political backwater, a distinctive site of racist right-wing reaction. 
First, white supremacy, homophobia, and anti-union attitudes are national, not regional, problems. Second, black and multiracial groups in the South are at the forefront of resisting Trump’s authoritarian agenda and building power outside the mainstream Democratic Party. Among them are Project South, Southerners on New Ground (SONG), the Moral Mondays Movement, Kindred: Southern Healing Justice Collective, Jackson Rising in Mississippi, Showing Up for Racial Justice (SURJ) in Louisville, Asian Americans Advancing Justice in Atlanta, and the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights. 
The frontline battles that preceded Trump’s election must not be abandoned. On the contrary, they need to be strengthened. We must redouble our fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline and support the Standing Rock Sioux Nation’s historic resistance. There is no question that Trump’s election has further empowered the corporation behind the pipeline—the Texas-based Fortune 500 company Energy Transfer Partners—to continue to build no matter what the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers or the Obama Justice Department says. We need to recognize Standing Rock as not only a struggle for environmental justice but an episode in Native people’s five-hundred-year resistance to colonialism. And speaking of colonialism, the crisis in Puerto Rico has not abated—not in the least. As I write, Puerto Ricans on the island and in the U.S. mainland are using every means at their disposal to resist PROMESA, the U.S. plan that empowers a seven-member, unelected board to impose austerity measures as a way of restructuring its debt—measures that include wage reductions, selling off public assets, altering retirement plans for public employees, and fast-tracking changes even if they violate existing laws. 
4. Support and deepen the anti-Klan and anti-fascist movement. 
We must especially support groups such as Southern Poverty Law Center, which has been on the frontlines of this movement for decades. Although the fight against white supremacist organizations has been continual since the 1860s, the federal government has never successfully outlawed the Klan and similar vigilante groups (although in the 1950s the state of Alabama succeeded in outlawing the NAACP). With Trump’s election we are likely to see a surge in white nationalist and other right-wing terrorism, including attacks on black churches, synagogues, mosques, abortion clinics; and against non-white, queer, and trans people and immigrants. Some on the left will argue that resisting the so-called “alt-right” is a secondary issue since these are fringe movements and building class unity across racial lines ought to be our priority. But with the memory of Colorado Springs and Charleston seared into our memory, this argument rings hollow. And while President Obama’s poignant rendition of “Amazing Grace” at Reverend Clementa Pinckney’s funeral moved much of the nation, the truth is that it is easier to pass laws criminalizing organizations that support the boycott of businesses and institutions complicit in Israel’s illegal occupation of Palestine than it is to outlaw the Ku Klux Klan. 
5. Rebuild the labor movement. 
As obvious as this may seem, the entire labor movement is under attack on a global scale. Today labor unions are portrayed as corrupt, bloated, a drain on the economy, and modern-day cartels that threaten workers’ “liberty.” Corporations and the CEOs who run them are portrayed as the most efficient and effective mode of organization. In our neoliberal age, emergency financial managers are sent in to replace elected government during real or imagined economic crises; charter schools organized along corporate lines are replacing public schools; universities are being restructured along corporate lines with presidents increasingly functioning like CEOs; and a businessman with a checkered record, a history of improprieties and legal violations and allegations of sexual assault, and no experience whatsoever in government is elected president. 
Today’s economic debates focus not on alternatives to capitalism but on what kind of capitalism—capitalism with a safety net for the poor or one driven by extreme free-market liberalization? A capitalism in which the state’s role is to bail out big banks and financial institutions, or one where the state imposes (or rather restores) greater regulation in order to avoid economic crises? In both of these scenarios, a weakened labor movement is a given. The once-powerful unions are doing little more than fighting to restore basic collective bargaining rights and deciding how much they are going to give back. Union leaders are struggling just to participate in crafting austerity measures. In the New Deal era, the state’s efforts to save capitalism centered on Keynesian strategies of massive state expenditures in infrastructure, job creation, a social safety net in the form of direct aid and social security, and certain protections for the right of unions to organize. All these measures were made possible by a strong labor movement. There was a level of militant organization that we did not see in our post-2008 collapse, in spite of Occupy Wall Street. While Occupy was massive, international, and built on preexisting social justice movements, it lacked the kind of institutional power base and political clout that organized labor had in the 1930s. Of course, labor unions have also been powerful engines of racial and gender exclusion, working with capital to impose glass ceilings and racially segmented wages, but the twenty-first-century labor movement has largely embraced principles of social justice, antiracism, immigrant rights, and cross-border strategies. 
“I am talking about opening a path to freeing white people from the prison house of whiteness.” 
Obviously there is much missing here, like abolishing the Electoral College and continuing to wage a fight for local power in the legislative and electoral arenas as well as in the streets. Local campaigns to raise the minimum wage, for example, have not only produced key victories but served to mobilize people around issues of injustice and inequality. The sites of resistance will become clearer as the political situation becomes more concrete, especially after January 20. 
But I want to return to the white working class and how we might break the cycle of “whitelash.” First, we cannot change this country without winning over some portion of white working people, and I am not talking about gaining votes for the Democratic Party. I am talking about opening a path to freeing white people from the prison house of whiteness. True, with whiteness comes privilege, but many of the perceived privileges are inaccessible to most, which then generates resentment. Exposing whiteness for what it is—a foundational myth for the birth and consolidation of capitalism—is fundamental if we are to build a genuine social movement dedicated to dismantling the oppressive regimes of racism, heteropatriarchy, empire, and class exploitation that is at the root of inequality, precarity, materialism, and violence in many forms. I am not suggesting we ignore their grievances, but that we help white working people understand the source of their discontent—real and imagined. 
Is this possible? The struggle to recruit the white working class is an old story. Black movement leaders have been trying to free white working people from the paltry wages of whiteness since Reconstruction, at least, and it seems to always end badly. This history is not necessarily legible because we tend to conflate populism and fascism with what Henry Giroux astutely identifies as authoritarianism. Populism is the idea that ordinary people ought to have the power to control their government and their communities, especially along lines that benefit the collective. In the 1880s and ’90s, the black populist movement adopted a vision of a new society based on cooperative economics. The great writer and activist Timothy Thomas Fortune gave their unique vision eloquent voice and plans for action in his book Black and White: Land, Labor and Politics in the South (1884), which offered a path for the emancipation of the nation as a whole, not just black people. He attacked America’s betrayal of Reconstruction, identified monopoly and private ownership of land as the central source of inequality, and articulated a vision of a democratic, caring political economy based on equity and fairness. The National Colored Alliance members had advanced beyond printing more money or demanding free silver, adopting instead a more radical redistribution of wealth and power. They wanted more than a short-term alliance just to raise wages for picking cotton or reducing debt. But Fortune understood that a genuine cooperative commonwealth is not possible unless white workers and farmers join the movement. “The hour is approaching,” he wrote, “when the laboring classes of our country, North, East, West and South, will recognize that they have a common cause, a common humanity and a common enemy; and that, therefore, if they would triumph over wrong and place the laurel wreath upon triumphant justice, without distinction of race or of previous condition they must unite!” Whatever unity they managed to create proved ephemeral. As in so many other scenarios, most whites chose white supremacy over liberation. 
The lessons here are crucial. We cannot build a sustainable movement without a paradigm shift. Stopgap, utilitarian alliances to stop Trump aren’t enough. I concur with Giroux, who calls on all of us to wage “an anti-fascist struggle that is not simply about remaking economic structures, but also about refashioning identities, values, and social relations as part of a democratic project that reconfigures what it means to desire a better and more democratic future.” Robin Davis Gibran Kelley is the Gary B. Nash Professor of American History at UCLA.",0
14505,Nationwide Appeal Made To Little Shits To Stop Acting The Maggot,"0 Add Comment 
A NATIONWIDE appeal, led by fed up parents, has been launched which is pleading with children to ‘cut the shit’ and refrain from acting the maggot as the midterm draws to a close. 
Maggotry, to give it its technical name, can involve children doing anything from refusing to eat their vegetables to burning down their own homes as part of a bog-standard temper tantrum. 
“I’d use stronger language than maggot, but then my eldest would repeat it round the clock like the little bollocks he is,” explained exhausted father Peter Varley, who looked fairly stressed out if we’re being honest. 
While not citing specific maggot-based behaviour, parents presumed anyone who has seen a child out and misbehave in public would get the picture. 
“I don’t think it’s too much to ask, I’m running on 2 hours sleep for the last 11 years, just a slight reduction in the levels of outright dickheadedness from my two boys would be much appreciated,” shared mother of two Shona Laffin, “the midterm has been a testing time,” added Laffin, who was so fed up with the playacting that she’s convinced the midterm is actually 47 weeks long. 
The campaign has received the support of Gardaí, who earlier this year began a crackdown on children who failed to say ‘please’ and ‘thank you’. 
It is believed children were unavailable to comment as they were either scrawling on the walls with crayon or swiping a naggin from the drinks cabinet.",0
14506,Obama Calls on Putin to Help Reduce Violence in Syria After Peace Talks Stall - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Obama had “an intense conversation” with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia on Monday in which he expressed concern on the eve of his visit to the Middle East and Europe about the fragile Syrian peace talks and increased violence in Ukraine, White House officials said. In a strongly worded statement, the White House said that Mr. Obama had urged Mr. Putin to use his influence with President Bashar   of Syria to press him to stop attacks against opposition forces and abide by his commitment to a partial  . The   cessation of hostilities, brokered by Russia and the United States in February, has shown signs of crumbling in recent days, with increasing ground clashes and airstrikes. Syrian government forces have been mounting an offensive near the northern city of Aleppo, while rebel groups have reportedly made advances against government positions in the areas of Latakia in the north and Hama in the center of the country. A statement released by the office of Mr. Putin said he had stressed the need for moderate opposition leaders in Syria to distance themselves from the Islamic State and other extremist groups. On Monday, efforts to negotiate a political settlement to the   conflict grew more difficult when opposition representatives pulled out of formal talks in Geneva. The United Nations special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, said that the opposition High Negotiating Committee had told him that it was suspending its participation because of the surge in fighting and a decline in deliveries of humanitarian aid. “Since these talks began in Geneva, the Assad regime has worsened the situation on the ground,” Salem   a spokesman for the opposition coalition, said in a statement. “The progress in Geneva is directly connected to the realities faced by our people in Syria. If the ground situation is not improved, it will affect the advancement of the political process. ” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said that while the call between Mr. Obama and Mr. Putin was “intense,” there was not an impasse between them over Syria. “It’s an opportunity for the president to, once again, make the case to President Putin that he should use his influence with the Assad regime to live up to the commitments that they’ve made in the context of the cessation of hostilities,” Mr. Earnest told reporters. For Mr. Obama, the phone call with Mr. Putin offered a chance before his arrival in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday to demonstrate his resolve in moving toward a political solution in Syria. Mr. Obama is expected to urge Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf nations to renew their focus on helping to end the Syria conflict and fight the Islamic State. Last week, Rob Malley, the president’s top Middle East adviser, said in a briefing for reporters that the   “has held so far,” adding that “we’re far from having achieved the goals that we set, but the trend line is positive. ” Mr. Obama’s call with Mr. Putin appears to have been less optimistic. In describing the exchange, Mr. Earnest cast blame on Mr. Assad, saying that “unfortunately, we’ve seen that the cessation of hostilities continues to be fragile and increasingly threatened due to continued violations by the regime. ” The statement from the Kremlin said that the two leaders had “reiterated their commitment to strengthening the ” and that “additional measures will be put in place for rapid response to violations of the  . ” The latest round of indirect talks in Geneva, the third so far, began last week and had been focused on a political transition. Extremist groups like the Islamic State and the   Nusra Front are not included. Mr. de Mistura, the United Nations special envoy, told journalists that the peace process would continue and that opposition negotiators would stay in Geneva for “technical discussions. ” He said that on Friday he would take stock of the prospects for continuing the talks, adding that “ups and downs” in the peace process were to be expected. Mr. de Mistura said there was hope that aid convoys would be able to head for besieged areas. In the political talks, though, “the gap is clearly wide,” he said. Opposition negotiators flatly rejected an idea floated by Mr. de Mistura on Friday that would allow Mr. Assad to remain as president, with three vice presidents nominated by the opposition. The coalition representatives have insisted that any transitional government exclude Mr. Assad. During the phone call on Monday, Mr. Obama and Mr. Putin also discussed the situation in Ukraine, where fighting has continued between government troops and   separatists. A   in Ukraine has reduced the violence, but a political resolution, known as the Minsk agreement, has yet to be fully put in place. Mr. Obama is also traveling this week to Britain and Germany, where the situation in Ukraine is expected to top a list of European challenges he will discuss. The president urged Mr. Putin to end what the White House called a “significant uptick in fighting” in eastern Ukraine, along the border with Russia. The Kremlin said that Mr. Putin had told Mr. Obama that he hoped the Ukrainian government would “finally start taking concrete steps towards implementing the Minsk agreements of Feb. 12, 2015. ”",0
14507,NJ Teacher Who Engaged in Sex Acts with Students Blames Strict Muslim Upbringing That ’Repressed’ Her,"A    teacher is claiming that her strict Muslim childhood “repressed” her and contributed to her desires to have sex with students who attended a New Jersey high school, court records show. [Linda Hardan, a teacher at Manchester Regional High School in Haledon, New Jersey, was arrested and charged with sexual contact with at least two male students, one a    and another a   . Her contact began with explicit text messages and graduated to sexual contact, police said.  But Hardan’s defense counsel insists that her strict Muslim upbringing served to repress her, causing her behavior. He also requested therapy for his client instead of prison time, according to the Daily Mail. The    victim was “disgusted” and “upset” about the sexual encounter. Hardan began explicitly texting him and eventually got him in her car, drove to a secluded area, “and performed a sex act on him. ” The student reported he was so repulsed that he jumped out of the car and walked two miles back home. The convict reportedly perpetrated similar acts with the older boy, prosecutors proved in court. Prosecutors had worked out a deal with Hardan’s legal team, and she accepted a   sentence, which was then presented during the sentencing phase of her trial. But Passaic County Superior Court Judge Miguel de la Carrera decided on a lesser sentence, citing the mitigating factors of her childhood. Judge de la Carrera imposed a   sentence. “She had classmates and friends, but somehow, perhaps because of limitations on her dating life, she didn’t find the proper outlet among males of her own age,” the judge insisted during the sentencing. “She did not learn how to interact with guys her age,” de la Carrera added. Still, the judge refused to put her sentence off until she finished a college class she was taking at a local community college. Hardan will be eligible for parole, with good behavior, in a year. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
14508,Russia’s RT Network: Is It More BBC or K.G.B.? - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   The London newsroom and studios of RT, the television channel and website formerly known as Russia Today, are ultramodern and spacious, with spectacular views from the 16th floor overlooking the Thames and the London Eye. And, its London bureau chief, Nikolay A. Bogachikhin, jokes, “We overlook MI5 and we’re near MI6,” Britain’s domestic and foreign intelligence agencies. Mr. Bogachikhin was poking fun at the charge from Western governments, American and European, that RT is an agent of Kremlin policy and a tool directly used by President Vladimir V. Putin to undermine Western democracies  —   meddling in the recent American presidential election and, European security officials say, trying to do the same in the Netherlands, France and Germany, all of which vote later this year. But the West is not laughing. Even as Russia insists that RT is just another global network like the BBC or France 24, albeit one offering “alternative views” to the   news media, many Western countries regard RT as the slickly produced heart of a broad, often covert disinformation campaign designed to sow doubt about democratic institutions and destabilize the West. Western attention focused on RT when the Obama administration and United States intelligence agencies judged with “high confidence” in January that Mr. Putin had ordered a campaign to “undermine public faith in the U. S. democratic process,” discredit Hillary Clinton through the hacking of Democratic Party internal emails and provide support for Donald J. Trump, who as a candidate said he wanted to improve relations with Russia. The agencies issued a report saying the attack was carried out through the targeted use of real information, some open and some hacked, and the creation of false reports, or “fake news,” broadcast on   news media like RT and its sibling, the internet news agency Sputnik. These reports were then amplified on social media, sometimes by computer “bots” that send out thousands of Facebook and Twitter messages. To many Americans, the impression that RT is an instrument of Russian meddling was reinforced when its programming suddenly interrupted  ’s online coverage of the House of Representatives in January. (  later called it a technical error, not a hacking.) Watching RT can be a dizzying experience. Hard news and   graphics mix with interviews from all sorts of people: well known and obscure, left and right. They include favorites like Julian Assange of WikiLeaks and Noam Chomsky, the liberal critic of Western policies odd voices like the actress Pamela Anderson and cranks who think Washington is the source of all evil in the world. But if there is any unifying character to RT, it is a deep skepticism of Western and American narratives of the world and a fundamental defensiveness about Russia and Mr. Putin. Analysts are sharply divided about the influence of RT. Pointing to its minuscule ratings numbers, many caution against overstating its impact. Yet focusing on ratings may miss the point, says Peter Pomerantsev, who wrote a book three years ago that described Russia’s use of television for propaganda. “Ratings aren’t the main thing for them,” he said. “These are campaigns for financial, political and media influence. ” RT and Sputnik propel those campaigns by helping create the fodder for thousands of fake news propagators and providing another outlet for hacked material that can serve Russian interests, said Ben Nimmo, who studies RT for the Atlantic Council. Whatever its impact, RT is unquestionably a case study in the complexity of modern propaganda. It is both a slick modern television network, dressed up with great visuals and stylish presenters, and a content farm that helps feed the European far right. Viewers find it difficult to discern exactly what is journalism and what is propaganda, what may be “fake news” and what is real but presented with a strong slant. A recent evening featured reports of Britain refusing to condemn human rights violations in Bahrain and a “mainstream media firestorm” over Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s chats with the Russian ambassador to the United States. Other reports included the “liberation” of Palmyra by the Syrian Army with “the support of the Russian Air Force” an interview with former British ambassador to Syria and a United States critic, Peter Ford and a report about a London professor decrying the fall in British living standards. There are “clickbait” videos on RT’s website and stranger pieces, too, like one about a petition to ban the financier George Soros from America for supposedly trying to “destabilize” the country and “drown it” with immigrants for a “globalist goal. ” Mr. Bogachikhin and Anna Belkina, RT’s head of communications in Moscow, insist it is absurd to lump together RT’s effort to provide “alternative views to the mainstream media” with the phenomena of fake news and social media propaganda. “There’s an hysteria about RT,” Ms. Belkina said. “RT becomes a shorthand for everything. ” For example, she says, while RT was featured heavily in the American intelligence report, it was largely in a   annex (of a   report) that was written more than four years ago, in December 2012, a fact revealed only in a footnote on Page 6. She flatly denies any suggestion that RT seeks to meddle in democratic elections anywhere. “The kind of scrutiny we’re under  —   we check everything. ” For RT and its viewers, the outlet is a refreshing alternative to what they see as complacent Western elitism and   representing what the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov recently called a “  world order. ” With its slogan, created by a Western ad agency, of “Question More,” RT is trying to fill a niche, Ms. Belkina said. “We want to complete the picture rather than add to the echo chamber of mainstream news that’s how we find an audience. ” Nearly all the mainstream media came out against Mr. Trump during the campaign and much of the news coverage about him was negative, she said. “This is why we exist,” Ms. Belkina said. “It’s important to watch RT to hear alternative voices. You might not agree with them, but it’s important to try to understand where they’re coming from and why. ” A French legislator, Nicolas Dhuicq, who has appeared on RT and went to   Crimea in 2015 as part of a delegation of French legislators, said that RT’s aim was “to make the voice of Russia heard, to make the Russian point of view on the world heard. ” Still, Mr. Dhuicq said, “the impact of RT, in my opinion, is very low. ” He added: “There is enormous paranoia when we imagine that RT will change the face of the world, influence national or other elections. ” Afshin Rattansi, who hosts a talk show three times a week called “Going Underground,” came to RT in 2013 after working at the BBC, CNN, Bloomberg, Al Jazeera and Iran’s Press TV. “Unlike at the BBC and CNN, I was never told what to say at RT,” he said. There have been two cases of RT announcers quitting because of what they said was pressure to toe a Kremlin line, especially on Ukraine, but not in London, Mr. Rattansi said. Michael McFaul, a Stanford professor who was the United States ambassador to Russia during the Obama years, said that RT should not be lightly dismissed. “There is a demand in certain countries for this alternative view, an appetite, and we arrogant Americans shouldn’t just think that no one cares. ” But there is a considerably darker view, too. For critics, RT and Sputnik are simply tools of a sophisticated Russian propaganda machine, created by the Kremlin to push its foreign policy, defend its aggression in Ukraine and undermine confidence in democracy, NATO and the world as we have known it. Robert Pszczel, who ran NATO’s information office in Moscow and watches Russia and the western Balkans for NATO, said that RT and Sputnik were not meant for domestic consumption, unlike the BBC or CNN. Over time, he said, “It’s more about hard power and disinformation. ” The Kremlin doesn’t care “if you agree with Russian policy or think Putin is wonderful, so long as it does the job  —   you start having doubts, and of 10 outrageous points you take on one or two,” he said. “A bit of mud will always stick. ” Probably more important than RT, Mr. Pszczel said, are Sputnik and local language outlets sponsored by Russia, like the Slovak magazine “Zem a Vek,” known for its conspiracy theories. Sputnik is the largest source of raw news in the Balkans, he said, “because it’s a free product in local languages. ” And “then they set up some friendly association, at some small university, which holds seminars, and then a number of strange websites start promoting the product, like an industrial marketing operation. ” But RT is also helpful in another traditional Moscow effort: making friends with useful people, and not just Mr. Assange, Mr. Pomerantsev said. “RT made Mike Flynn feel good after losing his job” as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, he said, paying him a reported $40, 000 to come to RT’s anniversary celebration in Moscow and sit near Mr. Putin. And Mr. Flynn, for a time, was national security adviser of the United States. Mr. Nimmo of the Atlantic Council noted RT’s small reach in Germany, where Angela Merkel, a Putin critic, is facing a tough   fight, and where there are up to 3. 5 million Russian speakers. “I strongly suspect that RT Deutsch has a trivial effect compared to   Germans watching Russian television,” he said. Stefan Meister, who studies Russia and Central Europe for the German Council on Foreign Relations, agreed that “we shouldn’t overestimate RT. The main success of the Russians is the link to social media through bots and a network of different sources. ” That network, he said, is “increasingly well organized, with more strategic and explicit links between sources and actors  —   Russian domestic media, troll factories, RT, people in social networks and maybe also the security services. ” “Open societies are very vulnerable,” Mr. Meister said, “and it’s cheaper than buying a new rocket. ” RT is part of the reality of the 21st century, Mr. Pomerantsev said. “Everyone will do it soon. It’s the world we have to live in. ” Hacks and leaks are much more disruptive, he said. “If you can take out the electrical grid in Ukraine, that’s scary. It’s hard to get too scared about Larry King on RT. ” Mr. Pomerantsev agrees with Ms. Belkina that RT is not inventing popular mistrust about Western democracy. “The Russians are about sowing mistrust about institutions that is there already, feeding it,” he said. “How do we make our institutions more trustworthy?”",0
